LeYallion's Heir. CHAPTER XVIII. 1 GHO WING CLOUD OP WITNESSES. ' My dear child, how aro you ?' cried the duchess and kissed Raven el on both cheeks. , She was tho last arrival of tho house party, and sho sank into a low chair by the firo and surveyed the scene, covertly and without her long- handled glasses. , ,Tho big hall .of Levallion Castle was lit by two fires and a sufficiency — no more — of Bbaded lamps. There wero plenty of cozv corners and Secluded , chairs behind the groat, square- pil- ars supporting tho low roef, where dull gold, gleamed fitfully in the fire flicker. Among the orderly disorder of chairs and tables and palms, people were, sitting in twos and threes .—?occasionally drinking tea, laughing, warm ing themselves, and wondering what sort of a married man Levallion made. His past record happily did not point to a dull sojourn * nnder his roof. But tho duchess, like Gallio, cared for none of theso things. Her red, comfortably handsome i face was turned to- the Bumptuous figure at the tea table, all white velvet and Hussion sable and floating, wavy chiffon. * 'I am Annesley's littlo girl, turned into an accordion-pleated angel!' thought her . grace, blind to everything bvtlrsnrprise. For Ravdnel under her wing had beon' only a ? remarkably pretty 'girl, r&ther; quick, almost ?? ehy. And here stood a beautiful woman j utterly self-possessed, and a work of art from her carefully dressed hair to tho way her \- great gray eyes looked up from , her tea snaking. ' A maid, that's the reason of those beauti fully dono waves!' thought - the duchess. 'But how much prettier Bhe is than I imagined. A woman with those eyebrows and that upper lip might do anything. But 'what colour there is in her face, with those gray-blue eyes and black eyebrows, and that surprising bronze hair ! ? She looks— eh, what —Levallion? Ob, tea !' 'It's usual at this hour — or would you rather ? ' ' Don't worry me, my good man !' smartly, ' She looks well, Levallion ; happier, I think !'. 'She is vary well.' He glanced at his wife across the buzzing room. The duchess was rignu, Biie aia iook nappier. _ xne queer, stony look that had been in her eyes was gone. It seemed to him that the change in hor dated from one evening when ho had found her sit ting alone in her room with a burning colour in her oheeks.and quick unwonted questions on her tongue. Ho remembered them now. ' Levallion,. you really lovo mo ? Yon didn't znarry mo because Sylvia arranged it — nor just to have a wife ? You would have married me all tlio same oven if I'd told vouwhv ? ' but Bhe had never finished. 'I married you for love, and nothing else,' he had answered quietly, and she had watched liim &b; ho said it, then turned front him and Bpoko'labouredly, ovor her shoulder. ' I'll do my best to be a good wife to you.' But even now ho never imagined how at that moment she came of her own accord to believe in what waB true, that ho liaid known nothing of Sylvia's manoeuvring. And her duty lay plain before her. To take up tho life sho had deliberately mado for herself and bo a loyal iriio to the man who had always 'been good ' to her. Very barren, very dreary, in spite of Iievallion's kindness that life lay before hor,. bit Bhe would tread it faithfully - to tho :yery end. And unconsciously a great joy leaped to'her oyeB and ever since had burned there steadily. Adrian might be lost to hor a thousand times- more than ever, but , in her soul she could worship him, fon ho had been true. . But Levallion, poor fool, had thanked God for tbat rapturo in her eyes ; a man, too, who ?was not in tho habit of thanking God for anything. ' There's peaco in her face,' said tho duoliesB shortly, having followed his eyes in that long pause. ' Woll, woll ! You'ro a t. bettor man than I thought, Lovallion. Sond Tommy to rao with tho tea cake. You mako mo nervous when you watch mo oat.' Sir Thomas camo -without much alacrity, j Ho had a bottor opinion of tlio dnchoss' flhrowdnosa than Lovallion ; ana ho was not easy in liin mind. Ho know quito woll that Itavonol'a ronowod beauty and tho quiot of her fnco, datcu from that interviow with 'Adrain Gordon, that lie had not discovered in timo to prevent. Ho was uncomfortably conscious that for all ho know tho household inight bo sitting 011 a volcano. 'And how aro you?' inquired his friond ?with hor mouth full. ' I hear Lady Annes loy is cutting a dasli at Harrowgato. I don't fjuppOBO you miss hor !' 'Not much !' stolidly, though I10 would xathor a lmndrod times havo boon back uudor 1 lior ladyship h rulo and beon sitting half-fod at AnucHloy OIuiko with tlio old Ravenol, than lioro in Lovalliou's houso with a sistor who Would not moot liis oyo. ' I'm not pining away for Lady Annesley.' 1 ' Slio'd givo lior oyos to bo horo,' tho duclioQH chuckled unkindly. ' You soom to havo an oxl.remoly ohoorful collootion. By tho way, how's young Gordon ? I hoar ho's boon vory ill horo P' ' Ho's bottor,' shortly. ' Ho had a sort of xolopso last wook. But ho's coming down to ? dinnor to-niglit. Wo (hastily) liavon't Boon anything of liim. Hos had a nurso.'' But tho duelios's moroly murmured that it ?was a sad caso, ft man with a sliattorod bridle arm boing of 110 furthor uso in a hussar rogi mont j and passod soronoly on. Sho had no in tention of tolling Tommy tliat sho had found out all about that marriago that novor camo off. Tho ourato at Effingham had talkod, and tlio wholo parish know about tho couplo who had novor oomo to bo married, but had wasted a Bpaoiallioonso and tho onrato'n timo. Ruvo nol s past, ^us no business of any ono's but Lovallion, who would novor hoar it. 'Ifrslio '1ms any sonno ulio knows by thifi timo that Lovalliou's littlo linger is worth a ?vsiholo string of lovesiok Holdiors,' sho though, ' I novor saw n man so softened and improved jil all my lifo. Ho lookB twonty years youngor I .^e Batnei if he's wise, he won't press hiB distinguished young restive to an indefi I mte stay. But even the duchess felt a shocked pity that night at dinner as she looked across the flowers and gold plate and saw how very ill and worn Captain Gordon looked. Why, tho man was a death's head. A romantic, undesirable death's bead, with its arm in a sling. duo glanced at xtavcnel and saw to jifi-r in finite relief that sho was not so much a fooking Gordon's way. Exquisitely fair on ivory satin and burnt orange velvet, she was talking to the man on her right hand with her old child I'ke mirth. But the Duchess was near-sighted. Sir Thomas Annesley could havo told her that there was anything but mirth in Eavenel's steady eyes. And truly repentance, impotent pain, and fear were doiBg their work. Under that smart bodico Lady Levallion's heart was aching dully whilo she made conversation, as many a better woman has done and will do whilo tho world goes round. Sho knew quito well that tho width of a white table-cloth separated her from Adrian as utterly as a gujf of a thousand miles. Knew that after - dinner' lvo would never, speak to her, encept in the few sentences decently demanded fr&m; guest to hostess; that as soon as ,hq could ho would get, away, from the house. ,- . uu, 1 ve simply' got to speak to him !' she thought. ' If I have to make tho chance myself,' for there were too things she had forgotten to ask him, and ono of thom rankled. Why had ho said ho was too poor to marry hor openly, and all tho while was Levallion s solo heir ? The probablo successor to the 1 richest earldom in England is not nsually considered a bad match, oven by moro greedy people than Bavenel. And who was the woman ivho had come to- ask after -him ; though%she cared nrery little, or sho determined to think bo. She cam'e out of hor thoughts I with a jerk, suddenly conscious that she had not the least idea what tho m&n; beside hor was saying. 1 '1? Was linking how pretty all the women are; sho observed quickly, , to avoid- having to say, ' I beg your pardon., ' * . Lord Chayter surveyed the table. It was quite true, every woman thero was a picture in hor way ; and nearly all he saw wero dark ; and made a foil to tho peachy loveliness, tho curled bronze head of their hostess. 'My own wife's tho only one of'oml'd care to kiss, though !' ho remarked, rather, after the manner of Levallion, whp'was his dearest friend. ' That's very charming— rand - proper — of you!' r 'No ! it's tho ' hard kalsomino finish' that appalB me,' coolly. 'Come .now, Lady Levallion, you don't mean to say you can't see.itr' For Ravedel, who owned no rouge pot and eschewed powder, was looking at him bo wilderedly. I thought ? '? she began, and then laughed, but not too gaily, ' waB everything in the grand world- a sham, even down to tho lovely colour on the .women's cheeks ?' 'That all things were what they Boomed? WolU thoy ain't, unfortunately ! You really ought to be congratulated. on your cook, Lady Levallion. I never . ate better chicken dono with almonds than^this.' '1 hope you won't get tired of it,' sho re turned. ' Levallion is so fond of almonds. He arranges the dinners, you know.. I .should havo roast beef and plum tart, he thinks — and bo I would !' Lqrd Chayter thought she looked as if she lived on poaohes and cream; but ho did not say so, for something caught his. attention. '?Do you never havo tho blinds down in this room?' ho inquired suddenly. 'Oh, I seo, there are none. But don't you think it's rather un canny . to look ovor tho table and candles and things, and tho ladies' pretty frocks to those blank, dark windows? It makes mo feel creepy,' frankly. 'As if ghosts might be peer ing in !' f '.We never uso this room when wo'ro alone. Tho windows must bo a fanoy of Levallion's. I don't see veiy well how wo oould havo blinds on them.' For the state, dining-room was on tho ground floor in the oldest part of tho castlo, and tho windows were sunk deep and narrow in tbo six-foot wall whioh slanted away from thom till oaoh foot-wido window glass mado the apex of a wide stono V. i. should i said Jjord Gliaytor, who' was fat and fair and sorowed-up oyod. ' Makos mo norvous. Now look, juBt opposite us ! Couldn't you swear somo ono was looking in ? ,thougb, of courso, it's all fanoy.' Lady Levallion's glanoo followod his and grow suddenly startlod. For though it was gone in an instant, ovon as sho lookod at it, thero hud boon soraothing liko a whito faco, liko gloaming eyea, pressed to tho window pano of tlio oinbrasured window. ' Thoro, you soo ! Though it's oithor imagination or a gardonor'a boy,' said Lord Chaytor. ' Don't look ho frightonod.' ' I'm not frightonod,' quiotly, '* but I think you'ro right. 'Plloso blank windows liiako tho room uncanny. ' I'll havo something dono to thom to-morrow,' but liko lightning hor thoughts had flown at tho sight of that faco against tho glass to tho strango woman who had como to inquiro for Adrian ; though thoro conld bo no earthly connection. ' Lot lior look !' slio thought contempt uously, ' Slio won't soo much to ploaso her. And not a soul in tho houso knows' anything aoouii ivunan ana mo, and that s all .1. enro about.' Quito unconscious that Tommy and tho duohoss auspootod what Sistor Klizabofch know ; nnd 'that ovory wind that blow, ovory hour that pasBod, was pushing hor noaror to tho groatost horror -any woman can faco. ' Soreons would do it,' roturned Lord Chaytor soronoly, turning somo attontion to his dinnor, and determining to drop n hint to Lovallion. For thoro woro windows on both sides of tho big room, and it soemed a coinoidonco that if any ono had lookod in thoy should havo olioson tho sido behind and not faoincr Lord Levallion's sharp ovon. Ho eavo tho subjoot what I10 considered a happy turn. ' Captain Gordon looks protty shaky ! Ho ought to bo caroful, if ho prefers earth to lioavon,' ho observed. ' Bottor keep him horo and lot somo of thoso charming ladies tako him in hand. Ho wants a courso of potting, tho platonio kind, you know!' Itavonol caught tho duohoss' oyo, and roso thankfully. ' Anyono 011 earth to nurso mo rather than you !' Adrian had said. But hor punishment would bo moro than sho oould boar if sho must stand by aud roo any of thoso women do it. Sho utterly forgot that whito phantom faco ut tho dark window. (To lo continuod.') ? ? 