ECHOES AND RE- ECHOES, . P^BRBERATIONB. ' [By HDGH KALYPTUS.l _Down m "Siberia," -which is hard by the Produce Department, over against'lie end of the wharfage at Port Adelaide where the big steamers are -wont to congregate m large numbers of one or maybe two alt a time, and 'Skef" loads them* -down to the i? 1 ® 0 s marli "With frozen-beef made of rabbit and other reptilia, I came across a portly, self-satisfied old rat. riallo!" said I, "how do vou comment "vous poxitez vous?" for I had "learnt Dutcu aboard a Russian, steamer. 'TTah^ Tvohl!" said he in Hindmarsh Greek sharpened on a Bowden bricks ."I thought all you rodents were buboimcised and exterminated two months ago. <ireat Kruger's ghost! if Ramsay- Smith or Getting acts on your-tracks you'll- have a •shorter shift thai the Governors. There as a reward of twopence a head for you outlaws dead or alive." He sat on a tinned- meat case, and putting his paw up to his nose with the digits extended—whicsh is a Masonic sign in vogue amongst the rats since the "Edi£t of Ramsay Smith"—said:—"It's no use poking borax at me. 1 and my family, , and my siistos, and my cousins, and my aunts have heen away up in Adelaide $ince July slaying in warehouses in the same street as the Adelaide Corporation Office, and-we know the. regulations re rats by heart. The voungsters'learnt to read that way. Jludhoha wag'not good fgr the constitution; but some ofais were all right in the Port stores." Bat'weren't you exterminated?" He grinned eonsumedly. "Nary an exterminate. Only a few—the feeble and the foolish—succumbed; but we are all coming hack now."' "Why, hang it.alll didn't the paper say that several hundred pounds had been expended in twopences, Rough oil Rats; and sm&Jl; boys?"- "Ah, well! so there was, but they didn't keep it up. They just cleaned .up ojir lodgings for us -and we are coming back ajrain' till another fellow coddles a frozen fowl ill bis shirt-front, and then 1 suppose they'll be at it again." "Do you mean to deny that you were not the cause of the bubonic plague?" "Nary, cause. It was the mosquitoes; they'vie all got it. There's more than a dozen of them in the swamps and creeks •around Mudholia. They'll never get rid of it by offering twopence ahead on rats, or even mosquitoes.. What they ought to do is to cover the Port River -and North Ann from Jereois Bridge to -Sohnapper -Point with mosquito netting, and smoke them out same as they did with wire-netting the rab- -bits up-country. Everybody who is found harvesting mosquitoes in his premises should be fined. Any householder found keeping domesticated mosquitoes should be had up. You tell Ramsay Smith and Gething they have been barking up the wrontj tree. It's mosquitoes, not rats; and another •thing if they - had wanted to exterminate the rats why did they put the poll tax on Chinese. One Chinaman is worth a whole Health Board, because he-eats-us. Let the Chinese come here and keep them out of rice.- -that's the game; they'll go for rats then; butwe ain't afraid for the Chinkie is scarper .than we are; you should have a close season for Chinkies, and give Gonlon another job; he's the man who- Stops the Chinkie from coming here, make. him Inspector of' the Celestial Import -Department, that's the gamg; and let Ge thing pass all the healthy ones. But don't let this get into the Press, because they might take it seriously and then what would become of us, although we are as innocent as that frozen fowl? ' He tipped me a wink and disappeared under the wharf. One wonders what would become "of the Rev. Mr. Gladstone who has been making the moral atmosphere of Nathalia so ultra tropical if the newspapers did not advertise his doings. There are two ways of doing the notoriety business, the orthodox one of drafting sensational advertisements and paying up according to the scale, and the other is to do something exceptionally eccentric and keep on doing it. This style has the method of cheapness and is in much favour with sanre pt^itjdarp^craiiks,' tub-- thumpers, fanatics, adventurers, stump, orators,-and geniuses. The Rev. Gladstone gets there all the same through the sensation-loving public, and so did the Slatterys. There is nothing likeraieng a dust. The Rev. G. will never be canonized as a martyr; but if he succeeds in purging the Augean stable of society, he will .have accomplished an heaxnilean task in which hosts of self-Constituted reformers have failed, andwilldeserveall the epedit he wishes himself. ' ~ The'dead certainty -with which misdirected letters get to their destination is becoming proverbial. Recently a friend of mine living within the sound of the -Bell Buoy received a letter from Dresden addressed , "Semaphore, Tasmania." ..It did not go to the erstwhile Van Diemen's Land,, bat hit the mark first shot, which is-anofher feather in'the cap of the <x,P.O,; • I " Commandant Botha has the reputation of .- being a "most accomplished gentleman, who is more of an Uitlander fban a Boor; but if all that is said is true, be behaved like a very boor when he deliberately destroyed piles upon piles of letters sent from -all parts of the world to the brave," patient sojdiera of the Queen, to whom they were more precious than gold. It TO a mean, contemptible action, and contrasts strongly "with that of more than one Australian mail , robber, who simply searched for -notes and cheques and left the correspondence unhurt—indeed, in one case the letters were put back in the mafflag. One isan understand the destruction of stores by an enemy; but to make a holocaust of the touching communications from mothers, sisters, fathers, brothers, and friends to Tommy Atkins, buAgering for news of the dear ones at home whom he may- never see again, is petty spite beyond expression. For the sake of Botha s reputation as a brave foeman, I hope there is no foundation, in the charge. 