ZEEHAN. . fhov a correspondent. Tne weatner Is a stale topic with us, a weok's fine— sunshine— being the wonder. Yet, at this time of the yoar, web Is most acceptable to amateur gardeners, what ever it may be to the surfaoe miner, tho land, after clearing, owing to the slate Bubstratum, being' very' porous. As Instance, lb has been raining for twelve honra as it did daring tho deluge, yob in another twelve hours— if ib ceases, whloh is not likely — ib will bo so dry thab a dust storm will tormenb Main street store keepers. Owing to our spring having been bitter winter, the gardens are very baokward, \- and the great ambition of having locally. grown potatoes for Ohristmas will not, in most Instances, be realised, and it will be the same with other vegetables, so that there will be a fair market for LI Hung ' Chang of Thomas' Flats to sell' bis " tulnlp," " callot," and " oabbagee' here — If be has any left after the raids. Speaking of the latter, the customs and habits of the Dovonport people must have changed with the name. Years ago 20 per cent of tho applo, poar, and plum orops waa wont to bo considered the fair share of tho spoilor. Even the holes In tho begdos were left so that no trouble need be taken by the raider. On hla part, be took care not to damage the trees, he having a mutual Interest with the proprietor in next year's crop. The superfine morality, as detailed in the papers, must havo been taken on at the advent of the Chinese. Oonfuolua is to the front ab Devonport. I am thankful I am a Christian. of late about grading produce for ex port ; bub producers should begin by grading for the markets of their own colony. The West Ccasb has been too long the dumping ground , for farmers' rubbish. Butter nnfit for the soap boiler, oheeso with all the stinks of Cologne, eggs that must have been laid by the harem of the code thab crowed before Peter, bacon cured by tho prodigal son from some of his awine that had died of the measles, chaff from straw thab must havebeon reaped, at the timo when the Israelite brickmakors struok work, and potatoes sized from a pigeon's egg to a No. 10 boor, ' with " shaw," stones, and soil as make weight. No wonder the West Coaster longs for the advent of Federation and the opening of Macquarle Harbor 1 The miner makes fair wages— when at work,— and lives well If he oan purchase the material to do so. If he cannot get what ho wants at a fair price in this- Oilony, he - will send for it to Yiotoria. After somo years of molly coddling by the agricultural oouncil — an invention of the late Premier, — and which Is being carried out— suppress reports— to an absurd degroo, there appears to be no improvement In the quality or qunnrity of produce. Butter, for instance. Why should we havo to pay j»b; midwinter 2s 6d per lb for. prime, Kcbuca aud la fid for Tasmanlan ? Why should there be such a difference in the prices, aud why should there be nny Eobuca butter enter Tas mania ab all ? I am acquainted with tho Eohuca diatriot, and must, s&y; that the land on the North-West Coast is far and away better than It. Yet, notwithstand ing the agricultural boards and In spectors, preference Is given by tho miner — and rightly, too — to Victorian products. Rumblings of tho Federation contest are heard, those who have no ghost of a ohance, and those who play dummy to likely parties/ being first in the field — the former, inoltcd by "aguid conceit o' them selves," tho latter by 'hopes of favors to come. They will do their utmost .to split votes in favor of their particular candidates, A prinolpal has sent on "dodgers," stating he will visit on . The poster Is of the eoonoralo stylo adopted by travelling palmists or S.P.O.K. agents, and la probably in the shop windows of your good town. Shopkeepers here, when displaying play bills, take the accommodation onb in tickets. Miners are beginning to get ounnlng— politically. They — as their Interest leads them — are thorough Freetradora, and no half-way "Yes-No" will go down with them. Of course, candidates' speeches are trimmed to suit the politics of tho people whom they address, but the press circu lates vory freely on tho Wost Ooast, and >ho principal points of the speeches are given in brief, If not in detail. Thus listeners can compare the mental food offered them with that given on, say, the North- West Ooast. A person here, who Is an. all-ronnd athlete, and who on holiday occasions runs a " spinning jenny," visited Ulver stone on the occasion of the. ohopping sports. I asked him on' hla return how they treated him. "Oh, splendid," ho said, "I cleared 'ten quid,' but don't -rS oare if I had lost as muoh, because the (j drlvo along the ooast Is heavenly. I cm would nob have lost thab for a year of my life. When I make a little I'm off to settle down there." Suoh le the testi mony of one who is anything bub senti- j. mental about the scenery of your ooast. Is lb possible for a miniature Oook to qj arise and organise cheap excursions en titled— "A month on the North-West 0« ast," prices from £6 to £10 ? , I should have in this given a sketeh of Jy the prospects of mines and mining, tiay I send it in my next, there being nothing vory stirring, only oar old friend, Jerry O'Neill, has all bub sold his share in the South Oomstook for £2000, £200 being paid aa deposit. 