A RIDE FOR LOVE. The season at the seaside was at its height, and the landlord of the Rock Hotel smiled complacently as he issued orders for extra beds to be prepared in billiard-rooms and outbuildings, while clerks and hall-boys were kept busy re plying to the continuous whirring of electric hells. . It was mid-afternoon, an hour when most of the guests of the hotel had retired to their rooms for the siesta which had .become a habit during the warm days of the earlier summer. To-day the long rows of deserted rock ing-chairs on the terraces swayed gent ly to and -fro in the light breeze which held already a suggestion of autumnal chill. . ; The interest of the few loungers was centred for the moment on a group of cyclists, a score or more of whom were gathered in front of the hotel, ready for a ride of twenty miles to a famous re sort where they were to dine, return ing by moonlight It was an animated scene, and a young man who was in the act of descending the stairs to join the party, paused a moment at'the door, looking down on the group, of men in golf stockings and knickerbockers and prettily-dressed young ladies. His eye rested longest on one of the girls who was standing somewhat apart from the others, talking in a low, voice to a tall, blonde man whose eyes were gazing eagerly upon her face. She was simply, but pnttily attired, with a jaunty cap crushed down upon the rebellious dark curls of her small head. Henry Sutton, watching her un observed, thought he .had never seen her more charming, and he sighed and frowned as he turned away and mingled with the grouo at the foot of the hotel entrance. “ By Jove !” he exclaimed, mentally, “ I believe she is beginning to really care for that fellow ; ho is not fit to breathe the same air with a girl like Rose Milnor; yet what can I do ? I have said all I dared, and what has been the result V Only to make her look upoil him as an abused and rnuek to-be- pitied mortal; while I^bah, if I didn’t happen to worship the ground she treads on, it might be easier to be misunderstood,” and Sutton put an enormous energy into the pumping of the deflated tyre of a wheel belong ing to.a plain, shy girl, who was starl ing with some trepidation on her first long rid-. Sutton felt sorry tor her, cml when Rose a ad started off with young Converse at her side, and not given even a glance in liis direction, he gallantly .brought np the rear of the procession of wheels with his quiet companion, whose strength, he soon discovered, was quiet unequal to the task she had undertaken. At the end of the first five miles they! met a party' of_ the girl's friends returning from, a drive, and with an extra seat in the carriage ; they offered to take the tired rider and.her wheel back to the hotel, and Sutton, thus relieved of his charge, continued on his way, hoping shortly' to overtake the remainder of the party'. He had not indeed proceeded far when, as he rounded the crest of a hill, he descried at some distance ahead of him two figures who were bendiug over their wheels at the side of the road. As be came nearer be recognised Miss Milnor and Converse, and he would have passed 'them with, a simple nod oi recognition, for since their conversation regarding Converse Rose’s manner to Sutton had been decidedly distant; but to his surprise, it was Converse himself who called out to him— I say, Sutton,”’he shouted, “lend us a hand here, will you ? Miss Mil uor has punctured her tire, and I have left the most important part of my re pair kit at home.”' Sutton jumped off his wheel at one* but he looked inquiringly at Rose h< lore he examined her wheel. He fai cied she looked a trifle annoyed, pei imps at being obliged to accept a fai our at his hands, hut her tone wa comml enough as she simply said— I am glad y7ou have come.” He set to work at once to mend ith damaged tire, and they, were all thre quite silent during the operation. Whe it was finished Sutton raised his ha with grave politeness. “ I trust you will have no furthe trouble, Miss Milnor,” he said. “ An uow, since I can be of no further sei vice, I wall ride on ahead to inform th others that you are coming.” He was puzzled by a swift look c appeal m Rose’s eyes, which seemed t say : Do not leave me,” and for a me meat he hesitated, but hex- lips mui mured only, “Tbank you,” and h swung on to his wheel and started 01 The road inclined steeply upward from the point where the riders ha met, so that Sutton did not gain muc upon the other's, and when he reache the highest point of the road, whic swept downhill again, he heard thei voices behind him. Without looking back Sutton eoaste down the steep incline, and had r< gamed his pedals, ready for the nex ascent, when he heard his name shou ed behind him in Rose’s clear, rinj mg voice. He turned at once, and say hei springing from her wheel, whio was hall’-way down the .bill; her con pamon had disappeared, but in- anothe moment Sutton understood what ha happened. Converse’s wheel ha struck a stone in the middle of th road, and the rider had1 taken a heade into a shallow ditch, where he lay fac downward and quite motionless. Sutton reached the 'spot almost a soon as Miss Milnor, and his firs thought'' was of her. “ Do not be alarmed,” be said ; “ b i? jwy probably only stunned by th tall, and he tried to hide from he lastly wound1 in. the hea of the unconscious man as he raise him in his arms and carried him' int the shade of a tree on the side of th road.. Miss Milnor followed hir quietly. “ Does his heart heat ?” she asked iu a strained voice. He laid his head on Converse’s chest, and as he looked up with a reassuring nod she murmured, “ Thank God, lie Is not dead,” and then she added, " We must get him back to the hotel, where there is a doctor, you know.” Sutton was amazed a t her composure. “ You are quite right,” he said. “ He must be taken back—somehow.” And' then she reminded him that a short distance hack they had passed a farm waggon drawn up under the shade of a, tree while the driver indulged in an afternoon nap. “ I will wait here with Mr. Converse,”. she said, “ while you return and bring back the waggon.” “ You are not afraid to be left here ?” asked Sutton, doubtfully. “ Oh—no,” she assured him, “ only make haste—plea.se.” She was kneeling beside tbe wounded man, trying to -stanch the blood which flowed from the ugly wound on his liead. Her dress was covered with dark crimson stains, her hat had fallen off, and she was very pale, but as Sut ton still hesitated she looked up with a ghost of the old brilliant smile. ^1 am' braver than you think,” she said. “ Pleaso go ; every moment is precious.” . . When Sutton returned with 'the hind farmer and • his waggon he said quietly— “ I think it would he best for me to ride on ahead to the hotel and get tilings ready for your coming.” “ Decidedly,” she said emphatically. “ You can do nothing further here, much perhaps there.” They made her comfortable on the floor of the waggon with the wounded man lying beside tier, Iris head in her lap, and Sutton started off ahead over the. seven-mile stretch of lonely country road which lay between the scene of the accident and the hotel. When lie had made the necessary pre parations for tlie reception- of the wounded man, lie rode back to join the little party in the farmer's waggon. Converse was still unconscious when llie was carried into-the hotel, and after a very brief examination the surgeon reported that he was suffering from a compound fracture of the skull. It was necessary,' to perform the operation of trepanning without) delay, aud in the wounded man’s room the .preparations went quietly forward. Miss Milnor had removed her blood soaked garments and taken up her position near the door of the sick cham ber, a pale ghost of her former self, while Sutton strolled restlessly up aud down the terrace. He was trying hard to crush down the thought which kept rising in his mind, that it would he hot ter for Rose if Converse should never rally after the operation. “ She loves him ; I a.m sure of it now,” he groaned', “ and lie is so un worthy of her. I could give her up if it were for her happiness, but to see my darling married to a dishonourable man like Converse-” He felt a light touch on his arm, and turned in surprise to find1 Rose stand ing .beside Mm, pale and 'trembling. “ Oh, Mr. Sutton !” she said, speak ing in quick gasps, “ a dreadful tiling lias happened. By some mistake the ether used in the operation has given out. The surgeon’s work is only half done, and 'Mr. Converse is regaining consciousness. They must have more ether at once—I told them I knew you would go—to the dispensary near the station. Remember, liis life depends upon your quick return.” Before she had finished speaking, Sutton was flying down the road on his wheel with the prescription. The big office clock struck seven as he started, and the station was over a mile away. It was well that the rider did not have time to think lie was riding to save the life of the man wTho stood between him and ,the woman he loved, hut—she had asked him to- go—the life of the wound ed man was precious to her—and he sped on through the gathering twi light. ! Fortunately the doctor was at home, and Sutton handed him the prescription as he approached; in less than two minutes lie was speeding back again, and as he sprang off at the door of the hotel the. bands of the office clock painted at nine minutes past the hour. It was Rose who took the ether from his hand, whispering— “ I knew you would do it,” aud she hastened away to the scene of the grim ba ttle between science and death. Half an hour later the surgeon came ont of Converse’s room smiling en couragement, and Rose turned to: Sut ton with a long sigh of relief. They walked out together on the deserted terrace, and When they had walked a. little way in silence Rose suddenly paused and held out her hand with characteristic impetuosity. ‘ Will you forgive me ?” she faltered Sutton looked down upon her in sur prise. “ What have I to forgive ?” lie asked gently. “ Much,” she said, and when lie would have protested she shook her head. “ You must let mo explain” she sa:ci. “ When Mr. Converse first came here I liked him, and it vexed me that you apparently did not I thought that you were harsh in your judgment of him, and unfair in speaking of him as you did. But ”—she paused a moment, and Sutton wondered vaguely what was to follow—“ibis afternoon I dis covered that y ou were right Mr. Con verse did not aCt like a gentleman,” she shuddered1. “ Don’t ask me to ex plain, but his words and manner sur prised and repelled me, and when you joined us I was much relieved and— and glad.” Her voice sank almost to a whisper, and she covered her face with her hands, hut Sutton drew them gently away. “ Miss Milnor,” be began, “ Rose, do I understand that things are not—as I had thought between you and Mr. Con verse ?” “ I do not know what you though she said, aud a mischievous smile pk ed about the corners of her mouth. Rose, don’ t tease !” he pleaded. “ you really do not care for Conversi oh, Rose, look at me—is there—is the —any hope for me ?” His face was glowing with teuderne and hers was flushed with sudden s surrender. . “I think—perhaps—there is,” • s whispered. And the doctor, approae 'w'jtl1 news fmm the sick roo |tole softly back again, saying to hi “ Poor Converse ! unlucky day for him. This has been an 