PresbyterianxGeneral Assembly. « The thirty-fifth annual session of the Gañera 'Assembly bf the Presbyterian Church of Ney South-Wales was opened in St. Stephen's Church Phillip-street, Sydney, on the evening of May 8 The , retiring Moderator, the Rev. W. M. Dil Macky presided, and at the calling of the roi there were 74 ministers present and 57 elders 'A'fter delivering á short* address relating to th« -events which had transpired during his year o: office, and the present position of the church Mr. Macky conducted a brief service, in ,-the course o£ which he preached a sermon found ec on . Corinthians, ii.', 2-"For I determined noi to know anything among you save Jesus Christ and-Him crucified;" together with Colossians i. 27, 28-'*To whom God would make known whai is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentilês, which is Christ in you, the hope ol glory, whom we preach, warning every man and teaching every man in all wisdom, that we maj present every man perfect in Christ Jesus." Proceeding after the sermon to disposal of some preliminary matters, the Rev. Dr. Lang, the clerk, announced that the Rev. John Clark Mac donald, M.A., of Coonabarabran, had been unani mously nominated Moderator, which was con ' -firmed by the vote of the assembly, on the mo .tión of the derk, seconded by the Rey- John Bur gess, M.A. In vacating the chair, and address ing the new Moderator, ex-Moderator Dill Macky said: "I pray that "God's greatest blessing may descend upon you, and that your year of office may be as pleasant to you as it has been to me." The Moderator then addressed the assembly on the question, "What is the Church of Christi How is it constituted, and what is the work it has to do for mankind?" 'At .the close of the address the Assembly adjourned to 10 o'clock the following morning." , Second Day-May 9. From 10 to ll a.m. there was a celebration of the Lord's Supper, in which a large number of ministers and elders participated. Moderator Macdonald presiding. On resuming the'ordinary business at ll o'clock, the committees were, re ivised, and the business arrangements generally were presented by the committee of procedure. The Rev. Dr. Bruce presented, the report .of the Church and Manse Loan Building Fund. The total sum from the various sources of income had aggregated the sum of £2733 3s 3d, while the disbursements had been £1224 12s 9d, leaving a balance of^ £150S'10s 6d: Several serious de linquencies of trustees of the local funds to the loan fund were reported and considered by the assembly, and the following resolution "was adopted-"That a communication be sent from the committee to the centenary fund committee and commissioner, asking that special regard "be paid to the necessity-in cases of congregations in arrears to the- Church and Manse Fund-of making the liquidation of such debt a first claim on. their subscriptions to the Centenary Fund allocated for local purposes." The Rev. John Walker, the assembly's -com missioner for the> '.'Centenary Thanksgiving Fund,'.' presented the^ report of the. result of his visitation to a number of charges, specially in .the Metropolitan and New England districts, with the general result that about £20,000 had been subscribed. A long debate followed, when the .following deliverance was adopted, on. the motion of the Rev. John Walker: "Receive the report and express gratitude to Almighty God for the meas ure of succeea which has been 'attained in con uection with the Centenary Thanksgiving Fund scheme. , Express appreciation of the' action of the congregation of Woollahra in loyally bowing to the will of the general assembly, and agreeing to their minister undertaking the work of advanc ing and organising the fund throughout the col ony. Instruct the committee td- convey the thanks of the church to the Rev. Dr. Duff and- the Rev. Dr. Dykes, for their great kindness in undertak ing 'the duty of procuring supply for the Woollah ra pulpit:. Express to the Rev. i J. B. Meharry, 'B.A., the gratitude of .the church and the apprecia tion of his services in Woollahra and' to the church generally in agreeing to sever himself for so long a period from his important work in the Crouch-bill congregation, London. Renew the injunction to ministers and sessions to arrange for a special mission in each parish during the year .1Ö00;. and put forth special efforts for quiokening aud progress in all departments of church, work. ÎAgain enjoin ministers and offîcebearèrs tó" faith fully and earnestly further the success of this great church effort by every means in. their power. Resolve to. send a special cable to the Rev. Hugh .Black, of Edinburgh, from the general assembly direct, urging him to come to Australia to take Charge bf the Woollahra pulpit. And give to tho Centenary Fund committee power to add to their number." Mr. J. H. Goodlet seconded the adop tion of tho deliverance, which waa supported by !Mr. J. T. Walker, Mr. John Ross (Germanton), (the Rev..John Edwards, B.A. (New England), and !Mr. WillianuWood, and agreed to. Several com ¡mittees'were appointed; special thanks were pre sented to the Rev.' W. M. Dill-Macky for this valuable services during the year in strengthening the Landa of ministers and encouraging and helping congre gations. Mr. Macky having acknowledged tho appreciation of his work) the report of the Church hymnary committee was presented, and approved" and the committee was re-appointed. The As sembly next considered the petition of the Rev. James S. Paterson to be marte a beneficiary on the lAged and Infirm Ministers' Fund, which was gran-. ted. The Rev.' John Walker, the commissioner of the Thanksgiving Fund, presented a very en couraging report, which states that it is with great gratitude that the committee has realised I such abundant success. The details respecting I the charges visited are given in the report print- | ed in the white book, and the total amount given or promised up-to date hf^E 19,754 15s 2d from 1G24 subscribers. A lengthy deliverance was proposed by the commissioner, and second by Colonel Good let, and carried. The report of the board of the Lay Preachers' Association was also presented and received. The Assembly then adjourned to the following day. Third Day-May 10. The Assembly continued its business, the Mode rator being in the chair. A dispute having oc curred, which resulted te the Moderator, "as repre senting the church,. being threatened with dam ages' for £2000,á committee was appointed to con fer Avith the Rev. W. F.' Craigee, ; the claimant, - with the result that the matter was amicably settled. The report of the* Committee on inter cdurse*with other churches was'presented .by the clerk'('Alé Rey,. Dr. Laing).- It dealt with union, synods, commissions to other churches, and spe--" dally . with the question of union'with the other Presbyterian churches of Australia. The debate on ..this.^subject occupied much time, with, the result that clause IV. was made the basis of the discussion. ~ This clause reads as follows: "IV. Any. minority consisting of at least one-fifth of the congregations of the whole church, protest ing against a change of the basis of union, and de termining tb adhere to it; may retain their pro perty in their own churches, manses, and glebes, provided that in each of the congregations pro testing three-fifths of the members on the com munion roll declare; by a certified.document, and within three months after the adoption of thev proposal to' .change, that. they..cannot, acquiesce in it, but are resolved to continue their connection ?? with the church, adhering to the basis of union. " This, with several others, was finally adopted. In the evening the Thanksgiving Fund report again occupied the attention of the Assembly, a large attendance of the public also evincing the interest taken in the success of the fund. ' On the motion of Mr. John Cameron, seconded by Mr. J. T. Walk er, the following deliverances were, adopted, after, a long and spirited debate: "Receive the report. Thank the committee for its continued care and successful management of the affairs of the church. Ehjoin upon all congregations' to re cognise their obligations to the Assembly As-, sessment Fund and the Federal Assèmbly Fund, and congregations which are in arrears to make every effort to clear' them off. Authorise the com mittee to accept compositions.for arrears in cases where it deems it expedient to do" so« Authorise the. committee to continue the home mission ac count in overdraft up to £.4000, pending the amount being cleared off by, thè operations of tho Centenary Thanskgiying Fund. .Adopt the ratio in which the respective funds shall bear their proportion of the general expenses. Authorise the committee tb transfer to the credit of tho General Expenses . Fund the sum of 2"% per cent, on the income of all funds not included in the eight funds specially assessed for general ex penses; no levy to be made on donations for ca pital. Authorise the rate of Assembly assess ment at IVz per cent, on the ordinary income of each congregation, irrespective of the ámount of congregational revenue. Authorise the assess ment of 1Í4 per cent, on the stipends for 1899 for the Federal Assembly Fund.'.' Much other general business was 'included in the programme for ihe-day, the Assembly adjourning at a late* hour to the followings day. . ; - Fourth Day-May ll. -, ?. . . - . The first session of the day commenced at 10 . a.m., the-Moderator (Rev. J. C. Macdonald; M.A.) ' being in the chair. The report of the Sustenta tion Fund was brought before the assembly by Mr. John Kirkland, and showed a steady advance in the stipend fund of the church. "The previous -year there was an increase of £531;6s 6d, -as com pared with 1897; last year there was an increase of £1115 17s 5a, as contrasted with 1898. The number of charges in frill opsration throughout the year has been 321, and the total amount paid, in stipends,, including supplements, was £30,086, au average of £248 13s, which, if the annual ren tal value of manses, as assessed by the assembly, were added, the average would be brought up to £277 10s ld per minister, against £263 11s 6d last year. The report was received by the as sembly. The committee on union with other chur I ches then went into committee, and resumed the j consideration in detail of clause iv., which >had ; been,' with others, carried on the previous day, a3 the basis. A long discussi/on took place, the Rev.. John ( Auld, M.A., insisting that "if in the face of a 40 per oent. minority the church was going tq formulate a new creed, there should be some pro vision for, ,'a drag,' such as that*" in clause iv." The Rev. J. Meiklejohn and Dr. Rentbul from Vic toria took par.t. Dr. M'Innes and those who thought as he does in New South Wales regarded the attempt to carry clause iv. as forging fetters, binding those who were to come in the future, and forgetting^'that the Holy Ghost would be alive in. the future, and as powerful then as now." Arftet a long debate, the vote was taken, with the re sult that the' amendment was .rejected by 60 votes to 35. . The Rev. G. D. Buchanan then gave no tice that he would move that clause iii. and v. be deleted. Progress wa3 r&ported;, and leave given to_sit again. The Home Mission commit tee was then elected, which concluded the busi ness of the morning. In the evening Nambucca ccngregaition was received-as a charge, with Mr. W. H. Marshall as its pastor. Reports were re ceived through Principal Kinross respecting St. Andrew's College, Coerwull Academy, the Ladies' College (Croydon),and the Scots' College-all of which were received. In the evening the Home Mission meeting was held, the Rev. John Auld, M.A., the convenor, presenting the report. There was a very large attendance of tb© general public, and great enthusiasm was evinced respecting Home Missions.- Among the speakers was the Rev. J. B. Meharry, who was very warmly re ceived. The deliverance submitted by the com mittee was adopted by the assembly.which rose at a late hour of the evening; adjourning to the fol lowing day. Fifth Day-May 12. The sittings of the general assembly were re sumed on Saturday morning, the Moderator pre siding. The resumption of the debate on the federal union scheme was again deferred to Tues day morning, in order to enable the ministers" who had gone to the country for the Sabbath to get back and take part in the debate. Professor Harper, of Melbourne, who had just returned from Brisbane on his way home, was also invited ; to address the a/ssemWy on the subject on Tues day. The Rey, John Burgess, M.A.,- submitted the .report of the committee of the Aged and" In firm Ministers' Fund, which showed that th^e capi tal had been increased sincé the last assembly by the amount of. £355, now stands at £12,482. À long deliverance was presented, pnd, with amendments, * was adopted. The ministerial transfer committee's report was presented by the Rev. G. D. Buchanan, and the scheme submitted was ordered to be sent down to the Presbyteries. With other things, it was recommended/ that an j advisory board be appointed, to consist of four ministers and four elders. The assembly ad journed at the close of the morning session to Monday evening. Sunday was set apart as the "Assembly Sunday," and a general interchange of pulpits took place ia the city and suburbs. The Revs. J. B. Meharry and R. Scott West preached the official sermons at St. Stephen's-Church, and Professor Harper preached morning and evening . at Ashfield. _? . - 