LADIES' GOSSi The Queen usually includes in the wed ding present made to: any bride of the Royal Family, a length of "Royal Stuart" tartan.. The Queen of the Netherlands is an en thusiastic amateur gardener, and owns a miniature greenhouse, which she manages entirely by herself This is within a few minutes' walk of the palace, and she visits it daily, no matter what the weather. Once she remarked to a friend, "Here, among my flower-pots, I can forget that I am a Queen." The Queen of Roumania, "Carmen Sylva," is so passionately fond of flowers that she is positively unable to rest happily in a room where there are no blossoms. As to writing without the neighborhood of flowers, that she has declared to be quite out of the question. Nearly all her literary works have been composed out of doors, in a roofless room, built of reeds and surrounded by a hedge of rose bushes, in the hollows of which are cunningly con cealed cages full of singing birds. The floor is ot mossy turf. In one corner a tiny fountain pours forth , perfumed waters; in another swings ? a luxurious silken hammock, in whicJh the Queen can rest and dream. Her seat is a mossy bank, her desk a lichened stone, carved into the shape of a writing-table. The Duchess of Marlborough has for motor-car riding, which is often chilly work, a costume, of soft kid, with raised seams sewn with' brown, and the skirt bound "with brown leather. Both the duke and the duchess are exceedingly fond of the new and fashionable pastime. Lady Sophia Cecil, who has recently celebrated her ninetieth birthday, is one of the few people who can remember the Battle of Waterloo. . A daughter of the Duke of Richmond, she was a childish spectator-peeping over the banisters it may be-of the famous ball given by her mother at Brussels on the eve of the battle. On the day that she became a nonagenarian she received an illuminated address, signed by her many friends, among them being the present Duke of Richmond, Lord de Ros, and Sir Charles Peel, who sent a wreath of roses tied with a broad white ribbon," bearing the dates 1809 and 18S9. What a number of re markable people, by the way, were. born in 1809-Mr. Gladstone, Lord Tennyson, and Oliver Wendell Holmes, to name no others! When Madame Melba was recently at Dundee it was alleged by some of the local wiseacres that the distinguished vocalist was born in the vicinity!of the city. It was said that her real name was Mitchell, and that her father and mother, with seve ral young children, emigrated from Scot land when she was a little girl. Madame Melba declares that her father's name is not Mitchell, that her mother was a Span iard, that she was born at a placc near Melbourne, in Australia, ? and that she was never an emigrant from Dundee. Thac^ ought to settle the matter. Several ladies have been mentioned at different times as being the possessors of the most costly pearl necklace, but the distinction may be fairly claimed' by the Countess Henclce'l, a lady who is;well known in London and Paris society. Her necklace is valued at £50,000, and is com posed of three historical necklaces. One of them is the famous necklace once owned by the Empress Eugenie, which was sold for £20,000; the second was once the property of a Spanish grandee, and was valued at £12,000; while the third at one timeVbc longed to the ex-Queen of Naples. Although 70 years of age, Mrs. Deeble, who in the Zulu war commanded the con tingent of the Army Nursing Service, has recently volunteered for active duties in the Transvaal. The Central Red Cross Committee, however, whilst thanking her for her offer, . felt that it would not be fair to ask so much of her. Mrs. Deeble, who retired into private life some. 10 years ago, has received from the Queen the Order of the Royal Red Cross. It is said of Madame Eames, the famous prima donna, that if she were to accede to every request made to her to sing at charity entertainments her time would be so occupied that she] would never be able to earn a penny for herself. Miss Goodrich Freer, whose, book on the haunting of Ballechin House, Fifeshire, written m collaboration with the Marquess of Bute, has created such a sensation, has a reputation as a writer and speaker on ghosts, clairvoyance, and other uncanny subjects, much of her work in this direc tion having 'been done under the pseu donym of "Miss X." It may, be added that Miss Freer herself:, who is a member of an old Highland family, lays claim to the faculty of second sight. The small-minded woman gives great im portance to little matters (says "Woman's Life"), and has a way of dressing up insig nificance in an obtrusive garb till after a time she begins to seriously believe it is as important as she has made it appear. When she arrives at that stage her mental state is a misery, not only to herself, but to other people. She may be an energetic, economical housewife, and a loving wife, and mother, but for all that the home over which she presides will be almost unbear able, so trifling will be the mental and spiritual atmosphere ^he has created there. Duty by her is not merely faced, but be comes an instrument of torture, and thfc work and service of daily life, which might be done cheerfully, is made a .heavy task to herself and others by 'her slavish devotion to unimportant details Even large- minded women lose their sense of- proportion when they are overworked and exhausted, physi cally and mentally, and decline to take pro per rest and recreation. If only home makers would realise the - importance of even a half- hour's absolute rest in the day, what a difference it would make to the inmrriness of life. I think of marriage, writes Sarah Grand, as I think .of life; it is pretty much-what ?people choose to make it. It does not fail when husband and wife have good prin ciples, and live up to them; and srood man ners in private as well as in public-not to mention high ideals. When we are not happy in the intimate relations of life it is generally for some trivial reason-as often as not 'because we don't take the trou ble to make ourselves agreeable as because we fail in other duties. I consider it a duty to be agreeable'. Marriage is the state rlpvolcs +lV,o nohlnst dualities, and that is why happily-married people are the best worth knowing, the most delightful to live amongst : Japan has its communities of silent fe male recluses in common with European nrnintrip*. is such a communitv at * place called Yunakawa. A matron of some fifty years presides, and her instructions are implicitly obeyed. The women are all young, ranging from 16 to 27, and some of them are described as very beautiful. The building stands in a farm of some 250 acres, but the women do not engage in any agri cultural work. They spend most of their time indoors reading religious works, and they appear to observe a strict rule of si lence. At one time or another one hears of some very curious fads and _ pastimes in whirl1 Roviltv indulge. hut it is enfe to say that there are not many august per sonages who" have a passion for trick cir riding. Queen Henrietta, of Belgium, however, in spite of the, fact that she is not so young as she was once, occupies most of her snare time in this curious manner, says "Woman's Life." Not so long ago she gave, in the riding-school of tho TCnvnl nalsir*e ft T^ro^els. ,i pemi-Tmblir. performance, in which she and her daugh ter, Clementine, put their horses through all kinds of trick riding with the skill of professionals. At the conclusion of the nerformance her Majesty jumped a pet horse over a dinner-table covered with I flowers and lighted' candelabra, besides | driving a team of twenty-in-hand mounted on her favorite horse. .No matter how busy one mav be, it is quite possible alwavs to attend to one's toilet at night. One should not simpb' drop her clothes and tumble into bed, else neither one's self nor the clothps will look attractive in the morning. Have plenty of hot water and a dash of eau de Cologne, and give your face a thorough laving. The result will be as refreshing as an hour's sleeD« Brush the'air for 20 minutes. . It will be glossier and thicker for the trouble, and your nerves will be soothed by thq' pro cess. Then, after the exercise, robe your-; self in a warm dressing-gown, and drink a glass of hot milk, weak cocoa, or even hot water, eating a biscuit or bit of toast if you like. When the small supper is finished you will be ready to go to sleep \- without any insomnia cu. and in the morning you will waken refreshed : and thoroughly in good humor with yourself and the world. . It is no unusual thing for women pastors in America to have full power to perform the marriage service. The first to officiate there with State permission was Mrs. (Rev.) Ellen Kinkle, of the Brethren Church, Cleveland, in 1892. , Some Parisian actresses wear paper lace, which by night looks as beautiful and delicate as real lace, while it costs but a trifle. '4 