AHDREE AGAIN. Dr. Andree, the missing explorer of the Arc tic regions, bids fair to emulate our own explorer, Ludwig Leichhardt — not only in the mystery ex isting as regards his last resting-place, but also in the many conflicting tales that keep coming in concerning the finding of his remains, and the particulars of his death. The ghost of .unfortu nate Leichhardt is welj known to the generality of Australians as the most unquiet shadfe that ever retroubled the earth. His relics are peri odically reported as being found, now at one end of the continent, now at the other. The dis^ coveries of Andree's remains embrace even a wider scope. The first report of the finding of a balloon — subsequently proved to be a hoax — came from the Ob River, in Siberia, now comes a story from a nearly corresponding spot on the opposite side of the globe. The Bishop of Moosonee (Canada) states that the Eskimos re port that two men descended from a ballooiii and were murdered by the natives. The Bishop, it is said, believes this report to be true. There may be. something in this tale, as it is unlikely that the Eskimos of that part would know anything of such a form of conveyance as a balloon; so that even a man. amongst them with rare and excep tional imagination could not well invent the yarn. If is is true, then Andree accomplished part of his project before death. The line of route indicated by this report would be a considerable distance off the Pole. In fact, as far as polar discovery was concerned, it would follow well explored limits, but at any rate it would prove the feasibility of Andree's notion. If the Bishop of Moosonee, who should be able to judge of the credibility of native rumors, sees evidence of truth in the story, the matter is likely to be soon investigated. Even if the explorers have been murdered as' reported, the diaries and scientific notes might be recovered, and form data for ano ther and more successful attempt. If Andrea really reached Canada, there will be scores of eager spirits to be found to follow in his path. 