\- . I Soma Parliamentary Humour. A notable example of the. hunjor otts aspect oj Parliament is afforded by Mr. Chamberlain, who has a gfoat fondness for the -writingsiof • Charles J!)iokcns, aud-often introduces quota tioas—from litem into his speeches. Mr. John-.Bri^hi- had on one occasion (says a writerin ihe l/ond&n; Sim) jnsfc resumed 'his seat* after duo of hjs | doqoent orations, and Mr. Chatnber [iain/was thenext speaker. Her com \Wn<»d bis;remarks with aa,extract ^•from his favourite authoriw- As the i red-nosed man in • Pickwick' i f aid ."But he got no farther; i the contrast with Briglit's serious i words, delivered, with their customary \ setting; of Scriptural quotation, was >:more than the House's senseV of i humour could stand. Laughter broke out in terrific volumes from all parts, and the extrwct from * Pickwick' in | its entirety, did not adorn that par ; tienlar speech of the Colonial Secre tary* ' ' . ' The hat plays a very important part, in Parliament, and many of "the | humours of the house are enacted round that article of dress. The i members wear their hats when seated, but move them when addressing thfe assembly. Upon a historic occasion, William Ewart, the member for. Liverpool, was speaking, and on the bench just below him sat Joseph Hume, a-Radical with a most solemn aspect. He wore a hat. with a broad brim, and apparently too large for his head. "Ewart got warmed to bis work, and. by way of emphasis brought his fistdown with a crushing blow upon Hume's hat, which in stantly completely enveloped the features of that gentleman. Members had been following the speech with rapt attention, but this disaster was too much for them, and. their laughter was long and load, and brought the oration to an abrupt conclusion. The Gaulois vouches for the ac curacy of the following ghost story. Three gentlemen" were walking and chatting along the Bois de Boulogne, when^uddenly one of them, overcome by a mysterious influence, stopped short and ceased talking. • Over his senses a cloud descended. The scene of the Bois went from before his eyes, the sound of his friends' voices from his ears. Only was he conscious of being in the midst of a vast and barren place, upon which there slowly appeared a coffin, in which lay hia. sister, dead. » The vision fuded from his mind, and lie recovered consciousness to findhis friends staring at him in alarm, while he was shaking as though with cold. Alarmed,. he hastened to the tele graph office and wired to inquire the state of his sister's health. She was some 3,000 miles from Paris, and when the reply came to liis telegram it stated that she had died the' very moment he was—as the message oddly pats it — " seized with the vision." 