City folks often winder how the many thousands of roaming swaggies Snanage ito exist and procure their three mieals/a day and other stomach furniture: .They have reason to wonder, (especially since one so ofiten hears the Jannouncement that 'all (the squatters jhave stopped giving rations to trav elers.' Of course a lot of citations have *that practice, more particularly ithe in land runs. Still Bill and Jim manage to live and get "their tucker-bags filled All thesamie. On staltions wherie no free rattjpns aiie dealt out at <the stores, Pro yjMlence-feood old Providence wifch a large P-comes to ithe rescue in the shape of a generous cook and butcher, *>r boundary ridler. But , even if Provi dence aforesaid were to fail, the real battle. would live <then. You see, it all depends upon the way and manner in Which you ask for tucker. - The ordin ary, common swaggie, who lacks orig inality, does (the trick in this fashion, <and often goes shont: * 'Day boss. . Any chance of a Job?' "No.* 'Chance of get ting bit o* tucker?' 'No,' says ithe boss, and swaggie walks on with the same long toecks OIL his bags. The real grad uated toea and sugar batotler goes about it in a different manner, and scores off the same boss. He cunningly engages the rijerino-yaiser in a conversation, and gradually leads up to the tucker Question. If refused at first he doesn't (go, buit sticks ito his prey until the desired flour and tea and sugar comes fourth. I've heard of a eunning swag gie who went up to a cockey's place, (and Poked the missus : 'Could yer spare us n drink of waitier; I'm so hingiy, and gat nowhere to sleep.' An other gipni of the swag carried a huge junk of dried cow dung about, and used to ask storekeepers for a "bit of salt; I haven't had a m^eal since the day be fore yesterday, and this stuff is awful "without a bit cf salt.' - Of course, no one with any sense of humor could Re fuse those gents. Some of the older jrvrnts on the triack had, and still have, an idea fthaifc squatters are compelled by A.ct of ^Parliament to givie nations They think that it isa clause in their lease agrteemonts. These wrongly in formed old fellows demand tucker, and rnort severely and threaten the unfor tunate pastoralists with the law, and Hie Minister for X*ands, and other fatal weapons, when refused^ Such an old stager once wenit two miles oiit of his 1)ea*. tr» an out-stpftion, where he was refused tucker and assistance of any kind. The old chappie got intp a ter rible fury, and finished a string of forceful, crimson slanguage with : "Why the'devtldon't you advertise In the papers, and put up a notice oh the cross-road that yer don'<t give rations, Wad o* Ie*»d'"ncr honest people off their beats and makin' 'em "walk four rail^s for nothing?' I aswe with the old gent, people have a right to put a standing ad. in the local paper - How would thfs look : NOTICE T THE; UNDERSIGNED, Tommy Fiourbag, herewith beg to inform all Travellers tthaft I deeply regret be ing unable, on account of the drought, failure of crops, ticks and fluke, and other unforeseen circumstances, to give fafctons. , ? * * * Since the Governors were out I've Wondered whiether those two black out laws were really the gents who brofee those huts in search of tue ker. Somehow I h&vte; a snsnfefon (Chat some of n^yIf n i trr while the blacks wtene out, and did a bit of tea and sugar burglaring on the strength of the Governors. By the way, a New South Wales s waggle tells me that the pfeople up Mudgee way have larrangd a finte programme of sacred and secular music for a concert ana banquet, in honor of "the Governors' re turn to that district. Since Jimmy has been caught these innocent country fo^ks shan'tBreelong now to get off the celebration. Here is a copy of the pro gramme my swag friend from sunny New South Wales carried about. The concert, by (the way, is to be held in the Crowie Mountain Cave, Wollar : PROGRAMME! : 1- Duet, 'Can't Stop,' Jim and ghost of Joe Governor. 2\. Solo,'Hard Luck,' Jacky Underwood 3- Duct, 'Home to Our Moritains,' Gov ernor Brothers. 4\. Ballad, 'Write Mte a I/etter, Love,' Ethel Governor. 5\. Duet, "Ob, What a Time We're Hav ing," Jim and the Ghost. 6\. Comic Song, *Ldt 'em All Come,' .Tim Governor. 7\. Ballad, 'Just Tell Them that You Saw Me,' Joe's ghost. 8\. Comic Song, 'I'm the Daddy of a \- TAttle Black Coon,' James Gover nor. Elfce., etc. The Governors will be as sisted by the celebrated band of the New South Wales police force, as well as local amaoiteurs trackiers, kangaroo shooters and other civilians. The Mud gee Postmaster, who is down for a bal lad, will sing 'The Lay of the Last t,angshaii,* by special Request of Mad lamte Governor. The whole will con clude w&h; the side-splitting farce, <In*iocent6 Abroad.' * # * * * Just to givte you an idea how drought strlclaen our Western land can get at times, at a far Western township re cently a clergyman was desired to bap tise a young bush Australian, but ow ing to the scarcity of waiter this was not alope nriprnctible but impossible. The clergS^man was, as. can be imag ined. in a very dry hole. As( usual on occasions that require ingenuity, a learned swagman came to the rescue, and saved the infant from becoming a heathen, Th'e timely bagman sngppst ied that ^according to an article on bap tism by Professor C. Hodge sand could be used for the same purpose, without in any way breaking th'e eti quette of Christianity. In support of Ws dusty recommendation, he unrolled hlsswag, and duly produced the sandy article aforesaid. His hint was ac cepted accordingly, and amidst, laugh ter and the protestations of a few hairy Presbyterians the company took a shorf cut to a «snd hill close by, and, having scooped but a snug little hole for the infant, the bush parson covered hire child -vfth sand for a few seconds pnd.then in a solemn and sacred deep basso-profundo tone of voice, as befits Jfche occasion. duly pronounced the lusty young gum-sacTcflr 'a child of God and an inheritor of the Kingdom of Hea ven That swaggie undoubtedly be Ihtowed a ^tremendous: bfessing upon that infant, for had he not thought in time of .Professrd C. Hodge, and his article on baptisms, thte unfortunate haby might have missed it's baptismal Tans and died before receiving the nhove rite. Considering that the learn **d fwaggle got run in the same night -for Jjemg beastly dramk and disorderly, h£ appears io have been amply re warded for his blessed and timely sug i 96h6B? rv v . - 'Did you ever sit down at a. table where (there was just thirteen V asked Bill Mayne of a broken-down toff fel low we'd p'cked upland whom we couldnU io£t. 'Yes, once/ said our un desirable travelling companion. 'Did _a.ny bad luck follow?" asked Bill. "Well -haw-yes. Bad luck for recst of . vhem.' *Did any of them die?' I asked, -getting interested. 'I'm very supersti t!<?ious ntjsell.' 'No. not that I know of, slowly drawled our seen-better days mar, helping himself to. Bill's to bacco and my maltcbfes, 'What was up: itjien?' inquired Bill, 'wasn't ithere enough t'.'ckier to go round?' Tucker Is William's firdt thoughft. Shortness of tucker means to him a frightful cal amity. ' >Vho'3 talking about tucker,' sneered our friend. There wasn't any tucker!' "I thought you said you sat down to a table whtene there wtere thirteen persons,' snapped Bill. *Yes. that's wha!t I said, but the table was in !a lawyer's office. I had been running a (grocery business in a country town, living credit 4o travelling shearers and other bushmen had bustied up my show, and lit wof a meelting of my creditors There were twelve of *thfem. and I made the unlucky thirteenth !' There was a long pause "then. The seen-bet 'ter- iaj's swaggi*1 slowly blew clouds of Bill's tobacco into the thick air, while Bill thought deeply, and after a while broke the silence with: "If it's a fair question/ In what way did the meeting prove unlucky ?"Xonei of 'em ever -got a felar.ky cent out of me,' answered the man with the worn baggy panits sadly, At the same time heaving a deep sigh of regret or remorse, I'm not sure which. My old mafte Bill Mayne and him became great friends after thait. and if I don't watch he'll cut me out rf Bill's society altogether. * * * # .* I've known locusts to be so thick in the RIverina district that they ac tually stopped the train from running. The thousands of dead Insedts bad so jgrteasfed the rails tthalt the engines came to a dead halt, and couldn't be coaxed forward until the rails ahead had been cleared. The tenderness of the iron horse for his small, helpless fellow creatures is, you must admiit. a most rare and beautiful quality. I* reminds me of an attempt at suicide I once had the pleasure of witnessing in a Western town, where the railway had not long made it's appearance. As 4W? train was moving slowly through, the small town, a young man rushed wildlv from a house, followed by a shrieking young"woman, and flung him j^lf across the railroad. The young girl was paralysed with terror, and stood fixed to the spot, making thfe air trem ble with yells and screams. Suddenly the engine stopped dead, and despite the efforts of the driver, who I learned afterwards knew the young man and ?was also in love with the shrieking yonng girl, the engine would not budge an inch. The desperatte and^cunning young bushwhacker had learned a les son from the grasshoppers, and care fully itaben the precaution to oil tHe rails. TTis motive for the- melodrama tic ^xhibiion, was to find ou)t whether the girl loved him, and how much so. Oil is too sl'Puery, and might slip a fellow up, and stop him carrying his swag any funthter. ? * * * * . Talking about suicide. A man, I am told, went into Parliament House, Brisbane, recently and deliberately at tempted (to cut- his throa/t wilth a blunt razor. To try on throalt-cu&ting; with a blunt razor is a foolish <thing to do, aad I advise intending self-destroyers to have itheir razors looked to by a duly qualified barber before trying-such games. I also beg to remind this un successful suicide tthart the building he attempted to defile with his. gore is not for the use of private individuals. It is only the public throat of the -coun try thait is usually cult in Parliament House. There now ! ? * * * # Even the very latest and mo& up-to date and practical inventions cannot wipe oiifc some of llhe good o!d< style 'methods. An old cockey of the old school made this very plain the other day. His wife wanited some tacks, and he went into the township to the store keeper to buy a package of them. The shopkeeper had got tired of keeping the flies off. his face, and the ch'eege, fend thought he had found an opportun Sty for a bifcoffun. "with the inoSenfii ve simple old cultivator of wheatiand caterpillars. I'll 'tiell you what; yeu .want,' he said, with a canning grin on his brainltess vacantfaee. *You want a bicycle to ride round your " selection on. It'll save you time and money. They're cheap now, dint cheap aft £15' The weatherbeaten old eockey scratch ed his tieadand slowly drawled r'l'd 'rather, put the money into a cow, don't yer-siee!' 'Bu)t just think,'- said the counter-jumper, 'jusSfc think how; funny you'd look riding round town- on a cow!' 'Well,' said the cockey, scinch ing his head some more, and giying the lanky shopkeeper a disgustiedlook of contempt, 'perhaps I shouldn't look Much more foolish than I should milking a bicycle.' That young man will be more careful in the future, and rtemember the old maxim about ihe book and the covter. The orders for the Northern Military District (Major Hooper, Commanding Officer) notify the following appoint ments :-A. M. Draper is ap pointed President of the Mossman Rifle Club; John Downie is appointed President of the Eton Rifle Club; Will iam Henry Corfield is appointed President of the Winton Rifle Club; William Paton is appointed Presi dent of the Golden Gate Rifle Club; C. A. Collard is appointed Presi dent of the Ayr Rifle Club; Robert Gib bons is appoinited President of the Millchester Rifle Club; James Mar* tin is appointed President of the Cairns Rifle Club. The formation.-of a Rif o Club at Mulgrave to be known, and designated as 'The Mulgrave Rifle Club* has been approved. The following pro motions are mentioned for information -Arthur Oakey is appointed to be, pro visionally, a .Lieutenant In Jthe Q.D.F. (Land) to take effect from 14th June, 1900\. Acting Lieutenants B. M. Hart, F- T. Willmet, P. O. Steel, A. F. Isle*y. K. O. Mackenzie and M. J. Whiifty, are appointed to be Lieutenants in the Q. D.F. (Land) from 28th July, 1900. The regular monthly meeting ofth^ Charters Towers Gun Club was held at the Queen's Hotel, Gill Street, on Wed nesday evening last, the 7th inst., alt 8 p.m., when there were present: Mr James Carroll ( Vice-Presiderit) in the chair, with Messrs L. G. Pitt, G. Webb, W. Hollingsworth, J Hewitt, T. Brown, |A. Ross, J. R. Russell, R. Nunh, A. Jenkin, O. Edwards, J. W, Imi kin, J. Jones and the secretary, T. Hoolihan. The minutes of the previous monthly meeting were read over and confirmed accordingly. The inward correspond ence, which consisted of & letter from the manager of Powlathanga Lake Sta tion, was read and received. The pro gramme committee's report and draft programme as submitted to the meeting was received and adoptied. Accounts amounting to the sum of £5 12/6 were passed for payment. The secretary, re ported that thte.club had on hand about 120 pigieons towards the next shoot, with a promise of sixty more to come in within the next few days. Messrs L. R. Beck and J. W. Jenkin werte appointed to act as joint handicappers for the coming shooting events. Mr J. W. Jenkin was (elected to act as sole umpire for the meeting. It was decided that the next competition be held at the Racecourse on Thursday, the 22nd, instant, commencing at 2 p.m. Three new members were elected. - The dafjes {or receiving and closing-of nomina tions were arranged. Thte Chairman it* reporting the result of thte Interview of the deputation appointed .from the Club at the last meeting to wait on the Chairman of ihe Dalrymple Divis ional Board with reference to the fenc ing in of the back road leading to the Reedy and other lakep in the locality, said they were advised that the road in Question was not a public road, and on that account nothing could be done in 'the matter unless it was proclaimed as . such by the Government. It was suggested that a sketch plan of the route be procured and that it be for warded on to the Divisional Board ac companied by a Mter requesting that they take action, in the matter. The Chairman thought that a sketch plan of the road could be procured at a cost of aboiit one) guinea. Mr J. W, Jenkin thought it would not be worth white going to the expense of getting a; plan of thej Irotfte prepared as suggiestied, He promised to interview Mr Marks at the earliest opportunity,_and see if some satisfactory arrangement could be made in the matter. A few other minor mat ters having been attended to the meet ing closed at 9 p.m. - 