The Sentry on flic Lire- buoy. Bv Walteb Wood, in Strand Hagazuu. The last troop-train drew tip at the little platform, and tlie men got out of the tare compartments. It was a mere detail of a train — a small tank-engine with a couple of carnages, for it was only i-unning alongside with, a-draft of infantry. In front of the troops was a great shc<l, and through the doorways some of them could see the. trans port, ready for getting into the river. The men were marched into the shed, and fell ravenously upon their breakfast, although it was now noon. The meal over, They seized their kits and rifles and filed up the steep gangway. As the last section marched out of the shed a wild-eyed man pushed in between two of the privates and hurried up with them. In his eagerness to get i on board he stumbled, and saved himself from falling by snatching, at tiie man in front. The soldier's j khaki helmet was knocked off; ! he himself was dragged "back- ; ward, and his rifle fell from his , hand as he clutched the gangway's j side to save himself. The soldier ! rescued his helmet and rifle, and : then turned savagely round to .say ! what he thought He was a feroci- j ous fellow outwardly, and would j have crushed the. offender with a look. He expected to find that the ; wrong-doer was a comrade, and had prepared, his speech accord ingly ; when he saw. a poor, mean, ill-clad, hungry-looking civilian." his heart melted, and he kept silence. ' Sorry, matey.' said tlie stranger ; ' hut Xin a fireman en this steamer, and I'm in a split to get below, or they'll sack me. That's why I umi bled over you. A fellow has to rush to make a livin' nowadays.' It's all right,' said the soldier, appeased ; hut you'll jerk your neck out of joint if you run upstairs like that. Clutch ine an' clutch my body, but let my rifle an' 'elinet alone in future ; an' don't you shove in between us like that — it isn't military. As for you bein' a fire man — well, you may be, but I thought they wore blue uniforms an' brass 'elmets.' The soldier was a recruit from the country, and his knowledge of steamers and of those that go down to the sea in them was slight He stepped on the deck as he finished speaking, and. the wild- eyed man stepped also. Tlie soldier's boots made a heavy sound, but the . fireman's thin shoes were noiseless, and as he ran along the deck he made only a soft patter. ' t The soldier stared after him for an instant. ' I shall know that face again,' he muttered. ' It'll liaunt me. He may be honest, but he looks as if he'd donejnurder,an' had the hangman at his heels. Poor devil 1 I suppose that mean little bundle's all thfe property he has in the world. My kit's fat, compared to that.' For the present - he forgot the fireman in attending to his own duties. There was his helmet to put in the liclmet-rooni, his rifle to place in the armoury, his kit to stow away for the voyage and a dozen odd things to "do before be could hurry on deck to take a last look ai the people on the quays. He cast a curious eye round the troop- deck, with its guard-room and its cell, the last of which he liked so little that he there and then re- sulved that he would never be its occupant ; sauntered along the horse-deck, peeped into the troop- galley, and wondered how, in so small a place, cooking was done for so many men ; patted the ' noses' of a few of the horses, and assured them that he would fed worse than they did when the open sea was reached ; marvelled where tho water came from the drinkipg-1 laps, and generally for all how a ship built of steel and liaving floors of concrete like this could by any possibility float When the soldier, by surname Crook, got on deck again, wearing throe shades of khaki on . his body and a deep blue Tam-o'-shanter on' his head, the transport had moved from the quay and the men -were: I shouting farewell to the people ashore, some of whom were waving handkerchiefs, arid some holding babies up to let' their fathers see thorn. He thanked God that- no one was saying- farewell to him, and that it could not matter to any relative whether he came back from the war or stayed, -because he had no relatives aKve; that ."he '.knew, about or cared for in the leash . y'. He smoked his .pipe placidly, and I watched with interest —as, 'stem I first, the transport got ;<mt of the; dock into the Thames, and hejd his I place until the bows -vrere- pqimtr. I big down theriver andthe ip waS I sailing for the Cape. her qwn sfrop I bellowing, and thefcunebmng taken I up by every neighbouring rteamer; I large and smalL I Tlie transport/ I funnelcd twj>-mauBtedhwm%(9«w, churned her way down ifeJOjigme dropped the open sea. , : I On the "night of idhei'Skfijiife out Crook was of the stem from an inland townjland waSjf!|ll too curious about the I her build and fittings I time drag wearily, I had been perfectly, I had been I privately I -did not existwhiteh I -a great | To him the "l£ f I ' "'ijT forlightii, refresha jjd keep- i ing afloat, any -man of woman m the sea uho epuld get hold of it, was a fearaomeinvenfcion, and he brought all "his intelligence to bear to understand "it. The bright stars, the clear night air, the rush' 'of' the air past . him, - sharpened his per-, ception, ' but the puzzle "was be- yond liis solving, and with a-baffled agh he turned away, looked astern at the long, broad, white wake which showed dimly in the dark-i ness, and fell to wondering hw the ship was pushed along like tha t ' It's a queer thing altogether,' he muttered. 'But after all, this life buoy is the- queerest. I' wonder .what sort of dnnk it "is that's in the bottle. .By. George — what a thing it iid be if some dark night the sentry uncorked it on. the sly. 'an' drank the stuff Halloa ! Who's that?' Instinctively .he swung round and ported anna J 'It's all right, matey,' said a hoarse voice. 'It's only me.' ' An' who are you ? ' demanded Crook. i ' The fireman that came up the I gangway when you did. I'm | sweltered below, an' I've just come j up for a breath of air.' | 'You'll have to go somewhere else to breathe,9 answared Crook. ' You | can't come here, an' yoU ought to , i know "it. You're a member of the. | crew, aren't you ?' j 'Yes ; but I might as well be a I dog. You don't know what bein' a fireman is on board ship.' Come, get duto' this— you can't stay here. The .officers '11 be up directly from their dinner, and I wouldn't be myself for something if Fm caught' talking to you.' ' But I'm choking',' said the fire man. ' I can't breathe - anywhere, but 'ere. When you've got five hundred horses an' five hundred men on board a ship like this you've got to do things that aren't quite accord in' to orders. Besides, they're not so strict as they - were at first, an a hired' transport like : this isn't to be compared with one o' the crack mail-boats out of o' South ampton. I tell you I know, for I've run this trip two or three times since the war began. I've (hum med with a lot o' your chaps who'll never see England again.' The fireman became a fascinating person to the sentry. For the pre sent Crook allowed his orders to remain in abeyance. He wanted to talk with the fireman and learn things from him, so lie looked sharply along the deck, and, seeing no one about, he said, 'Look here, Fll chat a bit with you, because we're alone, 1 but as soon as a soul appears, off you go, or I'll stick. you.' ' It isn't as if I didn't belong to the ship,' whined the fireman. " You see, I'm a member of the crew, rigned on, an' all that sort of thing. I think Til 'list when I land this time.' ' They may take jtou in the Muck Train,'' said Crook, 'but not anywhere else.' "bu aren't built for-asoldier, from what I've seen o' you. But what the deuce are you shiverin' so for f 'It's the bitter cold,' said tbe fireman. 'Cold! Why, it's as warm as a' oven. 'Ere, come away from that lifebuoy — what are you crawlin' round it that way for ? Get in front o' me, so's I can keep a' .eye on you. There — that'siight Now, then, tell me what you've seen, o' the Boers.- What's old Kroojer like ? But stop a minute — as soon as I whisper 'Sh F like that. youll know- there's someb'dy coming, an' you must 'op it. as if you'd been bavnitted. Now, then, have you ever seen Kroojer ?' ' Yes,' replied the fireman, ' I saw ' I sa w him up-country once, when I worked in the diamond mines.'. 'Oh! Is that why you're shiver- in so mucn ? nave you got me aiig ?' - 'No; I tell you it's the change" from hit to cold. I've come straight up from the stokehole.' - - . 'Then I. think you'd better, go straight down again,' said Crook. 'You aren't as interestin' as I thought you would bean Erasure I shall never lcarn anything useful from you: Besides," you'll-, die on my hands if Tin npt.carejM, sm' I don't want to be mixed ap in ainess like that. ;I jean just make you out, and ymijobk as if .you'd mnk -on the Boot. Be off or youll; get chipped in diuk.' "He turned toivards the taffiail and bCgan parang about tb show that, sofw as-he j .was -iKmcerned; toejintertiewiras complrtely ended. As he did so the fireinah /rnshed pt theHfdiubyimd -witlveridi hands Fck the i with-1&ertti.of; IsciSse,'" and a. wild --spring at' the— alert SuiiKhimldf 'Sinst irt ' ''til'LiLri liin lliimi) T 'atMl t1 1 , 1 feel 'aild held himfast while he took up his rifle. What's the 'matter ?' asked the officer, ' Let . me go ! .Let me go screamed -the. prisomer. Let me go, or it'll be too late f ' Quietly,' said the officer - ' no one's going to eat .you. Now, what's all this bother about ? What were you doing here ?' ' He'll wriggle away, 'pried Crook, pantingly. " ' I can't hold him, sir. Can I -hand him over to somebody else?' ' You needn't hold him, nedd you ?' said the officer, in surprise. '-Needn't- 1 just, sir ?' answered Cook. ' You should ha' seen him try to steal the lifebuoy an' sprjng overboard with it. I saw his game ; an' he nearly did it too.' Get hold of the man, Wilkin,' said the officer to a soldier hear him. Who are you ?' He addressed the fireman but the fireman only struggled fiercely and screamed; Let me go ! Let me go !' ' Come, come,' said the captain. ' Don't be a baby. What's the matter ? What" do you want to steal a lifebuoy for ?' -'He's off his chump, .sir,' ex claimed Crook. ' Must be. I thought so when I saw "him rush ou to the ship at the dock. I sized ; him up then as a wrong 'un, an' I'm right.' _ 'Come,' said the caption, sternly, ' give an account of yourself.' He .might as well have appealed to the ship herself. The fireman struggled and foamed ; he fought so. hard that the captain had to order more men to help Wilkin to control him. . Even (hen the cap tive managed- to drag himself and the soldiers to the vessel's side, and almost to escape from them and throw himself into the sea. All the time jie shrieked to them to let him go, sayng that it would be too late. t t ' 'Takehim'into the guard -room, , said the captain. The men fell upon . the furious form, pinning it by the arms and legs, crippling its power ot move ment, and dragged it along the deck, down the. hatchway to the horse-deck, then down to the troop- deck, and between the mess-tables to the guard-room in the bowa Put him. in the. cell ; he's mad drunk,' ordered the captain. ' It'll be time to reason when he's sober.' They thrust the frail figure through the guard-room door, then into the little, room on the right, above which an electric lamp was burning, and between which and the guard-room at the top there was a row -of short strong iron bars. The door was locked upon him, and the fireman was left hurling-liimself against it trying to tear the bars away, and then attemptingto thrust himself through one of the portholes, which he had managed to open. But he could not get even his head in, and he returned to the doorandscreamed to (hem to let him out, for God's sake. . . - There was a general officer on board the transport, goijog -out to take over the command of a division. He heard (he noise and screams and walked down to see what the confusion meant: " Is he one of our own men ?'. he asked; mindful of military jurisdic tion. ' No, sir — he belongs to the ship — one of the fireman, they say, answered the captain. ' But he was' so violent that I thought I'd better have him brought down here, especially as he was interfering with one of the sentries.' ' What's he howling like tliat for ?' asked the -general, irritably, as another fearful cry came from the cell, followed by the thuds of the body of tlie fireman as he hurled hiniself impotentiy against the door. 'Let him be brought out and taken snmewhereelse — I snnnose the shin's people have a place to put him in. Anyway, it's no business of ours.' The -guard opened the door and let the .prisoner come out. He" knocked -two or three of them down as he rushed from the cell, and was dashing down the troop- deck when he was seized ahnost at thp general's side. 'Let me go F he screamed. ' Ah .! you, sir— you'll listen. -Fll tell you everything — -but be quick — there -isn& a second to be lost !' \- What is ltT asked the general, pladidly: : ' Don't grip him so hard; men- Jiewante-to tell me something privately. Yes, you may come ana whisper it' if that's what ypu wan' t' \- : ' The fireman stretched himself on his toes, Hie soldiers holding his wristsstiffahdmonesentenceiold the general what he hhd tb 'sfly. . 1\. Thegeneral's face blanched, but .in the light of the" txbop-deck no hnesaw theichaiige. ?jfiad that is true ?' hie said, in. a low voice, to the-firCman.;' : ; v.. saidlhe fireman. I :%-pidd >to do aliWeriy.Fll shdjtf ybu" "where Hmeust te.'-Stef 9ffieVeryI»tit' mSif room ; then thefireman forced him- J self past an expostulating engineer, and into one of thestokeholes. He went straight to a bunker, and be- -gan burrowing at the coal in the t semi-darkness. | Let him alone,' said the general, J sternly, _ seeing that one or two 1 trimmers were about to seize him land pijsh him away. . . ' He's look- ing for something. All ! he's got J it ! Now, then; out of the way j there, out of the way f lie cried, in a loud, excited voice. The - fireman, carrying in his arms what looked like a small clock in a case, 6tumbled along, with the ' 6weat pouring : from . his face, his eyes bulging, his teeth showing through his parted lips, and his breath coming and going so quickly that it almost kept pace" with the. throbbing of the engines. » Dp through- the troop-deck, through the horse-deck they went, thefireman and the general, and with a groan the carrier of the bur den stepped into the cdol air -and staggered to the steamer's side. ' Give it to me,' said the general. He took the case from the trem bling hands, raised it above his head, and with all the forco of his strong arms hurled it over the sea. There wasthesound of asplasinhthewater, theu a deep roar, and a luminous column of water rose ghost-like out of the darkness. Thank God !' murmured the general, as he saw it. We were just in time1 Crooa saw it and was amazed. I suppose it's one of the wonders of the deep,' he said to himself. ' I- wish they wouldn't come so thick — they give me the blues. A crowd of officers and men saw the explosion too ; but although' one or two of -them, being of a scientific turn of mind, suspected vaguely, no one as yet knew what the real truth was. -...Even the general' had to learn the details. He turned round and saw that the fireman was lying prostrate on the deck overcome by terror and ex haustion. ' Get up,' he said, ' and follow me to my cabin.' The fireman rose and obeyed. ' Send for the sentry on the life buoy astern; let him be relieved till I've done with him,! said- the general to his orderly ; and Private Crook appeared, wonderingly. . ' Tell me what happened between you and this man, sentry,' said the general, indicating (he fireman. Crook told his story to the time of the coming of bis captain. "That'll do — you can wait out side. Keep within call, and have your rifle ready,' said the general, and Crook readily persuaded him self that there was special signifi cance in the allusion to the rifle. - 'Yes, sir,' said Crook. He slap ped tlie barrel of his Lee-Metford smartly by" way of salute, turned, and left the cabin. He planted himself rigidly at the door, and waited with sharp ears for a sum mons." " ' If you're going to sb&ot; me, sir,' I said the fireman, liis eyes wide and i his voice weak with terror,' "I ! won't tell you a single thing, so 1 help me God— an' I can tell you a lot.' ' If yon were hanged without a hearing it would he no more than you oeserve, saia cue general, sternly. . 'Shooting is too clean a death for you. - . 'But I saved (he ship an' all your lives,' pleaded the prisoner, miserably. 'Promise that you'll let me go, sir, an' Fll tell you all' The general was curious, and, as the danger was past, he thought he might hold out hope of easy treat ment. But he temporized. ' I can't 1 give you any undertaking,' he said. ' Yon haye yourself into the hands of the law, and yon must be pre pared for the consequences' ' It isn't as if the worst had come to the worst, sir, nor as if I wasn't sorry for it an' hadn't tided to show'my grief- ' You were terrified into it/ re torted the general . ' Well, sir, said the prisoner, feel ing that liis life was certain to be spared,' 6eein' that no one knows but you, an' that there isn't a bitof danger, now, wouldn't it be best to hear my story ?' 'Tell -it then,'" said the general, curtly. , ' But I have youi; word of honour that I shall be let go, sir?', saidthe fireman: The. general hesitated. -An of fence like this would be lightly punished by penal servitude for life ; and yet it might he, better to hear (he man's explanation and let him go.: V - I ' Ifl tkink that what you tell me justifies me. in setting ydp free)' he -srid.'-you.may-leay ship n&iiheJliigb; port x if nbt,: kbide by the result. - , ;ing to;dd that add .leavC- roe:iiiai$er; to me ?' ' 'Yes, sir, lam,' said the fireman, becaute%>U ypuTl- tiiflc' Hie,' at Kimberley. jurthefo /war hrolteluufc, ste «E T" jipdidd »>|ke ieSMttmHBtismMSSlflfcdSfcfeiiBSteStie had all my instructions plainly put to me in a little den in Bromley, and knew just what -I had to do. The London man gave me a little machine that teas choked with dynamite, and would explode with a bit of clock-work. All I had to do was to get on board as £i" stoker, stow myself away, and plant, the machine.- When we were near Las Palmas I was to start the works and escape. Being used to the sea, I knew the lifebuoy arrangement, and trusted to that, but I hadn't reckoned on the sentry. When Fd started the clock work — it was supposed to run for at least two hours before ex-, ploding the dynamite — I rushed on deck got to the stern. But there was the . sentry as sharp as< a needle. , H. it hadn't been for him I shonld iave got into the sea, and should have cruised round-in the lifebuoy till a boat — arranged for in Pretoria — picked . me up. On landing I was to receive a thous and pound.' - ' And all this is true f asked the general. ' Gospel,' the fireman i assured him. ' You see, the machine worked all right You saw it go off I suppose they didn't mean in Pretoria — the skunks ! — to give me a chance of getting my money, because the clockwork hadn't -gone for more than half an hour.' ' You knew there were five hundred - men and five hundred horses on board ? .There was a terrible looked on the face of the general as he put this question. Yes, sir,' ' ' And that not a soul could have lived?' It's pretty awful, sir, I know ; but they had me in -their clutches. But what are. you goin' to do, sir ?' The fireman spoke in terror, for the general had risen and was walking, with a hard face, towards him. ' Remember your promise.' ' I have made up my -mind,' said the general 'Sentry, lead this man to the lifebuoy; I want Mm to show me how he was handling it when you' stopped Mm.' Crook took the fireman by the arm, gripping Ms loaded rifle as he led liim aft. - ' You can go back to the guard room,' said the general to the soldier who had relieved Crook, and the man went," but unwillingly. He was burning to know what was happening. ' Keep this part of the sMp clear of everybody for a minute or two,' cried the general, and a little crowd of men -who had assembled van ished. ' Now I want you,' said the general, in a quiet voice, 'just - to show me how you were acting when the sentry here-tried to stop you. How were you going to get the buoy overboard ? Sentry, you're not supposed to hear this.' ' No sir,' said Crook ; Fm deaf.' The fireman jumped lightly to the outside of the rail, and began to uulash the buoy. His confidence was restored, and he felt some sort of pride in himself. "'And how would you have got over-board ?' asked the officer, after the way of a student who was taking an intelligent interest in a demonstration. ' Leaned out like this, grabbing the buoy, just let go the lashin', an plunged into the water: I should just have missed (he screws.' \- 'Just pulled this rope — likethis?' asked the general 'Yes; but, for God's sake, sir, don't pull it like that, or- ' There was a wild cry on the still night, and the fireman and the buoy fell from the transport's side. Crook, true to Ms order not to hear, made no movement ; he left it tothe general to raise the alarm of a man overboard. They stopped the way of (he steamer and got a boat into the water ; but, although they got the buoy back, again — it was floating far astern, and the light upon it burned placidly — they returned without the man. They had never semi him. ' I expect the screws caught him,' said the transport's captain, as he signalled tothe engineers, 'and in that case he. positively wouldn't have a chance. It's a very extra ordinary affair, sir.' 'Very,' replied the general, but he„ volunteered no explanations. Nor, for many reasons, did he -tell the Story. _He was a modest man, and brave, and did not want flatter ing for Ms own nerve. % He had saved the ship, but that was only his duty. and there was no neces- sity-to talk about'it. — . But he considered it advisable to keep a friendly eye on Crook, who who might have been .disposed to talk - He -assured him (hat he was i smart and sdert soldier, and that he woukFnot forget him. . Nor (naw irneii oroua. J" "F codutiyin thegeperal's divisionhe found hitefedf Ysoon ; Mid: if the enemy -had -not -lopped dff aa-amt he wMddmq dpubt have become a!-ktoond-heutenant;before ; the war-was over/ But Crook -is. philpropMeal, and<;says : ,it might haviebeeiia gboddwor'True; ; hfe has lost Ms ncpmicmitfas well ; as a' limb. but then, as" he-says, -he Might have beenlk511e<L ; „ Hprook/r 