A DOWSER AND HIS HAZEL ROD. Mr W. James tells how the Silverwell Lead mine was discovered. Some have discussed the "dowsing" or divining rod, as lightly as they have pooh-poohed the unluckiness of spilling salt or sitting thirteen at table. Others have been equaHy as ready to believe that in the hands of the “dowser,” the forked h'azel-twig dips earthward because water or mineral lodes underneath ..pos sess Strong powers of attraction. But between the believer and the scoffer stands a host of unbelieving minds, which hesitate to relegate the dowsing rod to/ the limbo of primitive superstition or roguery, yet .are equally unable to ac cept its claims as a mysterious medium' between man an inanimate nature. In my interview with Captain Josiah. Thomas, his singular experience of a Doleoath miner’s success with the dows ing rod was elicited. Captain Thomas, it will be remembered, took the midway position ,of the puzzled but unconvinced spectator. In his own hands the rod had refused to turn. I also mentioned that it was claimed that an old miner had discovered a silver lead mine at Silver Well by the aid of the dowsing rod, and I have since been, able to interview the dowser, and have seen him experiment with the cut twig. Mr C. W. Teague, of St. Way, the owner of the mine, arrang ed the meeting between us; and I found Mr William'James, the dowser, was a miner, nearly seventy years of age, who has never worked out of. Cornwall, hut has been a tributor in many Cornish mines. He.has worked for copper, lead, and tin at,West Oaradon,.South Caradon, Poldice, Blue Hills, . Creegbrawse, and. other mines, and he struck me as being shrewd and a cautious man. Thomas Davidson, • in- an article on “Divination,” tells us that ho who uses the divining rod is either a knave or a dupe. Yet “many men, even with .some ■pretensions to scientific knowledge, have been believers in the occult; power as cribed to this magic wand.,'.. 1 . -; It seems to be believed in, not only by Cor nish miners, but even by English civic officials, here and .there, in- the last de cade of the nineteenth And this -gentleman gives it as his opinion that the -whole phenomena is merely due to the effects of a strong impression on the mind acting through the agency of the nerves and muscles. If it be merely a “more or less, conscious delusion,” it possesses considerable vi tality.. _A lady.named Fanny Goddard, in an interesting account- of - ther dowsing rod, states that by its means water was' found in the grounds, of the Atlantic hotel, Newquay, at Falmouth, Budock, and other parts of Cornwall. She says that the belief strongly prevails at St. Ives, which was formerly rich in.mine rals, and that recently in the local press there were two advertisements form dowsers, one of whom offered to give “county references,”- and find water and mineral with certainty, .while the other had the significant addition. ‘.‘No water, no fee.” . : This -writer thinks electricity may have something to-do with this,-faculty,' butil personally incline to the opinion that the 1 water- finder” is of common sense,- and more than- an or dinary amount of shrewdness. : Ho is a keen observer of'.the lay of the country, and draws, his own deduotions from things which unobservant would not notice. This theoryy however; wouldnot explain Captain Josiah Thomas’ ex perience with the miner Rules, as he' could see-no indications of a ; lode r im Tehidy plantation,-yet the- dowsers-'pits struck the lode in three places ’out of- 1 four. - -.- "Whether Mr James is mistaken or not,: there is no doubt that he lias a deep rooted belief in the properties of -the rod. “I never tried it until twenty- five years . ago,” said he. - . ' Captain John Blight, of Creegbrawse'mine) went to -Silver Well, which is in: the parish of St. Agnes, and he dowsed for a lode and found it.. ■--■•I was with him, and took up the stick and tried it. _ I found that wherever it turn- ■ ed with him it would-turn-with me.” “After that,-1 presume, you set lip' in the business On your own account?” ■' ■ , “Yes, I tried the rod in other-parts. of Silver .Well, and discovered the' lodes which Mr Teague has been working)' They don’t appear in any of the maps of the district that I • have ever seen, and they are rich in silver lead. My own belief ,is that we have found the West- Chiverton South lode, and it. is said that West Chiv erton shareholders paid -,£60,000 in - dues'.to' the lords on the same mineral. It is a pity that Cornish; mining is so: flat, as'the Silver Well- property’ought to'be worked. It is of very little use to find alode-with a dowsing rod:-if yon are expected to dowse for the capital to develop ito '; “Have yon experimented in- anytotlier Sart of . the country ?” was asked.’ . -‘H ave found the-rod: indicate' lodes; -but have not had this confirmed by'deveioping the ground. -Near Mr Teague's’house-is a-.field, and the rod hao-turned'- wheri 'I have -got to a certain-part; of it', ’south of the inner'hedge. - Whether- the-lode is un-‘ derneath can only .be- proved-:,by sinking on_ it. Mines have -been workedc-around this part of St. Way, and I should be sur prised to find myself --mistaken-in', am- ex periment. Sometimes Thaveheldtherod so, tightly, and- . the attraction l of ;theVlode has been • so -great; :-thafc thejrod: Kaesbeeri bent, and it ffias. tom.therbarkioff -in'foto ing itself downwards.”.'.>' v - •Do you., feel rim .an .intensely: nervous.- state?” I askedj:l‘‘Sbme'people claim-thatr a dowser, feels'under.'a^powerful influence when the rod-moves \- "I don’t feel: nervous or. excited;” .-was .the reply; ‘‘but'.the'Todi.-begihe'itojheaveV; when I- am approaching a •I try to keep th'e forked pointiperpehdi-.: cnlar some: power^seems-to-bo :equsdly£as determined that 'it shall? 'move -.towards, the earth..” -. ' ' t ~ ??.- ”-o, \- 'Miss.(or,Mrs) F annie'Goddard say s ithat ; when a :"dows9ri’;:is'.Bearching;fbE-iWater,.-: "he'.oxperiences-a'.ehillyTgbrt-of'Btnsationi passing over him as' soon as’tha eharmiber); gins -.to ; work.’/:\: Perhatoitho' is>Bofe . the late Mr Thomas'.CbrnishiPf. Renzancsr - •gaid -he . stateof/intehso-neryous'- excitement;whilA - At^work,--aimUarito^thafiiqf J :a^p'eii6m ( - forming: featt- of^mesmeKßm'.^JMrj'C^npm: •knew^^ometMng'-.'abontijthfelm^ttefg^M;; ■gehtlemansbls3us--'ac^uainta%ce^B{fe^^s;. {for! many^yeam-'a-memberloti^Tlmmei^jr, .'nofi-only- believtoiiJi’.tFbfTbd^bntjpra^O^SCT^; :to 'be ,'ptlfershofintiyv. magistrates?* 'of .aci^aini^^rara', 'btrongs:':believers ; . MriTeagneishggeri%l-toatf^BKmlu/g^; ? onndß,‘-»MCT^tTOjg»gj: ifiandeflHtitofMffirMafiSra; walking- the: bows were kept-cldseto.his iides/ Eis arm •straights7out;':tHe -fingers,:andjthumbcbf: ■ each -hand..'closing' -uponeaclr end •’of; the: :.twigrto‘.keep .the -pointed .endiupwardyarid .exactly in- the: centres- :• After: walking; a. few-yards the .-top dipped-alowly 'towards: -him,-; although 7 his hands were still clench-' -eis.tightljtuponrthe- two ends.- I tried the: lexperiinefit, • but'the ’charm.: ,:would- 1 not! .work:, I was not-surprised at this,- as my experience 7 was -similar at P.enzance, some: time agoy^when--Mr :Charles.--James, of Gwennap, : lectured- on dowsing, etc.,: and: a few. friends .tried the rod over a lump of mineral on the platform. • ■,<■■■.■ Mr Teague cut :a' stouter twig, but the -.‘‘dowser” rejected it; 'saying it was ■ not -supple-enough, and the twig must'not be of more than-, twelve- months’, growth. With a third-rod he was again successful in;‘another-part of the garden. •. Mr Tea gue then took a firm hold of one point of the twig, - which, pro j ectedan inch : or so outside the “dowser’s” hand,, and I. seized the. other:point; .but although-we pinch ed thein as hard as we could to prevent their moving,the top-of the twig: dipped as soon as we neared -where: the 1 lode -was -said to be.- All the while,-Mr James' pro: fessed that it was-quite against his will that the rod moved,:and that he could-not keep his arms in that - position' and cause the-.rod; to dip ,by consciously using his muscles. ; '” .'•• •- - ' ■■■ ', - If I had forthwith dug a-shafb in Mr Teague’s garden - path; I might have struck a second Dolcoath.-- But having no limit ed liability company at my back, I hesir tated - to: act on the: significant movement of the divining rod. Mr Teague, said he was. in exactly the same predicament in regard to his silver lead mine.- Personally he is a .firm be liever in dowsing. His grandfather (Cap tain Dick Johns), who was related by marriage to Mr James, the: “dowser,” had himself used the rod successfully'; and when Mr James told him he had “dowsed” lodes at Silver Well he furnished the capital to prove them to a certain extent. I believe this in the only silver lead mine in the county working at present, and Mr Teague has been trying single-handed to test its prospeots. - A few years ago Cap tain Evans, of Oswastry, Wales, was about to form a company, but died almost suddenly while the scheme was being de veloped. .- , . . . . • ••• , >. Mr Teague has had -the--mine inspected by two well-known Cornishmen. Captain W. Rich, of Blue Hills and South Co’ndur- W.; Bid, of Blue Hills and South Coridurr ron, reported that he found an adit .level had been .taken up at'the valley, and ex .terided west onrtbe'course of a lode-some .70 fathoms. The lode, which is large and masterly, is composed of quartz and mun dic, with spots of lead ore; and has a dip or underlie south.; About 10 fathoms west from the mouth of the adit a lode with a slight underlie has been-driven on •about 100 fathoms, and- five trial sinks hnade in the bottom of-the adit. In each of those sinks good- stores of silver lead have been taken out; but the influx of water has' prevented the sinking more than a few feet. After other- remarks, the report states that as the adit is. not more than, three fathoms below the sur face, one can hardly expect to find ore in payable quantities at this depth. No- - thing effectual can he done towards prov ing the lodes unless a small steam engine is fixed for pumping purposes. Then they ought to sink on the course of the coun ter, near the junction of this and the large east and west lode. Captain Rich considers the proving of these, lodes, say 20 fathoms deeper, a good speculation. __ Although this does not prove that the mine was discovered by the dowsing rod, it, in some measure corroborates the story of the “dowser/’ as the lodes are un doubtedly there. Captain W. Cook Vivi an, who was sent by Mr Joseph Vivian to inspect, on behalf of the lord- (Sir Vyell Vyvyan) reported: “Both lodes are, -in my opinion, well worthy of trial, arid of having steam power applied for de velopment in»depth, by which, I think, valuable discoveries of lead arid silver ore are likely to be made.” Through this Te-- port, Mr Teague secured his license; to search for minerals in getting a company to work the concern. . 7 - ' . “My career is similar to that of many others in Cornwall,” remarked Mr Teague. "The.possibilities .of Cornwall are not yet exhausted; . but speculators have a craze for foreign, mining. If a piece of mineral ground as largo as Cornwall were discover ed in South Africa, and samples could be produced, like this silver lead, - from 19-feet below the surface, or like the tin we could dhow from scores of abandoned or virgin sites, millions of money would instantly be forthcoming to develop them.”. ' “Why not send your dowsers to London to dowse for a million of capital ?” I sug gested, "Well, if you blind-folded Mm arid stop ped the traffic, he would make straight for the Bank of England, and the . road would dip near the vaults,” was the smil ing response. : .'tßril'-T seo-you •■are/not a - convert' tb‘ dowsing,” added- Mr Teague. .“I will offer to submit my dowser to a conclusive 'test; . Let the map of some district un fainildar to him be produced by a body of unprejudiced men. Then go to the" dns- 7 triet; blind-fold Mm in the district where lodes are known to exist, and let him locate them with the rod. If he succeeds ot fails that-wrill settle-the question.” - . Mr Teague’s offer is certainly a fair one. He has had letters from members of.Cor nish learned, societies;-on .the subject of dowsingism, and -these gentlemen con sider it still an open-question.- The mine-: ral agoriit of a' Cornish -estate has v informed: me that, while he sees no reason- why the rod should turn, the-fact- that, .in 'the hands of some men, it- is • influenced hy' mineral or .water can hardly be doubted.: - • Mr Charles James of Gwennap, and Mr A. E. Barnett,. F.R.-SiY of : Penzance, who havegiveri the matter some attention,-dis believe--in any mysterious- influence. The rod will turn in Mr James’ hands when; held river mineralbut -Mr Barnett proved •as poof a dowser as-myself. The theory ■they hold is that constant practice would enable a mirier- to notice'indications, on the. surface ’riff the -direction■ of- thef hack of the Tride - , arid that-when 1 , he reached 'that e-pot 7 the- - - belief,- acting upon 'his muscles,'.would- riause an involuntary, al though; perhaps; -unconscious, movement, ■whieffi'would ;Cause the-rod-to -fall. - -■-•This explanation would-never appeal. 7 to; the intelligence of ia-driwser. - Only those. 'who :have never seen-ghosts >ddtbeHeve - in their-existence.' Arid the dowser lias tMs advantage over the believer in’ ghosts—his lodes-can he handled arid ;where'r as it is very difficult to - materialise-a ijliost; Two or three -.things loom out of this inlterview—tlhat Mr Teague has a- silver lead mine, which-' is* waiting for the oilvef lining iof the Cornish mining cloud-to'.ap pear; arid'there are many who s*»-.l reitse; to slielve the -dowsing rod as Vn do i.sion and a fraud; and -that' we have, a little light thrown on a curious feature ui con nection . with Cornish .; rain ,ag.. ~ From ‘‘Cornish Mining Interview, / by- Herbert Thomas. .. -■ 