our telephone; Hello, Exchange ! Alderman M*EDamfi^ - please. ' With pleasure ! Ring now. Is that Alderman M'Elhone? We ?wisK to discuss a Town Hall topic with you. Er — certainly. You do me proud, 'm sure. I'm only a young member, it's true; but, hang me, a coming one ! That's just it — there are some people who think you are coming it a bit too strong, lor a man witn Dut meagre Knowledge ox civic affairs aud civic etiquette. Well, I don't know ? Quite so. Therefore it would he becom-* ing in you to hasten slowly, very elowly8 until you have a thorough grasp of things. Now, what about the Mayor entertaining ? Oh, that ! Weli, I think it ought to bo abolished. So long as the Mayor keeps a free refreshment room, there are plenty ojg bounders ready to patronise it. They'd start there until the regular pub. chucking ouH hour, too, if they could, some of 'em. But the Mayor stands the racket, doesn't he ? Oh, of course, but the Council makes am ? allowance to the Mayor. No greater than that made to the May-n^ cf any other city of the importance of Sy-|ft nc-y, we believe ! Well, n-0-0. And it is the custom, we understand, fof Mayors of great cities, when called upoa at the Town Hall by citizens of some stand ing and visitors of importance, to invitn them to take a glass of — well, something ?. It seems to be done. And presumably it is for the Mayor to seal that his hospitality is not abused ? No doubt, but it is for aldermen to poinjj out anything they see wrong in connection with the Towu Hall. You observed by tha voting that I had a number of other alder men with me. Oh, yes; but would you have had any ifl ? the Mayor's private bar, so to speak, weoQ presided over by a golden-haired Flossie t Er — h'm ! It would be better, perhaps^ to put that question to aldermen individual ly. For my own part, I may say that no thing would deter me from doing my duty I] Even if Lhe variety and quality of the re freshments were improved ? We observe that Aldermau John Harris rather gave tho tea away. Nothing could sway me. Besides, thio Town Hall bar is not fair to the trade. Sur« rounding hotels would actually boom if tho T.H. can tee a were suppressed. Well.it seems to us that there are greater reforms than that calling ior 'the attention of aldermen. But surely it is a great question 33 Xcr whether the Council should encourage wine-bibbing — aoid on the never, too ! Then why not suggest that all persona other than distinguished visitors and pro minent citizens should pay so much a nip at the Town Hail bar ? There are no others ! There are only two classes of citizens who come to the Town Hall. The first are those who want to work: an alderman for a job, and of course they; 'never touch it.' The other citizens ar«j all 'prominent.' Then, perhaps, under those circumstances, it would be better to confine the paying V« the aldermen 1 Ting ting. . ., ? ? ? ? , Hello, Exchange ! Ring up an1 M.P. _ Rightoh; that's easy, bat whom ehall % ~ call ? Ah, there's the nrb; we want a Member who is not a candidate fox the Federal Par liament Just so. I'll switch on to Parliament House, and call one. Hello, Exchange ! Hello, 'Sunday Times,' are you wait ing ? Of course, waiting anxiously for that Member. Well, I can't raise him. Nonsense; try again. All right. Ah ! here's a Member of Bomft kind, so just ask him yourself. Ah ! Thanks. Hello, is that a Member of Parliament ? ? ? It is. One who is not going to stand for tad Federal Parliament ? F,.h ? Oh, come now; Tva not going td commit myself to that, t-ut here's anotihei Member, ask him. Hello ! \ Hello to you; what Is it ? Oh ! We were merely desirous of finding a Member of the New South Wales Parlia ment who is not a candidate for the Com monwealth Legislature. Possibly you matf fill the bill. Not me. Why, Tve a lovely electorate cuii out to suit me. Probably you noticed it — « Curriwidgeecumbubblegig. Couldn't hava suited me better if it had been made tq order. I'm simply a dead biM for it ! And you mean to stand ? ? Certainly. It would be flying in the face of Providence to neglect the chance, but, ol! course, there are not many Members so lucky as me. Now, there's a man coming along that wouldn't have a- ghost of a shov/ anywhere. I'll send him to the telephone. Hello ! Are you there, 'Sunday Times?*1' I understand you want to speak to a Mem« her who isn't going into the Federal Par-» liament. That's so. Well, you'll have to find someone else, foQ I've had a requisition signed by all the in** fluential electors in one of the new dis« tricts, asking me to consent to stand. And you have consented? ' What else could I do ? Ycra woulfc*g liave me flout the free and independent by, declining ! Besides, it would be hardly fair to the young nation, you know. When it; fairly gets on to its feet it will be different, but it wouldn't do for experienced politi-« cians to refuse a helping hand at the start. Suppose not, but isn't there one amongst tho whole House who is not a prospective^ candidate for the Australian Parliament ?., Haven't heard from him yet. But we may remind you that there are* only 32 seats available, counting the Senate, and' what are those among so many ? True, but hope springs eternal in tha human breast, and after all the odds aro not so great as against winning a big sweeR on the Melbourne Cup. No doubt, but in some cases It must fce G very forlorn hope, surely. I should say so; in fact, I only consWes me and Barton as absolute certainties, an-S I'm. rather doubtful about Toby. Ah ! And what is the attraction ? Why, the great and glorious opDortnnity of helping to build up a nascent nation; o£ Ko;r,-r viorwiort iinwn tn nosteritv as a Mem~ ber of the first Parliament of the Common wealth. Isn't that sufficient ? Not to mention that extra hundred q year ? , Certainly not. Or the chances of office or tie Speaker ship, or appointment on the inter-State ? Commission, or other possible perks ? Those things may attract 60-me ,of thfr ot-'-r fellows, but not me ! 75f course not ! Ting ting. 