[?] .PUBLISHED BY .^PECTAT. AflTUNGT-.MENT. TSy 73. J£v War/eon, ''??'?' -- '. ?' - '???''?? , ?fs*/tf*///rtf/rs'f'rrfft'ffff//f*t/t*'frff/f//i/f//////f/ft///rfft//ff7/ £u'hor of j'--Thev. Great -Porter Square Mystery,'' 'Grif,' ««The Sacred Nugget,' \- : : HiUriam Bozella,' «'A Fair Jewess,' 'The Golden Land,'* '- ??'-'? V: --;'': ???-' '' ''??'- 'The' Betrayal of John Fordham,' &c;, -fcc. .. . ;'V- ?';?-?? V-- ????'-?'? ' ^ :.'?'? COPYRIGHT. '?-'?' ^~ .... i;-/.;^- .:'..? CHAPTER XL— {Contintted.) .*' It is comparatively harmless.' he said,. ' when taken as I direct, though its habitual ase would certainly lead to injurious results.' 'A remark which applies to all narcotics,' raid Maubmy. 'lhat is so, but m tbis drug there is special danger. . Use it only- when there is imperative need for it,'' and keep it locked away, so that it shall not' fall info the hands of any other person than yourself. Its nature is absolutely deadly, and only the smallest dose cau be taken with safety.' ? . ' I will keep it' in a secret drawer in this studio,' said Maubray, .'-' which no one can open-but myself:' -Then there is another safe guard in tfie Iai-el. ' Deadly Poisou ' which you'have properly affixed 'to the' wrapper.' This conversation was taking place in the Burned Tower, and rMaubray showed Dr. Weber the' secret drawer in which he deposited the powder. 'What would be the effect of a double dose?' Dr. Weber looked at him apprehensively. ' Do not be alarmed, I have no intention of mis- using.it. The crisis is past and my. mind.is recovering imbalance. In proof of -which 1 have resolved to paint a new ^Marguerite, and am already 'eager to commence. I have even selected my model, arid haye.my canvas readyi'- ?? 'That will be better than any medicine I can administer,' said Dr. Weber, hailing with delight this healthy symptom. ' Who is your model ?'' ? _'_. ' Her name is Frida ; the daughter of a workman in the quarries. I was sitting at my window Lcre, and she passed along the road. Beholding her, I was irresistibly re minded ii-£ Marguerite, and, as usual with all crazy enthusiasts was eager to set to work immediately. She comes to-morrow morn ing-' ? . * . He spoke with animation, aud Dr. Weber saw before him the old Maubray he had wished to see. Maubray returned to the theme of the drng. 'What would be the effect if a double dose were taken?' ' 'A man in perfect health would sleep for three or four days. One in feeble health might never awake.' _?--__ 'And a treble dose?' / 18 Would be fatal.'' 'Instantly fatal?' ~~ * - 'No. Within the hour, I should think, In a dose so large there would be a curious variation. Instead of sending the man to deep, it would :keep him awaks, till death supervened.' \- ' A. death of suffering ?' '*'* 'A-perfectly painless death.' - - ' Would he lose the use of his faculties?' ?? 'He would retain them to the hist.' 88 Then the death, trance,' said Maubray, thoughtfully. 'It is fortunate that the secret of this drug is- known to few.' 88 1 believe it to be known only to myself,' said Dr. Weber. 'My discovery of its effect was accidental. In its natural state it is comparatively harmless ; I prepare it in- a certain way, and that is my secret. Only to you would I intrust so large a. quantity. Yoa will be careful of it, Maubray.' 8 8 Trust me. I will not inis-use it.' Here the conversation ended, and next day Maubray began work on his famous picture of Marguerite. The image of Gabrielle was still in his mind, and he thought of her con stantly, bat the sharp pang inflicted by her death had passed away, and in it3 place reigned a sad and tender memory. In their conversations Dr. Weber referred frequently to Valerie, and Maubray wrote to her now more regularly and at greater length. Gradually and surely . he re gained his usual serenity, and con- . templated recalling his daughter home at no distant date. Events hastened the fulfil ment of this intention. Madame Hartmanu's husband died and she was left a childless widow.' Maubray seized the opportunity. He sent for Valerie, and invited his sister to take up her abode with him. She joyfully consented, and presently domestic happiness ' once more reigned in the artist's home. No shadow fell upon the peace of Crow's Nest until Maubray intercepted-the letter -which Professor Fleury had sent to his daughter. Two months had passed since then, and all the efforts made by Maubray to discover the' writer had failed. The picture of Gabrielle which he had painted hung_ upon the wall of his studio in the Ruined Tower. SHATTER XII. A oracelet and some old lace from Madame Harrmann, 8t With loving felicitations to my dear . niece Valerie '; a dainty watch, exquisitely enamelled, from Dr. Weber, ' With affectionate wishes from an old friend '; a set of flower vases from the servants in Crow's Nest, ' With dutiful respects to our young mistress '; a fan. upon each leaf of which was an allegory, a poetical fancy, or a scene from nature, painted by Bernard Maubray, ' To- Valerie, with her father's love ' ; a bouquet of white and red roses tied with a ribbon on which was inscribed, 81 From Maurice to Valerie'; these, with flowers and- remembrances from humbler friends by whom she was loved, lay about the room, and on the table by which Valerie was sitting on her twenty- third birthday. It was noon of a beautiful day- in June, and all things contributed to the young- girl's happi ness ; the soft breeze, the dreamy clouds, the rustling of the leaves, were in harmony with Valerie's mood. Uneventful as her life appeared to have been, she had passed through a storm harder to bear bscause, like a mother protecting her young, she had taken its full force upon her shoulders: but this heart-trial was over, and peace held out his arms to her. She gazed at the gifts, and, moving about the room, handled them gratefully and tenderlv ; in the dumb memorials there was a spiritual life which spoke to her in loving accents, glorify ing her natal day with affection worthily won and richly deserved. Gentle and sweet to all who came in contact with her, recognising no differences in social rank as a claim upon the measure of her regard, no less merciful to the poor than to the rich, it would' have been etrange indeed had she failed to win affection, for though there is much that is mean and time-jerving in the world, there are beneath this sordid crust Eterling qualities which ring true when brought within the influence of such nuselfish kindness, as Valerie showed to high and low alike. The gifts by which she wus surrouuded were proofs of this. They were the unsought re ward of the efforts 'of an unselfish nature ; they spoke of the past and the present, and the bouquet of roses, emblem of the future, sang its silent song of love. Sinking into a | chair, she raised the Sowers to her iirs and kissed them, and with her closed eve.s rWtiuir lightly on the leaves saw visions wnich stirred Ser wnl with a sacred joy. This was the fpnngtime of her life ; the promise of surnmer i'as smiling upon her. Then; had been dark Jays in the past, duys of sorrow and anguish h which she had watched the fading- of a life iear to her and most dear to her father, days tnlightened by a word of sympathy, aud for Sane thne thereafter Ehe had not known |£3Be ; but ca thia happy day theso griefa f£S*fe?g»&SJ; & tbg rsTeric into -prhicii eh? had fallen, wherein was depicted in glowing j colours the realisation of a maiden' a sweetest hopes. 'Bernard Maubray entered the room while she was thus eugaged,'^and so absorbed was she that she was not aware of his presence. He stood regarding her -with a tender smile, divining her thoughts, and sympathetically recalling the lime when he himself indulged in dreams such as this dear child of his heart was . dreaming. His ' love for Valerie's mother and for Gabrielle bad not faded from his memory, but had merged itself into love j for the one being of his blood who was left ' to him — a lore as absorbing as that which i the young girl entertained, 'for Maurice, i 'Thus did I once dream,' he thought. | ' May she be spared the' shadows which fell i upon my lite !' Presently he laid his hand I upon her shoulder, and she opened her eyes | and blushed ; but she did not lay the flowers aside.' He had come from his studio in the Ruined Tower, where, with Frida for model, he had been engaged since breakfast on his new picture of Undine. His first words were of Frida. -' I hare given her an hour's rest,' he said. 88 If we overtire our. models something is lost which it is hard to regain. Frida. is a- trea- sure ; her capacity for expression is extra ordinary. These outwardly placid persons have strong bidden currents in them which opportunity brings to the surface.' 'Then you have done well this morning?' said. Valerie^ slipping her hand into his as he took his seat at her sdde. 'Does the artist ever do well ?''' he re joined. ' Is he ever satisfied? He dreams of an ideal and paints it in fairy colours ; he muses, he exults, he stands before his canvas and commences with fervour. To the world he says, under his.breath, * I will show you a great work,' and to-day, when he examines the labours of yesterday, he doubts, he trembles, he sits in scornful judgment upon his masterpiece, -which he finds after all but a bunsrlinsr piece of work. Well for him that his vain boast was not heard.' 88 But it is always so with the artist,' said Valerie, kissing his hand. ^ . 18 Yes, it is always so with him. The per formance never realises the dream. Then is. he haunted by mocking ghosts, then is he tortured by fears' of failure. Down from the heights he topples in his own esteem, and finds himself but common clay. It is'the just' fate of the pigmy who in a fine frenzy believed himself a giant.' 'Maurice says thai is the true artistic feeling.c We,;. are ..not competent to judge ourselves.' rj ~ „..'? ? - 88 Are we;' riot indeed?'' tie said affec tionately. ' So Maurice has been luring you into conversitions *apon'-art for the purpose of airing his views. It is always what Maurice says^ — Maurice the invincible, the infallible, who issues his ultimatum and dares us to question it. Pray, 'who constituted him the judge? What credentials has he? In what school has he learned to correctly gauge the artistic^ sense, the artistic performance? How easy it is' to. be a critic ! Boys fresh from school presume to mar or make reputa tions, presume to say, ' Well done,' orstroking their beardless chins' suggest improvements in shadow and outline. This .is the world as it is to-day. I was not aware that Maurice was a painter, Valerie.' 'No father,' said Valerie, 'Mauriceis not a painter but ? ' 'I will have no 'bats.' Do yoa not see that I am terribly^ in earnest? Is this great critic a pointer ?' ' 'No, father.' ' : 88 1 thought as much. What is he, then *' 'He is ? rhe is Maurice,' ehe said, with a smile. . ' 7 'Now, where shall t find an argument far meet that lncid description of Maurice? ft is unanswerable — eh ?' He took the bouquet from her hand. ' He sent you these flowers' —I see the snake in the grass— his card — and on it, ' From Maurice.' Is there magic in these simple words? ' From Manrice !' Ah, well, I must confess, I suppose. I had a let ter from Maurice this morning, and I won dered at his reason for writing to me.' She looked up shyly, lovingly, smilingly. 88 Traitor ! You knew he had written ?' 88 Yes.' ' He wishes to speak to me upon a matter which *he declares is -vital. Valerie, assist me ; we will enter into a conspiracy to defeat him. What is this vital matter he wishes to discuss ?' ??'*: ' * . * 'Father!' '^ 'Yes, child.' .;.--? ''?' 88 What will you say to JJIahnce?' '/What would you wish, me to say to him ? I am open to reason, Valerie.' She put her arms round his neck, and hid her face on his breast. ' Which means that I must receive hia courteously. I promise that. It is bis dne — I acknowledge it. He is a man of honour, of good family, an honest, earnest gentleman. What more can a father desire when $$»e happiness of a dear child is at stake ? Is thai, indeed, so. Valerie ?' ' Yes, father.' ' 88 You love him ?' 88 Devotedly. I would die for hha, and he for me.' 18 Yet I am bound to consider that he comes to rob me of a treasure more precious to me than life itself. What can I do to protect myself ? Forbid him the house ? Set spies upon the public road to warn me of his approach ?' She smiled, having no fear ; it was sweet to listen to this pretence of disapproval, knowing, as she did, that there was no sacrifice he was not ready to make to ensure her happiness. 'These imperious lovers,' he continued, '?after insidiously undermining the strong hold, present themselves as eonqueKSs. Alexander himself could not be more eoa. manding. So confident are they that tiey do not eren draw their swords, but rushinc upon you, cry 'Victory,' and order vou to sur render. And we do it. What other course is open to us when the dear traitor in our house has stolen our arms, and opened the yate^to the invader ?'' His assumption of light humour, under which he sousht to con ceal his emotion, failed him here, and he folded Valerie in his arms. ' You will not lose me, father. You trill gain another child. Maurice has no parent*, a?id he loves and honours vou. I should not be your daughter if I proved ungrateful for all your goodness to me.' We have hidden nothing from you. I think you roast hare seen — —' ' Yes, I ha-se seen, and I am afraid encour.-isred. What does your aunt say of Maurice?' 'She holds him in the highest esteem.' 'And so do I. I have studied him, and I believe him to bs a good man. If I did not I wcu'd not give yoa to him. Dear child, be happy.' - ?'?'-. He embraced lier tenderly, and le£t her to meet Maurice Godefroy, whom be =-.»- \r»s.s ing the lawn. CHAPTER XIII. Gssstfngs exchanged, Bernard Maubray led the young Lawyer to his studio in the Rained Tower ; a proceedics of good augory, f® Ydesa'a terer knew tfaet uoe» bs» &s; artist's most intimate friends were adinituT there. Maurice was not a native of Bert he was born and brought up L' Paris, and upon ihe advice of friends 1H selected the Swiss' city as a promising fieldfcr the exercise of his profession. He had Hi an uphill fight, and it was onlv after .sia yearsof struggle that he had succeeded ia planting his foot firmly on the ladies Through the friendly offices of Dr. Wae[ whose good favour he had won, a complicity case bristling with difficulties had been piced in his hands. \ Failure^ was predicted iv all ihe legal luminaries of Bern, and Slsurica felt .that failure meant more to him .thin ths mere losing of the case. He had sea Valerie aud loved her; but Dr. Weber alone was in the secret of hia atta';hiaat to Bernard Maubray's daughter. ' Yon vntt not be in a positiou to present yourself as ha lover,' said the kind doctor to 'the ambiaoj, young man, 88 uritit:you have made a naug fat yourself. Now prove the mettle yon arj made of. Here is. a case which ninety-aine .lawyers.oat of a hundred would lose.' 'WiB it,- and win Mademoiselle Valerie.' Kc greater incentive could be given. Day and night were devoted by '-be younpr advocate tc the study of the case, '*nd in the teeth ol j immense odds and with a formidable array ol illustrious counsel against him, he had con. ducted it to a triumphant- issue. Talentej, ambitions, and fall of enthusiasm, he fell himself now justified in proffering hh smt for Valerie's hand, and it was for this pm. pose he had written to Bernard Maubray foi an interview on her birthday. Introduced to the family by Dr. Y»Voer h. soon became a favourite in Crow's Xest, and the progress of the love affair wai j watched by Bernard 3faubray with ??ileni ] approval. But prepared aahe was forit^naturai development it was not witho.ut a pan:.' lba! he contemplated surrendering his u-iughtcr tc anorher man's care. The last few months oi close association with her had prjvtd to him that she was worthy of the best he Lad j to bestow. He was one of thoso men tc whom the bestowal of love brings the sweetest ?pleasures, and in common with all noble natures he found it a greater bles.-iug- to give than to receive. The sorrows oi hia'past life were chastened ; he did not, he could not, forget, bat the violence of his grief had passed away. To this happier frame of ir.nid Valerie had largely contributed. Considerate and [ thoughtful to an unusual degree in a young ! girl, she had so ministersd to htm as to revive ; all that was best 'in his nature, and at the 1 same time to implant in his hsut a boundless love for her. There was in this a possible danger— a danger that, under certain not impossible conditions, it might lead to violent extremes. Had thia been pointed oat to him he would' have listened -with incredulous ears, but it was none the less true that he had become morbidly nervous for her safety. The irrowth of this feeling commenced upon the receipt ot the letter which had been addressed to her by an anonymous correspondent. He would wake up in the middle of the night wi:h the thought in hia mind, ' Is Valerie safer' and he would steal from hi~ room to listen at her door, and to walk softly through the house and often into the grounds in search of some hidden enemy. Tender and strong-minded as he was, there came into play a quality of intensity which, caused him to iusousibl? magnify every incident or ciruuuisrance ia relation to her. Given a knowledge or suspicion that her happiness was in peril, and that an enemy was realiy watching his oppjr« tonity to do her an ill turn, he would have so brooded upou it that it was likely the evea balance of his brain would be disturbed an4 his usually clear judgment clouded. This partiality and disposition to morbid inclining sprang entirely from his personal affections ; in all other matters he was impartial aiii -unbiassed. On. two occasions a. singular occurrence La4 puzzled him. - On the first occasion he was sitting cj late, when all in the house had retired to rest. Fancying he heard a sound without, he went into the groundsto ascertain the cauae. He saw nothing, and heard nothing more to warrant the- fancy, but be.brcoded upon- it, and he did not go to bed till past midnight. The next day, as he was passing into the public road through 'the front gate, he saw upon th« ground a small gold pencil, of whi-.-h he rcx-l. lected having made free use before he went to his bedroom. Of this he was convinced, asj he could not understand how it could L;ivt found its way to the sr-ot upon which h» found it. On the second occasion the introductory circumstances were of a similar nature. Airai* he was sitting up late wheu the members 'f h» household were in their beds. Airain t* fancied he heard a sound outside the h'use. He stole to Valerie's doer and he.iri her soft breathing. She slept with hae door unlocked, and with a night-lis-ht burn* ing. Softly opening the door, he saw thai she was slumbering peacefully. Again b» went out, and could' discover no cause~for tb* fancy. It was raining, and there was m-zi en the paths. He recollected, or thought ^» recollected, that upon his return to the hou* he had exchanged his mnddy shoes for a pair of slippers. Again he retired to rest after mid night. The next morning he noticed that the slippers he had worn, and which now lay on the bedroom floor, were covered wiihincd. He asked himself how the mad ccuid bawt got upon them, and he searched his memory whether he had worn them before he went into the grounds. After a period of renectk* he decided that his memory muse be at fault, and' that they mast have been on hi» ieti when he walked through the grounds. Ha made no mention of these incidents, and, no further alarm occurring-, he ceased to iroubfa himself about them. Closeted now with Maurice, the young man explained the purport ot his. visit, and in modest and well-chosen words solicited Maabray's consent to his suit witk Valerie. ?* Certain w.oridly questions muss be asktd sad assyered before I can give you a reply,'* said Msabray. ' There is a material skie a tbis matter. What can. yo» offer ev daughter ? ' \- 'An honoured name, sir, and tie prospecs ' of a prosperous future, whkk it is my desire*} hope she willshare.' _ : ' Nothing more ?' * - ' A love as devoted as it is hi Ae ostsse cf man to feel.' ' j 'It should coant for much,' k»id Beraarf Maubray. ' It is a s«cr-xl chanri you as£ tS me.' *~ \ 'I will bold it e». To mat her hags^ shall be tie object of my life.' I There was a pause before Bemad Maubn^ spoke again. It was s, promise ^e hnn»e3 had made in years goes by, ind yiHA with all his earnestneus he had adeavosrcd to fulfil. S 44 As to yeer present saeans ?'* j 'They are not large. I canfesintaia ft fcsae in fair comfort. Our state (will not fca raxurious, bat there is the futurei ' Yes, there is always rh« Jurnre. A nature such as Valerie's can be Sppy with out luxury.' I ?'Then yon consent, sir?' saioHaurice. 'Not yet,' replied Maubr.ig smiling at the young roan's eagerness. ' tuth is san guine and impetuous. Before nWr, befoM love even, stand honour and in^riEy. I d* not say it of you, nor do I sa*e: it, or wB should not now be discussing a Biter dear t» ' me as to you, but there are 'me| who offer B raaideu the stale lees of a lifef-t disrepute who hold what I deem saore-a iimall esteesa. Such unions breed misery. Tiy may biiag a .stoss ple;isiire to the huscid, but th'fflr bring a moral ceath to the fife. In suii case marriage is not a blessinj but a curse.** ' I entirely ajrree with youiir.' 'Tell me something f vonr pa«6b Maurice.' / ' ? [to be cas-rrs-T7|.'} RIC— © 3Tw. Dix : ' Isn't your other v«y s?n5 you have recovered irtd the whispiK,' cough f' Dick : ' I doa't lic-va ?i, maVas-j roueaa't thick hoTr it anKjd the tubv.' CoIoSel John Morgan .Oifaror of Erecs^ recently signified his isr^sJa or l^yinjr dovra at his own cost plant £c? d electric iiVas i^g c€t£s tare. Itiaes&gki; thstsiii? S£i 