PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ABRANeBMENT. ?♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ »« -♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦?»»♦♦♦♦♦»»♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦* , ?;? ? j~ ? ,!' '? ; - ,--' .'; ..'. ] ,''/Jr ??'- ^y Tliefiard Tttwjfa Author of 'The Beetle: A Mystery,' 'The Crime and the Criminal,' 'The Datchet Diamonds,' ' Mrs. Musgrave and Her Husband,' '' The IVoian -with Oae Hand,' &c;, &c.; ' '-?..-. ?; COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XVI.— (ConiinuedS . Thoy stayed at the Star and Garter long euougb. to give the horse a bait, then, through the gathering darkness, drove back to the hotel. ? ' It's been a pleasant day.' She drew one of her big breaths before she answered, as if she wanted to get as much air as possible into her lungs. 'Pleasant! That's not the word. It's been my only day.' ? 'And to-morrow we're to be married. Won't that be another of your only days?' She did not answer^. 'Within the vehicle it was dark, so that he could not see her face ; but, presently, by the sound he knew that she was crying. 'Pollie, what's the matter? . You're showing asudden fondness for tears.' ' I'm afraid ! ' she said. 'Afraid? What of?' Again she did not answer, and in the silence over his own soul there crept a sense of fear. At their journey's end, as they alighted, a policeman happened to be standing at the door of the hotel. When they reached their sitting-room, Mr. Polhurston found that the colour had gone from Pollie's cheeks, she was trembling. 'He knew me!' She looked at him ?with eyes of frenzy. ' Who knew you?' 'That copper at the door.' 'Nonsense! ' ' He did — he looked at me — I saw him I ' 'Well, even a policeman- may look at a peraon without conscious recognition. I take it that you're not known to all the constables in town.' ' But I've seen him before, and he's seen me. If he should come inhere!' There bame a tapping at the door. She clutched Mr. Polhurston by the arm. ' Don't let him come in, for Gawd's sake, don't! ' The door was opened, without waiting for permission. A waiter entered, to learn if they had any commands for dinner. If any thing about the attitude of the pair — the woman clinging to the man as if for life, the man looking round with startled mien— - struck him as singular, nothing in his de meanour showed it. Mr. Polhurston issued the necessary instructions, the waiter went. Then Mr. Polhurston turned on Pollie. 'My dear child, what is it which has come to you ? I do not remember you as a nervous subject, or fanciful ; oertainly not as a coward,' Her alarm had not entirely abated, though shame had partly taken its plaoe. 'That was different ; then I'd nothing to _lose; now, don't you see?' He did see — perceiving her meaning as by a lightning. flash. When they were ragged, cold, hungry, destitute, then all risks wore none ; the transition from bad to worse could be, in any case, so slight. Now, to pass from the warm light in which they were, to the outer, hideous, eternal darkness -which threatened beyond, there was horror, terror, in the thought alone. It was this reflection which caused him to be oppressed by an indefinable sense of dread ; which she did nothing to lessen. She still clung to his arm. f Let's go away from here !' Ho tried to laugh away her fears. ''What? At once? Before' dinner P No, thank you. Especially as, in any case, we «hall be leaving ip the morning,' ff Let's go to-night.' 'Where to?' ♦i To where you said — America !' '? You're dreaming. Come, don't be silly. America's not just over the way, as you seem to suppose. In the morning it will be time cnousrh to start.' 'ft will be too late.' ff Nonsense ! You're overstrung. The excitement has been ? too much for you. You shall have some dinner, and then go straight to bed. A good night's sleep wiU drive all the cobwebs out of your brain, and in the morning you'll laugh at your own fanoies.' She rubbed her hand- across her brow — as if her head was feverish. 'Iwish you'd come to-night — I wish you would.' He led her to her bedroom, laughingly. '' Be so good, young lady, as to go in there and prepare for eating. It's just possible that you may find that a sponge will freshen ypij-^only dbn'tbe long. You heard me order dinner to be ready in half an hour, and here punctuality's observed.' The meal was scarcely a stfecess. Neither seemed to have much appetite, there was little conversation. She hardly spoke at all.- The pretence at light-heartedness with which he endeavoured to brighten the occasion was so signal a failure that very soon he gave it up, relapsing into silence too. Almost as soon as dinner was concluded, acting on his sugges tion, she retired to her own room — if. not to rest. There was singularity in the fashion of her good-night. Kneeling by his chair, holding him close to her, she kissed him twice, thrice, and yet again. She had been, apparently, so cold and'self-oontained, that the display of affection took him by surprise. (- I hope you won't allow marriage to put «, .period to this kind of thing.' She did not reply to him directly, seeming to be following a train of thought other own. ' You'll think of me ?' she said. ' Sleeping and waking, the whole night long.' :; She eyed him earnestly, her glance convey ing the impression that he had not said exactly what she would have wished him to. Her next words seemed- to be pregnant with a meaning which was hardly on the surface. !' I'll think of you, and of to-day.' He exchanged with her look for look, with an air of seriousness in which there was more than a touch of whimsicality. 'I don't think we shall either of us forget to-day— ever.' ^- . 'Never!' ' . She got up and went to her bedroom. And, as she went, he heard her sob. CHAPTER XVII. At Dead oe Night. ? /*-'Z/fl] V V ^^HE church L^gdbStoa&H;^i,, xrjvrim* ) clock struck Wftu \ reverbera- v?2?§S?m.B / 1 tion of the jlllliiii ? second Btroke died \- jPiaiJf*- Hi l away as she opened Uii -M i ter tei?room l5oor \- ^?§RS_/t«|P| » '~ ' } but an inch or two. A'fr-ip ySl ' ' ^e likened. All Kl'iY Aw&h; t was still. She ^A~/*t }ili&\p opened it a little /V^?wUC^iv- r^ wider, listeningyet. V ? »« ^**)}&/n } There was . not a *^S^SjtSc^**j»\X} 'n t'ie B^tting-room -^^j*'sf*W^Vx ?*- were out, but the fire BtQl burned ?brightly sa the grate. Tha flickering flames illuminated fea away and leaving all in shadow, now flashing into fitful glamour, so as to throw particular objects into_prominent relief. ?- - ' She drew her shawl about her closer. She had not realised that she was cold until she saw the fire. She hesitated ; should she get some of its warmth into her veins before she went? It wonld be one more memory, io carry away with her, her last warm at his fire. She went to it, leaning over and ex tending her hands. By the light of its flames on6 could see that she was no longer clad in the costume which she had worn throughout the day, with Kuch pride in its glory ; she was once more in her rags. After a while, standing up, she turned her face towards the door of Blaise Polhurston's room. She passed the fingers of her^ right hand to and fro between her lips, as if in a paroxysm of nervous irresolution. ' I wouldn't wake him ! I wouldn't wake him ! ' She repeated this to herself, over and over again, as if striving at self- conviction. She moved quickly to the door. 'Gentleman ! Gentleman!' she whispered. There was passion in her voice, as well as pathos, and a wild despair. 'Goodbye! I'd never have been the kind of wife you ought to have, never ! It's best like this — best for both of us. Gawd bless you ! Are you dreaming of me ?' There-was a break in her speech ; a sob in her throat. Bending forward, she pressed her lips against the panel. And that same dustant the door was opened from within. The handle was turned with a sudden click, the door drawn right baok upon its hinges, and Blaise Polhurston came hastily striding into the room. The thing was done so suddenly that the girl still had her lips pressed against the panels when, as it seemed, they were snatched away from her ; she had no time to withdraw before Blaise Polhurston was pushing past. ' Gentleman ! ' she cried. Cowering, she shrank back against the wall. She expected him to turn upon her with reproaches ; at least to demand an explanation of her pre sence there. But he did neither. ? It was a itiinute or more before she realised that she was unperceived', that he ignored her utterly. When the consoiousness that this was so began to dawn upon her she was filled with sensations of mingled wonder and awe. He was only partly dressed, having thrown a dressing- gown over his trousers and night shirt. The dressing-gown, being unfastened, flapped, open as he moved, seeming to throw his tall, thin figure into ominous relief. His hair was dishevelled. He carried no light, but, as he entered, a coal fell down in the fire ; the flames shot up, as if in greeting. He tsioved to the centre, and paused, the girl momentarily expecting him to turn and dis cover her, wondering how he could have passed her undetected. Presently he began to speak — she perceiv-. ing with increasing surprise that it was to himself he spoke, apparently oblivious of the possibility of his being overheard. There was au odd quality in his voice — frenzy, agony, as if the words were being wrung from him in clots of blood. The first word he uttered was her name. 'Pollie! Pollie! Pollie!' three times over, in a crescendo scale. The girl, crouching in the corner, began to tremble. What was coming P What was about to happen ? It was strange to hear him call to her, as it seemed, from the depth of his heart, he remaining all the time uncon scious of her olose propinquity. 'She's ill! How ill! Fallen down in the street, and carried home. Home! What a home ! Hunger, weakness, exhaustion — that's what it is. Cold, exposure, scanty clothing, no food — that's who's laid her here. A doetor'd say, give her plenty of nourish ing food; good wine — that's the medicine .he'd preycribe for a case like this. Ye gods !' He laughed — a laugh which set his hearer shivering, A flood of memory swept over her. She remembered how, during a spell of bitter weather, luck had gone dead against them ; how, practically; for daysjxigether they had had to go without food— how, at last, she had fallen in the street, and been borne, senseless, to the garret which they called home — how he had returned and found her stall unconscious. Was this time being brought back to his nightmare haunted brain, so that, asleep, he was enacting his dream before her eyes. So soon as she suspected that this might be the case, her Ymibi seemed to become paralysed, as if spellbound she continued to watch him. She saw him, by the flickering firelight, drop upon one knee and bend forward, as if stooping over some object which he perceived to be in front of him. Extending his left arm, he moved his hand, gently, to and fro, imitating the gesture with which one smoothes a person's brow. 'Pollie! Pollie!' With what tenderness he pronounced the name ! How her heart melted within her as she heard ! ' How cold you are ! How cold — and how still! Pollie !' Again the clinging tenderness. The tears started to the listener's eyes. *? Wake up— open your eyes — look at me, child ! It's Gentleman ! Don't lie so still — it's the first time I've asked you to look at me in vain !' For a few seconds longer he continued the gentle movement of his hand. Then his arm dropped to his side, as with a gesture of despair. ' What shall I. do P What shall I do ? Starving ! In this great storehouse of food !' He stood- up, remaining motionless', with head a little bowed, as if looking down at the silent figure which was at his side. Where shall I find the wherewithal with which to buy her food? I've begged — begged !' He laughed — again that uncom fortable laugh which had set her shivering. ' I've not found the profits which they say the trade brings fu. Perhaps that's because I am unpractised. There's no time to gain ?proficiency. I must get food for her to-night, and— for me. But how? How? With nothing how shall I get something ? How ? How?' She saw him shudder. He threw up his arms, as if, in so doing, he strove to throw off from his mind some thought of horror. ' What devils hunger makes of us ! What devils ! Or else it lays us there !' He pointed to where he perceived the silent figure on the mattress at his feet. Turning, he began to move hurriedly, jerkily, to and fro, as if he was endeavouring, under pres sure, to resolve a problem in his bewildered brain. Words came from him in disconnected phrases. ' There ia not time. I could not do it if there were. An hoar or two, it may be too lato. Money — money — at once, or not at all. They must bury, though, it seems, they are not forced to keep alive ; that's how it stands.*' He paused, in hia nervous movements, as if to consider. A name came from his lips, as if ucconeoionsly. ' Shapcott? Shapcott?' Then, aa if waking, all at onoe, to compreheasion of tha thing which ho had said, he estended his anna in a burst of sudden passion. 'Curse bom 3 Cts^a hjm t_2Sjgie is. Jsebfr daraftedj' ' again tie dropped toulc t!;e imaginary pallet, this time on both his knees. ' ' ' ' Pollie !. Pollie! ' There were tears in '?/?i voice, which increased the streams which v«re pouring down the listener's cheeks. ?? Don't lie there so still — don't, don't! Open . i ?nur.eyes — look up at me — speak to me, Pollie, speak.' 'But, apparently, his appeal remained ua-^ heeded On hta face, as revealed by tho' ?irelight, was an agony of supplication. .- ?' Pollie ! Pollie ! Pollie ! ' he murmurea, ?-?var and over again. -? Then he sprang back to his feet, 'with a sudden access of determination. ' She shall not die, that is certain not ; if ;my action of mine can keep her alive. There ?are ways and means, of getting money — always ways and means. I have heard it said a hundred thousand times — I know it of my own knowledge. Why should I stop to con sider wLat tMngs are lawful when there's death to fight. Against that foe all things are lawful, God knows ! Death cornea quick ; he does not wait, cap in hand, for you to stand considering. You must beat him with any weapon — yes, at once ! — now !— or you'll be beaten; and that defeat there's no re« rneving. (iod knows! I'll go at once to Shapcott, and I'll beg of him for herlife.' Hehesitated, asif hehad still not succeeded ia bringing himself quite to the sticking-point. Then, once more, knelt down. 'Pollie, it's for you. Godhelp us both !' He bent his head right over, as if stooping to kiss the face of the silent figure which was lying on the.pallet. And, indeed,' the listener seemed to feel his lips touch hers. When again he rose to his feet, his words and manner suggested that the scene in his vision had changed, as, in our dreams, scenes do change, with kaleidoscopic suddenness. His attitude assumed a rigidity of horror which it was unpleasant eyen to contemplate. He stood so that the fire shone on his features ; nothing in the expression of his face, or in his bearing, was hidden from the girl staring, all trembling, from her corner. He looked like a man might look who sees ?i ghost ; as if he were compelled to glare, willy-nilly, at some object of horror, the mere sight of which froze the blood in his veins. As Pollie watched, something of the horror which held him as in a vice passed from him to her, so that she became an involuntary sharer in his nightmare agony. He was staring downward at the floor, with parted lips, wide-open eyes, as if there were something there to which his glance was riveted. He continued to stare so long, so fixedly, without moving, or, apparently, drawing .breath, that his strained pose began almost to suggest paralysis — some dreadful form of tetanus which held him rigid. It was a relief when, at last, a tremor pass ing over him, with a long, deep-drawn sigh, he seemed to return to life. For some seconds he swayed to and fro, as if he were about to fall. Then, all at once, drawing himself quite straight, he looked round the room, with unconscious, glassy . eyes. Then back went his glance to the floor., Something of his former dreadful look returned. He mut tered to himself a tame, hoarsely : 'Shapcott? Shapoott?' - : As if startled by the sound of his own -'? voice, again he looked about him, with the same unseeing eyes. Once more they re turned to the something which he seemed to see lying at hia feet. He slightly inclined hia head; 'Is it you? What — what are you doing there?' He paused, as if for a reply. 'Shapcott!' Another pause. 'What — what are you doing there ? Why don't you speak -to me ? Shapcott !' For the third time his oblivious gaze passed round the room. 'I thought I ? heard a noise. Yet it all seems still. How still ! I wonder what's made the world so . still. Shapcott ! ' Why the devil won't he speak to me? Why the devil? I suppose it is Shapcott. I can't sea him with his faoe turned down. Shapcott!' ' He reachod out his foot as if touching something with hia toe. Then he put his hand up to his throat, as if labouring for breath. His voice had become curiously hoarse. 'This won't do. I mustn't stand here doing nothing, like a fool. I must do some', thing. I must find out what's the matter with Shapcott.' [to be continued,] 'FC— 16 