The Fallen Emperor. LORD ROSEBERY'S BRILLIANT AND ENIGMATIC STUDY. (By H. W. Wilson.) In "Napoleon: The Last Phase," published to-day by A. L. Hum- phreys, Lord Rosebery has produced a scholarly and judicious study of Na- poleon's character as revealed at St. Helena. Too rarely is the inner his- tory of one great man written by an- other; while in the present instance there is added piquancy in the fact that the historian in retirement writes of his hero in the compulsory retirement of that, far-off island which saw the slow agony of the fallen Emperor's death in life. The motives which have led Lord Rosebery to such a study will naturally provoke curiosity. They are thus set forth:— "Why collate' these morbid, sordid, insincere chronicles? Does not his- tory tell us that there is nothing so melahcholy as the aspect of great men in retirement — from Nebuchadnezzar in his meadow, to Napoleon on his rock ? The first answer to this ques- tion is incidental and personal. To the present writer Lord Beaconsfield once explained why he wrote. 'Count Alascos' — a drama nearly, if not quite, forgotten. It was produced, he said, not in the hope of composing a great tragedy, but of laying a literary ghost. The story haunted him, and would, he felt, haunt him until he should have put it into shape. And so it is with this little book. It cannot help em- bodying a tragedy, but it was written to lay a literary ghost, dormant for years, only quickened into activity by Gour- gaud's last journals, and by stimulating leisure. Secondly, it is an episode upon wihc History has yet to record her final judgment." HATEFUL SIR HUDSON. On the vexed controiersy of the treat- ment of Napoleon by his captors, Lord Rosebery pronounces a calm and im- partial judgment. The British Govern- ment was justified in sending him to St. Helena; but it showed singular want of magnanimity in the selection of a gaoler and in the innumerable petty restrictions which it imposed or allowed its agent to impose. Sir Hudson Lowe, the gaoler, "was a narrow, ignorant, irritable man; without a vestige of tact or sympathy. . ... . 'His eye,' said Napoleon, on first seeing him, 'is that of a hyena caught in a trap.' Lady Granville, who saw him two years after he had left St. Helena, said that he had the countenance of a devil. We are afraid we must add that he was not what we should call, in the best sense, a gen- tleman." Much, however, as "the infamous Sir Hudson" — as the Freach call him — was to blame, Lord Bathurst the Bri- tish Minister, under whose instruction he acted, was yet more reprehensible. He shipped out what Lord Rosebery calls' "a sort of area, railing," within which Napoleon was to be penned; he cut down Napileon's expenses in an is- land where everything was four times. its natural price to £800 a year. When the French suite hinted that the wret- ched collection of huts in which the fallen Emperor lived was overrun with rats, he had the incredible want of taste to suggest that Napoleon encouraged rats; and he displayed in every act and order. "meanness and panic." It is a painful — a pitiful — story. "Victory had not taught them (the British Ministers) magnanimity. They had caught their great enemy; their just wish was to get somebody else to shoot him or hang him; failing which, they were determined to lock him up like a pickpocket. All that they saw clearly was that he had cost them a great deal of trouble and a great deal of money, so that he must cost them as little more as possible. They were honest men acting up to their lights; we can only regret that the men were dull and the lights dim." NAPOLEON AS HE WAS. But it is upon the great protagonist in this terrible drama — the walling up of a man like him was the embodi- ment of capacity and energy, physical and mental, in a liv- ing tomb — that the attention fastens. Gourgaud, as Lord Rosebery justly notes, has shown us the naked Napoleon, of fact, not of romance, and has enabled us to see the iron entering the soul: a Napoleon, friendless, soli- tary, haunted by the past, tortured by the present, yet after all totally unlike the Satanic being that English opinion of his own day pictured him. "The revelation of this book (Goor- gaud) is . . the forbearance and long-suffering of Napoleon. The in- stances of Gourgaud's petulence and in- solence are innumerable . . . Gour- gaud remonstrates with the Emperor on the double allowance that he gives Montholon. Napoleon points out that Montholon has a wife and family, which Gourgaud has not. Still Gourgaud grumbles. . . . on another occa- sion Napoleon utters a few gloomy words. 'I,' he says, 'though I have long years of life before me, am already dead. What a position !' 'Yes, sire," says Gourgaud, with patronising can- dour, 'It is indeed horrible. It would have been better to die before coming here.' . . This all seems incre- dible to us with our preconceived opinion of Napoleon, and our business is with him; we only make these quota- tions to show the incessant irritations and annoyances to which he was ex- posed on the part of his own friends, and the unexpected gentleness and pa- tience with which he bore them." THE PASSION OF THE GAMBLER. His personal magnetism, which on the field of battle, as a hostile- witness, Von Odeleben, records, won shouts of "Vive l'Empereur !" from desperately wounded and dying men, was not less wonderful when he had to deal with the colder and less demonstrative Eng- lish:— "Maitland caused inquiries to be made, after Napoleon had left the Bel- lerophon, as to the feelings of the crew, and received as the result: 'Well, they may abuse that man as amuch as they please; but if the people of England knew him as well as we do, they would not touch a hair of his head.' 'Damn the fellow,' said Lord Keith, after seeing him, if he had obtained an interview with his Royal Highness (the Prince Regent), in half an hour they would have been the best of friends in England.'" But, after all, the most deeply ab- sorbing pages are those which trace the gradual deterioration of Napoleon's cha- racter, for it is here that the insight of the man of affairs reveals itself most plainly in the author. Napoleon's dominant and ruinous passion was the gambler's: "If common men live to risk chances in the lottery or with the dice, on the racecourse or the Stock Exchange, if there they can find the sting of excite- ment, war is the gambling of the gods. The hauntinjg risk of disaster; the un- speakable elation of victory; the gigan- tic vicissitiide of triumph and defeat; the tumult and frenzy and divine sweat; the very scorn of humanity. and all that touches it, life and property, and hap- piness; the anguish of the dying, the horror of the dead; all these sublimated passions not merely seem to raise man for a moment beyond his fellows, but constitute a strain which human nerves are not able long to endure. And Na- poleon's character was profoundly effec- ted by the gaminbling of warfare. The star of his destiny . .. was but the luck of the gamble on a vast scale." "Amorist, agonist, man, that inces- santly toiling and striving, snatches the glory of life only from love and from war," sings our own poet. But Na- poleon was too fond of war, too eager to use violence, too impatient of the inexorable brevity of life, which com- pelled him to hurry on his plans instead of waiting till the cement in the founda- tions had hardened. GENEROUS AND AFFEC- TIONATE. 'Was he a good man?" asks Lord Rosebery, in his final summing up, though not, we observe, without some trepidation lest the inquiry should pro- voke a smile. Yet other critics, at once competent and impartial, the American Mr Ropes, for instance, have already pronounced that "he is on the right side in the universal contest of human life and work." "He was,' says the author, "not so black as he was painted. . . . His lot was not cast in amonastery or in a pulpit. He came from Corsica a little Pagan, viewing the world as his oyster. He was reared in the life of camps and in the terrors of revolution. He was raised to rule a nation, which, in the horrors of a great convulsion, had formally renounced and practi- cally abjured Christianity. He had to fight for his own hand against the whole world . . . Until he chose to make a demigod of himself, and deliberately cut himself off from humanity, he was kind, generous, and affectionate." And for his faults, what an expia- tion! The dreary years of imprison- ment in his stable, for it was little bet- ter, at St. Helena — the irrevocable past — the hopeless future — the torture of remorse. . . . Each man strives to flee that secret foe, Which is himself. But move he swift or slow, That Self, for ever punctual at his heels, Never for one short hour will let him go. In fine, this is an absorbing book. 