Notes and News. Some little time since, Mr. J. Duff, laud lord of the Commercial Hotel, who has been practically blind for several years, had an operation performed in Maryborough by ?JJr. Garde, to one of his eyes, the cataract impeding his sight, beiDg removed. Mr. Duff tells us that so successful has the operation proved that on Saturday he was able to read tho Gympie Times, the first time for 4.} years. A Cooran correspondent writes : — An un usual number of accidents occurred at Cooran during the last week, but fortunately none of them have so far been fatal. Mr. Wilson, the stationrnaster, while shuntiug last Fri day, fell and put his ankle out; this will keep him from, his duty for -some weeks. Mr B. l'edersen, while loading timber in the Cooran yards on Thursday, got his head jammed between two logs. Temporary dressing was done here, and Mr Pedersen left by the 2 30 p.m. train for Gympie. llowhe escaped so lightly i3 said to be a mystery. -A truck loaded with logs was derailed at Cooran tho same day. Very little damage' was done to either wagon or road. The monthly meeting of the Chatsworth. Farmers' Progress Association was held on the 10th inst., Mr. H. Spiller in the chair. The principal business was the consideration of the letter from the Department of Agricul ture re the Diseases in Plants Act, It was decided lhat as Gympie was not a! general or export producing area it was not necessary to put the Act in ' full force,' Mr. Billman resigned the secretaryship, and Mr. H. K. Lee was appointed 'in his place. A strong feeliDg was expressed at the meeting in favour of the .Association having a building of their own for meetings, reading,- ;and recreation, instead of having, as at present, to be under a compliment to the neighbours. There is to be an interesting discussion at the next meeting (on the 'Friday before the full moon) on ' Why the European does not succeed in vegetable- cultivation ,. its 'cause and remedy.'' ' ' ? At the Police Court on Saturday, before Mr. I\ P. Parkinson, P.M., an inebriate .was cautioned and discharged. — Yesterday John Whelan, for heing di uak in Mary street at half-past 1 o'clock on Sunday afternoon, was fioed 5s, or 12 hours. The City Football Club's annual -social took place in the Masonic Hall on Thursday night, and proved a great success. About CO couples attended, and thoroughly 'enjoyed themselves, great praise being dua to the honorary secretaries who wos keel so hard to make the affair a success. Mr, J. Denham performed the duties of M.C. efficiently, and Mr. A. Glegg (piano) provided the music. Messrs. Svm (of Maryborough), Gory and Hourigan enlivened the proceedings with a number of songs. The second concert of the Miss Marie Narelle Company at the Theatre Koyal on Saturday night was only po.orly attenled, but what the audience lacked in numbers, it made up for in enthusiasm, nearly every item being encored. Miss Marie Narelle was again very successful, more especially with her encore numbers ; while Miss Maud Dalrymple's voice was heard to advantage, in her numbers, her song ' Sunshine and Rain,' being considered oim of the best of the evening. Mr. John Lemmono ngain showed his marvellous control over the flute, and was vociferously encored. We learn that the Presbyterian Church Choir have in preparation for lovers of music another of their popular concerts. A few of the good choruses that are always worthy of repetition, as well as some new and equally good ones, are on the programme, and judg ing by recent rehearsals this entertainment promises to excel even those of former occa sions. A copy of '?Fighting Bob's Polka,' a spirited composition by Mr. Anhur Tain, an amattur musician ou the Downs, has- reached us. We cau endorse what a contemporary says in reference to it : — This composition not only does him credit but is pregnant with promises of even better things in the future. It is simple, tuneful, and has a 3atchy air, oue that is very easily learned, ind should make it suitable for beginners as well as u eful in the b ill-room. An excellent portrait of ' Fightin' Bobs ' graces the title page,' and the whole piece reflects credit on the printers, publishers, and composer, and should have a good sale. The banana trade is very brisk at proscnt (says Monday's Towusville Bulletin), be tween 10,000 aud 12,000 bunches arriving weekly, besides large quantities of cases, from the Northern plantations. It is a curiou3 fact lhat bananas in Melbourne and Sydney, the markets chiefly served by North Queensland, are sold at considerably lower rates than in Townsville, A letter from Birdsville, received at Charleville, reports .that the district is in a pitiable state. The writer states that he travelled over 400 miles of country without seeing enough grass to give his horse a feed. Butcher's meat is a thing of the past in Birdsville, and the people are living on tinned meats. Arraburry station started shearing some time ago, but had to knock off, and Haddon Downs, which generally cut out before this, has not been able to start yet. A Brisbane barman for the past twelve years, giving evidence before the Licensing Commission on Friday, said the present Act he considered unworkable. Such a clamour was raised that regular week day customers would not be satisfied unless their wants ware supplied on the Sunday. He had been in houses where the Sunday traffic was not permitted. At his present place of employ nent the licensee was really forced to open. Scores of people came into the hall during the day demanding drink. He had served 500 aud GOO drinks on a Sunday, The customers were principally young men, who came from suburbs were the law was more strictly en forced than the city. John Hennessy, a fireman on the steamer Rockton, had the calf of his right leg torn away by a shark while he was bathing at Townsville on Saturday evening. A road traction .engine is successfully competing with the railway between West Maitland and Scone (N.S.W.). The Western Argus (Kalgoorlie) says : — These goldfields just now are being invaded more than usual by a class of people called ' concession huoters.'» The fact that one or two concessions have been successfully en gineered through lately makes the sport all the keener, and each' hunter has his own particular quarry in view. Just as the rab bits take full possession in some parts of Auatralia, so do these people infest the goldfields, and nothing seems to shake them oil or discourage them. Last year there were 48 disputes in New Zealand', 15 oE which were settled in the Court of Conciliation and 33 by, the Court of Arbitration, and the total cost to the people of New Zealand was £2,800— £1,500 for.tbe Court of Conciliation and. £1,300 -ioritho Court of Arbitration. Dirt cheap !. :. - The ' Flying Scotchman ' which left King's Cross for Edinburgh on 1st July was a vastly superior train in several respects to all previous expresses on the East Coast route. The new train is made up of car riages built either with side gangways or as open saloons, so that the passengers have a choice of carriages in which to travel, and can walk from one end o£ the train to the other. There are eight coaches, aggregating 500ft. in length, and accommodation is pro vided for 50 first class and 21 1 third- class passengers. With the additional attractions of a dining-car the train approaches in com fort a well ordered hotel. It runs smoothly and with a minimum of noise. Among the pupils of (ho Parisian lycees honored at the Sorboune recently,, was a youth named Villey. who, though blind from his birth, has studied to such purpose 03 to gain the first prize for history. One of his comrades, it appears, has constantly helped him by .looking up words in the dictionary, while tha boy himself composed his essays with the aid of a type writer. The tenacity of purpose which has enabled a lad so severe ly handicapped to win a distinction which places him at the head of all the lyoee stud ents in Paris points an old moral. The following is a description of a ''aountry newspaper proprietor' from an American provincial newspaper. It is not altogether impossible of application to some of the more remote districts of Australia : — 'We look into the cradle and behold a baby boy. At the age of 10 he is a noisy boy, with half the buttons off his pants, and an eye for meanness. At the age of 15 he is a devil in a print shop ; at 25, th.9 publisher of a country newspaper, at the head of every enterprise calculated to improve the town pr enrich the business thereof ; at 35 he is an emaciated and worn-out man, with holes in his pocket, and a bald head ; at the age of 50 he is a corpse in a cheap coffin, and his only resources left behind are long primer type, a Washington hand press, and a sub scription book with 500 delinquent sub-; seribers, who line up and march past the coffin, saying, 'He was a public-spirited * fellow, but he oould not savo anything.' ' Jack the Eipper is dead. He- died (says Figaro) in- a private lunatic asylum in England unknown to the majority of the public, but his identity waB fully established some time before his death. He ? was a medical student of good family and consider able means, and there is no reason to sup pose that when his family first put him under foroiblo restraint they had any idea that he was the author of the Whitechapel horrors. Two prominent journalists, G. E, Sims and T. P. O'Connor, M.P., are among the few who know the facts of the case The whole maltor has been kept very dark, as it was felt that no good end would be served by re-opening the case. The police authorities, however, werG aware of the circumstanoos, and undoubtedly felt relieved when this human fiend gave up tho ghost. For the year ending May 31 the revenue of the Glasgow Municipal Tramways amounted to J3469.965 10s lid, and the working expenses to £344,661 0s Gd. leaving a gross balance of £125,304 Is 5d. The revenue of the previous year was £439,224 Is 8d, and the woiking expenses were £318,105 18s Id, leaving a gross balance of £121,118 3s 7d. The Lady and the Diamond. — A well known Sydney lady had a remarkable experi ence the other day. She was going home in_a George-street tram, after an afternoon's shopping, carrying her purse and purohases, in true female fashion, on her lap. Opposite sat a stylishly dressed man, beariog on his finger' an .exceptionally brilliant diamond, ring. This fact attracted the lady's notice by the flashing of the gem as the light fell on its facets. At one of the stopping places the car was-besieged by passengers, and the lady, transferring the purse from her lap to ( the pocket of a tailor-made jaoket she was wearing, and gathering up her numerous parcels, made room for the new comers. In the- stir the diamond-adorned in dividual crossed ' over and sat alongside' her. At the next ' stop ' he got off the tram and disappeared. To the. lady's surprise^ she found, when called upon ldvpay hepfare, that her purse was missing, but a friendly person in the car came to the rescue' and settled with the conductor. Judge of the lady's astonishment' when, on reaching home, she put her hand in her pocket and found lying in a corner the large and lustrous diamond worn by the man in the tram. Upon beins shown to a jeweller, the diamond was valued at £50. The police have nob yet been advised by the individual of his loss* — Daii/? Telegraph. ' Beta,' the celebrated palmist adept, advertises consultation for the last time up to 9 o'clock to- night. *#* 