MOUNT ADRAH, (From Our Own Correspondent). During the past week we have had .very heavy rain, and, as a result, have had the highest flood seen in the creeks for some years. Fences were washed away in all directions, and the flats, which a week ago had luxuriant grass, are now covered with several inches, and some places feet, of sand and slush. Fortunately there has been no loss of stock. At Lower Tarcutta the flood was only about a foot lower than that of 1800, and was running over tho lower hand-rail of the bridge, or about 2 feet G inches over the deck. The mail coach from Wagga on Thursday was unable to cross, consequently mails wore de livered many hours late. From about 9 o'clock in the morning of Thursday until about 5 in the evening, I ex pected to seo tho bridge carried away, for from the hotel, half a mile distant, the timber could be plainly seen piling againstj and I believe it was packed for a chain up stream ; so there must have been an enormous pressure against it. On Thursday afternoon a man named Foster attempted to cross from the Wagga side on horseback. He got safely over the bridge, but had no sooner left it than the stream car ried him, horse and all, into the main creek, and, though ho could bo plainly seen from the hotel, there was no chance to render any assistance had it been required.. Fortunately he escaped with a good drenching and a night's delay in his journey. It was also re ported that an employee on Borambola Station was five hours viewing the scenery on top of a log, pending the arrival of a boat to convey him to more comfortable quarters, but I could not learn any particulars. About here, also, a great quantity of fencing has been washed away and much grass destroyed. So much has been written in your columns of late re the state of the roads that I fear the subject will be monotonous. However, if all the roads are in the same state of neglect as they are about here, then no com plaint has been widely enough pro claimed, for they are nothing more than mud-holes and miniature lakes. What are supposed to be drains aro, for the most part, filled up, while the water'they ought to carry away runs at its own sweet will, hither and thither, across the road, cutting devious and winding ruts that are an annoyance and danger to all traffic and a disgrace to whoever is responsible. Eut there is no use railing, because until the people of tho country rise and demand that thamoney collected for road pur poses ?fyb' expended where collected, or a comprehensive Local Government Act brought in and passed, the country districts will continue to suffer. The gross proceeds. of j'thoBa'sket Social held hero were £10 Is! The expenses amounted to 19s, leaving a nett profit of £9 2s, which latter1 amount has been forwarded to the secretary of tho Saturday and Sunday hospital movement at Guudagai. It was not repaired, nor were the neglected gardens put into ovon decent order, so it was no wonder that stories of ghosts in connection with tho closed house began to get about. It does not t'iko much to start a ghost story in this nineteenth century, even in tho heart of London, amid uncongenial surroundings; and this was an outlying district of a suburb, tho house itself and its immediate sur roundings well fitted for tho perambu lation of ' spooks,' though only one 'spook ' was in question — that of the jniserly old money-lender, who, some asserted, was scon after nightfall in the weed-grown gardens. Meanwhile Scotland Yard pursued its investigations, but got no further. ' Mr. Darn ford ' could not bo found, nor did a tittle of other evidence crop up to indicatt tho murderer of the poor old man. In society and in some of the papers there were veiled hints to the eil'ect that it would be. at least satisfactory if Mr. Esmond would clear up the mystery of his whereabouts on the evening of the murder. Others suggested that James Blake ' could, an' ho would ' thtow light on the crime ; but the unlucky clerk certainly profited nothing by the stolen money, if indeed he had any hand in tho theft. He was reduced to great poverty, finding it difficult to obtain a situation, and Kuby Stapleton saw no reason why she should do anything for him. He was glad at last to accept a post where there were several clerks ' over him, and the salary was that of a junior. It did not seem as if Barton Grey's gold brought luck, for Mrs. Stapleton, quickly besieged by clamorous credi tors, found herself compelled to part with all but a remnant of her newly acquired fortune ; and being thus com paratively cleared, she proceeded, as people accustomed to debt invariably do, to run up a fresh pile, with the greater impunity because she was credited with inheriting from Barton Grey three or four times tho amount of money that actually came into her possession. Perhaps the pretty widow herself did something towards helping on old Dame Humour, who is as prone to treble our fortunes as to dismember our characters. If only Darnford could be found and made to pay his debt to the money-lender's estate, she would recoup some of her losses in paying greedy creditors. She had the de faulter's letters with Grey's other papers, in the miser's iron strong-box ; but it did not seem likely that the writer would be ever uneaithed. Chapter X. The autumn evening closed in, moonless and stormy, over the Surrey landscape. The sobbing wind swept through the fast thinning trees, and brought down fresh showers of leaves every gust. The lights in the Bransmere cot tages wont out one by one as evening wore on into night. A solitaiy labourer here and there trudged home ward through the lanes, and then the only lights that twinkled out into the darkness came from the sexton's little cottage overlooking the church yard, and a house not far from- it, which stood back in a garden. Over the gate of the garden was a red lamp, denoting the residence of the Bransmere doctor- , There was no sight or soand of human life; other than his own, when old Dick Green, the sexton, came forth from his cottage, spade and lan tern in hand, and closed the door be hind him. The wind swirled round him, and swept away moaning in the distanco, dying down in a sob among tho gra^ cs, as if it mourned for the dead, and anon rising up and romping through tho trees, and shrieking round the grey old church tower, startling the great white owl which, for fifty years and more, they said, had nested in the ivy. A man, one might think, would need strong nerves to go into the churchyard on a night like this, to fill up a new-made grave ; but sextons don't come of a nervous stock, and use is everything. Dick Green had buried some scores of his fellow-creatures .in his: time, and was good for- some years move of his gruesome work ; for he was still hale and hearty; though tur ned sixty-five, and bent more by the nature of his occupation than by any infirmity. . ?. ,.. ? _\ ,. --r..:: The grave was not many yards from Green's cottage-door, and close to a group of trees, whose boughs, wayed almost above it, sending dead' leaves flying down 'into' the bxcavated!'space. The funeral was that afternoon. Not a village funeral ; it. came from London, ; -,:trj.',.,,'..','\,.,,.'' And a shabby funeral it was hi some ways, the sexton said afterwards to one of his cronies. Ne'er a mourner that' belonged ''to'1 the corpse ; her- iriothet^'vAvh6i!Ta'y in tho same grave, was buried in much better style. Green remembered the funeral quite well. He had a wonderful memory for all concerning his business, and could tell yon details of funerals that took place years ago, though some would- think' the sameliness and frequency of these functions would confuso bin as to dis tinctive features. .. :'?'./,'. ? His wife — she had been dead those thirty years — had a grander . funeral: than this, ho said ; and the Geldarfcs were county folk. .,It,)yas a shame to bury one witli only a servant and a doc tor to follow, 