CYCLING. Tte local League of North Queens land Wheelmen have Issued a pro gramme for the 23rd June, the day af ter the Charters Towers races. The added money is 120. and the eveats are Winter Plate, of 30 sovs., two miles; June States, 15 sovs., .1 mile; Second class Scratch Race, £8; Grand Cycling Contest, of £30. over three and five miles; Plying Handicap, £7, half-a raile; Maiden Handicap, £5, a mile; Tombs' Handicap. £3. half-a-mile. There is also a Sheffield 'Handicap of £20, and goat race cf £1/10/-. One danger ahead of cycling man agement in North Queensland is -the concentration cf iMers in what are col cquially known as stables. At the last Towers cycle race meeting the four principal handicaps were won by riders in the one stable, and in three of those events the different winners were splendidly 'paced' by''stable-mates.' The stable was an such rare form thai the winners would probably have won without assnstancj, but wiih the pacing they got, "the other riders had not the ghost of a chance. Take <£he"two-mile for instance. , One of the stable paced splendidly for four laps, and the ulti mate winner njever appeared in front until he sprinted near the home turn. Of course his pacer threw away l»is chance of the race; he practically never 'Med,' because after setting the pace' for se many laps it was Impossible he could win. The Racing Board were powerless to interfere, because if they penalised men who make the pace: they would convert handicap races into the crawls that most of the scraitcb races dissolve themselves into. The race was a very interesting one, but if- the local 'stables' are not broken up they will scare off outside competition-, and thus make the racing less attractive. The Townsville men, for instance, had not a. ghost of a show. No doubt when our riders visit the coast, -they are 'on rhair own' and the Townsville 'stables' have the best of it, but that is only a stronger argument why the manage ment in b&th; places should take action. One safeguard against the trouble fis the placing of all the members of a stable inj one heait; it is an excellent one, but Is rendered less >0ffectJlve by the ab surd rule which, allows the fastest tame second men in two heats to compete An the final. This simply means that when two of the stable are together in the one heat they pace one another artistically, and the result is that the first and second of the stable qiialfify for the final struggle, and a pacer for the 1 est of the two is assured. If the trainers of the June programme have any desire to check this growing evil they will only allow winners of heats to appear in the final; no heat in winch a second can gait a place an the final can ever be regarded as a genuine race. 