(Before Mr. Justice Hensman and a Jury of Six.) W. WBEA.TI/EY V. W. T. M-LEOD. This was an action for malicious prosecu tion. Mr. Earney aad Mr. Abbott (instruct ed by Air. Abbuu) appealed ier the plaintifi, and Mr. James ana six. Staweli (instructed by Mr. Stawell) lor the defendant. Mr. Haraey, in opening the case for the plaintiff, said that Wheaiiey was a respect able young man occupying a good position as employe of che Diamond Drilling Company ' of Kalgoorlie. The defendant was the pro prietor of another diamond-drilling concern of Kalgoorlie. On March 25 the defendant lost a diamond bit, containing seven Brazilian, diamonds of considerable value. He made in quiries, bat discovered nothing of the dia monds, until June 5, when he saw them in the shop of a jeweller named Mackay, who satisfied the delendant that he had got them from another jeweller. il'Leod therefore took XiO action, but on the following day he learned that .Wljga-tley lia-d been, seen offering the diamonds ior sale. It would naturailv have been thought that M'Lcod would have come to the conclusion that Wheatley got the dia monds from Mackay, with whose explanation, he had been previously satisfied, but he did not come to that conclusion. On the other hand, lie at once had him arrested and thrown into' prison on the charge of having received the diamonds knowing them to be stolen. There might be some doubt as to whether it seas not the police who instituted the proceedings, bnt when the plaintiff had been brought beiore the police magistrate on June 12, and the police had withdrawn the charge, the defendant, instead of apologising, substituted for the original charge a fresh charge of larceny against- the plaintiff. The magistrate sent the plaintiff to trial, but at the Quarter Sessions the Crown prosecutor entered a nolle prosegui, knowing that he had not the ghost of a chance of proving the charge. M'Leod had been told that he was making a mistake in having the plaintiff ar rested, because he had had the diamonds, placed in his hands by Mackay, who -desired him to place tliem on offer to his (Wheatley's) employers, who offered £10 per carat for them, which offer the plaintiff had refused, because he wanted the full market price of £13. When told this story, M'Leod did not take the slightest trouble to ascertain its truth, but replied, ''I don't care ; I will go on with it.™ There was evidently bad feeling be tween the defendant and the plaintiff, because the latter was 'taking steps to promote a new diamond-drilling syndicate, whereas the de fendant's concern and the company employ ing the plaintiff at the time held a monopoly. This was evidently the cause of M'Leod's actions. The man who was charged with the theft of the diamonds was charged on the same day that Wheatley appeared in fche police court. He was released on bail, but 'owing to the strenuous opposifcioa of tJie de fendant's solicitor Wheatley was refused bafl. Evidence was then called to support this story. The court then adjourned until 10.30 this morning. 