TOWN TOPICS. I notice that the report of tho tho Royal Commission on scripture lessons for Htato Schools in Viotoria, has prepared a bulky report covering over 400 foolscap pages. Tho chair man of the Commission, Archdeacon Langley, has just handed this precious volume to tno Premier of tho Southorn colony, but I am inolinud to think that tho intelligent elector will bo a bit puzzlod to find out precisely what lie is to voto for. In order to let him havu a little light on tho matter, It has toon sug Seated that throe spocinion lessons in each vision, with a prayer and a hymn attached shall bo sont to every oleotor In Victoria. It would soom to bo a cumbrous schonio and cal culated to raise sectarian feelings, and tho task of eonting to a clear decision on the mattor will not be made any easie, if tho referendum be tajreti at tho Federal election.' Mr. Alan Mjctoan, thanked .aha Commission for its labodre on tho subject, and promised to eend tho report to cho Minister for Education for lib best and early attention. Canny old 1 Hielan mou " that ho is, and hold! ng the opinions on such a matters that hedoos, tho Premier will cortainly not bo an enthusiastic supporter of tho scheme prnposod. I do not think if it bo submitted to tho electors that It will have tho ghost of a show of being ratified. It is a pathotiu ptcluro that tho cables givo us ooneerninc tho ux-prasidontof tho Transvaal ; and oertainiy poor old Kiuger does not present a very heroic figure now. In bis pitiable condition ho is liko many another potentate who Iias hail his briuf day. Ho uortafuly suffers by comparison with many of his compatriots, whoso uitsolllili devotion is unquestioned ami his attitudo now is strongly hi contrast with lho time when ho promise jlVstaggor humanity." Yut after all one fcs/iTcorpity tor tho old man, who did good "work in his day, whilo ho regrets the onatinaey thrti has but prolonged tho suffering aliko ot Krugor uml his people. Ail the Bocra' foreign friends uxccptafow who nre "fighting for their own hands," havo deserted tho iU-fatod republics, and Mr. Michael Davittevon has confessed that ho has toon diailluaioniaod. Our rcspoctcd Minister for Lands socuik to to given a good deal of worry by tho pooplo who havo "gone on the laud," and honowcomplaius of "that tired fooling" among selector. It scams too that Mr. Has&ill; makes out (lis case. It it said that much oould be written of tlio diUtorinessof the selectors ot Australia, who Are "too tired" to tako tho smallost step towards advauciug their own interests. Ono of the mutators in the Assembly tbo otbur ovoniug astounded tho Minister by -asking, that seeing that lho operations of lho Ro-appmisoment Act wore limited to two yeare If hn would "stir up" the departmental otlioials for tiio delay. Mr. Hassatf promptly retorted that it seemed that tho only pursons who required tho stirring up process, wore thoso whom tho Act was designed to benefit. Applications wero lagging, and a number of pooplo wore waiting to see how their neighbours got on beforo (hoy mado their own applications. The Department hod nob faitcd in its duty, all the nocussary stops having toon takon) tbo blamo of any doiay lay upon thoso who wanted their pro- perty ro-appraiBcu, you una niauo no applica tion. Attempts havo been mado to purgo tho electoral rolls at times, with greater ur loss success, but mt attempt was mado hi the Assembly this week to get' a bill through for the purgation of tho roll of justices of thu peace. It was sought to decfaro'that anyone of "tho great unpaid" who should seek tho comfort, of "i/ohiif un Kinc- atroet " should bo doomed unfit to fino tlio widowed owner of a vagrant goat, whilo thoso who had been guilty of all or any of tho crimes on tho calender would havo their names blotted' out of tho J.P/s book of life. It was sangulnely claimed by the inlroducnr of tho bill that it would net automatically, by tho offence Itsolf involving the loss of uiiico. -Tbo majority of mombors failed to sou the matter In this light, and argued that Supreme Court Judges, members of Parliament, and others should be similarly dealt with. An unsympathetic and heavy-footod majority stamped lho bill out. It is said that tho Duko and Duchess of York are to bo spared by their aged and regal grand- dam to pay tho colonies a visit, ao that tho son of the Princo of Wales may open tho Fodural Parliament. Now I have nothing to say Against tho visit, or tho Duko himself, who is earn to bo a doceot sort of a prince, and, according to an English Mayor whoso use of his mother tonguo was a bit shaky, populous" prinoe, built strikes nm that tho most appro- friato porson to open tho flfrst 'session of tho arllamcnt of the Commonwealth is tho Governor-General. I don't eoe tho " para mount fltnoss" which a certain politician says he soes in the proposal. It seems more liko a snub to Lord Hope toon. 