SHORT sTO ItY. v'.:- T»o Old Levers. (Continued from last week.) They lire! so quietly that she escaped to a great extent the onrious questions of the gossips. The one or two -who contrived to ask 'her if her marriage would not now take place she answered with a gentle dignity and reserve that disarmed them. These concluded that, with unnecessary delicacy, the marriage was not to be dis cussod till old Michael had lain tbe orthodox twelve months in hie cra,v« 'A. year more or less can't matter to them,' said Mrs Piper, the doctor's wife, and people with smiles or with pity, ac cording to their natures, accepted this view of the matter. The months went by monotonously, and things remained in just the same way. Wilhe had never spoken of marriage, and was never likely to now. And Jane aged rapidly. She grew very thin as time went on, und quite lost the soft roundness which had hejped to keep her figure young. Many people had remarked on how thin she was growing before the fact was borne in on those who saw her every day. When Willie discovered it at hist, she made light ' X am growing old. Willie,' she said; -I shall be an old bag of booes presently. We all made thia old women in our family. You remember Aunt Maggie, Molly f I shall be just like her. But the thin ones are the strongest, after all,' She used to make a jest of her leanness after that, drawing attention to the bird's claw's her fingers were becoming and to her thin wrists, with a nervous laughter which for a timo deceived herself. She fought hard against her bodily weakness, and would let none of her duties fall on her sistur, however tirad the eveniog might find her. At last Willie Maturin's' slow eyes were opened. He had come in one evening, to find her asleep in her chair. Something in the worn face and quiet attitude terrified him. For a moment he stooped to listen for her nrem.f:1iin*Y Tl.na _^i.i ? ±. ? , ? ? i ? i_ . ~*~wvuui£. j.neu( wiinouu waiting attr, no went out to Mary in the Kitchen. HiB whole aspect had changed. An immense fear had filled him with an energy strange to his nature. He had closed the parlour door very gently, but he burst in on Mary wild and excited. ' What has come over Janie ?' he cried. ' She is asleep in her chair and looks like a dead woman.' 'Oh, Willie, don't speak of such a thing. It is only that she has been run down lately. She will pick up when the spring comeB.' ' Dreadful, dreadful !' he cried, walking up and down. ' It looks to me, Mary, as if we had gone near losing her. Oh, how blind and dull I have been!' ' We will send for Dr. Piper.' ' Piper is no gaod. I will drive over myself in the morning and fetch Dr. Had don from Nbrmanstowe. She must have the best advice money can procure.' 'We mustn't frighten her, Willie.' The man stood still and stared at her. Big drops of sweat were on his forehead, and his disordered hair stood np. 'Ton look like a ghost, Willie. Ton mustn't look like that when she sees you, or she will suspect something amiss.9 'I shall not frighten her, I promise you. How long ia it since she began to grow iHP Ioughttokn»w — but, pray God for give me! ? 1 never saw it fully till to night.' ' She was strong enough np to the time of poor father's -death, and for a while afterwards. I remember now one night she talked strangely— said she was tired of life, and wanted to get away somewhere. Soon after that I noticed she didn't seem bo brisk.' ' I thought she was always happy. God forgive me for not taking better care of her !' When Jane Archibald woke up it was to find Willie beside her, watching her. She did not notice the disturbance in bis glance. She had ceased to look ior any thing more than the placid affection which had bean theirs so many years. He insisted on fetching her tea to her, and performing many affectionate offices for her, all of which Bhe accepted with languid content. After tea, when Mary had left them to gether, he broke to her his project of get ting Dr. Haddon to her. She did not seem at all alarmed. 'lam not very well,' she said, 'and- if it pleases you to have a doctor, I shall not unnd, Hot that I think he will do ma any good. It is only that I wn getting old and laty. Hut why an erpensive doctor like Dr. HaddonP Dr. Piper would do quite well.' . ' liper is a fool, and you axe too precious to be in his hands, livery hair of your head it precious to m«.' UowL'many years had gone by Bince he had spoken such words ! As they fell on her ears Jane Archibald blushed like any girl, and for am instant she looked well and Happy. ' iou are too good to me, Willie,' she said, putting her thin hand into his. . That evening his tenderneis was a de light to h'er. She was ready to bless the illness which had reawaked it, and shs looked 'quito bright to receive l-r. Haddon ? next morning. The -'distinguished specialist seemed interested in bis new patient. After th« professional part of his visit had been paid, he talked with her for quite a long time, considering how valuable a com modity time waa to him. All through he watched her keenly from under his busby eyebrows out of the brighest eyes. He asked her' many questions about her way ofnfe. ' And Mi. Maturin,' he said at last, 'the gentleman who came for me? H» ifl a near relative, I suppose ?' Jane Archibald blushed, ' I am engaged to him,' she answered. ' Oh, indeed ! Tou tie to be married soon ?' '-! do not know; there is nothing HUVUWUj OUV MUUMWlj «hP-U IIUDU OLIO lUU^VU down at her fingers, that trembled in her lap. The doctor said no more, and soon after wards took his leave. 'There is nothing organically wrong with tier,' he said to Willie Maturin and Mary, who were anxiously awaiting his verdict, ' but there is extreme weakness. She presents the symptoms of a person who has been slowly starved ; she wants an immense deal of building np and strengthening, or Bhe will go into con uuinpcion. That losing flesh is really a serious matter ; but, as I have said, there is no organic mischief as yet. only extreme uraemia. Tonics and good food, these will work wonders.' Williu Maturin went with him to his carriage. As the doctor stood with his foot on the step, a sudden thought Beemed tostriKChim. 'Drive oil, Jenkins/ he said to his coachman, ' and wait for me outside the gate. I will walk down.' ' You will walk with ma, Mr. Maturin P' he boid, turning to his companion. They walked in Bilence for a minute or two, enjoying the bright sunshine of the winter day/ then, when the carnage had . rounded a bend in the road, Or. Uaddon suddenly stopped and iaoad Willie Maturin. . \\. ' ,' . 'Yba will forgive me,' he said, putting his hand en the other man's shoulder kindly, ' if 1 ask yon a question. I gather that you are Hiss Arohibald'r lover, Bow long taye you bean engaged to her?' — - 'How long f Why, always! I never thought of any other woman.' - ' And when are you to ba married ?' ' There is nothing settled.' 'There is nothing settled! My good sir, do you think time lasts for ever P Do you think there are no euoh thwjs as age and death? I'm afraid you are a cold sort of lover.' The other man looked at him blankly. ' I was not so once. Her father forbade our marriage, and she accepted her father's will. Afterwards, as the years passed, I grow reconciled to it.' ' And would have been reconciled to it till tho end, ehp I am glad we have had this conversation, I can now better understand my patient's illness.' ' What do you mean P' ' I thought it was tho mind. We doctors can do little with the body when the mind is ill at ease. Make her marry you at once, and take her away; it is her only chance, poor thing.' ' She is not going to die ?' ' If she goes on as she is going, she will not be alive this day twelvemonths; but-I believe happiness will gave her.' ' Thank you, doctor ; I will follow your advice. I dare not think of -the conse quences if I fail.' 'I don't think you will fail. I will come again on Thursday, and shall expect to find things much better. Good-morning, Mr Maturin.' ' Good-morning, doctor. Wish me God speed.' ' I do, Mr. Maturin.' He weHt back to the room where Jane Archibald sat in a big chintz-covered chair by the fire. Something patient in her look smote him intolerably as he came in. He leant over her and put his cheek to hers. ' How delightf ul'y frosty you are !' she said. ' It makes me want to get out.' ' That is a good Bign, Janie ; you have been moping of late.' ' I have, but I feel better to-day. It makees me happy to think that you care, so ' Didn't you know I cared, Janie ?' She Baid nothing, and he knelt down and put his head on her knee. ' You remember the grey silk dress you wore one evening soon after your father died, Janie ?' 'Yes, dear.' 'It would not be too cold for you to wear in a carriage, snpposing you W6re warmly wrapped up.' ' I suppose not, dear. But wh»t are you thinking about ?' 'About our marriage, Janie, Do you think I am going to wait for ever? I shall not wait a day or an hour longer than I can help. I am going to marry you and take yon away at once to some warm place where you will get strong.' ' Oh, Willie,' said the woman, with her faded prettiness suddenly blossoming like a rose : ' bat there will be so much to be done !' ' There ib this to be done. As soon as I can tear myself away from you, my sweet, I am riding to Normanstowe for a license. Brown Bess is at the door saddled for me. I shall wait for nothing — nothing. And I have » fancy for your wearing the grey silk dress when we are married. Will you )«t ai«« ?? ?-«¥?' 'Yes, go,' she said, making with her hands as if she would have lifted him up. She .'ooked herself aB if she were filled with a new life. He came back in the lata afternoon with the license and her wedding ring. He brought in with him a big parcel from a draper's Bhop, which, being opened, proved to contain a beautiful cloak of grey velvet, fur-trimmed and warmly lined. He laughed at her remonstrancas about his extravagance. ' The money has somehow gathered dur ing those years,' he said; 'I can qoite afford to give my wife anything in reason, and things will not suffer in my absence. I have arranged with Beaman about the winter work, and I have every confidence tuat things will goon well till the spring brings us home.' Dr. Haddon only saw his patient once morn, and was eminently satisfied with the change in her. Before tbe gossips had Wiikooed up to what was going on the old lovera were married and gone. Those who caught a glimpse of the bride said Bhe looked quite young and handsome, though extremely delicate, in her grey velvet cloak and little grey bonnet. Her hus band, at all events, saw no fault in her, hot the in him. \- Some weeki later they were sitting to gether on the edge of the Mediterranean' under a blue sky and a brigh't sun. Mrs. Maturin was now in no danger of going into consumption. She was picking up flesh rapidly, »nd her skin had grown quite firm and her eyes bright in the weeks that had elapssd since her marriage. ' Dr. Haddon said I was like a person who bad been starved,' she remarked sud denly. ' So I was, I was starving for hap pinesB, and should have died of the star vation very soon.' ' Can I erer forgive myself?' her husband said, leaning over to kisB her as romantic ally as a boy. ' My poor Willie !' she answered, turning eyes full of trust to him. ' You hava much to forgive me too. To think of th» yean we have lost ! You should have had your children growing «p about you by this time.' 'I would rather have you, my dear, than seveiKtall sons,' he mad* answer. 