A Great Victory. Sermon bt Late Rev. C. H. Spurceox. j For whatsoever is born of God overcom eth the world; and this is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith. —1 John v. 4. THE text speaks of a treat victory—the victory of victories —the greatest of all. We know of great battles where nations have met in strife, and one has overcome the other; bat who has read of a victory that over came the world? Some will say that Alexander was its conqueror; but I answer, nay. ' He was himself the vanquished man, even when all things were in his possession. He.fought for the world, and wou it ; and then mark how it mastered its master, conquered its con* queror, and lashed the monarch who hail been its scourge. Sec the royal youth weeping, and stretching out his hands with idiotic cries, for another world which he might ravage. He seemed, in outward show, to have overcome the whole earth; but really, within his inmost soul, the earth had couqucrcd liim, _ had over . whelmed him, had wrapped him in the dream of ambitiou, girdled -liim ..with the chains of covetousness, so that when he had all, he was still dis satisfied ; and, like a poor slave, was dragged on at the chariot-wheels of the world, moaning, lamenting, because he conld not win another. In what sense does the Christian overcome the world? A tough battle, sirs, I warrant yon; not ' one which carpet knights mignt win; no easy skirmish that he might win who dashed to battle on some sunshiny day, looked at the host, then turned his courser's rein, and daintily dismounted at .the door of his siiken tent—not one which he shall gain who, but a raw recruit .to day, puts on his regimentals, and fool ishly imagines that one week of service will ensure a crown of glory. Xay, friends, it is a life-long war—a fight needing the power of all these muscles, and this strong heart ; a contest 'which shall want all our strength, if we are to be triumphant; and if we do come off more than conquerors, it shall be said of us, as Hart said of Jesus ' Christ: " He had strength enough and none to spare"; a battle at which the stoutest heart might quail; a fight at which the bravest might shake, if he did not remember that the Lord is on his side, and, therefore, whom shall he fear? He is the strength of Ids-life; of whom shall be be afraid? Most of you do just as everybody else does, and' that is enough for you. If you see So-and-so do a dis honest thing in business, it is sufficient for you that everybody does it. If ye see that the majority of mankind have cer tain habits, ye succumb, ye yield. Ye think, I suppose, that to march to hell _ia- crowds will help to diminish the fierce heat of the burning of the bottomless pit, instead of remembering that the more faggots the fiercer will be the flame. Men usually swim with the stream like a dead fish; it is only the living fish that goes against it. It is only the Christian who despises customs, who does not care for conventionalisms, who only asks himself the question, "Is it right or is it wrong? If it is right, I will be singular. If there bis not another man in this world who will ?do it, I will do it." * ;r ""However, the text speaks of a great j birtli. " Whatsoever is born of God over- j cometh the world." This new birth is the! mysterious point in all religion., If yon I preach anything else except the new birth, | jrou will always get on well with your hearers; bnt if yon insist that in order to enter heaven there most be a radical change ' (though this is the doctrine of the Scrip-1 tures) it is so uupaktable to mankind in ! general that you will scarcely get them to listen. Ah! now ye turn away if I begin to tell you that " except ye be born of water and of the Spirit, ye cannot enter the kingdom of heaven." If I tell you that there must, be a regenerating influence ex erted upon your minds by the power of the Holy Ghost, then I know ye. will say, "It-is enthusiasm." Ah! but it is the enthusiasm of the Bible. There I stand; by this I will bo judged. If the Bible does not say wc must be born again, then 1 give it up; but if it does, then do not distrust that truth on which your salvation hangs. * What is it to be born again, then? Very briefly, to be born again is to undergo a change so mysterious that human words cannot speak of it. As we cannot describe our first birth, so it is impossible for us to describe the second. "The wind bloweth where it listeth, and thou hearest the sonnd thereof, but canst not tell whence it cometh or whither it goeth; so is everyone that is born of the Spirit." But, while so mysterious, it is yet a' change which is known and felt. People are not bom again when they are in bed and asleep, so that they do not know it. They feel it, they experience it. This change is a supernatural one. It is not one that a man performs upon himself It is not leaving off drink and becoming sober; it is not turning from a Roman Catholic to a Protestant; it is not veering round from a Dissenter to a Churchman, or a Churchman to a Dissenter. It is a vast deal more than that. It is a new principle infused, which works in the heart, enters the very soul, and mores the entire man. Not a change of my name, but a renewal of my nature, so. that I am not the man I used to be, but a new man in Christ Jesus. It is a supernatural change —something which man cannot do, and which only God can effect; which the Bible itself cannot accomplish without the attendant Spirit of God; which no minis ter's eloquence can bring about—something so mighty and wondrous that it must be : confessed to be the work of God, and God alone. This new birth is an enduring change. If I anj really born again, if I hare taken Jesus Christ to bs my Saviour, and becdmc possessed by iaith of eternal life in Him, I shall never fall away. I may fall into sin, but I shall not fall final ly; I shall stand secure while life lasts; and when I die it shall be said— " Servant of God, well done! Rest from thy blest employ; The battle's fought, the victory's won; Enter thy rest of joy." Thero is a great grape. Persons who I aro born again xtally do overcome the world. How is this brought about ?• The test says, " This is the victory that over i cometh the world, even our faith." Christ | ians do not triumph over the world by rea I sou. Not'at ali. Reason is a very good ' thing, and nobody should find fault with it. Reason is a candle; but faith is a sun. Well, I prefer the sun, though I do not put out the candle. I use my | reason as a Christian man; I exercise it constantly: but when I come to real war fare, reason is a wooden sword; it breaks, it snaps; while faith, sword of true Jeru salem inetal, cuts to the dividing of soul | and body. My text says, "This is the victory which* ovcrcometh the world, even our faith." I want to tell you how it is | that faith helps Christians to overcome the | world. It always docs it liomccopathically. I You say, " That is a singular idea." So ; it may be. The principle is, that "like ! cures like." So does faith overcome the I world, by curing like with like. How does I faith trample upon the fear of the world? I By the fear of God. " Now," says the , world,. " if you do not do this I witl ; take away your life. If you do not bow ! down before my false god, you shall be | put in yon burning fiery furnace." *' But," ! says the man of faith, " I fear him who cau destroy both body and soul in hell. True, I may dread you, but I have a greater fear than that. I fear lest I should displease God; I tremble lest I should offend my Sovereign." So the one fear counterbalances the other. How does faith overcome the world's hopes? ''There," says the world, "I will give thee this, I will give tbee that, if thou wilt be my disciple. There is a hope foi you; you shall be rich, you shall be great." But faitb says, " I have a hope laid up iu hea ven; a hope which fadeth not away, eter nal, incorrupt, amaranthine hope, a golden hope, a crown of life"; and the hope of glory overcomes all the hopes of the world. "Afii" says the worid, "why not follow the example of your fellowsV "Because," says faith, "I will follow the example of Cfirist." If-the world puts one example before us, faith puts another. "Oh, fol low the example of such an one; he is wise, and great, and good," says the world. Says faith, "I will believe in and follow Christ; He is the wisest, the great est, and the best." It overcomes example by example. "Well," says the world, "since thou wilt not be conquered by all this, come, I will love thee; thou shalt be my friend." Faith says, "He that is the friend of this world cannot be the friend of God. God loves me." So he puts love against love; fear against fear: hope against hope; dread against dread and so faith overcomes the world by like curing like. How many are there here who are born , again V Some turn a deaf car. and say, " It is all nonsense; wc go to our place of worship regularly; put our hymn books and Bibles under our arm; and we are a very religious sort of people. 'Ah, soul! if I meet you at the bar of judgment, recollect 1 said—and God's Word said— "Except ye b6 horn again, ye shall not enter the Kingdom of Heaven;" Others of you say, "We caunot believe that being born again is such a change as you speak of; 1 am a great deal better than I used to be; I do not swear now, and I am very much reformed." Sirs, I tell you it is no little change. It is not mending the pit cher, but it is breaking it up and having a new one; it is not patching the heart, it is having a new heart and a right spirit. There is nothing but death unto sin, and life unto righteousness, that will save your j souls. There must be a change of heart, i real, radical, vital, entire, which only | Christ's salvation can effect. 