i?is> lv-Wv-=*.; irt£ ?I j?- -. r-*» !.?>?*.?-;?>> f+tzp v: - -?- -~: JACKS GHOST STORY. ' By BILL AB0XGER. ^ A "You know that, camp where Yellow Charlie was killed in a rush in 1894?"^ "Yes." v "Well, the, mob. i'ushed bad there; it took us all our tune to- hold 'em.,. Some of the men reckoned that Yellow Charlie was on the camp, and rushed the cattle." "Now, don't come the glpst yarn. Hanged, if I don't think half you horny uien believe that dead men walk. If * mob fizzes on -the camp someone's been killed there, and stirrin' up the cattle." . "I never said I believed Yellow Charlie started the mob. But how is.it that cattle ivoirf camp where there's a grave?" "There yon go. Did you ever 6ee a ghost in all the years you've been droyin' ?" "JJo, but I'll say the same as Mickey Free. There's plenty of tilings I haven't seen." This conversation was taking place at a travellers' camp on the Diamantintr. j^hfi five men who were chatting wore making into A Vinton. The working season was over, and they were in good spirits, as each man had a tidy cheque. They were lock ing forward to a spell, and, perilaps, a win "inside" at Christmas. Dick Saunders and Flinders Jack were cattlemen.; the others were shearers. Dick had just been recounting his adventures with a bad mob of cattle that he had as sisted to take to Wodonga the previous year. There was silence for a while after the last sally, and nothing was heard l-ut the tinkle of the bells, as the horses fed out on the downs. Hinders -lack suddenly sat up, and s:iid, "Now, putting jukes aside, ave you sure dead men don't walk? Diu any of you ever hear or -see anything you couldn't account for?" ' * | The men addressed puffed hard at their pipes, and considered. Jack went on, "Til tell you something I know for a fact, and you can form your own opinion.'' This was answered in chorus with "Good business, Jack," "Let's have it," "Out with it," and Jack settled himself to his tale. . In '88 or '87 I was travelling down the Macquarie, in New South Wales. I bid delivered 200 fats, and was 'making back to the station. The horse-tailer was vvitl/ me. It set in to rain before we'd gone far, and kept teeming down. We ploughed along "through the mud and water; it was low ground, and everything we had was soaked, swags and all. We were taking a fresh road back to the station, and neither of us knew it, so we kept a look out fo.- a dry knob to camp on. In the afternoon we aiet a. bloke, wiio said, "There's an empty house* a few mile on, but some reckon it's haunted-a mail killed his wife there. Perhaps* you chaps wouldn't care about cainpin' there.' We said we'd chance the spirits if it was dry inside, so we dodged along till we struck the house. There was a paddock fence between us and the place, but the grass was best outside. 1 started hoobling the loose horses, while Bill went over to see if we could get a camp. It was ab^ut five chain across. The sun was down, and it was getting dusk, so 1 hurried up with the hobbies. ' I fancied 1 heard something sing out, so I.locked nn. Bill was running at a great bat. He was looking back as he came, and die! not notice tue lcnce, so whop iie went into it, and tumbled out on his head. I knew he'd got a scare, but I pretended I didn't'see him, and kept on hobbling the crocks. Presently Bill walked up. "Ilullo," I said; "you weren't long. What do you think of it?" He cleared his throat, and then said, "It's no good: half the bark off the roof and the rest leaking." 1 asked him it he thought we could fix up one corner. He reckoned not. Couldn't we £et a few good sheets and carry them over. There was a nice dry place for a camp. No; .Bill was off the whole concern, so I gave in, and we rigged up the tent, cutting boughs to sleep on. At tea my mate never said a word. He k?pt an eye on the hcu*e all the time. Seeing he wasn't on for telling anything, I siid, "You seeir'-d in a hit ' t hurry coming over from the humpy, Bill?" "Ye.'-," said he. "Didn't.like the look of the place, eh?" "No." He wasn't on for talking, but I meant to draw him, so I said, "After tea, Bill, we'll go there and get a couple or three sheets of bark to rig over our fire. We'll camp here toonorrow if the rain keeps on." That fetched hiui. "Look here," said Bill, "I wouldn't go to that place to-night for £50-that 1 wouldn't." "No?" I inquired; "Why, what's wrong with it?" He said that something had given an awful yell. "Steady, Bill!" 1 said, "I don't mind a good lie in dry .weather, but don't intro duce horrible screams in flood-time. An owl, I suppose." "No," he said, shaking his head; "No, it's no owl. I know every cry in the bush: I never heard th'e like of that before. Its something unearthly." « "Then it must be that woman's ghost. Anyway, here's going to have a look!" \- "Coming?" He wasn't taking any; so I dodged over by myself. _ When I got near the hut I was-sorry I had come. I have lived all my life in the bush, camping in all sorts of places, and I had never felt skeerv before. I suppose the tale of the murder bothered me a bit. It wouldn't do to turn back, so I went on into the bouse. I struck a match, and had a look round. Nothing there. It was a tumble-down affair, going to pieces fast. I was looking at the floor, and wondering wlit-re the Woman was done in, when a horrible screech nearly sent me into a fit. I streaked for the camp like a racehorse. I wanted to stop and look, but my legs ob ieSted. I managed to steady myself, and I did not fall into the fence, but it took me five minutes to cool down. I felt I must bamboozle my mate somehow, and I stalks up to the camp whistling. ? . Bill looked up when I arrived. "Fetch the sheetsf" lie inquired.. "No." I was | trying to lobk cool. "You were right, thev're rotten-wouldn't keep out a miz zle." "I think . T "heard something sing out again," said Bill. "Did not you?"" , "Yes," I said, stopping from humming a; tune; "Yes;-fancy it's an owl." "Chuck it up." says Bill, "it's no use. I followed youthe fence. By Jove. 1 never thought you icould get. along like1 I~v " *? ' 'J argued, ttyiftR io block ftro'tod^l jion't telft'liiy'feiieeB Jibe; you.",»i ~ fffie object ^as^o;iekei -<It otiflt--U8 .«; fiighV-B TfiHt, and I've maiy 'a time since tingled liiy, bead over "-that awful «y. W4»at-d6 you make of it 'cliapsJ -.. -? Much argument followed. The yarn was jjylled ttbdut and examined' in every light, And the vePdict read something like this: Su^h things might , possibly be; in fact," all had heard various yells in their time: but that the cries had any connection with the dead woman they were not 'prepared to Vouch for. A move was now made to spread out the "naps" preparatory to turn iugin, and the men rose from their re clming poeitibns. Saunders, whose brain was still running oh the yarn, as}:ed Jack if he bad ever heardiiny more about the cry. "W$l, said Jack; "next morning we j left 'the haunted house, and struck a pub. We camped there for a day, and before we ; left a foottuan came up. I heard him pitch- ] ing the publican a tale aboufeaiflping on; the lee side of a house in the wet and scaring two blokes with a siren whistle. Neither of use had heard a siren whistle before. But it could not have been us. OCirs was a genuine ghost veil." "We're had, lads, right enough," re marked Jonah. "All right. Jack; if you get a long beer out of my pockec in town-you tell me." 