CHAPTER S5X. pronounced it haunted. The heir hod been advertised forin vain, and though one or two distant links of the broken family chain put in claims, Mr. Malpas pronounced them valueless. No clue had been found to tbo murderer. The two witnesses, Ruth ana Peter Pasco, were reduced to semi-imbecility by the terror of that night, and the local police were at a deadlock very soon. Arrests had been made, but no proof could be actually brought, and wanderers and tramps, despite suspicious appearances, are not of necessity criminals. Month followed month, and the mystery of Miss Pc-iiharvu's death remained a mystery still, and sufficed for local gossip in many a farmhouse or fisber man's oottngo rs time went on. Meanwhile the child lived on at Mrs. Sylvester's rural domicile, and grow rcsr and strong- and beautiful, nud was the idol of her heart, and equally adored by Sarah Webbe. When Harlan wont to town for a taste of the season's gaieties she loft tho boy to her friend's charge, and the cats and do^s and prim old Patieuco had a lively time of it, Snrub Webbe obstinately refused to accom pany her frieud ou any of these expeditions. She knew Dolores had won a hrilliant success. She read her name in the London papers, but nothing would induce her to witness a stage performance, aud^hewuB stiil convinced that » playhouse was the road to ruin for anybno of the weaker sex. Sbo invited her niece on periodical visits, but they had little in com mon, and Dolores' holidays were brief and much taken up with tho study of new park*. Life for her had suddenly beoome a brilliant and engrossing thing, bnt also it was fiill to the brim of work and anxiety. She lived now in a sip all flat, whose dainty appointments boasted of n'6 luxury. Neither did she enter* tain in any way thai demanded the accessories of champagne and cigars, and Eortnum and Mason's delicacies, At five o'olock she was usually tp be found in her little drawing-room digpcnsihg tea to such (<allers as ohoso to drop in on business or steam launch or house-boat- Occasionally she accompanied Erieson and 'Elderhof on a Sundw* td Bome quiet river nook, and allowed herself to bo irpwed or punted to Cookham, or Witidwr, or Henley, but deqriy as she lovea euoh excursions sbe often denied them to her self and the two friends who adored her in their different ways. As yet her name wis in a measure re spec ted- The money paid for her debut in the new 6pcra liad convinced Iaver soa that she had some powerful n barter," but her eucoess fuid undoubted talent won a sullen acknowledgement from him that she wasnot over-estimated by this unknown Influence. Tho public ~ that great, strange, mysterious power which mikes itself times independent force, hilled hec as favourite with one accord. The months of anxious study, the care and weariness o| hours spent on seeming trivialities, had thfeir reward at last Her beauty and her voice would not alone have sufficed for eUccess. On tho stage she evinced a gaiety, d chic, a charm that wpa quite apart from her natural character. So those'said who only found in her a serious ness and culture which &ro; not the usual qualifications of an aottess of the opora bopffe type. The truth was that all Dolores had missed, the sunny girlhood, the carelessness and vivacity and single-heartedness of yontb, came to her in her stage representations. When alone she was a saddened woman with a burdened conscience and much natural bitterness of heart. On the hoards she was freo careless, enchanting, indifferent; bat capable of charm and able to let herself go with a snpremo abandonment of pleasure in all sbe diq, and pride in the success she won. She loved her work* It engrossed .and delighted her, and she loved the applause she gained forit. Elderhof had done hey a good service in writing for her voice and styley and the two became firm friends on the strength of their mutual helpfulness. The pieco bad an exceptional *'1110," ana he was commissioned to do another. Bnt Dolores had no rest allowed her. Ltverson knew a.*4 good thing" when he got it, <and did not intend rival managers to secure his 44 star." He engaged her for three years at a salary that amazed her. and made her promise that she would enter Into no new arrangements without giving him tho option of a re-engagement. Thus all fear for the immediate future was set at rest. She bad only to nurse her health and strength, and she saw herself on the way to fortune. She studied much, and read much. $hc had few friends, though she never closed her doors to any members of her own profession. They amused and astonished her, but she felt there was between their recklessness and her own sorrows a golf fixed that thoy would not and she could not cross. The quietness of her way of living, and tho superior class of men allowed in Her rooms, astonished the more lively of her actress friends. They could not understand it. But even the most reckless of these be-jowelled and he- photographed celebrities felt them selves in another sphere when they entered the little flat in Chelsea and took their after noon tea from the hands of the beautiful womau whose sad eyes held a history they vainly tried to fathom. She never checked their impulses of gaiety, never,'save by a look of surprise; stopped* a risky story or a naughty jest. Bat neither did she encourage them" Some of rite more during spirits declared those teas too 4,tonoy" altogether for their tasts and dropped out of attendance; but a great many others pro nounced thom charming and good style, and recognised that they met with an altogether different reception from Dolores Bering, to what they did at Marian Storm's, -or Magda lene Qrd'e, or Phyllis St. Clairo's, also lead ing lights iu the theatrical world. Tho general idea was that Dolores was a bit4 4 near." It was known she had a good salary, yet she lived very amply, with an elderly housekeeper as sole attendant. She never wore a jewel, her dresses were of the plainest, and sho usually walked to the theatre in fine weather, or took an omnibus in bad. All this was quite at variance with stage traditions, and they could not under stand it. "What was she saving for P Why didn't she sport Bond street dresses, and give champagne suppers, and generally enjoy her-1 ~ P They self m approved 44 Cigala " fashion P They could not understand it, but not even tho boldest [spirit amongst them dared put the question. One thing was evident. Their respective admirers were safe. For men, rfcK or poor, titled or shoddy, Dolores cared not i& whit. Wo callow lordling nor Stock Exchanges autocrat laid their fortunes at her feet, oj£: their banking accounts at her disposal. — i|[: She was proudly, coldly. Indifferent nil classes of men. The boldest could no) r boast of a-favour nor the rlohest of cnj couragement. It was marvellous, but it was true, and after these years of public life nc ecandal had made her namo public property. Every penny she could spare Dolores sen] to Mr. Jlnjpas, and by him It was used fojk , Utile Davfd'fl benefit. .\ j He professed to be the child's guasdian. oh Misa XVofcam had decreed, but allowed Mi& to remain with Mrs. Sylvester for tlje prespnhp. paying for his board, «loth|ng, ahd later oft; for his education, which was conducted by governess who came dally from Penzance to^ initiatohia juvenile mind iu the mysterlea.ft'i the three K'a. VU the tJoy had an ideal ohild's life. DolCwg had declared hp should, and she could hay^ chosen no qn a mgro OsgabU of carrying out ffSc wishes than Was Marian Sylvester. He was out In the open air in all we.athei., The fiflhemrju taught him to row and sail j boat, nia ipothsr had senf him a small sur< footed pony, through his guardian's medium ship, and his bright face and golden curjl werb a vreTl-knoWA sight betweca's Land's End aid PenzanoOv , • ''Tt He wiu on friendly terms with dv'erypne inf the district^ but it woti only when Dolor® oaine to stay that ha had unlimited hoUday|; Tbe were sworn iriehda nb$. TEcy^ would spend the whole day out of door^T* sailing from hay to bay, q* riding or driving to the iainy picturesque districts around th^ coai't. Wfeeu hq wa? eejten years old she took hluT. to thb Scilly Itlca'for'a fe*w week's. Shohad^ uevep been there since that, %icf stay, cijj^• short bjr tho tragedy of ilija Penharra'efc death* It may have b£en that reasoh thai-> brought 4e memory of the murder so k'eenlvr to her mind that glib one day questioned tuefc boy On tab mitterl , . . V .#T|. They wera on tHe watey usual, sailing on a rutM, sbkpf crystal blue towardg toe Western Isles. The boy had been demo:? .-tratlng to tho u'dmirin'g boatman that hep knew perfectly how to sot a sail and now hadF returned to his mother'* side hot and ruddj?g and important and thrown himself down witlig^ his head leaning agqint her knee. ; fc "Davy/- sljo said, "do you remombei£ when you Were a little boy and lived lit 4|T house that was always dark, with a white?£ haired lady who was very fund of you?'? f He drew hfs brgws together in a puzzled! frown. - • ' fj " \Vab it Mis'ry you mean p" he asked,]; abruptly. . ' &. " "STes," shosaid, eagerly. "That was what! you called her." ff: "Of course^ I romember her," he eald.pr "Why, she'ooriJfes to see me" night tiniest often." - • 'it •' What 1'' exclaimed Dolores, breathlessly; f " Yes," he went on, gravely. "I never teljf" no one, but she sits on my bed and looks at £ mo exactly just as she used to do. I know b her quite well. Only she won't speakI-nojt1. over she won't apeak. But she looks so sad" as If ehe had- something to tell me nudfe couldn't. Just before I go to 4cep she comesj r same as always sbo did in the Dark Hous$ f you know." A Dolores' heart heat fast. She. knew tbe jjL stories told of Penbarva. She knew, too, the?'' popular belief that Misa Ursula " walked/.' ji and would so walk uutil hey murder was; avenged. The child spoke so fraul^y and! simply sho had no need to doubt bis ownjp belief in what he said, neither did she I buffi; her faitb in ghosts and spirits was far ra-'h rapred from the strength of Cornish superati'* £ tions, and bis simple declaration filled here with wonder. . • "Every night does she come, Davy ?" ahq"^ asked-. - 'u "Oh, no! not every night. Sometimes! it's a long timo I don't sec her; then she will J be there two or three nights. Dolly, wherey is she? Do they ehut'hor up in that dark £ house all alone P She is so white, Just as if b* sho never saw tho snn, or the sea, or walked | in the garden as I made hor. And I'm nop r ever allowed to go to Penharva. The gates | are all barred and rusty, and it looks sy u dark. I peep through the bars sometimes/! bufcno one's there, and old Ruth she says £ ifia'ry has gone away. But if she's gone t away, why does she come and seemei Dolly ?" v He always called his mother by the name £ her aunt and Marian Sylvester used, and she g loved to hear it. 5 * " ^ At that strange question sho felt her cheek * pale, and a chill of terror stilled her throb* ? bing pulses. " Are you sure F" she asked hoarsely. " Of course I'm sore. I know she comes." jf " Then, ask her—ask her if sbo ha? any- w thing to say—sho may bo in trouble, in eor* ^ row—and if she would tell you." ■'£ Her voice hroko. What was she talking ^ about ? How could the dead speak P What | could this vision, this voiceless fornv.bo but a;v phantasm of the brain, a dream-picture im.*^ pressed on the child's memory. - ^ Yet for all her ficeptioism this simple belief ^ claimed her attectiou. Sho gazed into thi j boy's deep eyes, and remembered that whftfc? was hidden from tho wiso was sometimes ref j vealed to babes. r | " Davy, doar," she said again, " when did "J she come to you last?" ;v.V> "Lastnight," ho answered. t Dolores started. " What—here?—in your-j room heroP Where was If" ' I "I think you was asleep," ho answered* n Grammar was not Davy's strong poinff. j "It was all dark and I woko, and there ab&| was sitting; and sho seemed light somehowf and I could soo her quite plain. Bub I ^waff •« eo sleepy I only said, 'Good-night, MJa'ry^J and went to sleep again." \ [to DE CONXIKUED KEXX WXEE.I " - H 