Association* jDetmtc. AN interesting debute on tho suhjoat-Which Vmn boon the most progressive,-tho lleid or tho Lyno Government-took place in Hie Association llnll on Wednesday evening Inst. Mr. Albert Chapman (Spoal(or) occtipiod the chair. Mr. J. Hurt (premier) in apologising for the ab sence of Messrs \V. Monk and Clarence Slock said that those who spoke in fnvor of the Iteid would lmve n connidorable ndvnnlago, no that body had held office for five yours whereas Mr. Lyno had only boon in power for some ten months. Never theless ho would strongly support the latter. One of the most important measures passed by tha Lyno Government was the Early Closing Act, whiuh has been beneficent in its effort. That Act had boon dallied with by tho Heirl Government, but had not assume 1 a definite form. Tho passing of tho Ship ping Amendment Bill was also a commendablo not. Tho Friendly Societies' Bill had also proved ndvan (ncnous, and it was only right that the Govornmont should overlook tho working of such institutions. Tho Selectors' Ileapprnisemont Dill had boon par,Bed much to tho benefit of tboso who wore tho baolcbono of the colony. Tho Lync Government had passed some fifty Acts, varying in importance, somo of which Imd boon dnlliod with for years by Roid. The Itoiditos had boasted of what they hnd dono regard ing wages, but as that Government was tho emblem of cheapness it was only natural that 5/ should bo quoted as tho minimum wage, but Mr. Lyno on coming into pbwer immediately rose it to 7/. Tho working class would gladly welcome tho day wlian a-moro decided and bettor form of payment would be adopted. Thay did not want an exhorbi tant wago but BuWcient to koop body and soul to gethor. Tho Lyno Government hnd been successful i;i shortening tho hours of work for dredge em ployees, and of granting holidays to roadmen. Tho road vote was dealt with, the speaker pointing out that Mr. Lvno had raised tho grant from £550,000 to £750,000. Mr. Hold- in his final balanco sheet recorded a surplus of £335,000, but on appointing a finnnco committee to investigate and go through tho Accounts, it was found that there was a deficiency of £1,010,000, which fact goes to prove that Mr. Keid wns either a polition! swindler or as a financier ho was a failure. Tho Lyne Government had proved themselves workers in every way endeavouring to promote the iuti'i'osls of the masses'. Mr. Hoid had passed two meafUroi, the Lund ond Income Taxes, both of which wore imperfect, and tho greatest ex amples of class legislation, owing to exemptions, ever nlnccd on the statuta books of tho colony.. Mr. T. Rcdband sniil that in upholding tho Lyne Government tlio previous speaker had fuiled to give one instanco proving tho pro0'rcBsivcnoHs of the pre sent government. Mr. Lyno was by no moans u progressive man. Before his election to office Mr. Lyno had exerted Ins influence lo debar tho passing of tho Federal Bill, hut his views have sinco totally changed. The speaker oonsidered tlie credit should be shared with tho lieid Government regarding tho passing of the Early Closing Act, as it was that body who had drawn up .tho measure. Mr. lied baml also remarked that tho previous speaker was grossly in error in reference to tho minimum wage initiated during Mr. Reid's term of ofllco, and in support of Ilia argument instanced a case when vail way men were paid considerably more. In dealing with the resumption of Darling'llarbour, tho speaker contendod that the action on the part of Mr. Lyno was a barefaced fraud. Instead of combating tho plague by means of destroying tho rati), Mr. Lyno spent som« £80,000 in cleaning up people's back vards, the wharves, etc., a work that should liovo ham carried mit by Urn property-owners themselves. It was scandalous expending tho 'country's money to clean up Sydney. He did not consider (he fin nnc.! commitW tippoini.R.l to go through Mr Reid's accounts wns n partinl one . Where would Mr. Tiyiih'k RiirpliH h ive come in had it.not been Cor Mr. Reid's Land and Tneomd Tax ? That measure alone had hnen the ine'ins of augmenting tho Treasury bv some £2,000,000. On the retirement of tho 'iteid Government the acreage under tillage had con siderably increased, tho products wore more nub slantial, the risn in the railway revenue, and the ex port and import trade were all further evidences of the .anoiigetia... Ituid. Govoriiment. .The .country's progress under their control would have been pvon ;/."»re emphntio hn/l ik tint bren./or; severe droughts. Mr.-.K.N'escher n't: one limb had ciinfijeneo in (i\Jr. Reid,'who at the. commencement ;nf his loigrt had worked energetically, but lm after, liille were n failure. Tho Earl.v Closing Act had been -initiator years ago, hilt Mr. Lyne sooinir his opportunity to . win public favor pnsh"d the measure forward and had it converted into law . unci its bom fieont effects have !nti» since been.felt. The whole colony should applaud tho action of Mr. Lvne in cleaning up the oily. The resumption of Diii'linb Harbour was a nnteivorihv act. They wott'd have better shipping accommodnfron and deepev water, hence induce ments would bo held out for ninny oilier trading ves sels to' make Sydney a port of Rail. The only" wny to ensure higher wageB would be by further pro duction from the land. The Lvuo had outclasRed the Iteid Government, and under its management the colony as a whole hud progressed. Mr. Lyhe had shown his pluck and lirinnesM in despatching troops to Africa. . . Mr. Rainsden in thanking the members for tho courtesy extended.in allowing him to speak went on to say that ho was an out and out supporter of the Lyno - Legislation. When taking oflice, Mr. Lyne, on seeing the down-trodden condition of the working-class, their sufferings, and unwarranted pri vations, his attentions were immediately directed to the passing of u Bill on their hrhnlf. Certainly the Early Closing Act was under consideration by tho He id- Government, but the honor of having thq. Bill ; passed is due to Mr. Lyne. The present Govern ment has passed Bill after Bill for tho-aujnliornM'on of the masses. . An impoVtnnt measure now being discussed is to debar the publishing of indecent ad veitivcuienla. Where was there a nobler Bill than the Concillintion and Arbitration Bill. No further strikes would bo forthcoming. Mr. Lyne's action in sending Mr. Barton to England on behalf of the Federal cause was well worthy of commendation, as that gentleman was Aus'tialia'sgreatost federationist. If the suppression of the plague had cost £800,000 it should have been expended and Mr Lyno only did right in carrying out the woik he harl. It was a grand act on the part of tho Premier for having re sumed Darling Harbour, and Mr. Lyne had hold of the thin end of tho wedge for re- modelling 'Sydney, and doubtless it will in time be the queen city of the south. Instead- of having dilapidated buildings near the wharf, and streets in all directions, tho whole area y©uld be scientifically laid out and creditable businbsVpremises erected. He did not consider tho importation of goods into' a colony like New South Wales'ahisI'a good ground whereon to 6a«o its progress.^ Mr. Heed w.is responsible-for having put on tho land one of the most iniquitous tsx'is ever levied in a 'civilized country. It was like a tailor charging interest on a suit after it had- been pj/id for:' YVbon the present Government has held oflic&as; long as the R.eid Government its 'work ' will outshine in every respect the miserable sot of' Bills . passed by Mr. Reid and party. On a division being taken an overwhelming major ity Lvored the Lyne Government. . Grpat i rc-ar's Ghost ! po r.waisted fram*, Thiit onre full vigour did p' S-'O-'i^ . <'iin't l)o a mati in olso hut mono, ? . , Hi.soouKh.hiis broucht himsufh dihtress. '. The undertakersmiles to t'iii k '. N jet. winter's cold he'll r.ot .-n uvo, ' . Oh ! Wt;r say dio, but t,v e a drink Of W.E-Woods' Grout.Peppormint Cure:. < A' proclamation is tpnhlished in. tlio " Got ornmrnt Gazette " fhcluriug thnfc; tha provisions of the Pa.-tures and Stnelr Profection Act, 1898, aliall bo applied fo'ilie destruction of wombats in the Berrimft slieep disiiict far a period of five years. Kc Oniy ei«!>t!!ifs Wir.it l£is «ee» Said Ai-ohsmI The tfilobe. It has heon demonstraltHl repoatodly in every statu in tlio Union a.tit( in niaiiy . foreign .coun tries .that Chamberlain's Cough Remedy is ; a curtain preventive and cure fur croup. It has he uoiiio tho universal renivdy for . that disease. M. V. Fisher of Liberty, W. Va., 'only repeats ' what has been said around the glolio when ho I writes: - " T have u.-ed Ciiamborlain's Coni^h ' Itemorly in inv lamiiv for stu'eial years and ilivays ivith pi'ifout succcsfi. :Wh holoivo that is not n'\ the b"st coii.h ro.iu-<lv, but that it j H-H-surts p-ir.'! for croup. It has savud the liv«s 