THE CITY RAILWAY— AT LAST. More than 20 years ago, ifit a political function at Ashliekl, Sir Henry Partes pledged ids party to the early extension of tiie railway to the deep waters of Port Jack- sou; On Tuesday Inst, also at Ashfteld, Mr. Wise gave a similar pledge on behalf of the present Government. The difference be tween the two occasions lies in the fact that Mr. Wise's pledge is bused upon a practic able and practical scheme, the carrying out qf which need involve no f tirthcr delay than is incidental to securing the necessary Par liamentary sanction. Ills scheme may not' lie the best possible, but as every other scheme which lias been .suggested by any ' responsible 'authority lins been either re jected or neglected, it apparently means now cither tills scheme or none. Mr. Wise in his . speech showed that although the Itnilwny Commissioners nnd other authori ties bad .advocated- the Hyde Fark scheme it did not stand even the ghost of a show, of being accepted. The last Government re fused to proceed with It. The present Gov ernment are equally hostile,' and two-thirds of the members of Parliament are, it is as serted, prepared to oppose tho taking of any portion of Ilydo Park for railway purposes. If, then, we may assume that tho fate of the Hyde Park scheme is already sealed, and if we are to have a city railway at all, some other route must bo selected. The present Government very wisely began at tlio base by arranging for the construction of an en larged station on the site of the Benevolent Asylum and the Devonshire-Street Cemetery. The position and the area of that site render it capable of being made perhaps tlio best central railway station in the world. Cer tainly in no other city of the size of Sydney could such an area be obtained so easily and so admirably situated, except ftt a cost that would be absolutely prohibitive. But while recoguising all the advantages of a magni ficently appointed, centrally situated, and adequately roomy station sucli as could he established at Devonshire-street, there still remains the old problem of railway exten sion into the city. There was a feeling at one time that the introduction of the elec tric tramways would go far towards solving the problem. Practical experience has de- nwnstrated that the tramways multiply the difficulties as far as tlio railway passengers are concerned in getting into the city,., in- stend of simplifying thein. An enormous "block-to-block" traffic has been developed as a result of frequent, speedy, aud cheap tramway communication along George- street, under the pressure of which the rail way passenger finds himself more disad vantaged than before the electric tramways were introduced. One has only to go to Redfern station at certain hours in the morn ing aud tiie evening, when I lie enormous suburban traffic into and from tlio city is at its height, to realise the dlsad vantages under whfcli tlio railway traveller suffers. There 'arc times in the morning when the number of railway passengers disgorged at Redfern station is so great that if there were tram lines down every street and tram way cars following each other as close toge ther as links in a chain they would not ho able to properly and promptly transport tlio traffic thrust on them suddenly from ihe suburban trains. The tramways will have quite sufficient ' to do to serve "pick-up" traffic, which a quick and continuous tram way service always creates. A city railway will not interfere witii that traffic. It will serve a constituency of its own. Tho rail way passenger, whether he bo from Bourke or from Ashlleld, wants to bo landed at a point nearest liis destination, and a city railway such ns the Government now pro poses will come near to serving Hint pur pose—not better than nny other suggested scheme, perhaps, but better than any other scheme within the range of practical poli tics. Starting from the new station at Devonshire-street, it will pierce the heart of the city near tlio Town-hall, traverse the western side of George-street, and connect with the proposed bridge from Dawes' Point to the northern side of the harbor. It; will be part of the trunk line from Adelaide to Brisbane via Sydney Harbor. From that trunk lino as many branches as may he necessary could afteuwn rds be extended. For instance, there could be a branch from the main line 011 the western side of the city carried on arches across Clrciflnr Quay and returning to Redfern either through Hie city or by way of tlio eastern suburbs, or by botli routes. These arc matters for subsequent consideration ns to what particular .route should be adopted for eacli of these bran ches. Tho main fact to be considered is that tiie trunk line from Devonshire-street to Dawes' Point forms a base from which many extensions may be easily made, ac cording to the necessities of the case. It may, for instance, be mtulc a part of a circular railway similar to the Iuucr and Outer, circles in London. The inner, circle, would, serve the western r and . eastern sides of the city, while the outer circle would take in all such suburbs as Diirliughurst, Pnddington, . Woofiahra, Wavcrley, and Randwiclc, back to. Redfern! All these schemes need not bo embodied- ill -one, nor need the whole plan be attempted to be carried out at once. Let the central station be made at Devonshire-street, the trunk line constructed to join the North Shore Bridge at Dawes' Point, nnd the rest will bo easy. AVe do not care to discuss the question , as j to whether this is the best, possible' scheme. It is apparently the 'best available. More than fifty years ago a public -mooting wns j bold in Sydney to advocate' the construction j of a bridge to North Shore. More than 20 | years ago, as wo have', already said, Sir | Henry Parkos pledged his party to the con- struetion of a railway to junction with the I bridge to "North Shore. If the present Gov- eminent docs nothing more than carry out I these long demanded and long, projected | works itwlll do enough to erititio it 'to live | in the political' historj-'bf this Coljiiy as the' most practical Ministry we ever had. 