POLITICAL PARAGRAPHS. OF the £41,000,000 which the South African war has cost to date, £10,000,000 went directly in the purchase of remounts, each of which has cost £70 to land at the Cape. * * * * POLITICIANS are still wondering what could have been the object of Mr. Speaker Mason's mysterious " parlia mentary visit" to Adelaide. Some people surmise it was a "fishing expedition" in connection with the selection of Federal officials. ? # * THERE is not a great rush of candidates for the Federal Senate in Victoria, because there are only six seats all told. Up to the present time, ox-Chief Secretary Peacock and Sir Frederick Sargood are the only two well known politicans who are spoken of as likely to run for the whole colony Constituency. The pleasing re flection of successful contestants, will be that they are safe for 6 years at any rate. » . * RECENTLY the Victorian Postal authorities determined to garb all the members. of the staffs at country post offices in curious uniforms. But at one place a messenger boy of fourteen summers positively declared to always don his livery. So the postmistress com plained to the gallant Deputy Postmaster- General, Major F. L. Outtrim : " I cannot get James Smith, my messengei*, to wear trousers in office hours." » # # THE names of some of the New South Wales Federal Electorates are a caution. What would Victorians, who complain of such simple designations as .Toowareit and Boonurrong, say to Ballanaming, Millemurra, Wambool, Wirandari and Warrung? The fact is the names will soon become as familiar and easy as the names of Gee long and Warrnambool. With all respect to Shakespeare, there is not very much in_a name, native or otherwise. » » * A CAHEFUL check of the electoral rolls undertaken at the instance of the inner Council of the Roman Catholic clergy and laity, has it is said, disclosed the fact that the ohurch can command one quarter of the total votes on the Victorian rolls. In Brunswiok the fiat of the Coun cil has gone forth, that an old and prominent pillar of the community who has quarelled with the powers that be, is not to be supported when he endeavours to unseat the.sitting member at the general elections. * * * THE Trades Hall Council have selected Mr. Grant Blair to oppose the present member for Jolimont- and West Riohmond. Mr. Blair is a journalist up country. Mr. Billson, a vice-president of the Trades Hall tackled Mr. Theodore Fink last election with vexy poor results. Although he represents West Riohmond in the Rich mond Council, ho has preferred to seek a seat elsewhere -at the forthcoming elections, consequently there does not appear to be a promising lookout for Mr. Blair. THE Viotorlan Federal Electorates Bill is so far advanced that numbers are casting about for seats. The public will have a say in it later on. Mr. Gillies, after being re-eleoted for Toorak will .stand; fox' Kooyong which inoludes the. eastern suburbs, formerly repre sented by him, and part of his present electorate. He should have a fairly safe seat there, unless a Con servative opposition, in which case the seat will bo a 'gift to a third man. But Gillies on Federation was a sad failure. Before the referendum his federal orations were feeble and flat. ' ?' » . THE Victorian Public Servioe Board'are advertising for an Examiner of Titles. The salary ranges from £575 to £650 per annum, and the Candida to must be a barrister or solicitor. The notice calling Cor applications, also says that candidates must1 be well ujJ in. real property law. Good word that' " well- up." .But how are the mexnbers of the Public Servico Board- to de oido the question? (,Who drives fat oxen, shovtld hirn-. self bo fat." Now , how can the oxen of" the Priblio Service Board find'out':the " woll-npnbss'.' oE theGaudi date, and adjudge whioti is tho ?" woll-uppest " ? . # Mu R. W. Best has fired off his hu'ndrod-poundov with groat ei'feot. His Bill limiting the expenses': of Federal Candidates to £100 will give a sliort' sharp shook to the' wealthy aspirants who fondly hoped to.play t a; game of pokor with the Federal Districts for Chip's. A oandidato' may uneasily ask " Suppose I want to stand: fori Hulln, baloo, whiah oxtonds from the Dandenong Mountains to the Lakes Entranoo, how am I going to do it,on a hundred pounds? The answer, "jWith brains." Show them you oan talk sense, and talk it a'few meetings, and tho election is over, and you arc the member for Hullaballoo. Tjiu lioman Catholic community of Victoria is intensely dissatisfied with its present representation in the Legislative Assembly, where there are some fifteen Catholic members. It is felt by the hierarchy of the church that no special effort is put forth by these re presentatives to further the aims and objects of the faith throughout the colony. All organisations affiliated with the churches are being livened up so that the elections in October may find tlie Catholic voters ready to plump for men of the right colour. For the "Warren heip seat in especial great efforts will be put forth to prevent the vote being split among a number of candidates. THE following members of the Legislative Council of Victoria retire by effluxion of time in the first week of next month:- Messrs. J. M. Davies, Solicitor-General (Melbourne), F. S. Grimwade (North Yarra), Edward Miller (South Yarra), S. Austin (South Western), W. H. S. Osmond (Nelson), S. W. Cooke (Western), Jas. Bell (North Western), Joseph Sternberg (Northern), David Ham (Wellington), A. O. Sachse (North Eastern), William Pearson (Gippsland), J. C. Campbell (South Eastern), and Sir Rupert Clarke (Southern), and Sir William Zeal, President of the Council (North Central). All these gentlemen will it is believed offer themselves for re-election, and no word of any opposition to them has yet been heard. * * * MEN are beginning to look round for six Federal Senators, and twenty-three Federal Representatives. They are pretty hard to find. Take the Senate first. The certainty is Sir Frederick Sargood. It is difficult to pick another, unless Trenwith and Peacock elect to stand. A probable candidate is Simon Fraser, M.L.C. who ought to go near it: another is W. Knox, M.L.C. who is scarcely quality enough for th& job. R. W. Best M.L.A. will have a good show. He is pretty well known from Fitzroy to the Mallee, and will scoop a big farmers' vote. Wrixon M.L.C. is a pi-obable candidate and a fairly good man, but over-rated and wanting in stuffing. N. Fitzgerald M.L.C. is another likely starter and not unlikely winner. Of the other M.L.C's Agar "Wynne is the only man who should have the ghost of a show. * * . * THE Victorian Anomalies Board report, has not given general satisfaction in the Civil Service. That much is certain. But it is better to take half a loaf rather than get no bread at all, and therefore the Cabinet will bo pressed to embody the recommendations in a bill. No alterations are likely to be attempted by the Govern ment, nor'indeed, would it be permitted to|do so, for the Board at least inquired into all the Anomalies brought under its notice. It seems that legal opinion has been taken regarding the Act which constituted the Board, and it is asserted that this measure praotioally renders its report law already. However that is a moot point to decide. All that immediately concerns tho publio servants, is to be reclassified by hook, or by orook, and the threat is made that if the MoLean Ministry will not help them, some other Government may. . * * A PERTH correspondent writes to Tahle Talk. '1 At present the Gold industry in West Australia Is suffering from want of capital, that is so far ns tho outlying districts from Kalgoorlie are oonoerned, and its future devolopmont is mostly left now in the hands of indivi dual prospeotors to whom the creation of publio batterios by the Government lias been of, great assistanoe, but it will be some years yet,- before any. very rapid advance ment-is made. Mr, A, E. Morgans, M.L.A., who has just.I'eturned from the newly found fiolds at Phillips Rivei, in the Albany distriot, speaks very highly of its future for the Commonwealth Senate, It is open for any oaridtdato from the other colonies to contest a seat lor West Australia in the Commonwealth, particularly those who have "large interests in the West, such as Mr I-I. Butler, of .Sargood, Nicliol and Butler, or Mr. T. MoDougall,'of Sands and MoDougall." The Ministry will.formulate a reconstruction sohemo for the Victorian Parliament, "contingent upon Pedeia tion at the general election. .. In -Parliament there » a . general ^ lixed determination on the part ° representatives not to. permit any great curtailment o :thoir numbers so. that tho Cabinet intends to wallt wiu J to esoapp treading on too many corns. As it must io\v^ over, make some pretence of reducing the mini 01 ,° mombors it has practically been deoided to revert to ° old electoral boundaries prior to . the Gillies-^ oni alterations, and to ondeavour to keep the numboi c oW to 80. In tho eyes of " ono member " it would o in|!\ saarilogo to dook his £800 allowance, and tho m n s 01 proposal will stop at :E250. But in any ^oasQi ' Government soheme will - not 'operate until tho one tho noxt triennial period ; oonsoquently thoic s some oom in^Egypt for poor politicians. 