The White Lady, The Berlin correspondent of the London Daily Telegraph wites ---We have not heard of the famous "White Lady" of the Castle of Berlin for a long time; and a very good thing too, every loyal Prussian will say, for her appearnce, according to a legend to the Prussian Royal Family, always fore- bodes the death of some member of the House of Hobenzellenr. A few weeks ago, however, a lacquey attached to the Im- perial Court was summarily dismissed for averring that he had seen her! Funnily enough, a young sub-liutenant, who hap=- pened to be on duty, and declared that he too had seen the dreaded spectre walking along one of the corridors of the castle, and he informed his colonel, who put him through his facings and cross-examined him in the most serious and polite manner possible, him- self thinking the incident exremely uncanny. The upshot of the cross-examination was that the gallant colonel could get no satisfactory information or explanation out of his sub- nitern, so he ended by believing the story. Everybody at Court began talking about the appearnce of the "White Lady," and so the Kaiser got to hear of it. His Majesty is not a man to let himself be befooled, so he sent for the lieutenant. The terrified subal tern entered the Imperial presence chamber more trembling than when we saw the ghost; his Majesty, however, took no notice of his quivering lips, and treated the matter jocu=- lary at once. The following interrogatory ensued:- Kaiser --What was the lady look like. Was she tall or short? Liuetenant. --She was tall, your Majesty. Kaiswer -- How was she dressed?" Lietenant ---She wore a white petticoat, your Majesty, with a white bodice, and she had a white cap on her head--a long white veil flowing over all. This seemed circumstantial enough, so that the Kaiser began to, think there must be something interesting at the back of the story. His Mahesty continued, after the briefest possible pause.-- "Was she carrying tny- thing?" Lietenant. --Oh, yes, your Majesty. Kaiser. --What did she have in her right hand? Liutenant. -- A candlestick. Kaiser - And what was in her left hand? Lietenant -- A box of matches. This quite did for Kaiser WIlhelm, whose sence of humour was immediately tickeled. He burst out into roars of laughter, to the dire astonishment of the your warrior before him, "Well, that will di," said the kaiser at last, kindly, bur firmly. "Don't let me hear anything more about the "White Lady!" Then, with a knowing look, his Majesty dis- missed him as follows : — ' And take my advice. Don't peer about in corridors, for you might often see ladies there at night attirod in white petticoats aud bodices.' 