WITHOUT HOME. BY MRs. BAER, CHAPTER XIV. SEVERING . TIES, " Really, Ada, this is very unex pocted. What has brought about this decision ? To tell the truth, I do notunlderstand why you should leave a home whore you are scarcely treated as a servaut." "I am fully sensible of your ex ceeding kindness, dear lady," replied the girl, in a rich, melodious voice; "but I cajuot stay. There are reasons for this that you cannot understand were I to explain them, which is simply impiossible. I know you have 'spoiled mo-that, go where I will, f shall not find another home like this ; but I must go."'' " Miss huolodith mado some en quiries abhut you this morning, and seemed to think that she hald seen you before, but was baffled when shohoard your uame, Did you e~er see hor before 1" '" Once," replied Amy, truthfully,. "Porl,,,ps she would like to see you. S.o, said she would call in the morning without company." Amy. throw; up her head a little proudly. " Miss lereodith can have no particular business with me, 1 should like to leave this eveniug, if Syou'll lbot mege."l ' o f /. ' bent on so d'img,' repI thll e lady, taking out he' putrse antd paying the girl her wages. '! You have boon faithful, and the extra money is, a reward for your kinduess to Rensa." Amy turned away, unable to speak, and went to the library, where she bade good-bye to her fi vouriti'., with sltroanmiig eyes, " My, my l What does this mean 1 SWhat are 3"" crying for, Ada?" t&atked; Ilorman Sirr;oton, as he caine suddeoly into thIe room. "Because I am so miserable," she replied, faintly, "Everything seems to go wrong." "What has gone wrong ?" he asked, kindly, " - its Rona got one of her tantrums again ?" " No," she replied. " MT: Single ton, I am oling to leave, and I do love thoso tooks so much It seems like parting from old friends to leave them," SWhy are you going to loavo us 1" he enquired, gratvly, ," Because I ios t, I can't toll you why 1" I thought you had no friends, Ada ; what are you going to do in this largo oity without a proteotor ?" ''.What hundrotls of others do," she replied, "ig ht mny way, con test the road, and if ifall it will not be,booauts I lack courage.o ' What do you think I have boon doinh those two yeara ? I suppose you'll laugh at me, but I have beoon pro. paring myself to toeach," If a thunderbolt had fallen Ma his feeoot Sinlloton would soarcoly have boon mare ustonl,,hoe, and his stur priso did not oesape her notice, "I suppose you think me pro. eumptu'n",h," she . continued, hur. riedly, hbut I was born of parents "vbio limatllud into nmy'mliid t' ldve of liunowlodg; pnarents who little thought tholr only ohlhl would have to battle with the world as I h'ave had to do, When I canmohlore tand found these books, and learned that I could have access to themn, I determined to Ilprovo the oppor tunity, and I hnave no cause to re proaoh mysllt, for I have gathered many a shoif' in those two years, and stored them for the future," ''lho slight ilguro of the girl was ereot now, The largo brown eyes \--her peoullar charm -woer glord ously brglht with the anthuslasi of her sulect, and looking up into his face ad slte hflishod, she abruptly uakedt "You tlhik me qulxotia, and my idoeas vilonary, don't you'l' " I think you are on the verge of a grand womalnhood," he ro'lild, Iheo raslad her eyebrows, and her' forooehead knotted Into a heavy frown I ''1 asked you lbr an honest opinion," she said, Luhlproaurlfully, " Shall I toll you what I think ? Then I will, Your p vorioveranco is inly' asubllhno; your hlnuloStry lputs to sYhn o oldor persons than your self, nuid the naimriot' with whitulm you hive worked, unaided and alone, h truly reotmarkabnl, I hatve watlhetl ymou the peat, yours, ovter sluco yotu asked tIny sltoer lor the tuee oI thu Ilhrary, ?lld I have soon how you nsoutlmoos made halatkus in tie? sclections of yilur volumes, Sbut, in the main, you displaced ex .collent tostoe 1 believe you will ucceeod, and you have my best wishes for the flual attainneuti of I your goal," He turned t, go, but came back, " Ada, if I can help) you, I will do so. Money I have in abundance." "Thank you; but I must work my own way, Ift' roach the desired goal it will be through nmyown exiertions" ' Thiiklc well. lloniy isa\power ful auxiliary." S"One that I don't possess. Your words of iraiso are o the first that I have recuived from any source, and they are very wolcino; but I do not desire help froni any (ono without renidoriiig an t(ciivalnlint that I could not do in this case." "You aro indepondeut ' said the gentloman, a little sharply. The blood mountod in a brilliant glow to her face. " The lessons of life, learned in the school of adver sity, are not likely to teach us de pendence on those about us," she! roplied. "You talk bitterly for a girl of your ago," he remarked, " Ada, what is the cause of iti Has life held no happiness, no joy,; o plea sure for you all those years that you have lived "1' ; "Yes," she continued, " until I was twelve years old my lif' was one continued flush of happiness, .with only one dark oloud, the death of my mother/;though 'I was iilmotb too young tb: reiolizen mylba ti!liin. My. father died' wlhou I ',w isn in my fourtoouth yeaoirnd siod tliijt my lif' has booen one continued struggle with poverty." "It is very strange bhat you have no fi'lnnrl. no relatlivas." ' "I have relatives, but they are insensible to my welfarb, It makes no diflereneouoo to them .whether I sink or swim, I don't know why I should be tolling you ali. these things," she added; "Beonuseu I asked you," he ro plied, "Your oonfldoeoo shnll be respeocted" "You have bnohl very thoughtfll and kind to ie since lihave been an illnate of this house, Alltihome to thank you for yuur 'niiy little aots of courtesy;" "I4 should be better pleased if you would lot lme assist you," = " lYou can do so by giving lie direotions where to find it respect able and cheap hoarding.houso ?" Hoerman Singleton sti'oked hisd moustaoh in peurplexity, Cheap boarding-housel woroe int much in his line, but, thhinkilg for solieo imo ments, it occurreod to hh1i thiat he had accidentally heard, of' a sall house in a1 quiet, reso?leoable street, whore ooe could got chepo board. A frieond of hsl, a cnllogo assoolate, whio had, more brains tlhan moneliOy, lived theoroe, and' tiklilg out a ciur'd that had booe n given to liii, hei told Amy of it, and pave her the aildress, "Relnlber,"i'' he aldl," that the offer of ausistitloe is opon to you ia year heoie rots, well as to.day, I i "Oh," she o;lod; brolikl'ng Ilo'wn, " your Ikindnoae lali ;us It, lo? der to igo. I O i cani hero iul a a~oirviit,, illd li?lp rqoulkiod, nothilg but good ?r?tlneut ;' tuld it 1i hartd t i, ltveu ?oi u?! ) bw'ultuty, tllihtllcAs,Iuintld\o.. ftlinotn , ivtvly thtil tha'tll'th; utost' tuo.thltlc nature, uoalil delsiro, lir' it siaill rooml0 I t hatlrdingthmo ?tl' "'llhen why' go ?1' " lclucanl I ilst. Ollcdibye,! Sheo, hold nit lIer hoplil, .?hrulnok Ills hoeartily, luld vt1lan islud qulukly bout q' theeaozu. ,= A HUIIPtPsIIa Tho 1wn utrllolu a 'ololhing lad boonl p Ewaty,'tho lout gaud- by( woo mil~d, nail }(unit wits put in hv bad curut'ully, bal'uro Amy aruiu to go, The 1 pavtiug wow bitter, tdlt 111010 8o thalll hilby hod hulppuull it wouldlia L t flrat, I111 ftuu woo tiil no1t thalt Amy lookedinLI In IAv I01180( lt'r dtu1' Lhaw hod Hul~ fu'o." woli to oi a'y iil H( HtblU IIu to thlu 11 la'ury LIgIgull 118 II.l oth to lofty"ii 1101'uaiaiigu, alild tooIk it haul hlig Ianl~ W ith It heals IthillIILt, I-11181 g Hu aint on qIllibkly downl thu stairs1 0111. of tu I'olltclur, nullol (1n1 'll d if(1I tII th U Ilr l llll lli', nut III 1h11 LI Mownli~Vlt thl 1u IIDLL'ilng;.11L1111 11 " h tLug thu iull, h111 'It IIIrnllldl tI1, thiu Iplr-'IlIII' by it pllii little u nlllll 1(111Y, turll'luhlg lijI thuo j4L 1I o 1 1110110 A~nly iuhotlttruluuI Il 1,lt h walls with thol' pictures, She started up' with an exclama tion of surprise. "Surely this is the picture that used to hang over the nmautel inll, Mrs, Wollerton's room I Yes, it is the samen; I know it is1" " I)o you wish to see mie ?" asked a voice; and Amy turned frbin the sunumer landcape to meet the on quiring glance of theolandlady, Taking a stop forward, theo girl raised one hand, and, in a ,voice scarcely abdv'e alw hisper, askod: "Is it possible that one whom.I have believed to be dead for two loini years is alive ?" The landlady drew herself up haubghtily, "I ann. ot a ghost that I knlw of. Will you come to.busi ines, if you please, miss 1". ' Anmy sprang forward, with a glad light il her eyes. "Don't you re otugniso me, Aunt Louise? Have you forgotten your little pot, Amy Jones ? Al, you know me now," she replied, as a look of recognition passed over the old lady's face, and she opened her arms to receive her darling. "Thank the Lord that He has lot me live to s. o this sight.! Oh, Amy, now glad I am to look on your face sgain I Poor child I holy I have longeu to have you with me after I heard that your papa had died I" SAnd Amy did not doubt the sin cerity oflher words when she felt the pressure of her arms, the kisses on. her. cheeks, and saw the glad teiars rolling over her lace,, "C Omoe, sit down, my dear, and lot me look at you. Why, bless my soul l you are a young lady, and I had expected to see you a little girl still, Wall, old folks think that the young must stand still, but they go on growing all the same, ".Now,, toll me all about yourself." Amy gave her ountire history, omitting nothing that had hapoened since her father died, and Mrs., Wol lorton laughed and oried by, turns, .as her favourito told how sheo had battled so suc?essfully with an ad voerso fate, onding by saying that the one motive of her life was to fit herself for teaching, . "1 shall never mako myself known to the Merediths, nor do I wish them 'to know of me; so, auntieo, I think I shall keep my: now. name, Ada Gascon, I have come' to live with you ' now, if yoiu ciAn :find a nook In your dearI heart and home four oe,", "Of1'ourse I'll find one for you, and you shall ,go to school just as much as you want to, Don't shake your head, for I have some money, .and nobody in the world to spend It on but yourself. Just to think of the trumped up lie of that rascally man who tried to got youl into heli ower., Bless your helart, child, I have lived at the old llace over siice, till last year, and I never sat an eye on hini. Just to tllhinlk that you have boon livinlg hero two years in drudgery, and I didn't know it." "Notdrudlgery, aunt. My lifoe t Airs, arl'ntl'stl was ratheor ileaslsnt," SOil, yes, I dare say, nurisinlg i spolled chlld was rather pleasant. "I would rather do that than be deopuendellt on ally one," was the qulok roeply, ".Just liko your father, He was , tho prould, to ask aanything of his father-lu-law, so his buslUess went to the dogs, Don't you be too in dollumloant to do as I say." "I don't want to he a burIdon to you," r'opliled Amny, " Who says you'll be a lburdlol 1 When I got tired of you I'll toll you, I'll sond for your trunk to. I But, antio, if you are roeally so well oi', why do you Iukop Ioarders 1" asked the girl, with i qulfizrical look on her facel,for she ithoiIght ?ho had thi adlvahntage, "Bcatnuue I wantod somiiething to dlo," was the quiiic rUeply. " You don't douht ily word, do you ?" " No, no; but I thought you ahli so to mikeo me fool at easo, I wouli rallih'r acc, lit ahil frotllm youl tihalln SY uIII arel minlllllll tO yolll' 80118011," tihl Mri., \'illoitoi, "'It I.s a kind. niss you aIri' dhiig mli,, ohiil, for 1 mi loiily, a ilnI oftiimoi sad beunmiio I hIavo o ollllig tlaeo alni1t inc to Illwhou uIIsHbinu o alnld mnaltt, Co.?no wih mIo, ail I'll show you to your Shi lod the girl Iup to a largo, idry bedroiton, iioutly f'urnishid ; sid wheli? Ainy was tolu that was to hi rlls lu, eo altiught hiIir frleul a shut ihi iook, mmi kissed her i',gahn anld "Ii to delOp, m'y dloar," latld thi old lady, gently, " so you, may have fresh cheeks in the morning, Good night," and Mrs. Wollorton. retired, leaving Amy to herself. A smile, half triumphant, half seroastic played about the young girl's lips. " The road to knowledge lies open before me," Alpy murllurid, P anid if I do not garlknd omy brows' with theo chaplet of :khiowlelge' :it is my flult. , Deon: aunIt hoiv.she took me in heot arms, and kissed me so inmany: tihnes, aind held' me so tiglit tlhat ' could not breathe. ''e io'sameo kind' heat, th6 saeio genial iinanner, of old. Help 'firon hor does inot gall and cliafo like it would firoin the, others.!?' lButilrs, Wollertondid nob tell her of 'the many:aaious visits thiat Oscar Meredith liiid inade to her'; how 'he lind tried. every ieans in his power to find his niece. ,Withla rare tact she saw~ at a 'glance that Amy was deeply prejudiced, and the that that she had thrown aside ho-er right name, only served, to eonllh[imi her o[pinion; so she wisely kept hleri own co'unsul, atd determined to use a little strategy, To describe the feeling 'of quiet contolit that stle' ovoer the luoely orphane girl, as she laid her head on. the pillow that night, would be irn pussthle; there was something heavenly in it; no child to soothe in its broken slumbers, no bolls to amswer, no conmmands to obey; for the first time in years she could luloo her eyes with the knowlodgo that 'she' was mistress of her own muovemenits, go' to sleep when she was tired, and awmako when aho willed. (To lIE CONTINUED) 