THE MESMERISTS CRIME, 0BLlflHED BY SPECIAL ARRANORMENT. \ - ; ffy jB. W. . Warjeon, Great Bortw Sqau. MyaUry," "Grit," "Th. Snored Hogmt" Miriam Rozellft," - «'A Fair Jewett," « The Golden -X&V9;' "The Betrajd of John Fordhim," Ac., Ao. - GOPYRIO-HT, „ CHAPTER XI. — ContintuS.) 41 It la comparatively harmless," he said, when taken as I direct, though its habitual , Mo would oortainly lead to injurious results." .- A romark which applies to all narootios," catd Maubray. : - That is bo, but In this drug thero is apodal danger. Uso it only when thoro is impstotivo need for it, and kciop it looked away, ep that it shall not fell into tlio bands \- of any other person than yourself. Its natnro \- is absolutely deadly, and only tho smallest \- doao can be taken with safety,, I will keep it in, a secret drawer in this ,. studio," eaid Moubray, 44 which no ono eon v l> open but myself. Then thero ia another safo- guard in tho label. 4 Doadly Poison1 whiob you havo properly affixed to the wrapper." ' This conversation waa taking placo in tho Ruiued Tower, and Maubray showed Dr. ' ' Weber tho socrct drawer in whioh bo deposited the powder. 44 What would bo tho offoot of a double dosoP" Dr. Wcbor looked ot him : .- apprehensively. 44 Do not boalartnod, I havo I no inttmtion of mlsMulog it. Tho orisls is past and' my mind is'reoovcring its balance. In .proof of which I havo resolved to paint a new Marguerite, and am already cugor to commeneo. I havo even selected my model, and hitvo my canvas ready." 44 That will bo- better than any mcdiomol can administer," said Dr. Wobor, hailing .. with dolight this healthy symptom. ' 44 Who Is your model?" 41 Her name is Frida; tho daughter of a workman in tho quarries. I was sitting at my. window. hero, and sho paused along tho . rood. Beholding her, I wus irresistibly re minded o! Marguerite, abd, as usual with all orusy enthusiasts waa eager to set to work immediately. 8ho comes to-morrow mora lug." Ho spoko with animation, and Dr. Webor saw, boforo him tho old Maubray ho had wished to see. Maubray rotnrncd to tbe thomo of Uto drng. "What would bo tho eifcot if a double doso ' wore taken ?" 44 A man in perfeot health would sleep for throe or four days. Ono in fecblo health ' might never awake." 44 And a troblo dose ?" Would bo fatal." "Instantly fatal P" No. Witbin tho hour, I should think, In a doso bo largo thoro would bo a curious variation. Instead of sending tbe man to sleep, it would keep him awake, till death uporvoned." " A death of suffering P" 44 A porfeotly painless death." 44 Would ho lose tbe uso of his faouttica F" j « Ho would retain them to tho last." Thon tho death trance," said Maubray, ' thoughtfully, "It is fortunate that tno fioorot of this drug is known to fow." I believe it to bo known only to myself," eaid Dr. Wober. 44 My discovery of its effoot was accidental. In its natural state it is comparatively harmless ; I proparo it in a certain way, aud that is my secret. Only to you would I intrust so largo a quantity. ' You will bo careful .of it, Maubray." 44 Trust me. I will not mis-use it." \- Hero tbe oonvnnwtion ended, and next, day Maubray began work on his famous pieturo of Alurguerito. The imago of Gnbriollo was still in his mind, and ho thought of her con stantly, buttbo sharp pang inflicted by her death had passed away, and ia its placo reigned a sod and tender memory. Ia their conversations Dr. Wcbsr referred frequently to - Voleno, and Maubray wrote to ber now mora regularly and at greater length. Gradually and ' surely he re gained his usual serenity, and cpn- tomplated recalling his daughter home at \ no distant dato. Events hastened tho fulfil ment of this intention. Madame Hartmann's husband died and sho wus left a childless widow. Maubray seized tho opportunity. Ho sent for Vnlorte, and invited his sister to ' tako up her obode with bim. She joyfully consented, and presently domestic happiness opce mora reigned in the artist's home. No shadow fell upon the peace of Crow's Nest until Maubray intercepted tho letter which Professor Flcury had. sent to his daughter. ;Two months bad pasood since then, nnd all tho efforts raado by Manbroy to discover tho writer had foiled. The picture of Gabrielle wbioh he bad painted hung uporr too wafi /if his studio in tno Ruined Towor. CHAPTER XII. A bracelet aud some old lace from Madame Hartmann, "With loving felicitations to my dear nieco V&lcrio;"; a dainty watob, exquisitely ennmellcd, from Dr. Weber, "With affectionate wishes from an old friend"; a set of flower vases from tho sorvants in Crow's Nest, 44 With dutiful respects to our young mistress" ; a fan, upon each leaf of whioh was an allegory, a poetical fahoy, or a eceno from natnro, painted by Bernard Maubray, "To Valerie, with her father's love " ; a bouquet of white and red roses tied #with a ribbon on which was inscribed, "iSra Maurico to Valcrio" ; these, with flowers and remembrances from humbler friends by whom sho was loved, lay about tho room, and on tho tublo by which Valeria was sitting on her twenty-third birthday. It was noon of a beautiful day in Juno, and oil things contributed to tho young girl's happi ness ; tlio soft breczo, tho dreamy clouds, the ' rustling of tho leavos, wero in harmony with Valoris's mood. Uneventful as ber lifo appeared to havo been, she had passed through a storm hnrdor to boar bccauso, like n mother protecting her young, sho' had token its fall force upon hor \- shouldora ; but this heart-trial wus over, and pcaco hold out his arms to hor. Sho gazed at tho gifts, and, moving about tho room, handled them gratefully- and tenderly ; in this dumb memorials there was a spiritual lifo which spokq to hor in loving accents, glorify ing her natal day with affcotion worthily won ' and richly deserved. Gontlo and nwoct to ull who camo in contact with her, recognising no differences in sooial rank ns a claim unon tho measure of her regard, no less moroiful to the poor than to the riob, it would havo been strango indeed bad' sho failed to win ufiootton, for though thoro is muoh that is mean and time-serving in tho world, there' aro beneath this sordid crust sterling qualities which ring truowhon brought within the influence of such unselfish kindness, asVnlerio showed to high and low alike. The gifts by .which alio wus surrounded were proofs of this. Thoy wero tho unsought re ward of tho efforts of an uuselQsh nature ; thoy spoko of tho past and tlio present, and . tho bouquet of rosos, emblem of tho future, ang its silent song of lovo. Sinkiug into a chair, sho raised tho flowers to her lips and kissed theni, and with hor closed oyes resting ligtyly on tho leaves saw visions which stirred korSoul with a snored .joy. This was tho fpringtime of her life ; tho promiso of summer Iras smiling upon hor. There hud been dark lays in tho past, days of sorrow and anguish k which she had watched tho fading of a lifo . I ear to her and most dear to her fatoor, days enlightened by a .word of sympathy, aud fpr faino time thereafter she had not known : Jgoe ; but on this happy day theso griefs SCtofcrgoUeo ia the reveria into whioushc hadfallon, wherein was deploted in glowing colours tho realisation of a maiden's sweetest Somard Maubray entered the room whllo ®ho was thus engaged, and so absorbed was aho that sho wus not aware of his prcsanco. Ho stood regarding hor with a tender smllo, divining hor thoughts, and sympathetically recalling the time when ho himself indulged in dreams nuch as thin dear child of his heart was dreaming. His lovo for- Valerie's -mothor and for Gabrielle bad not faded from his memory, but hnd merged itself into lovo for the one being of hin blood who was loft to him— a lovo us absorbing as that which tho young girl cotort&inou; for 'Maurice. "Thus did I once dream," ho thought. 14 May sho be spared tho. shadows whioh foil upon my lifo I" Presently ho laid his band upon her shoulder, and sho opened hor oyes and blushod ; but sho did not lay the flowers QRido. Ho had como from his studio in too Ruined Tower, where, with Frida fur modo), ho had been engaged since breakfast on his new picture of Undino. His first words were of Frida. 44 1 havo given her on hour's rest," ho said. 41 If we ovortiro our models something is lost whioh it is hard to regain. Frida is a trea sure ; her capacity for expression is extra ordinary. Theso outwnrdly placid persons havo Atrong hidden currents in them which opportunity brings to the surface." 4 Then you havo dono well this morning?" raid Volorio, slipping her hand into bis as ho took his neat at her mug. ' Does the artist ever do well?" ho re joined. "Iahoovor natisfiodP Ho dreams of an ideal and points it in fairy colours ; ho muses, ho exults, ho stands boforo his canvas and commences with fervour. To too world ho rays, under his breath, 4 1 will show you a great work,' and to-day, whori he oxamfnos too labours of yesterday, ho doubts, ho trembles, ho sits in scornful judgmont upon his masterpiece, which ho finds after all hut a bungling piocoof work. Well for him that his vain boost was not heard." 14 But it is always so with too Artist," raid Valcrio, kissing his hand. 44 Yes, it is always oo with him. Tlio per formance nover realises the dream. Then is ho haunted by mocking ghosts, then is ho tortured by fears of failure. Down from too heights ho topples in his own ostoom, nnd finds himself but common clay. It is tbo just fato of tho pigmy who in a fino frenzy believed himself a giant." 44 Maurico says that is the true artistic feeling. Wo ore not compotont to judge ourselves.'.' b 44 Are wo not indeed?" ho. raid affec tionately. 44 So Maurice has been luring you into conversations upon nrt for tho purpose of airing his views. It is nlwnys what Maurico save — Maurico the invincible, tho infallible, who issues his ultimatum and dares us to question it. Pray, wbo constituted him the judgo? What crodontialn has he? In what school bos ho learned to correctly gauge tho nrtistio sense, tho artistic performance? How easy it is to bo a critic ! Boys fresh from Bchool presume to mar or maho reputa tions, presume to say, 4 Well dono,' orstroking their heordlwjH uhius suggest improvements in shadow and outline. This Is tho world as it is to-day. I was not awaro'that Maurice was a painter, Valerie." "No father," said Valerie, "Muurioeia not a painter but—" 44 1 will have no 4buts.' Do you not seo that I aro terribly in earnest? Is this great oritio a painter?" "No, father." - 44 1 thought as much. What is ho, then!' 44 Hn is— he is Maurico," sho said, with a smilo. "Now, whore shall I find an argument to tnoet that lucid description of MAuriceP ft ia unanswerable— eh ?" He tooktho bouquet from her hand. 44 He sent you these Bowers — I see tho snake in tho grass— his card — and on it, 4 From Maurice.' Is thoro magio in theso simple words? 4 From Maurico!' Ah, well, I must confess, I suppose. I had a let ter from Maurico this morning, and I won dered at his reason for writing to me." Sho looked up shyly, lovingly, smilingly. 44 Traitor! You knew he had written?" 44 Yes." 44 Ho wishes to speak to mo upon a.matter whioh ho dcolnres is vital. Valcrio, assist mo ; wo will enter into a conspiracy (o dofcat him. What is this vital matter ho wishes to disouss?" 44 Father I" r "Yes, child." 44 Whot will yon ray to'Manrioo F" 44 What would you wish mo to say to him ? I am open to reason, Valcrio." Sho put hor arms round his nock, and bid hor face on his breast. 44 Which means that I must receive him' courteously. I proraiso that, It is bis duo —I aoknowledgo it. Ho is a man of honour, of good family, an honest, earnest gcntloman. What more con a father dosiro when too happiness of a dear ohild ia at stake? Is that, indeed,' so, Valcrio ?" / 44 Yes, father." 44 You lovo him P" 44 Devotedly. I would dio for bim, and he for mo." 44 Yet I am bound to consider that ho comes to rob mo of a treasure more precious to mo than lifo itself. What can I do to protect myself ? Forbid bim tho houfio P 8ct Bpics upon tho publio road to warn mo of his approach ?" Sho smiled, having no fear ; it won swcot to listen to this pretence of disapproval, knowing, . as sho did, tout thoro was no sacriflca ho was not ready to make to ensure her happiness. "These imperious lovers," ho continuod, "aftor insidiously undermiuing tho strong hold, present themselves as conquerors, Alexander himself could not .be more com manding. ' So confident aro they that thoy do not oven draw their swords, but rushing upon you, ory 4 Victory,' and order you to sur render. And wo do it. What other course is opon to us when tho dear traitor in our house lias stolen our nrms, and opened tho gptos to tho invader P" His jtsmimption of light humour, under which ho sought to con ceal his emotion, failed him here, and ho folded Volorio in bis arms. 44 You will not loso mo, father. You will gain anothor child. Maurioo has no parents, nnd ho loves nnd honours you. I should not bo your daughter if I proved ungrateful for all your goodnoss to mo. Wo havo hidden nothing from you. I think you must havo seen " w # 44 Yes, I havo seen, and I am afraid encouraged. What does your aunt ray of Maurico f" " Sho holds him in tho highest ostccm. 14 And so do I. I havo studied hint, and I beliovo him to bo a good man, If I did not I would not givo you to biro. Dear ohild, bo embraced her tondoriy, nnd le/t her to meot Maurico Godofroy, whom ho ra "jess ing the iawd. CHAPTER XIII. Gttktings exchanged, Bernard Mauhray lod too young lawyer to his studio in tho Ruined Tower ; a proceeding of good augury, lot Valerie's lovor knew that uons bat ton artlft's most , Intimate friends .wore. admUtoi there; Maurioo was not a native of Born; hn was born and brought up , in (Paris, and upou too' advioo of friends had "Bolcctod tho owiss city as a promising field for tho oxbrciso of hiB profession. Ho bad hod nu uphill . fight, nnu it. was only after somo years of struggle 'that ho' had suoocedod in planting - his foot firmly on tbo ladder. Through too friondly offioes of Dr. Wober, wboso good favour bo had won, a complicated caso bristling with difficulties had boon placed in bis bands. Failure was predicted by all tho logal ' luminaries of- Bern, and -Maurioo folt that failure meant more to him than tho more loidng of too case. Ho had .'seon Valerio .and loved her; but Dr. Webor alono was in tho secret of his attachment to Bernard Maubray'a daughter. 44 You will not bo in'a position to present yourself as hot lover," raid th? kind dootor to tho ambitious young man, 44 until you havo mode a name far vouraclf. Now prove tho mottlo you are raado of. Hero is a eoso whioh ninety-nine lawyers oat of a hundred would lose. W7n ' it, and win Madomoiselie Valerie." No l greater incentive could be givou. Day and night were devoted by too young ndvocato to 'tho study of tho case, and in tbo teoth ol immense odds and with a formidable array ol illustrious counsel against faira, ho had con ducted it to a triumphant issue. Talented, ambitions, and full of enthusiasm, ho fell himself now justified in proffering his suif for Valorio's hand, and it was for this pur pose ho had written to Bernard Maubray foi on intorviow on her birthday. Introduced to the family oy Dr. Wober he soon became a favourite In Crow's Nest, and tho progress of tho lovo affair wai watched by Bernard Maubray with silent approval. Butproparcd ashowas foritsnatqra! development it was not without a pang thai ho contemplated surrendering his daughter to another man's care. Tho last fow months ol closo association with her had proved to bins that sho was worthy of tbo best ho bad to bestow. Ho was ono of those men to whom tho bestowal of lovo brings thosweotost pleasures, and in oommon with all nobis natures' ha found it a greater blessing to give than to receive. Tho sorrows of his past life wore chostenod ; ho did not, he could not, forget, but tlioviolcnco of bis griof had nossod awuy. To'tbis happier frame of roiod Yalorit hnd largoly contributed. Considerate and thoughtful to tin unusual dogroo in a young girl, sho had so ministered to him as to rovivo all that was boat in his nature, and at tho somo time to implant in his hoart a boundless lovo for her. Thero . was in this a possible danger — a dangor that, undor certain not impossible conditions, it might lead to violoni oxtremes. Had this been pointed out to him ho would havo listened with incredulous ears, but it was none tho less true that ho had becomo morbidly nervous for her safety. Tho growth of this fooling comrocnood upon tho reocipt of tho letter whioh had been addressed to her by an anonymous correspondent. Ho would wako up in tho middle of . too night with tho thought in his mind, 44 Is Volorio safo ?" and ho would steal from bis room to liBton at hor door, nnd to ' walk softly through too house and often into tlio grounds in search of somo - hidden enemy. Tcudor and Btrong-mindod as ho was, thero camo into play a quality of intensity whioh caused him to insensibly magnify ovcry inoident or circumstance ia relation to her. Given a knowledge or suspicion that her happiness was in poril, and that an onomy was really watching his oppor tunity to do her an ill turn, ho would havo so brooded upon it that it wus likely tho ovcu balanco of his brain would bo disturbed and his usunliy clear judgment clouded. Tbia partiality aud disposition to morbid inclining sprang entirely from his porsonal affections ; in nil other matters ho was impartial and unbiassed. On two occasions a singular occurrence had puzzled him. On tho first occasion ho was sitting ug late, when all in tho house had retired to rest. Fnuoying ho heurd a sound without, ho went into tho gronnds to ascertain tbo cause. Ho saw nothing, and heard nothing more to warrant tho fancy, but ho brooded upon it, and ho did not go to bed till past midnight. Tho next day, as lie whs passing into tho pnblio road through tho front gate, ho saw opon tha ground a small gold pencil, of wbioh ho recol leotcd having mado irco uso boforo ho went tw his bedroom. Of this ho was convinced, aud ho could not understand how it could hav found its way to tho spot upon whioh ht found it. ( On tho second occasion the introductory circumstances were of a similar nature. Agafe he was sitting up lato when the members of bit houeohold wero in their bods. Again ha fancied h<£benrd a sound outside tho house. Ho ' stole to Vnlcrio'n door and heard hor soft breathing. Sho slept with htf door unlookcd, and with a night-light burn ing. Softly opening the door, he raw thai sho was slumbering peacefully. Again bt went out, and could discover no cnuso for tht fancy. It was raining, and thero was mud on tno paths. Ho recollected, or thought ha recollected, that upon his return to tho hous ho had exchanged his muddy shoes for a paw of slippore. Again ho retired to rent after mid night. Tbo next morning ho noticed th«ft the slippers ho had worn, and whioh now law on the bedroom floor, wero covered with mud. Ho asked himself how tho mud could havi got upon thorn, and ho searched his memory whothcr ho had worn them before ho went into the grounds. After a period of reflection ho deoided that his memory must bo at fault, and that thoy must have been on his fc«t whon ho walked through tho grounds. Ho mado no mention of theso incidents, and, no further alarm occurring, ho ceased to trouble himself about them. Closeted now with Mnuricc, tho young ninn oxplained tho purport of his visit, and in modest and well-chosen words solicited Mnubray's consent to his suit witk Valerio. " Certain worldly questions must bo asked and aacwercd before I can givo you a reply, said Maubray, 44 There is a material side ta this matter. What can yo« offer by daughter?" . 44 An honoured name, sir, and tho prospect I of a prosperous future, which it is my dearest - hopo sho will shore." "Nothing moroP'! " . 44 A lovo &a; dovotcd as it is fa the utcn a? man-to feel." 44 It should count for much;" said Bentasi Maubray. - " It is a snored cbargo you ash al mo." 44 1 will ludd it m. Tk> . aako hor h«BM shall bo the object of my life." There was a pause boforo Bernard Mnubraf spoko again, it was a promlso ho himaefl had made in years . gone by, and whfafc with nil his earaestnom he hau endeavoured to fulfil. 44 As to year present means P" ".They are not large. I can maintain i faxno in fair comfort. Oar state will not he Insurious, but there is tho future." 44 Yes, thero is always the future. A nature such ns Valerio's can bo happy with out luxury." 44 Thon you consent, sirP" raid Maurico. 44 Not yet, "t repliod Muubray, smiling a| the young man's eagerness. 41 Youth is san guine and impetuous. Before money, before lovo even, stand honour and Integrity. Ida not say it of you, nor do I stMpcct it, or wo should not now bo discussing a matter denr to rao as to you, but there nre men who offor mnidon tlio stulo Ices of ' a lifo of disrepute who hold what I deem saorcd in small esteem. Such unions breed misery. Thoy may bring a grosS pleasure to too husband, but tW bring a moral death to tho wifo. In such care marriage is not n blessing, but a curse. 44 1 entirely. Agree with you, sir." "Toll mo oometoiug of your pasl Maurico." pro bb continued.! IVIC-Q Mrs. Dix: 44 Isn't your mother very glad you havo recovered from tho whoopb cough F1 Dick: 44 1 don't beliovo so, mu'utoi 1 you can't think how it aropiod tho bnby." Ooloari John Morgan, UMay or of Brcooc recently signified hi iafae&m; of laying dowa at Mo own cost plant far dtoelcotria lightioc ottfco town. ItiaretoT&twl; thatthia praotSnlfy mean a 