Items of News. ———— The Government Astronomer pre dicts that to-day will be “fine, but more or less cloudy.” Besides the case of Rebecca Salinger v. Hugh Mahon, which is reported else where, the Kalgoorlie Police Court dealt on Thursday morning with the cases of two 'drunks,' who were cau tioned; and that of a man named Thos. Cronin, who was fined £2 for disorderly conduct in a public place. Cr. J. D. Connolly, the wellknown contractor, has called attention to an error made in yesterday's issue, when his initials were applied to the person of the same surname who is concerned in the Hannans Central Extended trouble. He wishes it to be known that he has nothing to do with the mat ter. The Postmaster notifies that mails for the Australian colonies will close at the Kalgoorlie Post Office on Wednesday, the 19th inst., at 2 p.m., for transmis sion per R.M.S. Cuzco. Money orders close at noon. Late letters, on pay ment of the usual fee, additional to the postage, will be received up to 2.30 p.m. The supplementary mail closes at 5.30 p.m., late letters at 5.45 p.m. The last of the lectures by Rev. Geo. Tregear, of Melbourne, on 'How Eng land Saved Africa,'' with glimpses through battle smoke and recitals and songs, will be given in the Campbell street Wesleyan Church this evening. Mr Tregear has deservedly become very popular with his audiences. His lan tern illustrations, shown by the acety lene light, are clear and bright, and his songs and recitals are given in first class style. On the motion of Mr George, the Legislative Assembly has fixed the age of retirement from the public service at 60 instead of 65 years. It should, however, be understood that this pro vision is distinctly permissive in its character. It does not necessarily fol low that an officer would require to leave the service at the age of 60, but that any officer could be called upon by the Governor in Council to retire at that age when the circumstances ap peared to render such a course desir able. Many people attended yesterday afternoon at the Kalgoorlie Warden's Court— (an adjournment had been made from the morning)— to watch the pro- ceedings in connection with a number of applications, some of them objected to, for the registration of alluvial claims on the disputed Hannans Cen tral Extended ground. However, when the cases were called on the Warden announced that they must stand ad- journed till the first sitting of the War den's Court, after October 8. This was in consequence of the issue of injunc tions from the Supreme Court, on the application of the Hannans Central Extended Company, restraining Con nelly, an applicant for the lease, and other alluvial men from operating on the ground pending a decision from the Supreme Court in relation thereto. The late Mr Walter Griffiths. M.P., of Adelaide, did good service for the Reform League during the continuance of the Separation for Federation move ment. On the receipt of the news of his death, Mr H. M. Jackman, secre tary of the Reform League, telegraphed en behalf of the executive committee, to the Right Hon. C. C. Kingston, ask ing the latter gentleman to convey to Mr Griffiths relatives and friends their deep regret and sympathy. The tele gram also expressed warm appreciation of Mr Griffiths’ services to the league. Yesterday Mr Jackman received the following message from Mr Kingston : — ''Reform League's telegram received and request therein complied with. Our friend Walter Griffiths' services to Federation were invaluable, and his death is a great public loss.' Yesterday afternoon the coroner's in quest, was concluded in relation to the decease of the man Charles P. Morri son, who was found dead in bed at a Forrest-street boarding house on Sun day morning last. Mr H. Mahon, J.P.. acted as coroner, and the jury men sworn in were P. Lynch, T. Lyons, and T. A. Porter. It was de posed by Dr A. Love, of the Govern ment Hospital, that a post-mortem ex amination had led him to the conclu sion that death had been due to in flammation of the membranes of the brain, due possibly to excessive indul gence in alcohol. The man appeared to have been a heavy drinker. Other evidence showed that the deceased had formerly been engaged in the signal works department of the Victorian Rail ways, and was supposed to be a single man. A verdict was given in accord ance with the medical testimony. The following circular letter has been addressed by the secretary of the Trades and Labor Council to members of both Houses of Parliament: — 12 Federal Buildings. 8th September, 1900. — Sir, — I am directed by the Trades and Labor Council of West Australia, and in pursuance of a principle affirmed by the West Australian Trades' Union and Labor Congress of both 1899 and 1900, to request that you will assist in bring ing about legislation (immediately) to provide for the payment of members in the next Parliament. The council are of opinion that, as the principle of payment of members has been affirmed by the present Parliament, effect should be given to it without reeourse to a re ferendum, in order that the electors may at the next general elections have an opportunity of selecting their repre sentatives with the assurance that those members will be paid for their service. Thanking you in anticipation for an early reply,— I have, etc., J. W. Croft, Secretary Trades and Labor Council of West Australia. A meeting of the members of the Opposition was held on Tuesday, when it was decided to oppose the re-election of Mr B. C. Wood, the new Minister of Railways, for the West Perth constitu ency. The candidate selected by the Opposition is Mr R. Martin, solicitor. Mr Martin is a member of the firm of Martin and Phillips, solicitors. He is a nephew of the late Mr James Martin, M.L.A., who for many years represen ted South Sydney in the Legislative As sembly of New South Wales. He is native of Sydney, and was educated at the King's School, Parramatta, He was admitted to the Bar of New South Wales in 1895, and came to this colony early in 1897 during which year he was admitted a practitioner of the Su preme Court of West Australia. He states that his politics are of the demo cratic progressive school, and that he will conduct his election as a straight out Oppositionist candidate. The Labor Party have decided not to oppose Mr. Woods' candidature. Mr A. W. B. Mather has consequently withdrawn. It is stated that Mr A. E. Thomas, general manager of the Norseman Gold Mines, Ltd., will be a candidate for the Dundas seat in the Assembly at the general elections. We have been asked to state in con nection with the recent dismissals from the Kalgoorlie Post Office that Mr. W. R. Adair has been reinstated by the Minister on the recommendation of the P.M.G. The success of the Boulder Traders' gala seems assured, should the weather prove at all favorable. The business men and residents are taking a deep interest in the show, and are most li berally patronising it. The entries were to have closed last night, but they came in so fast at the last moment that it was found necessary to extend the time till this evening. There will be a requiem mass and office at St. Mary's, Kalgoorlie, on Saturday, September 15, for the eternal rest of the late Father Plunkett, C.S.S.R. The office will commence at: 9 a.m. sharp. The following clergy men will be in attendance : — The Rev. E. O'Reilly, Coolgardie; Rev. Father Cleary, Kanowna; Rev. Father Brere- ton, Paddington ; Rev. Father Bren-- nan and Father O'Donnell, Boulder; Revs. Father Phelan and Father Stronge, Kalgoorlie. A Baptismal service was held at the Egan-street Baptist Church last even ing, when an address on 'Christian Baptism' was given by the Rev. A. S. Wilson, from Perth. Mr. Geo. Dibdin presided. Pastor Julian from the Boul der City Baptist Church, also assisted in the service. Two persons passed through the baptismal waters before a goodly audience. During the meeting a cablegram from Ceylon, announcing the acceptance by Mr. Miles, of the ap pointment of Pastor in charge of the Baptist union work in Kalgoorlie, was read to the meeting by Mr. Wilson. Mr. Miles has been appointed on account of his successful work among men in Cey lon, and leaves there for Western Aus tralia in the G.M.S. Konigin Luise. A Boulder, correspondent writes : — 'In response to an advertisement a number of persons assembled at the house of Mr. Charles, Boulder Block, for the purpose of forming a Baptist Church at Boulder City. After ad dresses by the Rev. A. S. Wilson, act ing president of the Baptist Union of West Australia, Mr. Geo. Dibdin, Mr. D. Julian, and others, a church was formed by Mr. Wilson with the follow ing basis : ‘Faith in Jesus Christ, the receipt of eternal life through Him and the teaching and practice of baptism into the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost by immersion in water.' Mr D. Julian was appointed pastor and Mr Lee secretary and Mr. Charles trea surer. The church imtend meeting in the Friendly Societies' Hall until a church is built, which, it is hoped, will be started at an early date. The Chief Inspector of Stock has re ceived the followinf telegram from Mr. C. Stockton, the postmaster at Widgie mooltha :- September 10. — A cyclist overlander named H. E. Manen, en route for Coolgardie, reports to me to day having seen large numbers of rab- bits up to 150 miles on the west side of Eucla. He stated that at some places among the cliffs they were as numerous as in some of the infested districts of the eastern colonies, and also that the burrows were plentiful. A few miles on the west side of a deserted station named Madara they were exceptionally thick. The country he described as looking magnificent. It has, we un derstand, been known for a consider- able time past that rabbits had infested the district indicated in the above mes sage. In fact this is the same part of the country in which a number of cats were liberated by the Stock Department some months ago. Considerable public comment took place yesterday over the constitution of the Bench which sat to deal with the charge of criminal libel preferred against Mr. Hugh Mahon, as editor of the 'Sun.' At the commencement of the proceedings the defendant objected to the case being heard before the R.M. and Mr. Cohn, J.P. It was pointed out that Mr Finnerty had previously declin- ed to hear a similar charge by the same plaintiff against the same defendant, and further that as Mr Finnerty's ac tion as chairman of the Licensing Bench was seriously impugned in the alleged libel his adjudication was open to question. Mr Cohn was also ob~ jected to on the grounds that he had been subpoenaed as a witness, and that he had been previously plaintiff in a similar action against one of the pro- prietors of the 'Sun.' Despite these objections both magistrates retained their seats on the Bench and proceeded to hear the case, which will be found fullv reported elsewhere. Nothing important having occurred during the past week, the 'Western Argus' photograper utilised his lei sure in securing photographs of some of the Hannans mines, of which, by the way, that individual is a perfect (photo graphic) devotee. As a result of his la bor, the following mines are depicted in this week's issue :— Marty's shaft on the South Kalgurli, Boulder Central, Hannans Treasure, Boulder West, Great Boulder (showing its condensers) and the Golden Horseshoe (in a pano ramic view). There are also a view of the pumping station at Menzies and a full page representation of a sketch de picting the hoisting of the British flag on the Pretoria Government Build ings. The good things, literary and pictorial, contained in the number cover an extent or 43 pages, and are so various as to be incollatible. An item of interest to the ladies may, however, be mentioned— an account of the Bene volent Society’s late ball at Kalgoorlie, with a detailed list of the dresses worn on that occasion. A Bill has been introduced dividing West Australia into five electorates for the House of Representatives in the Federal Parliament. It is provided that no elector can vote more than once The electorates are named as follows;: Coolgardie, Fremantle, Kalgoorlie, Occielent, and Perth. The electorates mentioned, comprise the following dis tricts:— Coolgardie: 1, Mount Burgess;. 2, Coolgardie; 3, Cue; 4, East Kim berley; 5, West Kimberiey; 6. Mount Magnet; 7, Mount Margaret ; 8, Men zies; 9, North Murchison;i10, Pilbarra; 11\. Yilgarn. Fremantle: 1, Cockburn Sound; 2, Fremantle; 3, East Fre mantle; 4, North Fremantle; 5, South Fremantle; 6, Murray; 7, South Perth; S, Swan. Kalgoorlie: 1, Boulder; 2, Dundas; 3, Hannans -, 4, Kalgooriie; 5, Kanowna. Occident: 1, Albany; Beverley; 3, Bunbury; 4, Gascoyne; 5, Geraldton; 6, Greenough; 7, Invin ; 8, Moore; 9, Murchison ; 10, Nelson; 11, Northam ; 12, Plantagenet ; 13, Roe- bourne; 14, South-West Mining; 15, Sussex: 16, Toodyay; 17, Wellington, 18, Williams; 19, York. Perth: 1, Claremont; 2, Guildfrod : Perth: 4 East Perth; 5, North Perth; 6, West Perth; 7, Subiaco. 