ran STOBYTELLEB The Mound by the Way. Bt Eden Phillpotts. IX. That highest hope, long abandoned, should thus suddenly return within his reach staggered. John Aggett, and went far to upBct the man's mental equilibrium. Indeed it had been but a little exaggeration to describe his mind as for the time unbinired. The splendour of bin changed position dfzzled bim and set bim in a whirl of emotions. Joy and bewilderment strove for mastery and from a medley of poignant sensations was bred the passionate desire of possession, and a wild beast hunger to secure for his own what had been with held so long. Sarah Bel worthy for her part experienced great turbulence of conflicting fears. Her mind was fixed, yet had S' me thing in it of absolute terror as she reflected upon tbe recent interview. She had off t red herself to bim as a sudden inspiration ; and now, retracing that fevered scene, Jobn Aggett's frenzy of demeanour alaimei her much, for it was a revelation tf a fide to the man the had never encountered until then. Presently an answer came to her puzzled mind — a solution of a sort that made the blood surge hotly to Sarah's face. Could it be that she bad offered herself where she was wanted no more ? Had John's chivalry alone been responsible for his ready undertaking to receive her back ? She nearly screamed in tbe silence of ber l'tile chamber at this thought, she desisted from her labour of preparation ana flung herself upon her bed in secret shame. But reason quickly banished tbe fear. She remembered the man's intoxication of joy, hiB delirious thanksgiving. She felt her bosom sore where he had hugged her to himself and praised tbe God of Justice. Next she retraced his subsequent display of passion, his extravagant utterances and threats. She realised very fully that be held the pending crisis as one of vital magnitude, and knew that he was strung to a pitch far beyond any that previous experience of him had exhibited or revealed to her. She determined to give him no cause for further exoitement and so jeturnedto her work, wondering the while what this ingredient of fear might be that had entered into her emotions concerning him. Anon her thoughts passed to the other man, and the last struggle began. For his own salvation she was leaving him, bat with natural human weakness she much desired that he should know of her great sacrifice in the time to come. That Timothy should pursue his life in ignorance of the truth after she had departed was a terrible thought to Sarah, but to see him appeared out of the question ; so there was a possibility that he would deem her faithless and worthless to the end. She knelt and prayed that the nature of the thing Bhe had done might be revealed to him in the fulness of time ; and then her miud grew active in another direction, and she wondered why she had thrown herself back into her first lover's arms, and not taken hie advice — to remain free of both. Her feelings towards Aggett eluded all possibility of analysis or understanding. She fled from them to the task of setting her small possessions in order and packing her basket for the forthcoming de parture. Sarah couid not write and she was unable there* fore to leave any message for her parents. Their anxiety must endure for the space of a day and night, but might then be allayed. She pictured herself dictating a letter to the Bcrivener at Okehampton, and wondered what she should putin it. A a the time approached and the day died, the vision of Timothy grew clearer and more clear. She saw his grief and indignation, his sorrow and dismay ; she knew every line in his face which would contract, every furrow tbat would be deepened at this event ; and sho speculated drearily upon his course of action and shivered at the possibility of a meeting between tbe men. Her distraction did not obscure the drift of John's last words, however, or blind her lo tbe importance of keeping tryst at the beech, for he bad made it clear that some unutterable disaster must overtake them if she delayed her coming beyond the srroke of the church clock. It wanted twenty minutes to 8 when Sarah started to meet the partner of her future life ; and as her destination was only a short half-mile distant, she allowed ample time to reach it. Meantime Aggett had parsed down the hill five minutes sooner. It was a night af broken clouds and full moon. Bapid motion in tbe direction of the zenith seemed imparted to the planet as scattered vapour driven before a light north westerly breeze passed across its face. With ascending movements, the moon mounted a silvery stairway of clouds and passed swimming upwards across one scattered track of darkness to the next. Stars twinkled here and there upon the interspaces of gloom, and the nocturnal world beneath was full of soft light and sweet spring sccnt. Nature's busy fingers moved about those duties men see not in the act. From umbels of infant chestnut . leaves she drew the sheaths, loosened the folds of primroses and wood anemones, opened the little olive-coloured buds of the woodbine's foliage, liberated the chrysoprase epeatB of the wild arums from the dty earth. A fern owl whirred and wheeled about a blackthorn tree that stood alone near Aggett's cottage door. Green leaves now clothed it, where a few weeks earlier blossoms had made tbe tree snow white. Tbe spring green of field and forest and hedgerow looked wan under che bright moonlight ; valleywards a mist, born of recent rain, wound sinuously and shimmered opalescent, like magic moher-o'-pearl seas, while above loomed a background of night-hiddeu moor. Viewed at this distance, the waste returned no spark or twinkle of the light from above, but extended darkly and gigantically along the horizon and made the upper chambers of moonlight and cloud shine cut the brighter for its own sullen and dimensionless obscurity. John Aggett passed from th-j embrace of the night wind into the denser atmosphere of the woods beneath. A stream brawled beside him and ran before the cottage cf the Belworthys. Here he dawdled a moment half in hope to meet Sarah ; but he felt confident tbat Bhe was in reality before him, and would be waiting era now at the beech. Proceeding downwards be passed a young man leaning against a gate. The yonth stood quite motionless, and. over his shoulder Aggett observed wide-spreading grass lands. Upon the expanse of dim green, parallel bars of faint light between equal tracts of gloom indicated that a roller had been passed regularly over the field to better its promise of future bay. The man turned, and John, knowing the other for Timothy Chave, guessed that he awaited a companion. Instant rage set his blood racing : the veins iu his neck and forehead bulged ; the muscles of hand and arm hardened : but he kept in shadow, and passed upon the further side of the road where the stream ran. Timothy bid him ' goad night ' in the voice of one who does not recognise him to whom he speaks ; but Aggett returned no answer, and, satisfied that he had not been recognised, soon passed out of earshot. His mind was now darker than the shadows of the pine trees, fuller of brooding whispers than their inky tops ; but be fought against foreboding with tbe full strength of his will, set presentiment of evil behind him, and lifted bis voice and spoke abud to cheer himself. ' Her'Il be down-along ; ber'll surely b6 down along, dear heart, waitrn' for me. She knaws nought about tbe chap standin' theer. It caan'tbe. She'm strong set to follow, for 'tis the road of ber awn ohoosin'.' He proceeded ti- the spot where Sarah bad first promised herself to bim. The old beech bole ehme ghost grey under the moon ; as yet no copper coloured bud- spike bad opened, and aloft the thickening traceries, still spotted by a few s( ed cases of last year's mast, showed in wonderful black lace-work against the silver sky. Sarah Belworthy was not visible, and Aggett felt a mighty dread tightening at bis stomach, like hands. He threw down his bundle and stick. Then he listened awhile, only to hear the jolt and grind of a wood sledge proceeding down the hill. He looked abont him, calculated that it yet wanted ten minutes to the hour, then struck a light with a flint, puffed it into flame and sought idly for the initials and lover's knot that he had set upon the beech. HiB work had suffered little since its first completion : but now it vanished, for, upon some sudden whim, the man fetched oat his knife, obliterated tbe inscription with a few heavy gashes, pared all away, and left nothing but a raw white blaze upon the bark. His own down cast condition puzzled him. Now, albeit within five minutes of his triumph, now, while each moment was surely bringing Sarah to him on tripping feet, he grew more morose and ill at ease. It was the thought of the other standing at the gate. Once more John talked to himself aloud to cheer his spirit. '* Cnrse the fule — standin' bo stark under the moon, like a moxnmet* to fright pixies. Her won't stop for bim — never. Her'U come ; her's promised.' He repeated the words over and over again like a parrot ; but a voice, loud as his own, answered him and mccked him out of the dark ness. His life and its futility reeled before him like phantasmagoria upo* the night. He stamped and swore to disturb the visions ; but as he waited and listened for Sarah's coining the past took visible shape again and summoned pictures of days gone by wheu he went wool gathering with little Sally on the high' moor. No sound broke the silence, no footfall gladdened his heart. And then there floated out the chimes of the hour, and the clock strokes that succeeded spanned great chasms of time witb each deep, long-drawn note. It was as though the bell knew all and hesitated to toll a doom ; but its music died ; remote echoes also passed mourn fully away ; the hour waB numbered with time past and the world rolled on under the moon. Great fiords of passion drowned the man for a moment. He flung himself upon the earth and beat the young green things with bis clenched hands. The smell of bruised primroses touched his nostrils and in the spirit he saw Sarah Belworthy again bearing a great nosegay of tbem. She moved beside him through a bygone April ; her laugh made music through the spring woods ; her lips were very red ; and round her girl's throat hung a little necklace of hedge sparrow's eggs, blue as tbe vernal sky. Aggett arose, rubbed the earth from his knuckles and began to tighten tbe thong he wore about bis waist. Bat the leather under his hands suddenly challenged bis mind and he took off the belt and examined it. ' Her never loved me — never — never,' be said to the night. 'To leave me arter what I said — to leave me now knawiu' ? 'Tis enouerh. I be tired — I be weary of tbe whole airth. Her lied to me through it all : but I won't lie to she.' He flung down the belt, then pickcd it up again and removed a little bag that was fastened to it and contained a few shillings in silver. This he placed beside bis bundle. Then he flung tbe long snaky coil of the girdle up an the ground and stood, like a stone man, staring at it. Elsewhere, Sarah, hastening down the hill five minutes after John had noted Timothy at the gate of the hayfield, similarly saw and recognised him. His presence reminded her of a fact entirely forgotten during the recent storm and stress. He was there by appointment and eager to hear the first rustle of hiB sweetheart's approach. Now her heart flogged at her breast, and she felt her knees weaken. But she kept 9teadily on with averted face and iostinct quick to find concealment in every shadow. She drew her hood about her and walked upon the grass by the wayside. The man heard and turned, waking from a reverie. He saw his sweetheart even aB she passed bim by. ' Sally ! It is Sally ! ' he cried. She did not answer, though his voice shook her to the well springs of her life ; and be, supposing that she was about some lover's pretty folly, laughed joyously and came after her. Then the hastened the more and he did like wise. ' A moonlight chase. So be it, sweetheart ; but you'll have to pay a heavy penalty when I catch you ! ' Still she could not speak, then perceiving that he must speedily overtake her she found her tongue. ' Doan't 'e follow me ! 'Tis life — life an' death. Ban't no time for play. Turn back, Tim, turn back if you ever loved me.' Her tone alarmed him and hen hesitated a Great floods of passion drowned tbe man for a moment, and he flung himself upon tbe earth. moment, then Came steadily on again, calling to Sarah to stop. ' Tell me what's amiss — quick, quick, dear one ! Who should help you in the whole world but your Tim ? ' Now ber quick brains had devised a means of possible escape. The stream tbat ran by the road here passed immediately under a high hazel hedge, and the bank bad been torn down by cattle at one point. Upon the other side of this gap extended a narrow meadow at the fiinge of young coppice woods. Ouce within tbis shelter Sarah felt she might be safe. But there was not a moment to lose, for Tim had now approached within fifteen yards of her. A Thousand though! a hastened through the girl's mind in those fleeting1 moment*, and not the least wad one of indignation against her pursuer. She had bid him stay, yet he paid no heed, but blundered on, dead to consequences, ignorant of the awful evil fur which he might be responsible if he restrained her. To leap the stream was Sarah's first task — a feat trifling by day, but not so easy now that night had sucked detail from the scene and banished every particular of tie brook's rough course. Here its waters chattered invisible ; here tht-y dipped under young grasses and forget-me-nots ; hire twinkled out into the moon only to vanish again .engulfed by great shadows. The girl sped upon her uneven way, marked the gap ahead, and, in her haste, mistaking for moonlight a grey stone immediately before her at a little tend in the stream, leapt forward, struck her feet agairst granite, and, falling, spread her hands to save herself But despit3 this action her forehead came violently against the stone and her left foot suffered still more severely. She struggled to re cover and rise, while her basket tumbled into the stream, scattering small, precious possessions on the water. With a desperate effort the girl actually regained her feet, but only to lose consciousness and to be caught up in Tim Ohave's arms as she fell again. Then it was her pursuer's turn to suffer ; but rapid action relieved him of some anxiety and occupied his mind. The place was very lonely , the girl apparently dead. For half and hour he sought to revive her ; then she opened her eyes and lifted them to the moon, nnd by slow stages, of broken thoughts took up the thread of her life again. ' Tbank God — thank God, my darliDg ! If you only knew what I have endured. I thought you had killed yourself, and the teiror of it has made me grow old. What, in Heaven's name, were you doing to run from me like that ? ' She put up one hand to her head and uttered a long shivering sigh, but as yet lacked the power to speak. Beneath her hair was a terrible bruise, and she felt that something stabbed her eyes and made them flash red fiery rings into the cold, cool silver of the moonlight. 'Speak,' he said ; ' just one little word, my treasure — just one word, so that I may know my life has come back to me.' Then she spoke, slowly at first, with increased Bpeed as her memory regained clearness. *' No, no, no — not to Tim, not back to Tim. I remember, I fell running away from 'e. Yoa A full life-size pnrtrait iu oils of Henry Keudall has just been executed by Mr. W. H. Gocher. The widow of tbe pout and those who knew bim con sider it an excellent likeness. The figure is standing with graceful pose, and the colouring throughout blends iu perfect harmony with admirable softuess. The trame has beeu munufactured by Mr. Bernard, of George-street, aud ia probably one of the largest and best made in the colonies. The design is thoroughly Austialian. On the top there are a boomerang and a nulla-uulla, on each side two speais, and on the bottom a tablet with inscrip tion : — HENHY KENDALL, Poet, 1838-1882. The portrait is on view in Mr. Bernard's establish ment, George-street. sinned a gert sin to come arter me when I bid 'e to let me bide. Help me now — now, 'fore 'tis tu lute. 'Tis the least you can do, an' theer's a man's life hanging to it for all I knaw. Say nothin' ; ax nothin' ; help me, help me quick to go to un.' ' To whom, Sarah ? You're dreaming, lovey. Who should I take you to — your father ? But I'm here, Timothy, an' thans God I was. What frightened you so ? Like a moonbeam you went and nearly broke your neck and my heart together — 'pon my honour you did.' ' Help me,' she said. ' Give awver talk in', for it bau't the time. You'll knaw how 'twas some day. I've prayed solemn, as you should knaw. Let me go down- along, quick — quicker'n lightning — or it may be tu late. Wheer'j my basket gone ? I had a li'l basket. An' alius b'lieve I loved 'e — b'lieve it to the end of the world. ' As if I ever doubted it ? Now 1st me carry you right home, my little wounded bird. The sooner the better.' ' No, I tell 'e. Help me to my feet, now this instant minute if you doan't want me to go mad. Theer's things hid — terrible things. I must go. He won't wait for me ; he swore it. Down to the gert beech he bides, Jan — Jan Aggett. Oh, help me, my awn love ; help me, Tim, for my body's weak, an' I can't rise up without 'e.' ' To him — help you to him ! ' ' I mean it. I can't tell you nothing. For the love of the Lard doan't talk no more. 'Tis most 8 o'clock for certain. Oh, if I thwart 'un ! ' She struggled desperately, like a trapped animal that sees dog or man approaching ; and he helped her to stand, though now he scarcely knew what he did Then the pang of a dislocated bone in her foot pierced the girl, and sh9 cried aloud and sank back breathless and faint with pain. ' I caan't go to un, so you must. Hasten, hasten, if ever you loved me, an' mend the gert wrong you've done by bringing me to this. Speed down to the beech at the corner o' the woods an' tell Jan Aggett what have fallen out. Never mind me ; my foot bau't no account ; but Jan— him — tell un I'm here against my will. Shout aloud through the peace o' the night as you'm comin to un from me.' Still he hesitated until her voice rose in a high pitched shriek of impatience, and she tore her hair and beat her breast. Then he departed, and even ran as she screamed to him to go faster Once fairly started Timothy made the best of his way to Throwleigh for a doctor and man's aid to carry Sarah to her home. At the dripping well beside the stile he stopped a moment a ad shouted his rival's name till the woods echoed ; but no answer oame, and he ran oa, gasping, to the village. Fifteen minutes later Timothy returned to the hill with the local practitioner, his apprentice, and two labourers. Investigation proved that Sarah Bslworty had not been very gravely injured, though her mind was evidently suffering from some serious shock. She asked for Aggett on Tim's return, and, being assured that he had left the beech tree before her messenger reached it, she relapsed into silence. Soon the slight HENRY KENDALL. dislocation in her foot was reduced, and she lay in comfort on the pallet that she had thought to press no more. A small boy, playing truant from his dame's school, discovered the nature of John Aggett's final action ' The lad, seeking for those elements of mystery and adventure never absent from a wood, found both readily euough where a great beech stood at the precincts of the pine forest. First a bundle in a red handkerchief, with a stout stick lying beside it, made (he explorer peep fearfully about lor the owner. Then he found him, and the ?mall boy's eyes giew round, his hair rose under his cap, and his jaw fell. Lifted but a few inches upon his head and hangiog by tbe neck from a great limb of the beech was a man weary of wait ing for the woman who could not keep her word. In the earth they laid John Aggett, at the j auction of cross roads not far from his mother's home, and they handled his clay roughly, and, cutting a blackthorn stake from the tree by his cottage door, buried tbe man with old-time indig nities and set no mark upon his grave. For two years Sarah and Timothy were strangers after that night ; then Farmer Cbave passed to his ancestors, and Tim found himself lord of Cridland Barton and a free man. In courje of time he won the girl bacK ; indeed little effjrt was needed to do so. Thiir wedded life is not recorded, and may be supposed to have passed peacefully away. A son's son now reigns in the place of his yeoman fathers, and his grandparents lie together under the grass of Throwleigh church yard. There for 50 years an antique monument has risen above them and a fat cherub puffed at a post-horn, but to-day gold lichens threaten to obliterate the manifold virtues of Timothy Chave and his lady, as feet forth on slanting stone. And tbe other man rests lonely under the sloe tree, for its green wood grew and flourished to the amazement of those who set it there. Tet the purple harvest of that haggard and time-fretted thorn men still bid their children leave upon the bough, for the roots of it wind in the dust of the unholy dead, and to gather the flower or pluck tbe fruit would surely be to court ill-fortune and beckon sorrow. The End. 