THE KAFFIR. The writer has seen the South Afri can native, commonly called Kaffir, in all his varying phrases, in his wild state semi-civilised, and wholly so. He has seen the native at liis best and at his worst untainted by the touch of civilisa tion and soiled by its proximity. The Kaffiir in his uncivilised state is an overgrown child, with childish foibles ana snortcomings. iiut let him learn the vices of civilisation, let him realise the evil there is in him, let him discover that there is a broad path leading to destruction — and you will find a fully civilised being, as capable in certain directions as is the white man. It is a fact that where the Kaffir is permitted to dwell in primeval ignorance, with none to warn him against vices lie knows nothing about, lie remains a good Christian, even though he is ig norant of doctrinal disputes and the meaning of higher criticism. A study of the Kaffir is a study of the human being. And what is more, he has been erosslv and shamefully maltreated. As for the morality of the Kaffir — that differs according to the tribe and its proximity to civilisation. The Zulu is eminently virtuous. In frac tion of the law of morality is punished by death. The culprits are placed on the ground with their respective heads Testing upon a flat stone Then their heads arc crushed with another stone. On tllP nfliPP llitn/4 tl a TIrtf tonfot- liav. ing been a close companion of the white man, is the most immoral and depraved human being in existence. The Matabeles are moral, so are the Basutos and the Mashonas The Bec chuanas arc less so and the Bushmen rank next to the despised Hottentots. That the latter arc as bad as staled is evident when the Zulus will not work in thesnme n.ine with one, Or sleep in the same room or krnnl. Isearly nil the tribes, save the Hottentots and Bushmen, are cleanly, the Zulus par ticularly so. The Zulu Roes in bath ing twici- a day. He cleanses his teeth with milk at sunrise jtnd ajjainat sun set. All the tiilns, even these par tially civilised, i.eneve 111 ghosts and spirits. Many worship the spirits of the departed. Still others are fetih worshippers The most advanced tribe is the Basuto nation, of which there are 50.000 Christians, with 144 schools Strict as are the laws against the indiscriminate selling of liquors to natives, they are yet oble to obtain all they want. And when their supply of ordinary rum and whisky runs short they manufacture the notorious ?' Cape Smoke.' This addiction to alcohol is the great curse of the Basutos, and, in fact of every other tribe. CupeSinoke must be tasted to be appreciated — pro- vided tlite person thus expetimenting survives. For, be it known that the Cape Smoke consists of w ood alcohol, red pepj.er, anri sulphuric acid. This terrible concoction is relished by the Kaffirs as no European drink — they have not yet been c'vilised up to tlie level of the American 'mixed drink.' But to return to the Basutos, For mote than 100 years this tribe has been undergoing a process of forcible civilis ation. Good men and good women have saci iflced^.their lives to the noble cause Just before the present war beean there was a eatherine of indu nas, or native priests, near the Free State border. Thousands of ' Chris tian ' natives ateended. Two oxen were brought into a ring formed for the purpose. One of the animals was snow white, representing the British. The other, coal black, represented the Boers. With weird incantations and wild dances these Christianised Basutos skinned the poor oxen alive. The white ox succumbed after five hours of terrible agony ; tbe black one Jhed for nearly a day and a night. The gods of the ' Christian ' Basutos had answered the oracle — the Boers would win. 