QHAPTER XII. A bracelet and some old lace from Madame Kallmann, " With loving felicitation* to my dear nieoe Valeric"; a daiuty watch, exquisitely outnnellod, > from Dr. Weber, " With affectionate wishes from an old friend"; a set of flower vases from the servants in Crow's Nest, "With dutiful respects to our young mistress"; a fan, upon each leaf of which was an allegory, a poetical fancy, or a scene from nature, painted by Bernard Uaubray, "To Valeric, with her father's love "; a bouquet of white and red rages tied frith, a ribbon ou which was inscribed, ''From Maurice to Valerie"; these, with flowers and .remembrances from humbler 1 friendB by whom she was loved, lay about the room, and on tho table by which Valerie was sitting on her twenty- third birthday. It was noon of a beautiful duy in June, and nil tilings contributed to the youug girl's happi ness ; the soft breeze, the dreamy clouds, the r«st?inff of tho leave*, were in h&rmuuy; with Valerie's mood. Uneventful rts her life appeared to hare been, she had passed through a storm harder to bear because, like a mother protecting her young, she had taken its full force upon her shoulders; but this heart-trial was over, and peaoe held out his arms to her. She gazed at the gifts, and, moving about the room, handled them gratefully and tenderly; in tho dumb memorials there was a spiritual life which spoke to her in loviug aoocufs, glorify ing her nutal day with uffection worthily won and richly deserved. Gentle and sweet to all who cume iu contact with her, recognising no differences in social rank as a claim unon the measure of her regard, no less merciful to the poor than to the rich, it would have been strange iudeed had ehe failed to win affection, for though there is ^ much that is mean and timo-serving iu the world, there are beneath this sordid erust sterling qual itics which ring true when brought within the influence of such unselfish kindness, fig Valerie showed to high and low alike. TTw gifts by which she whs surrounded were proofs of thin. They were the unsought re wurd of the effort# of an unselfish unture ; they spoke of the pnst and the present, and the bouquet of roses, emblem of the future, sang its silont song of love. Sinking into a chair, she raided the flowers to ber lips and kissed tboni, and with her closed eyes resting lightly on the k-nvcs s«iw visions whichBtirrea per mm) with u eticrod joy. This was the tpringtime of her lifo ; the promise of summer vas smiling upon her. Thero had been dark lays in the past, days of sorrow and anmiisb ft which she had watched the fading of a life tear to her and most dear to ber father, days Heightened bv a word of sympathy, and for time tints thereafter tho had not known IBM*; but m this happy day tbeso griefs •MfcrgetMi In tlx mine into wWon ah* hail full™, wherein was depicted in glowing nilount the realisation of a tnaiflon'a eweetest , . ... Bwn-.ird Miiubray entered the room while rfiu whs tlms enjru^rcd, und so absorbed wan hlin tVijit" she whs not aware of Ilia presence. He mood reicitnlinx her with a tender smilo, divining her thought*, and (.ympatbetically rurnUititf the timi) when lie himself indiil/fed in dreunw meli us tlii« dear ehild of his heart wap» dreaming. His love for Valerie« mother and for Gahrielle lmd not failed from hi* memorv, hut had merged itself into love for the one being of bin blood who wus left to him—u lot-o as absorbing as that which the yuuuu jjrirl entertained for Maurice. •'Thus did I onoo dream," ho thought. "May "hebo npurod tlio shadowa which fell upon my life !" Presently he laid his band upon her rfiouldcr, nnd she opened hor eyes mid blushed ; but she did not lay the flowers aside. Ho had come from I)is studio in tie Ruined Tower, where, with Frida for model, he lmd been engnped since breakfast on his new picture of Undine. His first words were of Frida. 141 have given licr an hour b resti be said. " If we overtire our models something is lost I which it itj hard to rdguin. Frida is a trea sure ; hor capacity for expression is extra* ' ordinary. These outwardly placid persons have strong hiddon currents in them which opportunity brings to the surfaoc." 4 4 Then you have done weU this morning P said Valeric, slipping her hand into his as he took his Heat at hor side, •♦Does the artist ever do wellP" here joined. 44 Is ho over satisfied P He dreams of an ideal and paints it iu fairy colours; he inusos, he exults, he stands before his canvas uud commences with fervour. To the world he says, under his breath, 41 will show you a great work,' and to-day, when he examines the labours of yesterday, be doubts, he trembles, he sits in scornful judgment upon his masterpiece, which he finds after all but a buutrlfug pieco of work. Well ior hira that his vain boast was n*>t beard," ** But it is always so with the artist, said (Valerie, kissing bis hand. # " Yep, it is always so with hira. The per formance never realises the dream. Then is ho haunted by mocking ghosts, (hen is he tortured by fears of failure. Down from the heights be topples In his own esteem, and finds himself but common olay. It is the just fate of the pigmy who in a fine frenzy believed himself a giant." , . 4i Maurice says that is^the true wtistio feeling. We are not competent to judge ourselves.*' — "Are we not indeed P" ho said affec tionately. *4 So Maurice bus beon luring you into conversations upon art lor the purpose , of airing His views. It is always what Maurice aavs—Maurice the mviuoibK the infallible, who issues his ultimatum and darea us to question it. Tray, who constituted him the judge? What credentials has be? Iu what school has he learned to correctly gauge tlio artistic sei»*e, the artistic performance? How easy it is to be a critic! Boy* fretfi from school presume to mar or make reputa tions, presume to say»'Well done,* or stroking their beardless nbius suggest improvements in shadow and outline. This is the world a* it is to-day. I was not aware that Maurice was a painter, Valerie." »<No father," said Valerie,44 Maurice is not a painter but " 441 will have no 4 but*.1 Do you. not see that I am ternbly in earnest? Is this great critic a painter P" 44 No, father." ^ * MI thought as muph. What is hep then" 41 He is he is Maurice," Jbe taid, with & smile. 4,Now, where shall I find an argument to meet that lucid description of MauriocP It is unanswerably—eh P . He took the bouquet from her hand. 44 He sent you these flowers —I gee the snake in the grass—bis card—and on it, 4 From Maurice.* U there magic iu these simple words? * From Maurioe!' Ah, well, I must confess, I suppose, I had a lat ter from Maurice this morning, and I won* dered at his reason for writing to me." She looked up shyly, lovingly, smilingly. " Traitor! You knew he had written?" MTes." " He wishes to speakjto me upon a matter which ho declares is vital, valeric, assist me ; we will enter into a conspiracy to defeat him. What ib this vita! matter he wishw to i discuss?" | "Father!" ^ .? "Yes, ohild." ' «• What will you say to Maurice ?" u What would you wish me to say to b!m r I am open to reason, Valerie." She put her arms round his neck, and hid her faoe on his hreaat. " Whioh means that I must receive "mm courteously. I promise that. It is bis due —I acknowledge it. He is a man of honour, of good family, an honest, earnest gentleman. What more can ft father desire wheal fbe happiness of a dear child is at steko t Is that, indeed, so, Valerie ?" , 44 Yea, father.*1 «« You love him ?" *' Devotedly. I would die for hhu, and he for roe.** ** Yet I am bound to consider that he comes to rob mc of a trcasuro more precious to me than life itaelf. What can I do to protect mysulf ? Forbid him the house P S^t npies upon the public road to warn me of his approach P" She smiled, having no rear; it was sweet to listen to this pretence of disapproval, knowing, as she did, that there was no sacrifice he was not ready to make to ensure her happiness. "Thc*c imperious lovers,1* he continued, "after insidiously undermining the strong bold, present themselves as eonqueron. Alexander himself could not be more com manding. So confident are they that tfwy do not oven draw their swords, but rushing upon vou, cry 4 Victory/ and order you to sur render. And we do it. What other course is open to us when the dear traitor in our house has stolen our arms, and opened the gates to the invader P" His assumption of light humour, under which he sought to con ceal his emotion* failed him here, snd he folded Valerie iu his arms. 44 You will not lose me, father. You will gain another child. Maurice has no purenta, Atid he loves and honours you. I should not be your daughter iF I proved ungrateful for all your goodnecs to me. We huvo hidden nothing from you. I think you must have seen *' , _ ... 4'Yes, I bare wro, and I am afraid encouragcd. What does your aunt say of Maurice P" „ 44 She holds him in the highest ©steero. 4« And so do I. I have studied him, and I believe him to be a good man. If I did not I wcu'd not give you to him. Dear cowl, toe haff<fembreocd her tenderly, and left her to meet Mauri™ Godefroy, whom be I...** ing the lawn. 