4ANET m THE DEVIL. Tho Rov. Murdooh Soulla waa long minis tor of tho moorland pariah of Balwoary ill tho Valo of . Dulo. A sovoro, bleak-faccd old man, dreadful to hia hearers, ho dwolt in tho laat years -of hia lifo without relative, or ser vant, or any human cortipany, in tho small and lonely matiao under tho Hanging Shnw. In apite of tho iron- composure of his features, his oyo wag wild, seared, and uncertain: and wlien ho dwojt, in privato admonitions, on tho futiiro nf, tho impohitnnt, itsoomodas if ;-hia oyo piorccd through tho storma of time to tho terrors of eternity. Tho manso itsolfi-'whnro i't stood by tho water of Dnle, among somo thick ? trees, with tho Shaw ovorlianging iton ono sido, and on tho othor many cold, mo ?rland hill-topa rising toward tho slcy, had hej;un at a vory early period of : (b's ministry to .bo avoided in .tho dualc - houra by all who . prided thoraselves upon thoir prnfloncnv nnd'gu.lomon sitting at thcviale- lioiiso shook their hehda together at tho ^hoKfght of passing 'fiito by tiiat dreary neighbourhood.^ There '.was ono spot, to be mori particiilarx which wo^ regarded with es pecial' awe.' Tho manso-et'ood between the high road, and tho water of 'Dulo. The house wait two' stories hlch. with twd'largo rooms on bach. Tt dponad not directly oa the garden, but.on a cuuBe-xyayed path, or passage, giving on the road on one hand, and closed on tho other by tho tall willows and elders that bordered on tho stream. And it waa this strip of causowoy that enjoyol among tho young parishioners of Balweary bo infamous a reputation. The minister walked thoro ofton after dark, sometimes groaning aloud in the intensity of hia unapoken prayers ; and when ho was from homo, and tho manso door was looked, tho inoro daring schoolboys ven tured, with boating hearts, to ' follow my leader' aeroSB that legendary spot. Many, ovon of the pooplo of tho pariah, were ignorant of tho cause of the minister's strange looks and solitary life. Fifty years before, when Mr. Soul is came first into Bal weary.ho was stilt a young man,- full of book learning and grand at expounding it, but, as wiis natural in'so'.-.young a man, with no ex perience as a pastor. Tho youngor sort wero greatly taken with his gifts and his talk; bnt old, concorned, serious men and nnd womon wore moved even to prayer for the young man wh'otii thby took to be a solf-decoiver , and tho pariah that waS liko .to bp so ill suppliod. There was no doubt, anyway, bnt that Mr. Soulis liad been a long time nt col lego. He was carefijl and-'troubled for many things beside the one thing needful. He had a groat number of . books with hiln— more than had ovor been scon beforo in all that prosbytery; and hard work the carrier had with them, for they were all like to have stopped bohind-in the Deil's Hag, between Balneary and Kilmarkerlio. He desired to get an old, decent woman to keep the manae for him, and seo to his dinners; and ho was recommended to an old crone— Janet M'Clour. they called hor. There were many advised hini to the contrary, for Janet was more than suspected by the boat folk in Bal weary. Long before that 'alio had had a child to-- a diagoon; shol hall not come to com munion for maybe thirty years; and boys had seen her '.mumbling to herself up on Key'sdjoan in' the; gloaming, which was an unusual time -and-plnco for d God-fearing woman. However; it? 'was.iho laird himself that had first told the minister of Janet; aud ' in those days ho would havo gone a great way to please the laird. When folks told him that Janet was; sold to tho devil, it was all superstition, he Baid.; Whort it got about the village that Jartet.M'eiour 'Sas. to )-e servant ?' at the manse, the folks were fairli£mad with both him and hor; and some of the women had nothing better to do than get round hor door-step aui charge her with all that was known against her, fronf the soldier's child to John.Tamaon's two. eowsi Up; sho got, and thero was not anvold; atoty.in Balweary but ahe made somebody smsrt 'foc it that day; . they couldn't say due thing,, hut she could aay two . to it, till,J at' last;, tho gudewives caught hold of her and clawed the clothes' off her back, and pulled her down the rOad; to tbe water of tho' Dulo, to 'see if ahe wore a witch, and would sinkorawim. The hag ahrieked till you Could hear her at the Hang ing Shaw, and she fought hard. Tliero was many a gudpwife. bore' tho mark of her next day and many, a long'day after; and just in t he hottest of the hubbub, who ahould coine up but the new minister. ' ' Women,', '. said Jio (and he had a grand voice), ' I charge you in the Lord's namo to let her go.' ' . ' ?; Janet ran to him;— she was fairly wild with terror— and . cliipg,; to him, and prayed him, for Christ's Bake, ..to save hor from her tor mentors j'an'd'thoy, for .their part/ told him all that waa known; and maybe moro/ .'''.Wonianj!' Bnya .ho- tft .Janet,- ' ia thi8 true?' .. . '_ ??? '? 1 - .' ? ;.? -' ' Aa the Lord Bee3.'me,'-? says sho, ?' as the : Lord. made. me. not aiword of it. Saving- tho ?child,' says ahe, ' I've been a decent woman all my days.' ;? ^ .: -? .- -7 ' Will you,''. Bays. Mr. Soulis, ' in the namo of God,- and- before nlo,f his unworthy .minister, renounce the devil'nnd .his work's ?' Well.it would iippoar that when ho asked that, she gavo a groan that fairly frightened those who. Baw h-jr, and they could hear her tpetli grind together iii her jaws ; ' but' there was nothing for^it.but tho ono way or tho other ; and Janet lifted up her hand, and re nounced tho dovjl beforo them all. . ? ? ' ' And now,' foid Mr.- Soulis- to tho good women, homo with you, one and all, and pray to God fbr-his forgiveness.' And ho gave Janet his arm, though she had littlo on her but; a shift,' and took her up the .road to; her.owa door like a lady of the land ; and her acr'ecchfijg and laughing .was a acan-; dalto be lieafd. ' - There were many solemn-faced people long over their. prayers that night j but when the morning camo there was such fear fell upon all? Balwijtiry Uiut the , children -:hid itliem selves, ^and oven the' men,. folk; stood and poop^d-'from their doois.^- ---For there ' was. Janet -. coming down iv tne :roiid— ahe 'vor. -hfir -likiness, flono could te'll —.With hor neck 'disjointed, and he^heuld^ 'on'bnd aide like a' ;-body th£t hodr.boe^ Ktbtfeg, and ra lookroni' 'htr^ae'e like an ?jlinSjiriidscpr^SK By- and., by Jthey ^gdt ,jispd;to it,la%d^ven.lookecl'at her to-aeo whaj; was wrbrigj.butifnjm that day , forth Bhp could nptapeak liko a.Chris tian wofiian, -'but atuttered .apd stammered, and tho name-bf God never 'datne'o'n her hps. Sometimes sho tried to say it, but it might not be. ;Thote that kqew her best said leaat; but;thoy:nover gave that':;Thihg the name of Jub'ct M'Clo-ir, for old Janet they' thought, .was in the deepest hell by this time. But tho minister ial* neither to hold nor. to bind; he preacheii about nothing but tho cruelty of the people; , that liad ; gW, en hor a stroke of the palsy ; lie punished the - children tliat tor mented, her, and ho hod Her up. to the manae thatiame'iiight, aind dwelt there all alone with hor uadir the Hanging Shaw„ About tlje.jbnd of Juno thoro oamo a spell of weather,-, tho ;Hko ;cf which was'never known before; it was close, and hot, and brcathlcBaj and yet it was .gusty, too, with ? gusts of - wind that whistled! through the ' glene, andi bits' of showers that moistonod. nothing. -.' Mr. Soulis could neither oat nor : Bleep, and jjviienvho waa. not writing at his; weary' book-' he would be. rpaming over the country-Bidi ; likd a man. ? posseased, when'. evorybody.qlsQ/ was glad to keep oool within th0'h0UB?/ i ?; - ' '? '; . Above; the Hanging Shaw, In tho bond of thPvJ31ack- Hill, thoro ia a bit of inclosed gr^iind with 'an iron gato, at one time tho churcbytted' of Balweary, and oonBecrnted by tho 'papists before'' tho blossod '.light shono upon tho kingdom. It was a great; roaort. of Mr. Soulis's; tlioro I10 would 'sit and con-, aider hia sorinona, Woll, as ho camo ovor , the west end of Black Hill ono day, ho saw first two, then four, nnd thou sovon black : crowa flying around and nround abovo the ? old churchyard. Thoy flow low and heavy, and squawkod to ono another. Ho was not easily Btartled, and wont atrai|{ht up to the walls; and what did I10 seo but a man, sit ting in tho inside upon a Rravo. Ho was of groat stature, and black as hell, aud his oyes wore singular to see. Mr. Soulis had heard of blnek mon many timcB; but there . was something forbidding about this black man that caused him to start. But up ; ho spoko, for.all of that, and Baid: ' My friond aro you n atrangor in this placo ?' The black man answered not a word; ho . got upon his foot, and began to walk to tho wall on tho far sido; but ho still looked at tho ininistor, nnd tho minister atood aud loolcod baukj till suddenly tho black man was ovor tio wall. nnd running for tho shade of tho trees. Mr. Soulis, I10 hardly know why, ran aftor liim, but. he was wearied with his walk, and tho hot, unwholcsoino weather ;- and run as ho would ho got no moro than » glimpse of the black man among tho trees, till I10 got down to tho foot of the hillsido, and thoro. ho saw him once moro, going hop-stop-and-jump' over Dulo wiitor to tho manse. Mr. Soulia was not pleased that this ill-, looking creaturo should mako so frco with Balweary manso, and ho rnn tho harder, but no black man was thoro to bo soon. Ho stopped out upon tho road, but there was nor body there ; ho wont all ovor tho garden, but saw no black man. At last, and it is feared a little timidly, as was but natural, ho lifted the hasp and wont into the manso,' and there was Janot M'Ulour boforo his oyes, with hor broken neck, and none too pleased to see him. . An-i ho thon remembored thnt when first he set his oyes upon her he felt tho samo cold and deadly sliivor. ' Janot,' said ho, ' have you seen a black man ?' ' A black man !' quoth she. ' Save us all I You are not in your right mind, minis ter. Thore is no black man in all Bal weary.' But sho did , not speak , plain, you must undorstniid, but. champed liko a pony with the bit in its mouth. ' Woll, Janot,' said he, ' if thoro is no black man, I liavo Bpokoa with tho Evil Ono.' ' And ho sat down liko one with a fever; and his teeth chattered in his head. ' Pshaw !' saidr s,h6j .' think shame, to yoursolf, minister! And ahe gavo biin somo brandy, whioh she always kept by her. Soon Mr. Soulis went into his study among his books. Down ho sat, and thought of all that had'eomo and gone since he waa in Bal weary. The more lie thought, the more he thought of tho black man. He tried to pray, but the words would notcome to him; and ho. tried, they aay, to write at his book, but he could. not do anything at that. There were times that he thought the blaok man was at his sido, and the perspiration stood on him cold as well water; and there were other times when ho came to himself like a Christian child and minded nothing. The upshot was that he went to tho window, and atood look ing over Dulo water. Tho troea aro rather thick, and tho water lioa deep 'and blaok under the manae ; and there was Janet wash ing the ? clothes, with her skirts gathered about hor waist. She had her back to tho minister, and ho, for his part, hardly k now what he was looking at. Suddenly she turned around and showed her face. Mr. Soulis felt the samo cold shiver 03 twice before on' that day, and it reminded him of what people said, that Janet had died long since, and thia was a demon in her clay-cold flesh. He drew back a littlo and acannod her narrowly. Sho was washing the clothes, singing to herself ; and. bh, God guide us, bnt it waa a frightful face ! Than sho sang louder, but there waa ' no man born of woman that could tell' tho wordB of her song. And at times she looked side-long down, but there was nothing there for bar to look at. There went a shudder through tho flesh upop his bones, and- that wos'heavon'a warning- But Mr. Soulia just blamed himself, he Baid, to think so ill of a poor, old, alllicted creature who ; had not a friond but himsolf. And he offered up a -prayer for himsolf and hor, and drank a littlo wato?— for. hia heart roao again8t the moat — and wont' itp.to his bed in Ae gloaminir. ? ; That- was a night that has never been for gotten in Balwoary, the night of -the seven teenth of August, 1712. It had been hot before, as I have said, but that night it was hottor than ever. The sun went down among uncouth-looking clouda not a star nor. a breath of wind. You could not see your hand boforo your face, and even the old folk cast the covers from their bedB and lay panting for their breath. With all that he. had upon his mind, Mr. Soulia was 'troubled; the good, cool_ bod that he got into scorched his very bonea; ho slept and wak lened; ho heard tho time of night, and a dog i howling' up the moor, as if somebody was . dead; ho t nought he heard devils shouting in his ears, and saw ghosts in the room. -.Ho must, ' ho thought, bo sick, and sick he wa3— little he understood the, sickneaa. At laat his mind gdt cloarer, and ho sat up On tho' bedside, and fell to. thinking once more of tho black man and Janet: He could not well tell how— maybe it waa the cold to . his feet — but it camo in upon him.. like a flash, that there was some connection be tween the two, and that either -or both of' them were demons. And juat at' that moment -in Janet'B room, whioh was next to his, there came a souffle of foot, as if men were wrestl ing, and then a loud bang; thon a wind wont rustling around tho four quarters of the' house, and then all was once more as silent as tho grave. .. . Mr. Soulia waa afraid of neither man nor devil. Ho got his tinder-box and lit a candle, and made three steps towards Janet'B door. It waa standing ajar, and ho pushed it open,, and walked boldy in. . It waB a big room, as big aa tho minister's, and filled with grand, old, aolid furniture, for ho bad nothing elsej Thore was a four-post bed with old tapestry, nnd a broad cabinet of oak, put there to be out of tho wavj and a -few clothes of Janet's lying horo and there abodt the floor.' But no Janet could Mr.' Soulis see, nor any sign' of contention. ? In, ho wont (and-thoro's -few that would have followed him)', and looked around and listened. But thoro was nothing to bo hoard, neither inside - tho manse nor in all Balweary pariah, and nothing to be seen but the littlo shadows turning round tho enndio. And then all at once the minister's heart fluttered and; -stood stock- still, and a cold wind, blpw among tho hairs of . his head. What a weary sight was that for the poor . mnn'B eye! For. there was jqeet, hanging from a nail beside; the old oak cabinet; her head lay on ; her shoulder, her eyos were bloody, the tongas projected from her mouth, and her heels wore three feet clear abovo the' floor. , , ' God forgivo us all!' thought Mr. Soulia; ' poor Janet'B dead.' ' He caino'a atop nearer , to tha corpse, and then- his heart fairly leaped in his breast For,' by what magitf it would, ill-boaeem a man to judge, she was hanging from a single nail; and by a single worated thread for darning hoae. ' Jt'ia.an awful thing to . bo alono at night with, Buch . a;, prodigy of darknons, but Mr. Soulis was strong in tho Lord. i He -turned | and; wont his - way. out of that room, and locked the'door behind him, and; wont, 'stop by;at6p-d6wii the, Btaire;. heavy as'iead, and sot down - the ' candlo ;0n: tho table at, the : stair-fodt..; .'He could not pray; lieVould hot ' think; ho waB dripping with, cold Hwcaty and ' nothing could- ho hear! but tho'thumpin; 6f-. his own heart. He may have stood tlurj an ? hour, or maybe two, Jie minded' 'so. little,, -when all of a-, sudden '.he' hoard a low, un uuual rustlo up Btaira,,'arid a'.'fbot-wcnt to and fro in. the chamber where tho cofpse.waa hanging. Next tbd door was opened— though lie had niincjed well' that- he had locked it— and thon'there Was a step upon' the landing, and it seemed ' to him an if tho corpse was iooking ovor- the : rail and down upon him where ho stood. , Ho took up- the candlo again, and, as' I quickly aa' he cppld,' went Btraight out of tho mansq and to the far end of the cause way, It waa still pltch.dqrk; the'flume of itho candlo, when ho sot it. bir the ground, burned. Bteady and clear as in arqomjqothlng. moved but the Dulo water, scopiryj at)d sob-,, bing down the glon, tond tho unholy footstep' that came toiling down the staicjf inside :tho\ ;manBo. 'Ho know tho footstep well, for it was Janet's; and at oaoh etop, whioh oamo a little nearer, tho cold got deoper.i'n his'.vltals. Ho commendod hia souTto 'Him that mado and kept him ; ' and, ; oh, Lord,' said ho, give mo atrongth this night to.-'War ogoinat tho poworsof evil.' By this timo tho foot was coming through nwvuuro for the dbor. He could hear' a hand fooling alorig tho wall, as if tho fear ful thing waa fcoling itt- way. Tho branches toBSed and moaned togother; a long an;h camo ovor tho hills;' the flamo of tho cantlle was blown about ; and thoro atood 'tho corpao of Tlirawn Janot, with her gingham gown nnd hor black shawl, with tho Iwitil Btill upon tho shoulder, and tho frown still upoiitho face of it— living, you would liiive aaid; dead, .as Mr. Soulia woll know—upon tho threshold of tho mnnso. -. Sho did not stand thoro long. Sho lip^rvp to move again, and camo slowly toward Mr. SouliB whoio ho Btood under tho tucoa. All tho lifo of hia body and tho atrongth of liia 'apirit woro starting from hia oyos'. It Boomed; Bno waa goiug to apoak, but wanted words, nnd mado a aign with tho left hand. Thoro camo a gust of wind, liko, a cat's-paw; out wnnt tho candlo, tho trog topa moaned liko human beings; and Mr.. Soulia know that, livo or die,' ' thia was tho ? nnd of it. .' 'Witch, boldamo, dovUI'' Ko cricd. 'irl. chargo yop by tho power of God, bogpno ! 'If' you bo dead, to tho gravo; if yoii bo , damned, to hell.' And at that'momont tho Lord's own hand;' but of the hoavons, struck tho horror whwa« it stood, . Tho old, dead, desecrntcd corpse of' tho wilch-wife-, so lohg kept from tho gravj^ nnd hustled aroUnd by devils, flaahod up like. flaming brimstone, and foil in aahes to thcu ground. Tho thundor camo, poal on peal, followod by the pouring rain, and Mr. Souj[iB leaped through the* garden liedgo and raC^f with leap upon leap, for tho village. ?' That same morning John Christie saw the blaok man pass tho Mucklo Cairn as it was striking six. Before oight he went by tho inn ut Knookdown; and not long aftor Sandy? MoLollan Baw him go slinking down tho roid from Kilmkcrlio. There's little doubt but it was him that dwelled so long in Janot's body. But ho was-oaught at Inst. and since then tho devil has never troubled Balweary. ' But it was a sore diBponsation for tho miniBtor. Long, long ho lay Vavlng in his bod, and from ' that' hour to tins ho waa a ohanged man.—' The Argonaut.' 