'ANSWERS TO CORRESPON DENTS.' llv Skv L.ikkk. 72\. — CJIa-I you' co pleased with] tliu baby's sockfl 1 forwarded toyou. I have lottern liko yours ovory day thniking mo for buying hair pins, BtBy- laceo, luuSy powder*, Ac. If you wouldn't mind Hewing a model of llio baby'H foot down by parccis poHt ncxL time I'll got the Books undo to order. 65)69.— I Bliould ad vine you without any further delay to j.ct your number copyrighted, bocRiuo somebod/ oIho wants to claim it an Ih'h own brilliant idta. It's a moiiHtrouH Iliing in a freo country ;hat a man can't call hiiinclf a number wilhnib having it Holen from him. SomotiincH I pet rather mixed up myHclf over inoso miniDcii, You'll notice tbiil. Hometimes I Hiiy tho lumbers nro adopted by I ho men who wrilo to mo, and sometimes I flay they're given to bin: in this ollico. At oilier timofl 1 Bay that yoi, Hhould tako a different number every time, and here I'm advihiug you to get your minibir copyrighted. I'm getting fairly mixed up, and 1 think you'd better send a photograph infitend of a number after all. 2!) 1.— Thanks for the cutting. My wicked enemies sometimes any that I don't tell the truth often enough, so I'm going to publish thatculling about tho (Jna us/uud Sausufjorrap. I quite agree with you that it iniiHt bo n won derful concern, judging by the testimonial you send mo, which reads :—' Although I get tlio (Queensland Snusnijuii'mp for nothing (In ing a butcher), I would not miss it for twice thai. much or more.' That nvin has a pretly good idoa of tho value of thing', but ho'n very modest, or he'd till us how many pounds of sausages ho can wrap in u page. Jt'.i quite on the cards that I'll be a subscriber to that paper myself someday, because the price suits me down to the ground. 1!).— Oil, yes ; I was at the little evening pai ty tteiuichamp gave the other night, and 1 enj'iyed myself very much, thank you. I gave young 15cauchainp koiho hints on how to carry out his duties, and he's under a great obliga tion to mo now. I can't quito understand, though, why he locks up all his valuables when ever ho sees mo knocking around. 77\. — I think I said before that the 20 per cont. dividend declared on sharo.H in this column will not be payable till Juno 30th, lflOl, fit noon. Whether it will ho payable thon or no is a mutter which rests between you and tho bank, It's a great honor I'm conferring on you in letting you have a tharo at all, so you shouldn't grumblo. 121 1.— Yes, T agree with you that men and woman have some very hard tasks set them in this world, but most of them are fools in trying to buy u pair of goloshes in Sydney on a wet day. 213\. — Your ton years' subscription w.is all right, and your remarks about this column much appreciated. As to rival jars, I don't hoed them. I don't get tho paper you refer to, and I only soo it when a copy happens to be lying round and nobody's watching mo devour it. I don't answer I ho 'Cuckoo,' because he'd only pull my leg all tho more. When he first started his ' Answers ' I got, my hair oil' aiul shrieked because his cap fitted me, and tho liush hasn't done laughing at mo yet, That's why I'm so *sad and sentimental and proBy and generally miserable ami unhappy. 11J. — You say you'vo been swindled, and you want, your money baolt. J'vo represented your and case to tho adverliecr, and ho pays beforo ho gavo you tho money back ho'd see you in ? well, 'tho place whero there ain't no. winter.' If you oould mako nn appoint ment wit Ji him thoro, I've no doubt a vovy satisfactory arrangement could bo arrived at. Thnnks for your goodjwishos. K.I.D. — The baby-fanning market is vory activo ut present, and you cannot do bitter than roalifo without delay on any dtock you have on hand. At lust week's markob thoro was a strong demaud, mul tho supply boing well within requirements, competition was brisk and high prices ruled throughout for ail descriptions, tho market being tho best for some considerable timo. Future prospects aro vory favorable, especially for prime heavy lots. 1900.— Yes, my friend, there's n big (lifter onoo between an anthem and a song. Mebbo tho elillbroiico isn't apparent in the words, bin it's very elilTorenb in llio way they're Rung. A song vory often is supposed to bo comic and ? isn't, and an anthem which ia supposed to bo vory solemn ia often nmurkably c'oniio. Sup pose, for instanoo, you wan tod to sing tho son* 'Daddy won't buy mo a bow wow,' you'd just sing tho3o words and nothing also, but if you wanted to mako it into an anthem you'd carry on like this: 'Daddy won't, won't, won't— diuldy won't— daddy won't, won't— daddy, daddy, won't, won'fc-daddy won't, buy— won't buy— won't buy, buy, buy— daddy won't huy me a— daddy won't buy me a — daddy, daddy, won't, won't, buy, buy, me, me— daddy won't buy me a bow wow — daddy won't buy me a bow wow, bow wow.' 2!-. --Man, 'you're right. Send along your subscription, and I'll barrack for you, as well as [for every other Man on tho Land. Tho wretched rag you refer to has given mo away most completely, and, therefore, I want your sympathy, aUo uhillingH. Even if I do got free board and lodging at show timo, it's nothing to do with the other fellow. He's jealous. Ho hasn't the ghost of a show against mu at telling funny stories, and, moreover, he'd so outrageously proud that he will not conde scend to accept tho hosjiitulily of the Men on the Laud, which you know that 1 do, oven without being asked. You fellows in tho bush get the best of tho bargain after all. You pay ex's; I give a quid pro i/uo by tolling you all ilmut myself. See '.' M' yes. 'J.'ij. — I'vo givon you a new number on ac count of the hundreds of addiliunal corre spondents that write to mo ever}* day. I havo applied to the Postmaster-General for an hourly delivery of letters, but he is too uppish to let mo have it, so 1 shnn't barrack for him. I am sorry you cannot give mo a shakedown at ehow time, because I relied upon your hospitality. C.in't you sond tho kids away to Jones's for a day or two, and let mo have their cot ? If not, try and fix things for me at Jones's. The Men on tho Land should encourage mo to visit them when their fehowH aro being held. Tho money ia well spent on Me. Matrimony.— Owing to preasuro on my space, no matrimonial advertisements have been appearing of lato, and all enquiries and intro ductions have been carried out by letter. Tho number of happy unions eUeoleel has caused the business to incrcaso to alarming propor tions, and in order to prevent dilny I havo decided to insert another batch of advertise ments, which will bo found below. In every case replies must, in tho first instance, ho sent to mo, and all charges must bo repiid. It is also a stringent rule with mo that no returns will, on any account, bo allowed for. Cimnk.sk CIbnti.kman, of considerable means, would liko to meet accomplished y- ting lady, view to matrimony. Apply Chin Kee, this ollico. Youxis Lady, vory (harming, accomplished, atylish, refined, graceful, etc., etc., but of a bashful . disposition, would liko to marry millionaire. Color no object. Apply Modesty, this oirice. ? Gkstusman of leisuro desires the acquaint ance of lady 'possessing largo moaup, viow to mattor-o'-mouoy. Ago no object. Elderly 'consumptive subject preforrod. Oayboy, this oflice, Batohki.oh desires to meet young lady, view to matrimony. Must bo a good cook, and able to iron sliirta woll. No widows need apply. Crusty, this oflioe. Batimam) retiring from business, considerable means, liko to meet elderly gent,, \iow to above. Editor of a religious papor priferrod. FIobhjo, this ollico. A YouNfi Widow (certainly undor 30), with seven children, possessing ton f- hires in tho Answers to Correspondents Company, Limited, desires to'mnlco tho acquaintance of a Man on tho Land. Open one wook. Lottors, which' will bo treated as Btriotly confidential, should bo addressed to Mr. Sky Larko, managing director. A TUoiiKum, 75 years of ngo (orphan), having, after maturo eloliberalion, come to tho conclusion that marriage) bhould uot bo. a failure, has decided to try tho experiment, and, with that object in viow, is open to roceivo ?odors from suitable young ladies. Qualifica tions : 'Not over 20, good tooth, lovely com ploxiou, long eyelashes, small hands and feet, boautiful 'figure, and amiable di position. Must dovoto her whole timo to looking after advor tieor's comfort. As ad voi User Uub only £10,000 a year, tho lady muBt poetess a similar amount. Apply, undor sciil, to Gonuine, caro of Sky Larke, this ollico. Spcriul Xolicii to Sharrh'ililf.n in Aii-uctn to Correspondent* Company, Limited. — \\\\\mi\nm is booming. Commissions and fees arc pouring in, and I advise you not to swamp tho market by offering your sharen for sale. At all ovonts, it will bo quite time fur you to sell when I havo unloaded. Leave tl.o whole butiucsa to me. — Sky Larkk. 