ADELAIDE: MONDAY. NOVEMBER 5, 1900. McKIXLET OR BRYAN? Every fourth year, on the Tuesday succeeding the first Monday tn Novem ber, the electors of tbe United States exercise what an ex-member for En counter Bay called -the supreme othority of a sovereign people.' *he great event which in ex ?ectation as well as reality lways agitates the feelings of an ex itablc nation will therefore be decided o-morrow; and tbe American people rill be as anxious to know the final re ult of the day's doings as will be the evotees of tbe turf in Melbourne, [here is some appositeness in mention ng the two events together. The bet ing, which at every presidential lectton involves large sums of ooney, has been recorded in the latest rtter of our New York correspondent is varying between 2 to 1 and 2§ to 1 m McKinley, the present occupant of he White House. During tbe last reek or two before the day of polling, aost of the party leaders feel that the lie has been cast, and that few of the ?lectors can be induced to change their ninds by any exercise of high-pitched loquence or deep-laid scheming and (lotting. Probably almost every voter las made up his mind, and no material change has been apparent in the party ?nances since our correspondent wrote, me Americans pride themselves on heir habit of never doing things by lalves. Their presidential elections are irranged on a scale 'eminently calcu ated to lick creation.' Leaflets are scattered broadcast by hundreds of nillions, and enormous sums are ei wnded in maintaining armies, of can vassers and leather-luuged orators, who itnmp the country from end to end, louring forth the frothy kind of elo lucnce characteristic of presidential simpaigning. The oratorical efforts indertaken by silver-tongued Bryan, irho must win by talk if be is to win it all, have been prodigious; but with ill his industry and in spite of his fine institution, be was unable to address meetings in all the places in which his party managers declared that the sound of his voice was absolutely es sential to avert disaster. Yankee elec tioneering agents an* uothint' if not re sourceful; and this dilemma was over come by the device ot sending round :i shonting phonograph, into which Mr. Bryan had spoken to the extent of twenty records, occupying an hour iu delivery- This machine has reeled off its message to several thousands of people at a time* and Bryan's melliflu ous periods -have been poured forth from the phonographic trumpet to the accompaniment of deafening applause, duly provided for by the man who works the apparatus! This election is Bryan's last chance. Even his own party admit this; and they have goaded him into making as sertions which, in the event of failure, will leave .him discredited. Not much weight may; perhaps be attached to President McKinley's complaint, utter ed on the last day of October, to the effect that his opponent was relying upon the stirring up of bitter class hatred, but for tbe fact that even G ro ver Cleveland, the last democratic pre sident, has been oonstraiucd to adopt the same attitude and to make speeches distinctly against Bryan's candidature. The course which the de mocratic candidate was shaping at the end of September has been plainly in dicated by our New York correspon dent. Bryan's protest against what he calls imperialism and militarism — otherwise American control in the Philippines— failed miserably to arouse enthusiasm. The people know that the United States cannot deliberately leave tbe islands to the chaos of barbarism after having destroyed the Spanish control, and they would indignantly re pudiate any proposal for handing the Philippines back to tbe Spaniards, or jiving them as a free gift to any other nation. Some other reason for the bit ter denunciations of American military policy must therefore be found; and Bryan and his party bosses profess to have discovered several weeks ago that the United States army consisted of 100,000 armed men hired for the ex press purpose of preventing the down trodden people of America from com plaining. These men are denounced us worse than an idle set, as their only trade is that of killing! The present president is only a ''hired man.' This phrase was invented in the last cam paign, and used with much effect; but on its being dragged out again for em ployment tbb year, it required some explanation. Accordingly Bryan has defined his meaning by saying that Mc Kinley is hired for a large salary to perform the duties of White Hous3; but he adds that his particular com plaint is that the president has not done what he was intended to do. He is like a hired mau on a farm who, on being told to put hi oats, has sown wheat. This is the kind of silly talk —mere rbodomontade fit only for a gut ter orator— to which the leader of a great party has been reduced hi the effort to catch votes. To prevent a phrase suggestive of the charge of bri bery, and then to explain that all that is meant is that the official complained of is bribed by the payment of his salary according to the law of the land, is a contemptible device which might be expected from only a low specimen of yellow journalism. Mr. Bryan has ap parently already come to the position assumed by the English politician of whom the epigrammatist said— When he resolved to win his seat He literally lost his standing. Contrasting their party situation as it now is with what it might have been had their choice of a candidate been different tbe more sensible democrats may well curse the folly of tbe momen tary impulse which induced the con vention of 1S06, In a moment of 'sll- verite' frenzy, to nominate Bryan for the presidency; and their regrets will be aggravated by the reflection that tbe first mistake brought no accession of wisdom. The success and the fai lure of Bryan are now equally dreaded by almost every thoughtful democrat If such a man took office at the White House, weighted with his pledges to introduce the sixteen to one standard —thus permitting the payment of debts at fifty per cent discount— and to prac tically abolish the federal army, so that strikers in each State might exercise to the full their peculiarly demonstra tive 'rights of complaining,' the pros perity of the count ly .would obviously receive such a sudden check as to para lyse industry and bring to dire poverty hundreds of thousands of hardworking people. On the other hand, tbe remark able activity of trade and manufacture during the last three or four years so diametrically falsities all the dire pro phecies uttered by Bryan in 1S96, in order to enforce bimetallism, that even zealous democrats can hardly listen without a smile to an allusion to this aspect of the campaign. It is only by comforting themselves with the assur ance that their caudidatc could not for very shame redeem his electoral pledges if chosen that the wiser class of democrats can bring themselves to vote for him at all. Thus ex-Secretary Olney— Cleveland's right band man in the democratic administration— and ex-senator uiu, are forced to spend their energies in explaining away the utterances of their chief. They know that they have a just cause of indig nation and complaint in the protec tionist policy of the republican party, which has fostered huge trusts and other forms of monopoly, and enabled millionaires to fatten on tbo profits wrung from the working people. With the plain issue of free trade versus pro tection they 'could have gone to the country, and have had a good chance of electing their man; but the 'cranky sections' have made their party impos sible. Tbe 'silverite moonshine' and the pusillanimous 'little America*1 whine have discredited the democratic cause. Unfortunately, these allies of the freetraders in the United States are really enemies in disguise. They make a noise quite disproportionate to their real voting power, and thus they roay influence nominations when they cannot fulfil their pledges at tbe pol ling booths. Better would it be if they imitated the example of the little par ties or 'bolters,' who in the present campaign have eight candidates in the field, with not -thc ghost of a chance bs tween the lot of them. The prohibi tionists, for instance, have put up a man merely for the purpose of exhibit ing their voting strength for tbe edifi cation of Congress candidates later on; and they hope to poll nearly a million votes. Shortly after the college of th- electors— whose members are merely dummies, each pledged to vote the party ticket without modification— shall have been completed by the voting on Tues day, the momentous issue of the elec tion will be made known to the world; meanwhile the result is being awaited in all civilized countries with an inte rest more or less intense. 