Tiur went to a new world, where only T»izp:ih*s? presence' reminded Mark of Faw cett. In the Alps health cainc back, and power to escape from the oppicssiuii of his thoughts. Sky and snow aud mountain peak built up a screen between himself aud memory. Love diverted his morbid thoughts, and as the weeks passed he became again the •Mark that the girl Hizpnh had known. His eyes hashed with the old brightness, liis MiiiJe was ready to meet Lei's, his feet kept pace with hex*, springing tread. They lived as though the shadow of Fawcelt had never j .been thrown across their lives, Bizpab was | radiant in the love thai had found its earth*, flr close, and had cast out the demon that j had possessed Murk. Life burgeoned with gladness. When winter came, and her happiness blossomed through dull days weighted with cold, Mark wondered at her. Nothing 'clouded her gaiety; her laugh echoed ibrough 'the gloomiest day. It bore her like a Hashing tide over the rocks that fttrcwvd their lives, it covered the waste places of the past. Fawcett might never have existed so far as she was concerned. At last all this gladness overleaped itself, «md, crashing down, shattered Mark's peace, lie measured Bizpah's love for him by her forgetfulness of Fawcelt, and be told him self that a woman who could so easily for get must be heartless. The gloom thuT had difted swept around him again, a wintry "fog obscuring his vision. He could not see his old love, and he tried lo find her again in new scenes. They went from place to place, wliipped V»n by ihe fash of his restlessness. Florence, Venice, Munich offered no delight that could hold him, and liizpali, following hreathles>. saw liiC evil spirit again in pos . session. She hid her trouble that Mark might be pleaded? bat her cheerfulness was like the barking of the dogs that hounded him* on. »If she had been subdued and saddened she .would have suited his mood, and might have "comforted him by sharing the burden he car •ried. He said to himself bitterly it was 'nothing lo her that his days were dark ened; she found her happiness still. He had thought her deep-nalurcd; but now he lold himself only a shallow nature could bmy memory under the flowers of life. And :n!I the time the woman was hiding her ;tragedy under the guise of comedy. lie could not forget Fawcelt in wonder r1hat FaweeU's wile had so soon forgotten. . Her presence was a reminder fipm which lie could not escape. Soon he began tp dread the sight of her. [ Eizpah's heart «ank as she noticed his fur 'live, abashed looks. He could not meet her 'glance, and his avoidance gave a shifty un Werlaicty to his eyes, which her fears read all too clearly. She pat her terror aside, a hat she might lure hitn from the threaten ing danger; but her arts and beguilcmeuts only aggravated lus restlessness. They spent the winter in flight from city to city, Mark pursued by memory and grow ing distrust of Bizpab, she flying from the tenors that every day gained upon her. Since their marriage he had not touched a brush, and Ilizpali had been glad to take him away from his work. But now k!ic saw that idleness was not good fox him. .The ceaseless moving kept life in a fer ment ; there was no rest for mind or body. •' Let us go home," she coaxed. " I long to see London again. I am tired of being | u bird of passage." She leaned her anu on his knee, and her Headed with her voice. Bat Mark ryes iH.i -woul«F not see :hc tender face lifted to his. Her words angered him. Here was lie, striving to get away from the scene of his crime, and the woman he had taken to be with him tempted him back into its shadow. ;She had no heart. She pined for the life whose threshold was stained by her hus band's blood. He remembered that she had been glad to know that Fawcett was dead. Her touch tainted him with her infamy. •He shook-off her arm, and jerked himself .zip from his chair. The studio at home offered a refuge from Kizpah's disturbing presence. The ghosts that met him there would bo less horrible thau the smiies of 'ihe woman who loved her husband's nror iderer. , *' Yes, ?f*fc us go home," lie said eagerly. "I have idled too long. It is time I began my work." . Her eves sparkled at the quick accents, the gesture of decision. He only needed Lis work to rouse him, she told herself. Ho had missed its interest and grown mor bid. Men were not like women; love did riot satisfy them. Hope soared in her heart. ,.W«rk would give back the Mark of the honcyfhooa. She would find her lover again. She clapped her li;md& with a gay ] little laugh j ."We will go liomc to-morrow, Mark. I can't imagine liow 1 could he liappy so long away from England. And you will begin your work at once. Ah!! you must paint that great picluro again. I shall not be satisfied till my husband is famous. 1 have married a genius, and I want the world to know it." He Laughed, and there was a bitter note in his laughter. "So you married me for ambition?. This explains it, then; why you risked the dan ger—practically put your head into ihe same ncosc as mine." He stopped incoherently. The light faded from Ilizpahs face. At his strange words fear set its fangs in her heart; but the love remained in her eves, and she smiled bravely. " My dear, I am a very ambitious woman. I want to be remembered as the wife of a great painter." Mark turned his face from her, ar.Tl looked through the window at the flaming crimson bars of the sunset. He could not meet Riz pah'a smile. * 