tii t mm mm mm. (BS E. ^HILLIiPS OPPENHEIM.) jfcrthor -ot ??fctystferibttft for. iabln,' jA|a Man ^ taives,' 'A daughter of the Marionls,' etc.) - BOOK lit. (CHAPTER V.— THE PROBLEM JOF TWO LIVES.1 Most men of robust, Tirile. development, and healthy turn of mind* have some definite object in life which holds a distinct and pro minent place in the shaping of their destin ies. And most men, having attained it, find it a Very different thing -in their grasp +n its semblance when it lurked like a vague shadow upon the perspective of their fancy. Bryan had won what years ago had seemed like a wild and impossible dream to him. Tlie woman who had appeared to him as the creature of another world— an altogether su perior order of- being— was -his. She had piomised to marry liim. She had even ad mitted that, in a way*. she cared for him, that in his presence she felt for the first time a distinct preference for one of his sex. 1 The news was announced with all the eclat ?which society journals and society gossip could give it, and on. all hands Bryan was wai'nily congratulated. For several days lie could not show himself at either of his clubS without being made the martyr of the same little stereotyped speech, to which he liad always to reply in the same manner.' One of the- first to allude to it, although his acquaintance with him was of tlie slightest, was -Sir George : Gonyers. ? . .; - r 'I suppose Weymouth-street will have to go?' remarked the baronet, with a knowing little laugh, as the two men stood together for a minute or two. . 'i-oor unie jyiyra: you're a devilishly* lucfey fellow, Bryan!' Bryan drew himself up, and looked at his questioner coldly. 'I am afraid I do not quite understand you,' he Said. Sir George laughed. It was not a par ticularly pleasant laugh. 'Oh, never mind!' he answered. 'Perhaps I ought not to have mentioned it. Fact is, I was thinking that if there's any vacancy in that quarter, I shouldn't mind being in the running myself. She's an uncommonly smart little girl.' 'Are you alluding to Lady Helen Wes geiiier?' Bryan asked. 'Lady Helen! Of course not! I mean Mjra Mercier, the actress at the 'Hilarity.' I happened to be round at the stage-door one night— little girl in .the chorus— when you were waiting for her; arid you were driving her in the Park the other day, weren't you?' 'I was certainly driving Miss Mercier the cither day,' Bryan answered. 'She is an old acquaintance of mine; and, pardon me, Sir George, but if you have any remarks to make about that young lady to me, or in my hearing, I shall be glad if you will allude to her with more respect.' Sir George whistled, and turning on his heel, walked deliberately Away. Bryan strode out of the club in a towering rage. His brougham was outside, and he drove at once to Wessemer House. Lady Helen v.*as at home, but seemed surprised to see him. 'How odd of you to come at this time of the morning!' she exclaimed, holding out her hand. 'I can only spare you a minute. I am going out shopping. You look wor- I Tied!' 'Helen,' he said impulsively, standing over her, 'I am weary of the city, and of tjiis wretched social grind which all leads to nothing! I am sick to death of it all! Let us go down into the country — to Wessemer Court. Think how glorious these summer afternoons would be, out on. the moors or on the cliffs! ^This London air stifles me. rain L sick of it— ^ek of the lies, and the false pre i fences, and the brutal selfishness of it all. I Let us go where we can be alone together, I and not see anybody else!' I She raised her eyebrows, and smiled upon I him, as she drew on her gloves. '3fy dear Bryan, what has happened to I put you out this morning?' she said. 'Go down to the country in May! Why, I never lieard of such an awful suggestion! What ever should we find to do?' He drew a little away from her. There was a curious pain at his: heart. He was more disappointed that he cared to own. 'It must be as you wish, of course,' he answered qnietly. 'I thought perhaps that you might feel as I do— that a little quiet— I seem to see so little of you just now— might be rather pleasant. Do you care so very much for society then, Helen?' 'I like my. place in it,' she answered firm ly. '1 don't think that there is any life which interests me so much as London life. I am looking forward to entertaining, for your party, you , know, Bryan, when you have made a name for yourself in Parlia ment. I think that my greatest ambition is to have a 'salon.' ' 'A 'salon'!' he repeated. 'Yes, that sort of thing is wretchedly done nowadays,' she continued, finishing button ing her gloves. 'I don't know whether I possess the necessary genius, but I shall try. If you are tired of London, Bryan, why don't you run down to the country for a day or two by yourself?' Here was another little tug at his heart strings. He looked at her reproachfully. 'Without you?' x 'Why, yes. I do hope that you are not going to be sentimental, Bryan!' she said ueprecaungiy. 'if there is one thing in the world which I detest, it is sentiment. Now see me into the carriage, please. I have to call for Mrs. Forrester, and I am late al ready.' He walked at her right hand down the broad steps, and handed her across the pave I ment to the perfectly appointed victoria which was waiting at the door. ' 'You are dining1 here to-night, are you not?' she remarked, as she settled herself back amongst the cushions. '?? 'Half -past eight, you know. Au revoir!' Bryan bowed, and watched the carriage roll away aud turn the corner before he moved. Then he followed it slowlv west ward. ' ' It was not a pleasant walk for him. The pavement around and by his side seemed peopled with the ghosts of his boyish dreams —the ghosts of those passionate longings which had made music in his heart in those days when he toiled on his claim, spade in hand, on the banks of the Blue River. Their icy touch seemed to be on his spirits and upon his pulses, cooling his warm blood, chilling all his hopes and desires. The fc^r, proud girl who had wandered in upon his vagabond youth to become the desire of his life, was his own. She had promised to be come his wife— she, indeed, regarded him, in her way, as a man for whom it was possible to care. Yet when lie had told her of those days of his wild love, and of his joy at this final and almost unhoped-for consummation,' she had smiled at him indulgently— had lis tened as though he were speaking in a' lan- guage which she scarcely understood. And when- he hail spoken to her of:' the future, a future which seemed to him to contain noth ing ~pui tLeijbjtwo ;^elves,;she had iold him of her social: ambitions and her desire for a 'salon.' Well, after, all, lie was but a no vice in the fashionable world for which he had been striving to fit himself. And yet. things were u little obscure to Mm. Hi worad never beliey,e^-n6, he. worifd, never dare to believe, that because she was a, great lady, she was any the less Ja.. woman. '..'.. He looked tip, vaguely curious as to Ms ?whereabouts, and suddenly stopped. Fate had {brought him to the one place which, that day, at any rate, he would have avoid ed. He-wafi in Weymbuth-Isrreet, and ov\$ a feW doors away from Myra'* rooms. ~ ? . Even then .he would have turned arid wallied awa^j but .^forfa -tjjaMtige ' standing outside her door. Soiriething -in the liveries seenied to hiin-f aniiliar, and lie crossed the road with a -heavy frown upon his face. At was as he had' expected: the carriage' Of Sir George (jonyers. '. ..'/'. He did not hesitate any longer*. but he rang the bell, arid inquired fai1^ 'M3ssr. Mercier. 'She was in,' the servari^'^swered a little doubtfully, and he at once 'fiifepared to fol low her upsiairs. Justfas they reached the second floor, the door of'.Myra's sitting-room opened, and Sir George Gonyers, hat in hand, j appeared in the doorway. j 'Oh, yes. I will not forget. -, You shall ] hear from me!' he heard Myra's voice say i ?from inside. -Sir George bowed low. and. ? came out, standing at the head of the stairs to let Bryan pass, and nodding to him with a geniality too obviously assumed. Bryan did not take the trouble to conceal the fact that he was desperately angry, and walked past him into Myra's sitting-room without x'eturning his greeting. ?Myra wa* standing with her hands beliiud her back, looking out of tlie window. At tlie sound of Bryan's step she started round, and gave a little cry. 'Bryan!' she exclaimed. 'Bryan!' 'Yes, it is I!' he answered gravely. 'You seem surprised!' The sudden flush of color faded slowly from her cheeks. She looked at him with a shade of defiance in her manner. 'I did not expect to see you,' she said slowly. 'I have just had another- visitor, you see!' 'Yes, I met him I' he answered gravely. There was a great bunch of stephanotis and liliO? on' the table, filling the room with a subtle faint odor. He opened the window, and taking up the flowers, threw ? them de liberately into the street. She did not at tempt to stop hiiii, but she laughed, a little hard, unnatural laugh. 'That isn't exactly polite,' she said. 'It la not evfc-ry one who thinks enough of me to bring me flowers!' 'You shall have all the flowers you want, Myra,' he answered quietly, 'but not from Sir George Conyers!' She shrugged her shoulders slightly. 'Why not from Sir George? After all, I don't suppose he's any worse than the others, is he? Men are -all bad! Some are selfish, others are vicious! I don't see much differ ence! You don't know why he came here this afternoon, do yi-u?' 'I do not,' Bryan answered, 'but I can guess!' 'Exactly. It is not difficult! He came to tell me what I had already seen in the newspapers— about your engagement^and hi- did nie the honor to invite me to become liis mistress!' . 'Hound!' Bryan muttered between his teeth. 'What did you tell him?' Myra drew herself up, and turned towards him. She was wearing a perfectly plain, tight-fitting, black serge dress, which seemed to show every line of her supple, sinuous figure. 'I told him that I would let him know,' she answered coolly. Bryan took a quick step forward. Then he leaned with both hands on the back of a c-hair, and looked at her. 'Yes, I told him that!' Myra repeated. 'I ? Oh, Bryan, Bryan, tell me quickly! Is it true?' Her manner had suddenly changed. The mask of callousness had fallen away. She pointed to the papers lying on the table. He could not affect to misunderstand her. 'lies, it is true!' he answered. 'And you are not coming to see me any more?' . 'I did not say so!' .&„--.?. ''But you are not? You- love- her! You must love her? You cannot care for me, j not a little bit— not a little bit. Oh, my God, I my God!' i She sank Jsack on the couch! and covered her face with her hands. .-sBryan sat down beside her, and then there was a short si lence, broken only by the sound of her weep ing. A curious sense of perplexity came over Bryan. He~ would have given the world to have taken her into his arms, arid comforted her; to have kissed the tears j away, and have brought the smiles back to her cheeks. More than once in the old days he had done it. But now there was this new barrier between th,em, and he could ! only speak to her from behind it. I After a while he spoke. The silence was ; becoming unendurable. \ 'Myra, I am sorry! God knows I am ! sorry!' he said in a low tone. 'I want you to be happy; to find some one who. will be good to you, and whom you will care for. But not Sir George Conyers, or any one like him. ' I know that you are very lonely, dear. I want to alter all that. I am going to speak to Lady Helen. I am going to tell her— that you were good to me at San Fran cisco, and I am going to bring her here to see you.' She suddenly dropped his hands, and fell on her knees at his feet. She dashed the tears from her great beautiful eyes, and held his hands tightly. 'Bryan, my love, my love, I do not want to see her* - I do not want to-see any one in the world but you. Listen1! Marry her if you love her so much, but promise that you will come and see me sometimes. Love her most —but love me a little! You must, Bryan, you must! If you will do this I do not mind being lonely. I will never speak to Sir George Conyers, or any one else like that again. But you must come, and when you come you must try and imagine that after all you do care just a 'little about me!' She threw her arms around his neck, and drew close to him. Her breath was upon his cheek, her hair even brushed his face, and the perfume of it lingered long after wards. He caught hold of her wrists and held them firmly. 'Myra,' he said, 'I cannot come and see you in that Way after I am married. I can not Listen: . Lady Helen shall be vour friend. You shall come to us!' The passionate light died out of her face, but she did not stir. 'You forget,' she said. 'She is a great lady, and I am only a poor actress — without a enaracter. She will not come and see me. It is you, Bryan, or despair with me. Would I it cost you so much to spare me just a little I corner of your love?' 'Myra, don't ask me, don't ask me!' 'tie rried. -'Lady Helen shall come and see von. She will he. kind. You shall not be left alone here, I promise you. Only tell me that you will not receive- any more visits from Sir Geoige Cciijers.' '1 promise,' she answered sadly. 'I should not have' seen -him to-day, but whe^i tue girl told me that a gebtleman wished to see me, I thought that it was you, and I was so glad that I forgot to ask his name. Won't you kiss me, just once?' . , He stooped down ana kissed her forehead gravely. The toucc -& his hesitating jips seenied to cli'U her. She drew back, snd stoo«l lG-;kin& up at him *i-«nestly. 'Bryan, I don't want; you to be deceived, in me,' she said quietly; 'I am not like some girls. So long as I had. you, or the iope of you, I could live' alone ands ee jab one ' and be contented. .But: thai; issalL.over now. j I am going to be very jnis^rafclepsnd I must ..; have distraction. I mpst-lftivevlif e and gaie- 4 ty. and friends and pleasure. I must have all these things to keep me alive, if I lose you. Bryan. There! 2^y only chance 3s that L®&$ Helen. may come, and that she may be' 'good ttb nie^-for your sake. But. if she does .not. come, Bryan, then you must not ' biam'e me, whatever happens. . You ;hav.e cast me off! Whatever happens, it ,is not my fault.' '; ?'? , ?? ? . j Bryan dared not trust himself to speak. The -prjobiem of , this pale,,, passionate girl, and l-ei- sundered Jife was too profound for him; : 'In his heart he felt that her woids wer-j .true. Ladyi Helen was his only chance/ Ho went out into the twilight, arid passed through the crowded streets, back to his rooms, like a man in a dream; and. she, as sooa as the door was closed upon him, threw herieif face downwards upon the fug; and sobbed. ;? ; (To be continued.) 