WATS OF LIVING-. . <s> NEARING THE NORE LIGHT. This article will be limited to the last stretch of the Thames, between the lower reaches and the sea. Some of the most characteristic features of this region will us pasdeu in review : tne quaint, jaaoits aud old-world beliefs of its residents, and the tales of comedy and adventure told in its inn parlours or over the cabin stoves of its little craft. The first question that naturally occurs is : "Where does the Thames end, and the sea begin P This is what the newspapers call a controverted question. The official boundary, it is true, stretches across from Foulness on the northern shore to Shell- ness on the Isle of Sheppey. ' But the dividing line is generally considered among river folk themselves to he marked by the sandbank above which floats the most ancient and most famous of British lightships, the ' Nore Light.' Sailors passing that Dutch-built barge on an inward journey have a curious, but impolite, method of their own of saluting the fresh water, which they reckon to have entered at that moment, although as a matter of fact the buoyant river water overlays the dense medium of the sea for miles further out than the Nore. And, seeing that the Thames at this point is nearly six miles wide and broaden ing rapidly with every outward mile, one may leave the experts to wrangle over saline proportions and estuarine molluBca and the rest, accepting thei verdict of the sailor. : . Certain it iB that the typical Thames features — the local shipping, river cus toms, river talk and modeB of life— do not extend beyond the Nore. Long before it is reached, indeed, they have begun to ' suffer a sea change.' The men of the ' broken water,' which stretches from a little below Gravesend to the sea, are in many ways unlike their brethren of the higher reaches. For one thing, they are far more silent than the Cockneyfield boatmen and lightermen upstream. Even the sociable atmosphere of their waterside tavern — the ' Smack Inn,' or the ' Net and Golden Anchor,' or the ' Jolly Billy Boy' — does not tempt them into garrulity. It is told of one of their number that having, been upset one chill November night and floating for two hours before he was picked up, his sole comment on being restored to consciousness was the remark, ' Water gets cold 0' nights now 1' A more curious characteristic of these dwellers by the lower river is their super stition. This is, of course, true to a greater or less extent of sailors all the world over ; but the men in question, whilst sharing in such widespread beliefs as the efficacy of whistling and scratching the mast for a breeze, and the bad weather foretold by a howling dog, have their own local and peculiar fancies. One such superstition is that the appearance of a porpoise in the Thames, proceeding up stream, is a sure sign of a coming storm from seaward. ' It must be a mighty stiff blow if he can't face it !' is their crushing retort to the sceptic. . Many of the inhabitants of Canvey firmly believe that spirit - horses gallop madly about the Island from dusk to midnight, and stoutly affirm that they themselves have often heard the wild hoof-beats of these ghostly steeds. Along the marshy shores on either bank you will find veteran sailors to-day who will confidently assure you that they ' know, by a peculiar sound the water makes, when a death by drowning is imminent. ' The water keep moanin', moanin'/ said one of these prophets last spring, ' and that show it want someone." I don't reckon it'll run off shore agen wi'outhim.' But he was wrong : no one was drowned along that coast until next tide, when there were two victims. „ Another quaint belief, which was once common along our coasts, but is now dying fast elsewhere, . still survives — at least among the older generation — in the Kentish river flats. This is that the sick folk, if true native born, cannot die until the ebb-tide has begun to . run. The belief is at least as old as Shakespeare's day ; for did not Falstaff die ' just between twelve and even even at the turning 0' the tide'P And these river folk still say confidently of a sufferer, ' He must wait for the tide.' When their prediction is fulfilled the puzzled doctors talk of " efforts of will power ' ; when it is falsified the prophets explain that the dead man, or his father before him, was reared inland. And superstitions flourish among the ; crews of the ketches, oyster-boats, and other small craft of this distriot. As an instance may be mentioned their dread of a "dogging star' — one shining near and apparently following the moon. This is regarded as ominous of terrible temposts ; and natives of the region in question have been known to refuse to sail from London in a sea-going vessel because of such an apparition in the night heavens. Ghosts appear to trouble them hut little, although a certain small schooner making coasting runs between Gravesend and the Kent and Essex seaboard is always affirmed to be hannted by a former skipper who sprang overboard years ago in a drunken frenzy, .and was drowned. This shade, according to the statement of an avowed eye-witness, is by no means' terrifying, but merelj frequents, in harm less and seemingly aimless fashion, the aft companion that was his favourite reBort in the flesh. Once he was actually good-natured enough to arouse the man at the wheel, who had fallen asleep at his post and in a few seconds wonld have put the schooner ashore above Thames Haven. The mate of the vessel, however, who being London- bred is sceptical of this useful ghost's existence, suggests that it was the flash ing light from the screw-pile lighthouse at Mucking Flat which awoke the slumberer so opportunely. A strange article of faith prevalent in these craft, as perhaps elsewhere, is that it is unlucky to express yourself as ' glad to be alive,' or in any such phrase. As the EsBeX farmer thought concerning balloons, they regard these expressions as farm' bumptious ' to the good and evil powers alike, who may take summary vengeance on such presumption. The town-reared skipper of a local sail ing craft recently had a curious lesson in the superstition of the district. On the occasion of his first ran from Sheerness in his new command he took on board with him a favonrite black cat which had travelled often enough with its. master from Blackwall. The wind, which was fresh at the start, died away suddenly and the tide having scarcely turned was too young to serve them appreciably.. For an hour they drifted at a snail's pace ; then the breeze freshened as suddenly as it had died dowil, and the trip to Greenhithe was completed in comfort. But on reaching there the new skipper found that his sable Thomas had disappeared. Questioning his men, one of them spoke of having 'heard a splash-like ' while they lay becalmed ; and the cat's master could only conolude that in some inexplicable fashion his pet had fallen overboard or committed suide. Mentioning his loss to a neighbour on his return, the disconsolate skipper was greeted with roars of unsympathetic laughter. ' Why, don't you know that a black cat kills the wind ?' he was asked. 'It is largely believed in hereabouts, anyway. No doubt yours was blamed for the calm, and to break the spell poor old puss was weighted round the neck and dropped overside as an offering of appease ment to the wind- gods.' But there is much besides local super stition to be related of the lower Thames. A familiar sight along the Essex shore of the river is the ' Geordie,- or coal-brig, plying between one or other of the Tyne- side collieries and the Thames. Of these craft the river- siders are said to ' curse the skipper and bless the crew.' For while the latter are stalwart, hardy Nortumbrians, such plucky sailors as. to extort the praise of our critical Thame- sites, the shipmasters are the subject of much chaff aud many ' yarns,' the point of both modes of criticism being that, they are not exactly renowned for either navigation or total abstinence. One Geordie's skipper, homeward bound in ballast, is said to have passed the Monse lightship on his port beam, and proceeded spirituously oh his way north. Four hours later, 'when his hazy reckon ing showed the vessel to be off Harwich, au unknown lightship hove in sight to starboard. ' Light, ahoy ! Who on earth 'r you ?' he gretted the stranger. ' Mouse !' came au answering Bhout. /'Nother of 'em' eh?' the skipper was heard to mutter. 'Too bad, too had! Speak to the Trinity House about it — time they had a mouse-trap in these parts!' It was a brother skipper who, when asked by his mate to set a course outward from Gravesend, cheerfully and with hiccoughs told his questioner to 'keep the shore on his port (left) beam until he made Sunderland 1' In the intricacies of the Thames channels such advice is about as one countryman's direction of another to a certain hotel : ' Yeou mun just waalk threough Lunnon an' hear a bit to th' roight !' These stories of intoxicated masters recall an incident for which the writer can personally vouch. ; The skipper of a handsome 'mixed' (cargo and passenger) boat, running between an East London wharf and the West of England, was terribly addicted to drink. Coming down Thames one afternoon under orders to call at Sheer ness he insisted on taking charge, although in a hopelessly muddled state. The mate, nearly frantic with anxiety, managed now and then to issue secret orders to the crew, by which more than one imminent disaster was avoided. Thus they made their way down Btream till the river widened and the mate bfegan to breathe freely again. . Then the captain on the bridge insisted on standing over to the north shore, and when his subordinate remonstrated actually threatened to put him in irons. -So, amid the grumblings of the mate and the skipper's fluent oaths, the boat jog ged along to a certain town on that side of the Thames estuary, where more by luck than judgment Bhe brought up with out disaster at the landing stage. Foreseeing serious trouble, the faithful mate would have hurried his chief below out of sight ; but that officer would not quit his post, and greeted the piermaster , as follows (omitting only the curses and drunken slurs that punctuated it) : ' Here, mister, what's the meaning of this, eh? Don't try to deny it, sir' (crescendo). 'You've stolen it, sir — you're a common low thief, and I'll have you pros-prosecuted' (fortissimo). ' Wot's the row?' laconically inquired the much-abuBed official. 'You villain — you thieving villain!' screamed the skipper. ' Answer me this instant, sir — what have you done with my Modwajr P' And iu his grief at this robbery of a whole river he burst into tears. That piece of folly cost him his master's certificate ; and nowadays, if you want to enrage the red-faced steward of a certain ' day trip ' boat on the Thames, you have only to ask him innocently which side of the river is the Medway. 