HIS OWN ACCUSER. CHAPTER XII (Continued). BY HOUGHTON TOWNLEY, AUTHOR OF "DAZZLED.". "Yours sincerely, “Edward Marsh." “Tour master, “Stephen Markham,” As soon as convenient they left the high reach, are cumbing over a fence into an ad [?] iterd, sat theaselves under a hedga, sad [?] to examine the letters. •'tsiiuil wo open ’em, or sha'n’t we?" '‘lb ain't sale, and I can't read.’' •nut I ken. I’m ft seholard, 1 am. I ken road anythink what’s wrote plain.' i$eth lexers, having been hastily written, were not securely sealed, and with the aid of <v penknife were cleanly opened- The lirst one was from Ur. Marsh: — -Dear Raynor,— A* yon no doubt know M.w.s Chester is very ill—'indeed, danger ously ill. She is delirious and almost be yond control, calling for you incessantly. Tiio death of her father, and some other shock of which I know nothing, have utterly prostrated her, I understand tho mischief was done by a letter from you. It is not for me to tell you what you should do, but as her medical man X will not hold myself responsible for what may happen if you do not come to her. “That ain’t no good to us. Job ; stick it down again,” .said Nicky, after he had spelled it out; "now for the other. ■ '‘Dear Raynor,—Marsh has insisted upon sending for you, but you shall not be ad mitted to the house- She is raving, thunks to your kind cpiselo, which has turned her brain, coming on top of her father's sudden death. Stir from your house, or make any attempt to communicate with her, and I will open my mouth and toll all I know. If you don't wish to kill her, steer clear of tho .police and the hangman’s rope. "P.S.—I am rather short of money. You had bettor send mo a cheque for a couple of hundred." "Ho! ho! he’ll open Iris mouth, urll he? And the young swell had better steer clear of the ’angman, had he?” quoth Nicky. 'They’re both on ’em in it, that’s clear; and Mr. Mealcy Markham is busy nt the tapping business, bleeding the young squire. Job, we’re on this 'ero lay. ' My palms is itching to touch a little of that couple o’ ’undrod.” "Look! look!” whispered Job, pointing suddenly across the field towards Hazel Wood, '‘there he is.” a '"Who?" '’Him—Markham, lover ‘there ag£n llio tree as was struck, close by the wood—see ?” “Yes, I see.” The two men watched the l&wytnfa; movements with some curiosity, “It's the gun he’s after, Job ; he’s looking for it. Quick, round the field along ny the hedge, so he don’t see us while we ken see him. If he don’t find it we will.” From a near point of observation they watched their prey. They saw the lawyer en ter the wood at shore intervals and emerge empty-handed each time. ■“He can’t find it, Job.” Again and again he penetrated the thicket but apparently without success. At last, after a longer disappearance than usual, lie emerged and walked swiftly away. He had found the hidden gun, but guilty fear oven now would not allow him to bring it out in the light of day. He had hidden it again, and carefully noted the spot tliis time, so that at dusk ho might come again and carry it away. CHAPTER XIII. AN ARTFUL MOVE—MARKHAM DE FIED—PHIL ADMINISTERS A FU RIOUS CHASTISEMENT. “Queer, ain’t it, Job, ? im walking awav like that as though he’d settled his little bit of business satisfactorily?” said Nobson, as he watched Markham walking swiftly away from the wood. “Perhaps he’s found it,” ventured Tob. “And 'id it again, eh? We’re used to these little dodges, ain’t we, Job? Wait till lie’s gorn an’ well see. Mark the place whore.ho last come out, and wo’vo got it.” “Over tliei*o by the two ash trees.” “Como along then, my ’arty. Lor, I kon already feel the yeller-boys trickling into my 'and.” “Halves, Nicky; halves.” “Wait till the chickens is ’ntched, Job. Come along.” A short time after a couple of dark figures might have been seen in Hazel Wood, creejv ing on hands and knees in the shadows of the thicket, searching under every bush for the hidden gun. Now and fhen they startled a hare or pheasant, but they took no heed of then, they were going for higher game. Neither spoke for a time, and the only sound to be heard was the crackling of the boughs and the twittering of startled birds as they fluttered out of the bushes into the sunlight, protesting against the intruders. A low whistle from Nicky, who had got separated from his companion, drew Job to a big bush, where he found his companion on all fours diving into the bracken. “I’ve got it, Job,” he cried, excitedly, “Where?” “Here,” and ho drew out the weapon from ita hiding-place. “Hide it again,” whispered timid Job. “At the other end of the wood, eh'?" “In the burrow where w' 1 keep our'hackK” tf Eight you are, Job,. You slip up to the ’All with those letters while I stow, away the gun. My! won’t he feel dizzy when ho finds it’s gom again!” Job aluoched un to the Hall with the let ters, where he met Phil at the gate—not the old Phil, light of heart and free of step, but a dishevelled, gloorav man with droop ing head and pallid cheeks. He glanced at the letters handed to him by the shamefaced Jib. and ooened the one with the strange handwriting. The other he thrust into his pocket His eyes dilated as he read the doctor’s warning letter. He crushed it in his hand and turned towards the stables with hurried step. “Harness the dog-cart at once, do you hear?—instantly.” The new coachman nearly fell from Ida stool with astonishment at hearing himself addressed with such nrccision. “Don’t sit there staring ; get the horse out, or I shall do it myself.” Phil’s teeth were set; ho was desperate. Markham or no Markham, Pauline was his life, and he must go to her. While the horse was being harnessed he took out the villian’s letter, and his blood ran cold as he read it. Tt did not, however, deter him, for another moment, he was spinning along to wards HChester at a reckless pace, taking the reins himself, fihei coachman behind, and driving, as the dOachman afterwards remarked to the groom, “as though he were driving to the devil.” At the Chesters’ house he drew up so sud denly that the coachman w?as nearly seated. \ Throwing the reins on to the horse’s back, he jumped down and strode through the gate to the house where Jimmy, always on the alart, tlirew the door wide open. “How is Miss Pauline?” demanded Phil, with such asperity that oven Jimmy was taken aback. “Very bad.” “Is—Dr, Marsh) hero?” “Not just at present, sir; but Mr. Markr ham is; he’s just come in.” That hated man! At every turn he was confronted by him. , “What is he doing hero ?” Phil demanded, in such a tone of sharp authority that Jimmy’s jaw dropped id astonishment, 'He’s hero mostly how, looking after things under the will, I -suppose. It ain’t my business.” ' . / Phil strode into the house. There was tho stillness of death about the place, and the clock in the hall ticked solemnly and slowly. ’ “Where is lio?" asked Phil, in a lower tone, impressed with tho istillneos of the place. “In here,” said Jimmy, pushing open the door of the room in which Dr. Chester had died. 4 i Phil stalked in with the air of a man bent upon an errand of dangerous import Markham, who was seated at the table, started to his feet as the boy closed the door behind the visitor. He saw a look upon Phil’s face that he had seen once be fore, and he felt afraid to be alone with him. “Did you ont get my letter?” stammered Msrkham, ■ . : . ’ • . “Yen, and I hare come in defiance of you, I have come to «ee my promised wife in "her hour, of needj and I will kill any man who stands in my way.” ‘"AhJJkillipg Js.jather.in yourline, isn’t j it ? Sow can you com® her® after tHq letr ,ter you wrote?" ‘ ; “I did not write it'." "But you signed it ; lb is the flam© thing." “Ami you dared .to give her that cruel letter, when she was crushed with grief for her dead father?" “How do you know that?" “I can read it in your face, jou venge ful, white-livered cur.” “Curb your tongue, young man. ‘Tou know what I can do tor you if 1 chocae." , “Yes, you can. hang mo, and, by heaven, it wouldbe preferable to tins torture.'' A glsam of satisfaction lurked in the lawyer’s eyes at this confession. “Ah! X have not done yet; X have more in store for you." V * ’ “You have not. My mind is made up. I will not .endure more. When you extract ed that letter from mo on the plea that it was the wisest and best thing for my love to be quit of a criminal, ± believed yon. But she is ill—dying, for all I know —and I hove to come to see her to revoke that letter and comfort her, and cursed be ho who stands in my way!' “You shall not see her! You shall not have her! She shall be my wife before she is yours! That is what 1 have in store for you,” snarled Markham ; “and if you stand, in my way, you shall be put out of it —yon know' how; and if she refuses to be inv wife, then I will tell iver who shot young Wilde, and she shall sacrifice herself to save you from the gallows. Phil stared aghast at the evil-eyed man as he spluttered out his sentences. So astounded was ho that ho could hardly believe Ids own cars. He stood motion less, gazing at his persecutor with twitching hands. Markham began to tremble, and edged round toward* the door; but before he could reach it Phil had leapt upon him like a tiger, and fastened his strong lionde upon the villain’s throat. “You evil-hearted reptile! you writhing worm !” ho cried, and his fingers clenched in fury upon tho struggling man. “If ( I have killed one man, 1 can kill another.” Down upon his knees at the first on slaught stumbled Markham, down again backward to the floor with a thud, ns with head thrown back lie /crashed earthward. “Help I” faintly guxgled the choking man. “You venomous our 1 have your throat ui my grip. I have your life at roy fingers’ ends ; promise that 1 shall never see your face more, or I will strangle you where you lie. Promise!” Phil's fingers were too tightly locked on “n.o victim’s throat to allow him to speak. The man only uttered a guttraT sound, and clutched lus assailant’s wrists. “Promise!” PITS cried, shaking him as a terrier does a rat. ‘ But of what use is tho promise of a thief? Why don’t X kill you now ? I will." ( Tighter pressed lus thumbs upon the purple _^kin; blood began to trickle from the creature's nostrils, and his eyes started from their sockets, out still the infuriated youth held on. “Die! you worm, die! Why do your hor rid eyes still stare at me with life? I bate you! I know now’ what hate is. I know how you fool to me, but X can feel tho same. I hate you; I am stronger than you ; I have you in my grip ; and you shall die!” Tho helpless man relaxed his hold upon his assailant's wrists and clutched convul-, sively at the air. HLs body writhed be -1 neath hii? opponent's knee once—twice — again! His logs curled under him, but vain liis frantic efforts to shift tho crushing weight from his body. “Not dead yet! still starm? at mo with those horrid eyes! Why don’t you die?” Phil saw beneath him a black, distorted visage with rolling eyeballs. Ho loosened his right hand that he mighu savagely smite the loathsome face ; the action gave the vie- ■ tim one moment's gasp of precious air—j another minutes lease of life. “I cannot kill him!" I'liii almost shrieked in maniacal fury, loosening both his hands] and smiting 1 together -with tho two as though he would dash inward those rolling, glaring eyeballs. The victim gasped land gulped the pre cious draughts of life snatched in tho brief respite, and found again strength to writhe and toss. ' . To Phil everything seemed whirling round. The face before Jum was magnified like some horrible spectre m a nightmare. Again, his lingers locked upon his enemy’s throat. Then ho heard confused voices in his ears and a womans piercing shriek, tho sound of hurried footsteps on the stairs, and a voice calling plaintively for Dr- Marsh, a crash of glass in an upper room, followed by pattering feet on the stairs. A minute Inter the door of the room was burst open, and Pauline, in her night-dress, with wild, dishevelled hair, stood before him. “I know it! I saw it!” she cried, clasning her hands upon her breast and staring dis traught and mad. “ICill him! kill him! Don’t let me see the letter, only kill him, so that I shall never seo it!’’ The sweet gentle Pauline seemed turned for the into an abetting fiend. Bui the spell was broken. Phil released his victim and staggered to his feet. He re alised that the ghost of Pauline’s former self stood before burn “Pauline !” lie cried" plaintively, stopping over the prostrate man and advancing with outstretched bands, “vs it you? Don’t, you know me?” ; “Get away from me,” she cried, shrink? ing against the wall ; “you are a murderer! See, there is blood dripping from your hands You think I don’t know you, but I do. You killed my father.” “Paulino! Pauline!” ho cried, “don’t look at mo like that. Xam Phil—you know me, ■Phil?” “You are not Phil. You are a murderer. Look!” she cried, pointing to the groaning man on the ground, “look! he is not dead yet. Get on with your work.” “Paulino!” “Oh, come away, missy do,” cried the agonised voice of Martha in tho background. “Oh, Mr. Phil, whatever have you bean doing to Mr. Markham?” ‘Tauline, don’t you know me?” “No. Mr- Phil, she doesn’t know anybody but me ,- 'she's been like this two days,, And she has been calling for you so, and to think that when you come she doesn’t know you neither. It’s pitiful. Gh, poor, Mr. Markham. What have you done to him? How he’s a-groaning.” “Pauline, I’m Phil; don’t you remem ber?” “I remember,” she replied, nodding se-- voral times meaningly. “Where is Eddie ?” Ho advanced towards her, and she re-, coiled swiftly out of the door towards the staircase. H© came still nearer, begging her. not to be afraid, .and touched her. i | ’■ She uttered a wild shriek- and gaVe- a! look round that made his heart stand f-tilLl She seemed for one brief moment to recognise him and remember everything—her-father’s , death, liis own perfidy, and the cruel letter. Then, ’ oblivion olaimcd 'her orico more, and, staggering forward, she fell senseless in his arms exhausted with the ravings of her madness. • ' The turning point in-the fever .•ome/ Her soul was balancing upon the wheel of life and death, and no man could say which, way the wheel would turn. - Phil raised her in his arms rmd. carried her to her room, closely followed by Mar- j bha. Tenderly ho laid her down, and Mar tha applied'such restoratives as the circum stances demanded. Tho poor girl had sunk at last beneath tho conflicting emotions of her delirium, j Tho tired brain, worn out with wild dQ-j lueions from the land of dreams, collapsed beneath the strain. She lay in a half stu- j por, but occasionally her eyes opened and rested upon/the face of Phil as he knelt side the bed holding her thin, white hand She smiled and closed Jier ©yetf Wi TrifK sighs escaped 1 her ifpsKat pnpHmr quivering form by sank intb fpen^e* “She’s going to Martha/ , “Hush!” said Phil, softly, “you have awakened her again.” The big, sad eyes opened slowly and gazed unon Phil with a puzzled expression. The feeble white hand tightened 'pon his, drawing him closer. He bent over her ten derly. and listened as she whispered— “ Phil, was it—was it a dream ?” , yee.” ho answered, smoothing back hew tangled dwdri “Go to sleep, Pauline; go to sleep,” ' \- -.She smiled. feebly.-apd slowly drew his. big, strong hand between her two weak palms, os though the seiisb. of touch gave her:cqmfort and nssured her of tho reality; of his presence. i = v Then her oyeg wandered from his face to tho hand she held, and Phil followed,her gaze. ' .. Horror! his liand was smeared with blood I 1 Bho gate one dull look at the crimson stain, then another, and with- a atari; of terror thrust it from her, She recoiled from him with a frightened cry, .and m a sudden burst of strength raised herself to, a sitting posture, threw up her, arpia, and fell' back senseless on her pillow. • Blood! blood upon his hand®! : The brand of Cain in gaudy smears 5 He smote bin forehead and cried aloud hi pain- He remembered once more that ho was an out cast from mankind ; but a moment' since he had sought again tho life of a follow-crea ture. One )aa<C lingering look at the still, fair form lyiing on tho snow-white pillows, one farewell glance, and, raising his hand* above his head in wild despair, ho turned and fled from the room.. ' Markham, who liad been loft below,strug gled feebly to his feet, and at the same moment Dr. Marsh’s key turned in the latch of tho front door. The doctor entered rho room ,and gazed upon tho panting, dishev elled man in astonishment. "Wliat is tlie matter?" he asked. ‘‘Look! look!” cried tho tottering man, extending his hands and showing the stains of blood on them from contact with his cat lip and bleeding nostrils.. It was a cry of fearhis face was ashen, and his eyes wildly distended. - “What have you been doing? How- did this happen?” asked tho young doctor, quietly, seeing with a professional eye'that a physical , encounter had undoubtedly, caused the damage, “That—that young blackguard Raynor lias boon attempting to murder me,” gasped Markham. “Ho—he tried to strangle me, and Fm afraid Fve r-ruptured a blood-ves sel- See the blood from my mouth! For heaven’s sake don’t .stand there so calmly ! Do something—save me!’’ This as ho foil half fainting with terror ujxm the couch. “You coward!” thought Marsh. and he half smiled. “You have done nothing of the sorb ; your lip is cut from a blow, and a little blood flows from tho nostrils from strain, that is all.- How did it happen ?” “Arc you quite sure?” whined Markham. “Quite. A little cold water and a sponge will put you right in a few minutes.” “The young ruffian!” snarled Markham, as soon as his confidence was slightly re stored, and tho application of a sponge had staunched his scratches; “he shall suffer for this. He shall-—” A footstep on the stairs cut short any fur ther threats. Phil,wild-eyed and despair ing, entered the room. For a moment bo did pot seem to see nnvbody. but soon his gaze rested upon his white-faced torturer, whose physical courage sank at once in the presence of his enemy. *T want to speak to this man alone;”, said Phil, turning to Dr. Marsh, and indi cating Markham. His voice was strained and hollow and his eyes fixed with a strange look- upon the lawyer. "You appear to have already expressed rath or forcibly. Raynor,” said Dr. Marsh. “Don’t you think vou bod hotter postpone vour interview, at least till vou ere out of tins bouse?” “No. it must be now—here. In any other place I should kill him—here I have already gone too far. Ho is safe with mo now. , Lonve ns alone,” * “I don’t wish to bo loft alone with you,”, said Markham. “If l am not wanted, of course I shall not intrude. You seem agitated, P.aynor. Has anything happened! upstairs? &ho;’« not worse?” Ho paused, and spoke with a sudden anxiety that was far from professional. Xho eyes of the two young, men met-, Phil knew of Dr* Marsh’s past love for Pauline, and in bills moment of trouble be felt no jealousy. Extending his lumd, he mo tioned feebly to the door. “Go to her. Leave mo with tills man,” Dr. Marsh hurried up to his patient, whilst Phil stood gazing silently at his per secutor, as though wondering what to do with him, the-timid object of his scrutiny fidgeting awkwardly meanwhile beneath his searching glance, “Yo needn’t be afraid,” said Phil, after a pause, “Listen to what I have to s.ay- This is the last time you or I shall meet and part alive. If we meet again—you un derstand?” - ' “I presume you mean that yourmmurder.r r . ous proclivities will be too much for you— that, having murdered one man, you ate anxious to murder another.” ’ Tho door was slightly ajar, but neither of thorn noticed that it was gradually opened wider inch by inch, by someone outside. Tho alert Jimmy, bursting with curiosity, and palpitating with excitement ir the ex pectation of another physical encounter, was listening with his ears glued to the crack of the door. ‘T mean,” said Phil, resolutely, “that I have been a weak fool to suffer your perse cution, but henceforth you continue it at peril of vour life.” - “Indeed.” “Your motive's are mean and sordid. .You, want money and you want revenge. Have you*not had your fill? have you not glutted your hate?” “No, I have not. Do you think I shall forgot this day, any more than when you shot young Wilde?” • “I admit I did shoot him, but it was in moments of oblivion, when I was stupefied with drink, and I have paid dearly for it. If it were not for her lying at death’s door above, I would.,go and . give myself un to the police. As it is, I would spare her the sha'rae and humiliation of being pointed at as the woman who- lost her affianced lover upon the gallows. But as for you, I know you for a scoundrel—a blackmailer, forger, thief.” . “You have no proofs.” “X have several. I have thought -them out. If my hands were not tied I could land you in gaol to-morrow, in spite of the papers you forced me to sign, I can pro duce evidence incontestable that some of the documents you florged with reference fd my estate were not signed by me at the dates stated in them. I can prove X was not in Ilchester on those date®—and, what is more, you do not know’ where I was.” Markham started. He had not calcul ated on this astuteness. ’ ; “You know nothing of legal shatters, ” said the lawyer. , : “I know something of common sense; and I know enough of law to assure you that a man who knows of murder, .as you do, and uses that, knowledge for his own purposes, and does , not denounce • the murderer, be comes on accessory after tho fact, and : lia ble to a heavy penalty.” “You cannot prove it.” “Don’t be so sure. Denounce me to morrow and see. I defy you to do it.” “No doubt. But it does hot suit my pur pose, you see. We are very bravo to-day. You will alter your tone to-morrow.” “What I have said I mean- I know your game is; money. You Jhaye and your boasted 'Wealth and land speculations are all sham, Ybu have lived upon the money you have drained from my estates during the minority of my cousin who died. If the estates had never fallen into my hands you might have continued your peculat tion for many years to come. Now, being a c the end. of your tether, you mean to use your knowledge of my'crime to get; money. How much do you want to leave me alone— to go right cut of the. country ? Mention the Ann, hundred!? —or thousands if you like; make it 'please, for both you and I leave Englahd tomorrow.” . (To Be Continued.) The army death-rate is lower in Great Britain than in any other country. In* Franco it ii nearly six times as high as in that country. 