THE MYSTERY OF 1LFORD GRANGE. [Aix Rights RESunvED.] Hford Grange lies in an untrodden valloy j in tho heart of England, a lovely retreat, ?whore tho call of tho bird has not been ( ailoncod by tho Bhriek of the stoain whiBtlo, t and wliero tho sky is not clouded, nor tho air fouled with sruoko. A milo from tho old Grange stands a lono ^ nlo-houBO. whoso Bicnboard.Thcltobin Hood, . apeaks of tho old forest dayB. . | Behind the old inn a pathway led through , a wood to the valloy of Ilford Grange; the old f tenement was a motley group of buildings, grey and red; once a pioua lodging, it waB | still backed by the ruined town and Bouth wall of tho Priory Ohuroh. | West of it, a tiny stream bubbled down tho i valley, which, banked up to tho north of tho church, formed a lake, the unruffled surface of which rellects tho bushes that have grown round the bank, tho ivy-covored tower and theeloudsthat float lazily over the enchanted valley making up a perfect picture of rural -beauty. The Grange, built of grey stone, is patched hore and there with briuk.being all overgrown ?with tangled creopers.and surmounted by tall red brick chimneyB, abo-*o which ngnin tower tlie ruins of tho old Priory Church. It wus towards tho close of a bright and glorious September day that I paused, after a five milo walk, in front of Ilford Grange It w&B; with Btrango mingled leoliugs mat I stood for many minutes gazing at the old pile, grim and gloomy reminiscences being recalled to my mind at its sight. Here, after my poor father's death, when a boy of seven, hnd I been brought from ' London by my uncle's solicitor. Though at enmity with both my parents, upon his younger brother's decease I had been sent for. I may hero add that a mother's tender ]ove and caro I never had known, she having left the world a few weeks only after my birth. As I stood now in tho gloaming, tho shadows deepening around tbo old Grange, I recalled to mind the dark, bleak, winter's day, when, weary of my morose tmd miserly relation's tyranny, I ran away, a lad of six teen. Starved and buffeted about for years at Ilford Grange my rough life on board a West India merchant. ship was far prefer able; and now.fairly well-todo'and eight and twenty years of age, it was with wild and conflicting emotions th«it I stood with folded arms at the entrance gates of my uncle's residence, the old miser, who for years had forgotten my existence, but who now upon his death bod had expressed a wish to behold once more his nephew Miles. Something I ? rninnmlinriid of a nrettv little ciri, a niece, tho daughter of the only sister of Mark Han ? way. She,' poor child, some seven or eight years my junior, had been the only being I regretted leaving behind at tho old Grange that bitter winter's day when, proud and defiant, I ran away to seek a home upon the vasty deep. There was no sign of life about the old place.and as I sauntered up the moss covered and weeded pathway I beheld, as of yore, the Bame air of desolation, neglect, and decay. ... ' A. miser never changes his disposition any more than the leopard his spots,' I muttered, as, gaining tho old porch, I gave a tug at the boll, the clangour of which woke up many a dismal echo aborut tho place, startling the very rooks that were circling overhead preparatory to seeking their nests, for the night was close at hand. For' some five minutes I waited patiently a reply to iny summonB, and then, as I was about again to put my hand on tho bell, the massive oaken door waB slowly opened, creaking and groaning on its hingeB as if reluctant to admit of ingress to tho stranger. :. An old crone, with yellow, wrinkled tace : ond toothless gums, standing on tho thres ' hold; winking and blinking like an old owl, in querulous accents demanded my business. 'I left London early this morning to pay a viBit to my uncle, Mark Hanway.' ' Did you ? then you might have Baved yourself a long journey; you can't see him,' eaid the old'woman, snappishly, who, though she had lost her teoth, I found retained her sense of hearing. ' Can't see him ? What do you mean, woman ? Why, ho sent for me, and as I just now informed you, I havo travelled a long distance at his request.' ' That may be, but tho old man has started on a longer jonrney than you havo over made.' ' I think I understand you. You mean to infer that he is dead.' 'YeB; and as wetavo no accommodation for travellers, I can't let you in. I'm a lone woman, and can't a-bear strangers. You'll get a bed, I daresay, at tho Robin Hood, t'other side of the wood.' ''Thank you, but I do not care to cruise for that anchorage to-night. I'm here now «nd intend to remain. I do not know who or what you aro, but I havo come down here at tho express deBire of Uncle Hanway, and I'm not going to bout ship for any lono woman ? who does not lilto Btrangers. Rather short-tompered aud angry at the impudence of the crone, I hero very coolly drovo past her into the hall. Rather taken aback, as olapping her hands, soreechine and yelling like a- tiger-oat, Bho sang out, ' Reuben, Reuben ! Dido, Dido ! ' Tho pair so loudly called upon starting forth from a half -open door cloae by me, and proving to be a burly, sandy-haired, red faced man, and a fierce, savage-looking dog; the latter with an angry snarl, and revealing a set of hugo fangs, hunching Ilia back and showing a dis position to fly at me without any further to do or provocation. ' What's all this about 1 Who are you V Get out of it, or I'll let Dido havo at Iheo ! ' ? ' You'd bettor hold Dido, as you call him, back, or I'll put a knifo in Mb ribs. I've done d tidy bit of pig-sticking in India, and I'm not going to bo cowed hero by a vicious dog or bullied by a clodhopper! You ask who I am,' I am the nephew of tho owner of this house, and I don't care who you aro or that orone either; but if you don't take caro and aro not civil, I'll kick you both out of the Grange.' 'Oh, oh! Do'eo hear that mother?' . ' Lot go the dog at Mm, Reuben. Did theo .hear he called I a crone?' cried tho hag, fuirly dancing with race. To my unmitigated aBtoniuhment, tho scoundrel of a man, now loosing tho savago beast he had been' holding, with a loud deeo '*' .mouthed, bay it sprang upon mo, causing mo ? by its' weight to staggor back ngainBt tho wall. ' ; Having snatched a broatl sharp-Waded knife from my pocket a moment before, and getting a good grip of tho brute by the neck, I buried the woapon up to tho haft in its throat, and then exerting all my strength I hurled tho dying beast at tho old woman — thedogandits mistress rolling togother upon tho floor. Starting now upon tho amazed and confoundedRouben.I gave the fellow ono crashing blow full between tho eyes, and an other under the left car that sent him stun ned and bleeding upon tho bodies of tho .shrieking hag and the dead Dido. Master of the field, I now, drawing a deep breath, took a glanco around, R taring wildly as a little boy, wan facod, ragged and dirty, gliding from a distant corner, with one hand upon his lips and the othor upraised.beckoncd mo to follow him, as ho began to ascend a flight of stairs at tho end of tho hall. i Paying no heed to tho otttha and throats ' of dire vengeance uttered by the bullying lout bolow, I at onco hurried aftor tho poor little creature, who, gliding swiftly boforo me, kept : turning round to Beo if I wore following on. Up a second flight of stairs, passing along a corridor that I remembered woll'in the [ daysof old, my littlo pilot thon began ascend ing a third Btcep flight that I know led to a ' suito of rooms seldom or ever used in my childhood's days, and that boro tho roputa tion of boing haunted. Passing through two apartments that opened ono into the other, the littlo fellow came to a pause, and placing his trembling little hand upon tho door of a third chamber, ; ho exclaimed, in a hesitating and trembling ; voice, ' Laura's hero !' ' Laura's there, ia she?' I replied, amiling at the troubled expression that rested upon tho poor boy's features; for though locked, I was well assured that 1 could soon burst tho door open if necessary; and calling to mind that Laura was the name of my pretty playmate and cousin in tho long ago, I determined, ?without any scruple, to f orco an entrance in to the room. Forthwith, and without any further to-do, I gave a bound.' with my shoulder against tho obstacle before me; that, as I expected, tore tho look away, and landed mo sprawling upon the floor of tho chamber beyond. Starting to my feot, I was now astounded at beholding a young and lovely girl, a beautiful blonde, lying upon a couch, bound j hand and foot, whilst piled up to the ceiling, as if ready for removal, I observed a chest of drawers, tables, chairs, card-tables, and wash stands, all packed ono upon the othor, caus ing tho chamber to resemble tho sale room of an auctioneer. My first proceeding was, of course, to re lease from her bonds the weeping girl, who, in wild alarm, seizing me by the arm, ex claimed: I ' What havo you done with that infamous woman and her son?' | ' Shown them both that I mean to be master hero!' ?? But the dog— they will set the horrible brute upon you!' ' They did that same tiling, my dear girl, and I Berved Dido as I used to do tho wild boars; but tdll me, Laura, what is the mean ing of that strange array of furniture ?' ' I will tell you all— everything. But say, are you not my cousin Miles, that poor undo was oxpecting ?' ' I am he ; yes, Laura. And though so many years have passed since we wandered hand in hand about the valley and through tho woods, I recognised you, dear, tho moment I entered tho apariment. . And now tell me what villainy has been going on hore ?' i ' Almost murder, Mi'es,' cried my pretty relation, as she clung tremblingly and confi dingly to my arm. ''Poor nnele Hanway died yesterday, and because old John Greys brooke and his daughter wouldn't consent to some vile proposition of theirs, tho monster, Reuben Monks, and his vile old mother i barricaded them up in the ghoBt room, and God knows what crime would have been carried out if you had not arrived; for my self I would havo died before agreeing to the wishes of that dreadful pair. ' And what wero those wishes, Laura ?' ' That I should consent to become tho wife of the horrid son.' I ' A very modest desire, certainly; but I'll Imzo (punish) them before many hours are over. And now to release the priBouerB. , Thank God I arrived in time, Laura, for I ? believe that vile old hag and the fellow \ Reuben wouldn't havo hesitated at murder, or their looks belie them.' Sotting strenuously to work I proceeded to drag away tho numerous articles of furni ture that had been heaped together, and slightly aided by my cousin speedily dis closed the half-glass door that opened into . the ghost room, as it was called. Here, by , the pale rays of the moon that stolo through I a small casement at the far end of this ante-room, I beheld the wan and startled faces of tho old man and his daugh ter, who had so daringly been imprisoned by ; tho vile housekeeper, Mrs. Monks, and her I I With some difliculty getting away from my cousin, who was in fear and alarm for my safety, I now, leaving her with the Greya brookes, at once descended to tho lower part of the house I was rather surprised that I had received no furthor signs of revolt from the enemy, especially as I had hoard from Laura of thoir audacious desires and criminal proceedings. Followed ,by tho littlo boy, a waif of the adjacent village, I' made a thorough inspec tion of the premises, and at last was pretty well convinced that the mother and her hope ful son had vacated tho premiBCB. Returning to my anxious cousin, all the night through (along with the poor old labourer and his daughter) we sat up in that house of the dead, none of us under the cir cumstances caringto seok ropose. The next day, upon calling in the county , counstabulary, wo discovered that'Reuben Monks and his mother had decamped, but had carried off a considerable sum in gold, part of the hoards of my unfortunato uncle, who had died with no relative by his death bed ; even his niece having been prevented from attending upon him by the vicious , beings in whom for yeara ho had placed such trust. The precious pair of conspirators ' by means of the.hue and cry and a smart de tective from London, were booh captured, and received .a well-merited sentence of ' Fivo Years' Penal.' As next-of-kin, I duly inherited all Mark Hanway's woalth, and, wodding the lovely Laura and settling down at the old Grange, I tempted no more the dangers of tho deep, deop sea. 