Multum in Parvo. It is estimated that at the present rate o£ growth, London, which now has a popu lation o£ 5,657,000, will in 1941 liavo over 13,000,000. An "electrical char-woman" is tho latest Household novelty reported from America. Brushes and driers are connected with a motor, and on touching a button the '? char woman " starts scrubbing the floor. Siberia, so far from being a country of dosolation, is as green and fertilo a land as Australia. There is room in Siberia for 20,000,000 colonists, and an abundant living for them all, without drawing upon tho ox- tensivo mineral resources of this wonderful country. — — / Tho estimated population of greater Mel bourne at the end of '1899 was '177,790. There was a net increase during the year of 7876, the excess of births ovor deaths being 511S. The highest estimated population during the decade was in 1891, when 'it', roached 491,700. A Transvaal war correspondent gave London- Daily Chronicle a strange story of SpionKop: — Oneof the Lancaster men, while . in the act of firing in a prone position, had his head taken clean off by a largo shell. To the astonishment of his comrades tho head less body quietly rose, stood upright for a few seconds, aiid then fell. It is generally supposed that more men are_ killed by artillery than infantry lire. This is a totally erroneous, notion, as from medical reports it would appear that therillo is responsible for nearly 90 per cent, of our killed. In the Franco-German War it was estimated that 6969 Germans were killed by rifle bullets, and only 695 by artillery fire. — :-o-: — x Drinking and drunkenness are largely increasing in tho United Kingdom, side by side with teototalism. No less than £8 16s. per head — man, woman, and child — now goes in liquor, and deaths from alcoholism havo risen in 20 years 58 per cent, for men, and more than, doubled for women. The indications are that moderate drinking is slowly being wiped out — tho extremists arc winning, both sides. Franco lias paid its last pension to Napoleon I.'s soldiers. In 1869 a law was passed granting £10 a year to all non-com missioned officers and privates who had served ton years in tho armies of tho first Kopublio or the first Empire and had received a wound. For the first year tho payments amounted to £120,000, last year the sum was £10, and the last recipient is now dead at the ago of 105 years. — :-o-:— A t a conference held recently in Chicago, under the auspices of tho National Anti- Trust League, a scheme of national organisa tion was adopted. Resolutions were passed asking Congress to securo government control of tho telegraph and telephone systems and tho railways, and recommending tho adoption " of tho system known as direct legislation, in order "to mako government once more, as' of right it ought to be and as was conceived alike by Thomas Jofferson and Abraham Lincoln, a government of tho pooplo, for tho people and by tho peoplo." — :-o-: — Hares are held to bo uneatable by tho Boers, Kaffirs, and Hottentots, because in his body are supposed to reside tho spirits of the doparfcod. No man would caro to disposo of his deceased grandmother's ghost at tho festive board. Even his mother-in-law's might not provo palatablo ! The fact that English folk oat hares is onlyono more proof of the weird behaviour of the Uitlander. One kind of hare, tho " springhaas," cer tainly acts as if he wore a spook, by hopping about with a kangaroo'-liko movement at' night only. In the day ho is as if. he were not. Medical uion are always' finding out fresh sources ,or clanger to poor humanity. A doctor says that there's typhoid in celery. Another declares there is tuberculosis in old postago stamps. The last-mentioned is a surgeon in the French army, and his ser vant was a stamp collector, who moistened tho stamps on his tongue. Tho practico struck tho doctor as dangerous, so he soaked 800 of these stamps in sterilised water, and from this eight guinea pigs wore inoculated. Tho whole of them died, showing tuber culous lesions. Tho moral is — do not affix postago stamps yourself, but give them to tho office boy to lick. ' — — :-o-: — An English or Australian author has copyright for '12 years, or seven years after his death, whichever period is longest. In Franco authors have copyright durin" their lives and for 50 years afterwards. In Russia the law is now the same as in Franco. In Germany the protected period covers tho life of tho author plus SO years. In Spain the period of protection is tho author's lifo plus 80 years. In Italy copyright lasts during tho author's life, or a term of '10 ydars, and at tho end of the longer of theso terms another term of -10 years begins. In tho United States copyright lasts for 28 years, and then for a further term of 14 years, if at tho end of tho 28 years tho author or the widow or child of his be living. 