EOS. SUNDAY. SERMONS OF THEI D AiY. BEE WAY, THE TRUTH, THE WFR By Boy. Hugh Price Hughes, M.A. 'Jesus said unto him, I am the way, th(Mtruih, and the life] no man ooraeth unto. the. Father, but by Me;'— John xiv. 6. This great saying is true universally and absolutely. But our Lord utter* it here in a, special and limited sense. Ho is speaking of the divine eternal iJ'athor, It is ,in relation to Him that this saying must bo understood. Jesus Christ is the way to the Father, the truth about the Father, and the life in relation to the Father. In tho first place Jesua Christ is tho way to tho Fathor. It is not merely that He shows the way or makea the way. Ho is the. way, Ho does show tho way. But Ho shows tho way by pointing to Himself. He does mako tho way. But He makos tho way by being himself tho full atonement, Bacrifico and satisfaction for all the sins of all mankind. Honce in the deepest and ultinuito senso Ho is the way. Like ovory othor person, Ho is immeasurably greater than anytliing He says or does. No man ever spako like this man. Mo man over did such mighty deeds as this man. Bub Ho Himself is tho greatest word of God and tho most stupendous work of God. Porfeot man and perfect God Ho is tho rook upon which the Church is built. And against it tho gates of li'oll will novov prevail. \te ib tho living bridgo Avhiclt has spanned iho fathomless gulf botwcen God and man. Ho has theroforo solved tho in soluble and aohiovod tho impossible. . The mystory of all ages, the mystery of godlinoss is rovoaled at last. What is tho greatest of all questions that has ever perplexed, tho mind of tho greatest and wisest1) It is this — How qon man attain to Gad? How oan tho oroaturo roaoh and touuh the Creator? As St. Paul rominds us in Colossians, oriental mystioism attempted to bridgo over the vast abyss botwoon man and God, Christ Bwoepa away all those fantastic and yet pathetic systems, and presents in His own person tho accomplished fact, tho aotual union of God and man. Soienco in our own day confirms tho ancient doc trino that man cannot by Boarolu'ng find out God. To our unaided faculties He Vi unapproachable, invisiblo, incompre hensible And yet, as Mr. Herbert Snencor admits, thero is in Nature some thing that persists whioh the man of Boionco can neither understand or explain away. Behind and beneath all tho phenomena of tho universo, the pheno mena with whioh alono human science deals, tlrcro ia something. The non ChriBtian says it is unknown. And we may freely admit that opai'b from tho revelation of God, that is true. But, says suoh soionco, it is unknown and un knowable. Stop at that point. 'Un- knowable? You aro now attempting to provo a negative, whioh is a very difficult thing. You will excuse mo, but you are stopping out of your own true sphere, whioh is only to deal with phenomena. You are working from tho basis of ad mitted ignorance. You say you do not know. I admit it. Soripturo said that 2,000 yoars before you. But tho children of our Sunday-sohools know. For they have learned from Jesus Christ what all our tolescopes could never ro veal. Tilings hidden from the wise and learned, loaning on their own under standing, aro -revealed to babes, loaning on the arms of Christ. When babes or philosophers wo loaning on Christ, tho invisiblo appeal's, and God is soen by mortal eyo, In the Christian Church tho old oriental sontimont, to whioh St. Paul rofers, survives in the disposition to hanker after the mother of Christ, tho saints, tho angels, the Popp, tho Christian minister. But Christ Him self, as Ho tolls us in this passage, is tho Way, Christ t!ho Way. As tho inspirod writer says, the new and living way, by Wliioh every humau being can come at once, immediately to the Fatlior. I confess that I entirely ogreo with tho memorable words of tho illustrious Robertson, of Brighton, that tho highest duty of tho Christian minis ter is to bring his follow-raan to Christ, and then himsolf to got out of the way, Somo may remember the memorable conversation botweon Aloxandor tlhe Groat and Diogenes the Cynic 'What oan Alexander do for Diogenes?' 'What oan Aloxandor do for Diogenes? Alex ander can do for Diogenes only one thing. Ho can have the goodness to conso 1x) stand between Diogones and tlhe sun.' And in like manner I, too, must any that tfho highest service which any human being oun rendov mo is to ab stain from standing botweon me and the Son of Righteousness when Ho has arison with hoaling in his wings. Let nono of us uxako tho mistake into which Philip ifoli on tiho occasion of my text. ? Lot us not say, 'Show us tho Father,1' Has Christ beon so long witih you, and wo you as ignomnt as waa Philip? , Christ and tho Father aro ono, and he who has soon Christ has soon tho Father, Come to Ohrist, and you havo already oomo to tiho Father. Lol^me^ then, at this point, ask every one of you, in the presence, at' God, a pointed and direct question. Let mo put it in tho form in whidh a Scotch shepherd put it to a young anan, who aftorwards beoamo a burning and shining light in ttio Churah of Gad. Tins simple-minded ahopherd, walking along a aheop-path in the High lands, met this young minister of reli gion, and greeted him with tho strange salute, 'Do you know tho Father?' And, ? without waiting for any answer, ho went his way. 'Do you know the Father?' Tho question kept ringing in tho me mory of tihafc young man, until his conscience was aroused, and ho camo to know tiho Father. Nearly 'half a- century afterwards ho wns in tho same part of Scotland, and, singularly enough, ho met tho same man, now very old. And ' the old man repeated the samo question \--*'Do you know the Fathor?' And, witih a hivppy smile, he was ablo to answer, 'I do.' Now, by one of those etrango coincidences, for ono moment I cross your path at Grindolwald, but wo may novor moot again. Do you know tho Father? God grant that when we do meet, you, too, may be able to an swer as unhesitatingly, as triumphantly, as did that great saint of the Christian Churah, 'I .do.' Christ is the Truth. Socondly, Christ is the truth about tiho Fathor. That is to say, He not merely touches the truth, but is the trutih. Ho is the truth in this singular and romark&blo; way, His very existence reveals the Trinity to us, Now the Trinity is tho essential doctrine of the Christian roligion. Tho doctrine which differentiates it from every other roli gion, and even from the Jewish faith, 'llaoso of us who attended the Gorman service in this very church had a strik ing illustration of that this morning. The service began by tho baptism of five children at this very font, and in Dvary case tho pastor took the child in to his arras, as Christ did boforo him, and, standing whoro 1 stand now, he took the water and dropped it on tho ohild, and said, ({I baptieo tihee in tho name of tho Faibher, 'and of tiho Son, and of tho Holy Ghost.' So that at the tilvroshold of our connection with the Christian Churdh we aro greeted by the Trinity. And, when tlio service closod, tho pastor pronounced the- triune bene diction, and bid us leave in tho name of the 'Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' How is it that he begins and onds with a reference to the triune God? There are some who have been not unnaturally tempted to believe that the doctrine of tho Trinity is a raetaphysioal abstraction with whioh foolish theologians have filled tho minds of men. But you will find that it is not a metaphysical abstraction, but a blessed fact, having* the most intense practical interest for overy one of us, For what doos it roveal? It reveals, as nothing else can roveal, that the ultimate and es sential idea of God is Fatherhood. It reveals, as Christ by His very existence reveals, thnt God is pre-eminently a Fathor. Woll does he say, 'No 'man. knoweth tho Father save the Son, and he to whom the Son willeth to reveal Him.'' Obviously, the Son reveals the Father. They are co-relative terras. And the only begotten Son, beoause the eternal Son, reveals to us what? — tho oternal Father. Remember that the only rela tion in whioh God is eternal is -His Fatherhood. He is not an oternal cre ator, For thero was a time when He. lived in tho solitude of the Eternity of the past, when there was no creature oreated. Nor is He an eternal King in reference to the eternity of the past. For thore was a time when Ho had no subject. Neither is He an eternal Judge. For there was a timo when no oroature existed for His judgment. But He is an etornal Father, because he hae an eternal Son. Hence it follows that the essential idea of God is a paternal idea. Unhappily, although we are in the lust decade of the nineteenth cen tury, i ara ODiigea to oomess tnat no church has realised that, although it is the great practical conoluaion of the doctrine which all churches hold, both in the Catholic Church and in tho Protes tant Churoh. God is still regarded su premely as a judge. Although that is the truth, it is not the supreme truth. This limited view of God has had a most appalling effect. I shall nover forget the effect made on my own mind by a remark made to me when I was pastor in the south of London, A layman, who had been a member of my own com munion, and had held every office it was possible to hold, confessed to me that until I had come there and impressed upon him and others tho great essential truth of tho fatherhood of God, he had never, all through his Christian life, thought of God specially and vividly and supremely as his Fathor. God had been a king and judgo, and nothing more. The tender and gracious and delightful con ception of his Father had only dawned upon him in his old age, and with the most blessed results in his own personal happiness. Then I rosolvod I would never lose an opportunity of impressing upon those who call themselves Chris tians the unspeakable blessedness of this truth, I am sure of this— that the Fatherhood of God will occupy a much more prominent place in the better Christianity of the future. The day is coming when tho churches generally will accept the Christianity of St. John, who did realise that God was his Father, and our children's obildren will say with an intensity and wjth a delight of ?which perhaps we are incapable — 'Our Father which art in heaven.' CHRIST IS THE LIFE. Jesus Christ is the Life in relation to the Father. His incarnation made Him the new Head of the race of Adam. We are not, in the truest and highest sense of the word, the sons of God until we are united to Christ as a branch is united to the vine, and as our limibs are united to our 'bodies. In one sense all men are the sons of* God, because they are the sons ot Adam, whom one evange list calls tho son of God. But, in the truest and best senBo, in the sonse of highest sonship, no man has any right to call himself the Bon of God until he has trusted in Christ and been born again and 'been united to Christ. But when a man is able to say, as St. Paul said, not in metaphorical or metaphysi cal terms, but as an expression of a vital fact, 'I live, yet not I, but Christ in me,' then indeed tho life ia a life of true sonship. Jesus Christ has given, us His own life of Sonship, which is His own peculiar glory. This Ho repro5\ices in us, and then we can cry, aa never boiore — to use the patnewc language of St. Paul— 'Abba, Father,' Dear Father. We must eat His 'flesh j we must drink Hia blood, or we have no life in us— Til© in the New Testament sense of the word— no Christ- like life. That is our true life, We were oreated for that, and we are utterly dissatisfied until wo have that. Can you imugine any raoro degrading conception of Chris tianity than that Christ came merely to Eave us from hell? It is true as for as it goes. But, oh! that was not HiB ob ject. His great object waa that we might have life, and that abundantly, Neither to take us out of hell nor to heaven, but to make us like Himself in Grindelwald. That was the glorious purpose of His resurrection life. Have you this true lifo? Do you share this true life so truly that you are in con scious fellowship with Christ? I was much impressed by a typical case in London, and I refer to those things be cause Christianity is essentially an ex perimental soience, and the danger of theologians ia to live above the clouds, and never to bring their theories into contact with real life. The new test of all science whioh waa discovered by Lord Bacon must be applied to Christianity as well as to astronomy. If your doc trine of the ohurch is not big enough to include all Christians, you had better stretch it. Away with it. At any rate the twentieth century will have done with it. Bring everything to the test of truth. We must open our oyes and see things as they are, We must bring everything to the teat of verifica tion, i repudiate m advance anything i that I may say which is contradicted by faot. At St. Jamoa'a Hall a few Sun days ago, at the close of the service, a Canadian gentleman oame into the ves- ' try, I had been speaking of union with' Christ. 'That ia the very thing I want,' he said. 'I realise now as never before that though I have been a Christian 1 have nover been consoious of this union with Christ. There is an aching void that has never been filled. I have been a member of ft Christian ohurch. But I have lacked something. This is what I ''want.' 'You may receive it now,' said a Christian to whom he spoke, dog matio with that glorious dogmatism whioh is founded upon experience. I am very certain there is suoh a place as Grindolwald, because I have beon here. And so the simple-minded Christian did not imagine that thero was any true modesty in denying the Lord who bought him, for 'what we have felt and seen, with confidence we tell.' He bore wit ness to God, and as he testified the man heard and rejoiced and submitted to Christ. This is our true life. This is the only real life. And this life ever comes to us as the free gift of God. When will all those who wish to bo Christians submit? There are many more who wish to do so than appears upon the sur face. Thousands of persons of both sexes have during the last twenty years beon good enough to confide to me their spiritual condition. And I am greatly struok by the fact that in all quarters there is an intense desire to be good, to be Christian, Butthe delusion we dis cover is this— They think that Christ will oultivate and develop our old natural life, and that we must co-operate with Him. He does nothing of the kind, He gives us a new life, His own life, that ours may be a Christ-like life. I may sum up the whole ethical teaching of Christianity as A Christ-life Lifo the only kind of life. You are a Chris tian if you do what Christ said. Let us distinctly understand one another. The reason why the majority of the people of Europe are outside all the Christian ahurtihes is because we have not realised that our duty is not merely to get to heaven, but to lead a. Christ like life in the particular position in which God has placed us. But you say that is impossible. Yes j if left to our selves, Do you remember the time when Christ looked with compassionato eyes on the disciples and said, (fWith man it is impossible. But with God all tilings are possible.' And the question is not what you can do by your own efforts or by any amount of oulture. But what the Spirit of God oan do bu« perwaturally and miraculously, if you place yourself in God's hands, allow Him to accomplish tftio purposes for which He breathed into you the breath of life. I witness every week the mira cle of bringing men from darkness into light, out of the bondage of evil into the freedom of the sons of God. This is a greater miracle tihan ouring the sick. It is one of tho marvels of God which He promised should be repeated in every age. I have eeen thousands of men and women who are now bright nnd radiant, and they declare that they have not wrought the change, but Christ in them. This is wkub He is wait ing to do for all of us, 'I can do all things,' said St. Paul. That is bold even for on apostle. But he added something — 'I can do all thing in liv ing union, with Christ,' the union of tlie branch with the vine. It is no longer a question of what Paul oan do, but what God can do if the apostle allows Him to have His own way. We, too, may rea lise the bold words of St. Paul if we cling to Christ. I tihink that there are some who, when you speak of free sal vation, think that there is something very dangerous about it. There is no premium on idleness in this salvation. The great majority of Christians, I know, aro useless. In every ohurch it is a small minority who do the work. We ought all to do our very utmost for God by doing our utmost for man. This salvation does not. mean laziness. It means that God saves us so thoroughly that we shall not be busy in looking after our own salvation, but we shall have plenty of time to look after the salvation of others. You remember how on ono occasion tvhe disciples were in tho midst of a great storm. The waves were leaping high, and, wet to the skin, and weary, they toiled and toiled. They iumde no progress, and only suc ceeded in preventing themselves from being drive on the rockB. And in the midst of the storm Ohrdat stepped on board the vessel, ana they were at raeir desired heaven. There was no more storm, there was no toil after Christ oame on board. But what was the re sult? Do they say, We will lie and lounge on the shore ? On the contrary, they begin at once to preach the Goapel and do good. The fact that they were safe did not make them indifferent to their duty, Take my own case. What a raiserablo thing it would be if I had to go about saying 'Ara I saved? Do you think I am going to Heaven or not?' I Bhould do no good to anybody, In tho midst of the weary millions of London, what Bhould I do if I wore overwhelming ly engaged in working out my own salva tion in thait miserable way. My duty is to make London the City of God, that it may be known in heaven that London, with her million voices, worships uoci. Having trusted in ChriBt, I am no longer pre-ocoupied with my own salvation. God gives me opportunity and leisure to secure my own happiness and future by promoting that of others, I fear that even to-night, in this congregation, whioh consists no doubt mainly of Chris tianB, there may be some brought by ac cident or ouriosity who havo never yet realised that Christ is their own personal Saviour, and have never so submitted to Christ as to know that He is their Saviour. How necessary it is to know. I often think of a Roman noble, a fine, handsome young fellow, who accepted Christianity, and was afterwards com manded to burn incense. He declared he would not. At last the Pro-Consul Baid : — 'You refuse, because, if I order pou to be put to death you fancy that this Jesus will take you to heaven.' To svhioh this young fellow replied, 'I do not fancy it, I know it.' Thero was a glorious ring of certainty about that. There was no helping or speculating. Our sins are real, God grant that we may have a religion that is equally real. I do not like a man who blushes and stammers, and beats about the bush, and hums and haws when I ask him about religion, God help us to trust in Him, that we may truBt in Christ and realise the truth of Eis own words that He will not cast us out, Let me tell you, in conclusion, an incident that hap pened when Mr. Moody was preaching. Some meohanio, who did not enjoy the henefit of tho eight hours movement, was going home from work. Curiosity temp ted him to force his way into the crowded hall in which Mr. Moody was speaking, and he Btood with his back against tho door. Just at that moment Mr. Moody put out his hand. It seemed as if he were addressing him: 'Will you take eternal life as a gift?' said Mr. Moody. The man felt it Buoh a direct question that he said: 'Eternal life as a gift. Will I take it? I shall be a great fool if I don't.' And in that blunt and simple way he resolved to throw himself on the meroy of God, and received it. That was some years ago. To-day he is a happy Christian worker in Lancashire, I repeat the question, Will you receive this life, whioh is Christ, as a free gift, because God loves you so much, because He cannot help loving you? God saves us not 'because we have done anything to deserve it, but because He cannot help it, I should be Bony to preach here without quoting what seem to me to be the most beautiful words in the Bible ,? 'I, even I, am He that blotteth out thy transgression for My own sake.' 'For My own sake,' Not because you de serve it, not because you need it, or want it. God finds more pleasure in savin? than we 'in being Raved. May the desire of God be gratified this hour, for Christ's sake. 