Lower Wellomba. I jritOM Ol'R QOItllKsrOXDKKT. ! Jan. 17. It may not he generally knowu that wo have, or rather had, a society of spiritualists in these parts, and their gatherings were of quite a different character to what you associate in your mind with spiritualism. It may at once bo predicated of our local society that their methods were not such as would win for them many admiring and puzzled followers— oxcont tho Bociotv wore absent, at which times the inoro 'strangers' present tho better for anticipated 'enjoyment,' usually ending in disgust. Tho Bociety was conducted with secrecy, the greater the better, sometimes at night, again in the early mornings, and frequently during broad daylight. Ah ! those were original spiritua lists, they were. No inviting of the general public to participate in the manifestations, and ' investigate' for themselves the sub lime mysteries of spiritualism ; no table rapping ; no darkened rooms with spritos gliding ghost-like about the apartment ; no. mysterious writing upon slates concealed under the table with a piece of pencil Btuek under a toe-nail ; no gliding of spirits upon invisible wind overhead ; no such trickery was carried on by our local actors, for the simple reason they know a trick worth, not two, but a dozen. Let us suppose we desire to visit their ' plant' shall we term it. After great difficulty we find a guide, by no means an easy task, for those ' in the know' kept their knowledge to themselves, for reasons that will appear later on. Off we start on horseback, as prudence would dictate that as the best form of locomotion. We thread our way through broken trackless country for miles, down ravines, through thick brushes overhanging with vines, by spots never trodden by white man's foot, till at length we reach a spot where the undergrowth is thick, and through which no pathway leads. The guide goes softly ahead, making as little noise as possible, and presently we happen upon tho rendezvous of the spiritualists. They see us coming through the thicket, and recognising the guide, they know we are not bent on mischief. They salute us in gruff colonial fashion, and show us round their establishment. We 6eo some casks lying about, some full of the balmy nectar so ? dear to this school of spiritualists, others empty. We notice a bright fire without smoke (a careful crew this, in which each man knows his busi ness to the letter) under a vessel containing a mysterious compound, which the captain dignified by the name of ' wash,' the fumes caused by boiling passing into a metallic vessel something like a blacksmith's bellows, and thence through a curly, worm-like 'fakement' into a vessel at the far-end. This arrangement the ' audience' styled a 'mill,' or 'still' or ' swill,' or some name of similar sound. ' That's how you do it ?' we ask. ' Ay, that's the waj' we work the oracle,' remarks the captain. ' And what do you do with tho stuff in the casks ? ' we query. ' Why, we take it to Black Head and throw it into the sea as bait for sea nymphs ! The row they make when fight ing for it has given rise to the popular notion of Black Head being haunted !' This with a knowing wink to another momber of the gang. But nobody laughs, and they all speak in low tones. ' Will you try a little spiritualism ?' adds the captain. For the sake of good fellowship we assent, and he takes some ' stuff' in a pannikin from the vessel under the ' mill,' adds some water, and presents it to us. We go through the process of sipping, with sundry remarks as to its pungency. 'Raal Stingo,' remarks the captain. We bid them good-day, and ride off, the captain remarking ?' mum is the word.' As we ride away the stinging effect of the ' stingo' upon our throats is prounounced, and a general feeling of hilariousness comes over us. We reflect upon the medium's parting injunction, and having a regard for our personal safety, we resolve to strictly bear in mind 'mum's the word.' Meeting a member of the spiritualists long after, we asked how tho ' oracle' was being worked now. ' Oh ! it too hot al together,' was the reply; but whether ho meant the weather, or the pungency of the 'stingo,' or tho vigilonco of thirsty spies, wo were left to conjecture. Anyway we con cluded that a gang of pirates as undesirable as any that ever infested the coasts of ixluiuccu was a ouiug ux tuo pact, tjiv mm - sit gloria spiritualism. The continued dryness of tho weather is having a bad effect in these parts. A fine thunderstorm passed ovor a week ago, but the heated earth sopped up tho rain like a sponge. Grass is dying off very quickly, and water is not too plentiful. Stock look fairly well, and on tho whole appear to hold their own. Mr. George Taylor had a painful experi ence one day last week. Ho was down in the bush, and had just felled a tree, and was clearing off some broken limbs prior to cutting tho trunk through at the head, when a broken limb hanging in another tree came down upon his head, inflicting a contused wound several inches long and lacerating the flesh. He was in a stooping position, and tho forpo of falling timber was broken by his back and shoulders. Had he been standing upright, he must have been killed. As it was he was struck down uuconscious, lying thero for some time. When he came to he waB in a dazed condition, and was thus found by a passer-by, who brought in the information, and he was conveyed home. Mr. Taylor is improving, though the wound is very sore._ 