ANIMAL LIKES ? AND DISLIKES. Instance! of purely iustinotive, inexplicable antipathy between animals are naturally nob ' common, but thure are very marked and dellnita examples. It is quitu impossible to accouut for tboiutenao disgust nhich tbe camel excites in horses. It is far more difficult to accustom horses to woik with camels than with elephants, pre cisely because the repugnance is a nstuial antipathy, and Hot a rensened tear Thoy geb used to the sight of an elephant, but tho smell of a camel disgusts aud frightena them. Eng lish horses irhiob have uever seen a oamel rofuse ta approach ground where they have stood. Recently a travelling menagerio was refused leave to encamp on a. vilbgo green in Suffolk, not because it waa not welcome, for a wild bonsr show is always vastly popular, but because tho green waa also the site of a maiket, and tho farmer*' gig-horsos invariably refused to be driven across it after oamels bud itood there. Yet two bears wero bt ing exhibited iu Harley strtet, London, and no horse showed any fear of them. Ono horse almost touched tbo farmer bear, but neither it nor tho team of u fourin hand which passed showed any norvousneAs. The hatred of all cattle for dogs is very marked. Thero is no doubt that this is a. last ing inheritance from tho days in which their calves were constantly killed by wolves or wild dogs. In India iDstaacta of sportsmen seeing tho oew-boru calf, with its mother defending it from wolva;, occur in mo«t books on jungle sport, and tho hatred of tho ' canidro ' assu ciated with tbu strongest animal instinct, the love of tbeir young, uns never been effaced among cattle even in England, where the lust wolf was killed in the daysof Henry VII. Whyy the horse not only docs net share this anti pathy, but, on the contrary, loyei a dog, it is difficult to explain. Mont of the keepers at tbe Zoo are agreed that those animals which exhibit marked likes or dislikes for visitors have tbe strongest possible antipathy to black men. Children they also dislike, but for the obvious ronson that tbe children tease them. Ib has long been noticed tbat all tbe monkeys bate a negro ; but the experiment was recently tried on a. largo scale, and tbe scope of animal antipathy for tho dark-skinned racea was found to extend far boyond tbe monkey-bouse. When Mr. Hagenbeck's Semalis were at tho Crystal Palace they were invited one Sunday to see the Zoo, whither they wefat, occompasiod by Mr. Menzies, the African explorer and hunter, who had brought them from Somali land. There waa nothing to wbich ti.o moat sensitive Eureptan could object ia tbu appear ance «f theso free, half-Arab tribesmen, und much tbat was most attractive, i They wero straight ond tall ; they hud bigb no-en. One eyes, white teeth, and a 'skin the colour of a not quite ripe black grapp. . They were ntriot Moslems, exquisitely cleanly, washing con stantly nob only their limbs aa(l bodies, but tbeir teeth and hair. Tboy drrsaoil in tbo whitest of lineu, and carried wcapoio of tbe brightest Meol, spending tLcir flpuro momenta in polishing cither thise or Ibtir teeth. They did nob smoke, they did nob drink, and tbo large room in wlicb aorao thirty of Ibrmji'rpt was as sncot as a hsylof t ; an:l they much 'ob- jected to tbe British working-man coming into their room, because his clothes were diity. When all this gallant compuny of dark men entered tho lioc-houee thero wan an uproar. The aoimnls were furitus. They roared with , rage. The apes and monkeys were frightened and angry. The antelopeB wero alarmed, and even the phlegmatic wild cattle' were ? xcitcd. They recognised their natural enemies, tho ' darkslciiined men who havo hunted them for a thousand centuries in the jungles and the hunb, and with whom their own pareutB did baltlo wben they wern captured aad carried off cnplivo iu tho Nubian deserts ; and like tbe Grecian ghosts at tbe sight of ./Eneas in tho Miades, they raised a war-cry, though tbe sound did not die in tbeir throats. Animal antipathy is thus oloiuly correlated with like eaiotioua in man. It may bo traced in all its variations from purely imtinctivo and physical distaste, tbe dislike for tbo camel felt by tho horse being much on a par niib that felt by a Southern white for a South American negro, to its rational climax in antipathy based un danger known to animals and men blike, and exhibited in the common and iuttnio horror of the poisonous snnke. A lame monkey has been known to drop down in a dead faint when sud denly confronted with a snake. This sounds almo&tr; too human ; but fainting in auddeo terror, though rare among animali, in whicll this form of pauic moro often cauues paralysis of tbe limbs, ia not confined Io monkeys. Grey parrots, whioh are 1 igbly nervous birds, will drop from the peroh and lose consciousness under any strong impulse of (right. 