THE WIZARD OE WHITE CLIFFS. [Copyright.} ft WEIRD STORY OF THE DISCOVERY OF THE AUSTRALIAN OPAL FIELDS. AN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL. BY CAPTAIN LACIE. ? -« PART IV. , The work of getting the injured man out of the jungle was a difficult task, and not accomplished without infinite labour. When the open was reached, Nora found that another disaster had occurred. ' Her horse had broken away affrighted at the turmoil, and was now probably gallop ing back to Salvator Station, or per hans to Fitzgerald's home. This was indeed a serious matter, for the girl's intention was to have Forbes mounted on her horse, and thus convey him to Mount Pluto. Under the circumstances she was in a dilemia. Her first impulse was to leave Forbes at the camp of the blacks' and then go on ahead for her father's help. The manager, however, would not hear of this. ' If you do that, Nora, the brutes will surely murder me. Anything is better than that,' he gasped. ' Then I'll get one of t^e natives to go, and I'll stay with you, James,' she replied. The manager of Salvator Station apparently had a nervous horror of the blacks and vowed that he felt himself getting stronger — strong enough, in fact, to walk to Mount Pluto. As a proof of his words, the man summoned all his resolution, ^nd it seemed to the girl as if he might be able to accomplish the walk. In her inmost mind she dreaded leaving him with the people who had such a hatred against him, and seeing his distress, Nora resolved to make the desperate venture. It was quite ten miles from the spot to the cottage of Allan Fitz gerald, and the road was not by any means a good one. It was clear enough, but very hilly, and under the circumstances it was 1 little better than a forlorn hope to attempt the journey. ' I would rather die by the way, Nora, with you at my side, than be butchered by the black scoundrels yonder. You'll find I can do it i right enough,' spoke James Forbes in a low voice as the party came abreast oi the natives' camp. This decided the girl, and after thanking her sable friends who had assisted the wounded man out of the scrub, Nora gave her arm to Forbes and they slowly made their way towards the Glen of Shadows. The road brought them within forty yards of the point at which the concealed body of blacks had rushed out upon the manager when he assaulted the two representatives of the tribe with the stockwhip. Something caused Nora to glance at this spot, and as she did so the girl paused, and with outstretched arm, pointed towards it. Look !' she gasped. ' There is Abel Sutcliffe!' ' Abel Sutcliffe!' repeated Forbes in amazement, not unmingled with horror. 4 Abel Sutcliffe I Good God! what are you talking about, Nora?' A violent shudder passed through the man's frame as he spoke, and with half averted face his eyes followed the direction of the out stretched arm, but nothing met his gaze. ?This trouble has turned your brain, Nora, or surely you wouldn't talk like that Abel Sutcliffe has been dead these two years. You know I saw hffn killed off the cliff on the Black Range.' There was a curious expression on the man's face as he spoke, and it was one not pleasant to see. In spite of the .words there was a haunted expression in Forbes's eyes as he looked furtively around, but the girl did not notice it. She was gradually recovering the composure so rudely disturbed at what she thought was the face of a man long since dead peering out of the scrub ather. : r~ It was indeed that apparition, so she told her parents, which had caused her the mental worry and agony during that terrible journey to Iter home. Her unexpected statement seemed to give Forbes unnatural strength, for instead of leaning on the girl he almost pulled her along until the entrance to the pass was reached. The ends, or rather the handles of the spears, had been cut off when Forbes was found in the scrub, and it was scarcely a task which the girl could undertake to remove the heads. For half an hour both walked on in silence until the Glen of Shadows was passed, and then Nora saw that the resolute spirit which had animated Forbes was rapidly dying away. It was now four o'clock in the afternoon, and there was yet some three hours of light — ample enough for the journey to strong and uninjured people. With each step, however, Forbes's strength declined, until the girl had almost to carry him. As night fell the situation became almost desperate, and more than once Nora suggested that she should push on ahead and bring back her father. This the manager refused in absolute terror, and almost begged the young woman to remain with him no matter what might happen. Bad as Nora was herself, she could realise that Forbes was suffering as much mentally as he was physically, which is saying a good deal. Two or three times she heard her companion muttering in a half delirious fashion, « Abel Sutcliffe— Abel Sutcliffe' — and this name re vived a curious feeling of terror in her own mind, for had she not seen the face of the dead man. The two weary travellers were five miles from Fitzgerald's cottage when the latter stood outside their wild home and saw the sun sink like an arrow in the west, flushing the peak of Mount Pluto with brazen glory. It was nearly five hours later when, as the reader already knows, Forbes and Nora staggered into the clearing at the cottage after a journey which neither ever forgot. ' And did ye rarely see the face of Abel, Nora ?' . asked Mrs. Fitz gerald next morning as she and her daughter stood outside the cottage and surveyed the glorious sur roundings. ' I did, mother.' ' Shure it must av bin a ghost, Nora. Abel has bin dead agoin* on two years,' spoke Mrs. Fitzgerald. ' It was his face sure enough, mother, though the trouble might have upset me. Yet why should I think of Abel Sutcliffe ? Though I knew him well by sight, I scarcely ever spoke to him.' 'They say, mavourneen, that a body unburied walks — that is, the spirit walks,' slowly answered Mrs. Fitzgerald, lifting her eyes heaven ward. 'Wasn't he buried,, then? How did he eome by bis death, mother? Shure I've never heard the rights of it,' questioned the daughter, with eagerness. ' Here's your father, Nora. Shure he'll tell ye all about it, for be went to look for poor Abel, God rest his sowl,' came the answer. \- Allan Fitzgerald had just come out of the hoase while the eonversation was in progress, and he seemed not a little disturbed at) wbat his daughter had told him on the previous evening. It was not the attack by the blacks on James Forbes which surprised him. In fact, that was a trouble he long expected, for the manager brought the enmity of the natives on his own shoulders. Fitzcerald had more than once warned Jiim that sooner or later he would meet with a violent end at the hands of the outraged natives, and the previous evening's affair was but a realisation of prophesy. It was the remarkable statement of Nora regarding the apparition of Abel Sutcliffe that caused something like a feeling of consternation to rise in the superstitious mind of the Irishman. It was clear to him that Nora must have some strong foundation for what she said. His daughter was singularly strong-minded in that respect, being very dissimilar to her parents. She was not in the habit of dreaming dreams or seeing visions, and puzzle his brains as he would, Allan Fitz gerald could not evolve any reasonable solution of the problem. Indeed, to his mind, the only solution was that Abel Sutcliffe was alive ; but if that were the case, why should he volun tarily isolate himself from his fellow men ? There was no earthly reason for such action unless the man was mad. ' Ye want to know the story of Abel Sutcliffe, Nora, an' shure there's little to tell ye,' spoke' the giant when asked the question by his wife. ' 'TiB now nigh onto two years since the poor sowl disappeared. He was a boundary rider at the Black Range side, and lived with his wife in the cabin I once showed ye. Two years ago come next month Mr. Forbes and Ted Reynolds went on a visit to the out huts, among them bein* Abel's. From what the manager towld us afterwards, himself with Ted and Sutcliffe were searchin* the ranges after stray cattle when Abel slipped down one of thim, divilish pits near the head av the range. His mates did all they could to save bim, but 'twas only bis death cry they heard as he slipped into the gulf.' ' The gulf, ffilhei ! What do you mean by tint V asked Nora. ' The crcvice, thin, Nora, worse than that on Macgillicuddy's Reeks, wheie ould Nick once dropped. There's holes in the bare rock on that range which haven't any ending to thim. 'Twas down one of these traps poor Abel fell, an' his mates couldn't do anything for him. Next day we all went out wid ropes, but we might as well have tried to get him out av the bottomless pit. He was dead long afore he got to the bottom av the place, and as for the body, we couldn't give it a Christian burial. We said a few prayers over the spot and dropped a handful of earth where we thought the crathur might be a-lyin', and shure we could do no more,' concluded Allan. ' Betwane you, me, and the door post, it was p'raps better lie did come to a quick end, for 'twas a vagabond av a wife the poor man had,' inter rupted Mrs. Fitzgerald with visible indignation. ' Howld yer tongue, Mary, an' don't judge people. The woman may have bin good enough,' retorted Allan. * An a quare way sne naa av showin' it. Shure her conduct at the homestead was a disgrace. 'Twas little she thought av poor Abel an' his end to go afore his God widout the blessin' av the church,' answered Mrs. Fitzgerald. ' What are we going to do about Mr. Forbes ? He's very bad, father,' interrupted Nora, skillfully changing the conversation. ' There's only one thing to be done. I'll ride over to the station and report what's happened and get all the aid I can. I'm goin* now for the horse, an* while I'm away ye can nurse him as well as ye can. There's little to be done, an' I'll be back by night,' answered Fitzgerald. This was the only thing that could be done, and within half an hour the Irishman was riding down the slope of Mount Pluto along the track lead ing to the homestead of Salvator Station. He bestrode a sturdy cob, and made good progress. On reach ing the eastern edge cf the Glen oi Shadows, Allan at once saw that tbe camp of the blacks had been struck. This is what he expected, though had they been present the wizard would not have attempted to molest them. In his heart he . felt that Forbes deserved what he got, and even if the aborigines had killed the manager he would not have considered the crime a very heinous one. Curiosity regarding the statement Kit Mrtro tmnolloil tA make a most minute examination of the spot at which the girl said the spectre or substance of Abel Sutcliffe had appeared. There were evident signs that the place had been fre quented by human beings but a short time previously, yet, of course, that fact threw no light on the matter. That a number of blacks had been lurking in the scrub he knew, but there were no indications to show that Abel Sutcliffe, either in body or spirit, had been at the place. Two hours later he reached Salvator Station, at which he found some little commotion in consequence of the non-return of Forbes. The manager had made certain arrangements for the entertainment of his guests on the previous evening, and it was not like him to disappoint them. While some thought he had gone the whole journey with Miss Fitz gerald and did not care to return in the darkness, there were others who regarded bis absence in a more serious light. They knew the antipathy which the tribes of natives in the dis trict had to him, and it was just possible they might have waylaid him when returning to the station alone. The news brought by the Irishman confirmed, those fears, and at once arrangements were made to afford relief to Forbes and punish his attackers. This latter action was regarded coldly by Fitzgerald, and he did not hesitate to express his feelings on tbe subject. They had no weight, however, with the station hands, for they already knew his opinions on the native question. Captain Barrass and his son ex pressed their intention of accompany ing Fitzgerald back to the lonely cottage. The old military man was, in fact, peculiarly pleased to meet the strange dweller of Mount Pluto, and the appearance of the ' wizard ' visibly impressed the captain. His residence in India had made him partial to the supernatural, for he had often seen the wonders of Hindoo magic practised. Indeed, the Yazofs of that land had performed miracles — or what seemed miracles — before him which were simply astounding' to western imaginations. To Be Continued. 