A CHOST IN THE LAW COURT. One of tb* most celebrated Assize cases arose out of a murder committed ia Warwickshire. A farmer, on bis return; from the market at Southern, was nurdered. A man 'went the next morning to his wife, and inquired -if her husband came home tbe evening before. She replied n«, and tbat she was under the utmost aoxietv und terror «n that account. Yiulr terror, said be. cannot equal mine, for last night, sr 1 lay in my bed, quite awake, the apparition of your hus band appeared to me, febowed tae several sUbs in his body, told aie be bad bees murdered by each a person, and his carcase thrown into such a marl pit. Tbe alatm was given, tbe pit seaiohed, the bady. found, the wouuds answered tbe description ef them. The man whom the f htst had accused was apprehended, aud com mitted cu a violent suspicion s-f murder. His trial came on at Warwick betore the Lord Chief Justice Kaym»d,' when tbe Jury would hue convicted, as rashly as tbe Justice ot tbe Peace had committed him, had not the Judge checked them. He addressed himself in words to ttis purptae : ' I think, gentlemen, yeu seem inclined to lay more stress *u tbe evideuce el an apparition tbau it will bear, 1 cauuot say tbat I give much credit to these kind of stories ; but, be tbat as it will, we kare no right to follow our own private opmiuu heie ; we are now in a Court of Law, and must determine according to it ; aud I kuow act of atiy law uow in being wbich will admit of the testimony of an appariticiu ; nor yet, if it did, tiotli tie gbsst appear to give evidence. Crier,' said he, ' call tbu ghost !' wbicb was tbrice done, but to no purpese. It appeared not, ' Geatlraicu of tbe jury,' con tinued the judge, ' tbe prisoner at the bar, ss yun have heard, by undeniable witnesses is a man of unblemished character ; nor hatu it appeared, in tbe course of the ei*niini»liou,thst time was any manner of quarrel or grudge be tween him aad the party deceated. I do verily believe him to be perfectly iQaoceat ; and, as there is no evidence sgainst his, either positive or circumstantial, he mutt be acquitted. But from circumstances which have arises during tbe trial, I do strongly suspect the geutleman whu saw ths apparition was bimself the mur derer, in which case he might easily ascertain the pit, tbe stihe.&o.;, without any supernatural assistance ; and on such suspicion 1 shall think mjtfilf juslilied in committing him to close custody, till tbe matter cnu be further inquired into.' Tbis waa immtdiately dtne, md a n&iraDt; granted 1st searching his house, wben such strong proofs sf guilt appeared against him, that he confessed tho minder, nnd was sentenced te be executed at the next assizes. 