AUSTRALIAN CHURCH. In the I.O.O.F, Temple last evening, in the presence of a large congregation, the Rev. George Walters, after a discourse on .. What is the Higher Spiritualism ?" made a reference to Archbishop Red- wood's views regarding Protestants. The facts of the case showed, said the preacher, that the priests would make statements before their own congrega- tions which they hesitated to make before a gather- ing of notable Protestants, because the latter would be able to put the proper value upon such utterances, He (Mr. Walters) did not altogether blame the Roman Church for attacking Protestants, because it showed her splendid consistency. An authoritative Church must be au- intolerant and a persecuting Church. During the week one of the prelates had been telling' them that toleration and freedom were watchwords of the Church of Rome. They were pleased to hear it; but the would suggest that such doctrine should be carried to Spain, to Italy, and to other countries where it might be appreciated. Archbishop Redwoods charges referred chiefly to immorality and stopping the progress of science. The first item might be answered by the fact that immorality flourished most in countries dominated by the . priesthood. With regard to stopping the advance of science or human thought generally, the preacher said he would, in fancy, call up the shades of the departed. Let Galileo rise and tell the story of his recantation. Let Bruno tell how he was burned to death in the year 1600. Let them call the countless martyrs of the reign of Bloody Mary, of the Inquisition, See., and then, as those pale ghosts arose, and as they listened to the priestly utterance, a blush of indignation came upon their cheeks, and, in one vast chorus, they respond -" 'Tia false. By the memory of all we suffered, and by all the history of the long sad centuries 'is false NEWCASTLE, Sunday. Pulpit references were made at a number, of churches of the district to-night to the views expressed by Archbishop Redwood with respect to the Protestant faith. _^_____ v 