TALKS WITH THEATRICAL FAVORITES. ? I EEMINISCENCES OF POPULAR I ACTORS AND ACTRESSES. , (By a 'SUNDAY TIMES' SPECIAL.) MR. CHARLES ARNOLD. Mr. Charles Arnold, 'the popular come dian, who is nightly packing the Palace with 'What Happened to Jones,' was born on Christmas Day, 1858, at Lucerne, in ? Switzerland, his father being a captain of the Swiss Legion during the Crimean War. However, the lad was not many years old when his parents migrated to New York, wihere he was educated, and had five years' experience in a law office before entering into the drama tic profession. His first pro fessional ap pearance was made at tha Brooklyn Thea tre with F. B. Conway's Com pany in Sep tember, 1873, when he sup ported Edwin Booth in a round of his famous imper sonations, and ?he remained at that theatre for over two years, ?playing in tra gedy, drama, burlesque, and comic opera, thus gaining valuable experience. Then Mr. Arnold became manager of the Academy of Music in Montreal, and remained there for several years, after which, in 1880, he join ed Banlon-Lees for their famous 'Voya£t en Suisse.' Two years later he became associated with Miss Minnie Palmer by ap pearing as Tony in 'My Sweetheart,' a part ?h'e played for forty weeks at the London Strand, and for three years on 'tour. Since Chen the movements of Mr. Arnold are too well known to need recapitulation, suffice it to say that it -was. during a visit to New York in 1S97 that ho saw 'What Happened to Jones,' and, with his know ledge of public taste, immediately secured it for England and' Australia, with the re sult that it has added thousands of pounds 'to his banking account.- Apart from being tfhe funniest piece 'he has.- ever appeared in, . it. ;has proved- the greatest money-maker that lie has ever 'handled.' Naturally enough, Mr. Arnold has had many interesting experiences during his career. 'It was at Kingston, Jamaica,' said the comedian in the course of a dhat with a 'Sunday Times', representative, 'that I. had one of the most exciting incidents in my life. It was my first earthquake shock, and very frightened I was, too. I was sitting, at 2 o'clock in fihe morning, in my hotel when it occurred. I could not help being struck by 'the. intense silence Which pre vailed before and during the shock. Every one seemed to be too awestruck to utter a word, but afterwards there was a panic and screaming. 'From Jamaica I travelled .'through the West Indies and South America. While on one of my voyages I was an eye-witness of a thrilling incident during a burial at sea. Out steamer stopped at Trinidad, en route for Demerara, and a young, newly-married couple came on board. During the voyage ; the lady was taken ill, and died. Ou't of re spect to 'the husband, instead of sewing the body in la sack, a coffin was made, and the body placed inside. Unfortunately, the shots, were placed in the interior of the coffin, and When, a't the proper moment in the burial service, it was 'tilted into tlie sea, the shots broke through tlie lower portion of the coffin, and at once the body itself was seen to shoot into the water. A second after wards, in the presence of the grief-stricken husband, and to the horror of those as sembled, a shark rcse, and. snapping at the body, carrk'tl it under. It wii3 wit'h the greatest difficulty the poor young husband was prevented from jumping overboard. 'While with- a stock cc-mpany at Mont real, early iii my carecr, I also managed the front of the house. After the performance it was my duty to count the house, then probably take a sleigh and go down to tlie newspaper office of the town, change the ?advertisements, -and see that our doings were being kept before the public, then home to my hotel for supper, after which I would frequently study a new part until I fell asleep over it. The company often used to laugh at me, and tell me I always had my mind on the box-office, and whenever I was on the stage used to count the house by habit. One rather good story was told against me When I was playing the small pai't of Lenox in 'Macbeth.' You remember When Macbeth sees the ghost of Banquo sitting in his chair, he says 'The table's full.' I, as Lenox, had to reply, 'Here is a place reserved, my Lord,' but I did not fol low the text My thoughts were on the front of the house, and I said, 'Here is a reserved seat, my Lord.' - This 'happened- at reheaiual, but the yarn is told as having happened at night, and it. is always a pity to spoil a good story by insisting on accu racy. ? 'But to revert to my 'tour of the West Indies. There was an incident in connec- j lion 'therewith which I 'had forgotten. At the invitation of 'the Governor of the Penal Settlement at British Guiana, I. spent a few weeks witlh him. Ho placed a crew of natives at my disposal, and I explored the country. Two men at the settlement par ticularly interested me — Prisoner No. 1, be- | cause lie ivas the only white prisoner at the settlement. He was serving seven years for throwing a coolie into the river by way of a joke. It was no joke, however, for the coolie, for a shark was on the watch, and made a nieal of him. Prisoner No. 55 also interested me, but for quite another reason. The crime for which he was there was dia bolical. He was a coolie, and by trade a pork butcher. He gained his living by sell ing pickled pork in small quantities to the coolie planters. For some reason he was on bad term's with his 'Wife, and suddenly she mysteriously disappeared. Search was made for her, but without avail. The hus band plied his trade as usual, -and did not seem anxious for his spouse's return. Sus picion fell upon him, and an examination of his house led to the horrible— you may doubt it, but it is perfectly true— discovery that he bad killed his wife and .cut. the. body to pieces. Which he had put into pork bar rels, and afterwards sold, mixed with the pickled pork !' After narrating many of his recent ex citing experiences in South Africa, most of which, however, have already appeared in the 'Sunday Times,' Mr. Arnold concluded with 201 amusing story in connection with ?his clergyman's costume in 'What Hap pened to Jones.' ? 'I wanted to bo perfectly correct,' ha said, 'and for that purpose I went to one of the best-known tailors in London. The cutting-room was full of Divines, from bishops down to curates, dear old gentle men, and timid-looking Robert Spaldings. I was almost the only man in mufti. Ad dressing the cutter, I remarked: 'I wish the gaiters and knickers very tight, as I have to put on my commercial traveller's trousers over t'hem. There must be onV about four buttons on the waistcoat, the rest to be dummies, as I have to do a quick change in the wings. At this the .gentlemen rose, metaphorically. The dear old dean looked alarmed . through 'his big gold glasses;. II19 ciirates looked, like frightened fawns, for never had they seen such a fel low priest before. In due course I receive- alt my private address my clerical costume addressed to' the Rev. Charles Arnold, for such is the force of habit that 'the clerks in the establishment had forgotten 'that I was only playing at being a priest.' 