lm 'SCftuMB' bF iJOl)- | (A. Baratb '^timaf Oh6sh,' iu ^ie 'Daily ? 1 - E*)foe»i''' JuJy 12.) - ?; ] At this moment, from tlie' batiks of (be Godavcrj- to the waters sf tbCStitlcdj, ill luilia is a desert, fcixty nulliottii of people, on lar^e a^iumbor oe «dald i«ict fill Kngland and Wales, are raked witb tbe pangs of hunger; bix miilions would , die to-morrow but for a bandful of rice. How many more have paused away be yond the reach . of human aid, no man can teil. ln Central India the affliction ii tbe deepeut. The iieltk are void aod barren, and without people. The craokcd earth, burnt to a mahogan} hromd, sbfieks for rain. Not a patch of green anywhere, not a blade of grass. The leaves -rf the trees, wi thered, friz zled, tm-ibtcd, have fallen off tbe naked branches. In entire village; not a living told can lie «seen, save, perhaps, an emac iated bullock breathing out its life in the company of a starving crow, that wat ches for its last gasp from an adjacent dung-heap. Half tbe population, those Srtiil able to walk or staud, bave gone oS to tbe relief canqn ; the other, half bare; laid themselves down to die in silence in. hovels and dark iilacct. The scenes in the- camp arc grim and tragic. From one thourand to fire thou sand arc gathered together in different ! plates — a multitude of »kin and hones, end hollow glam-.v eyes. The flesh -on any of tbem would not cover the body of an average English babe. Tbeir emaciated fsccN bear the expression of abysmal de lta ir, intensified a hundredfold by con trast vith tbe look jrf intelligence and even of refinement even in those not so : far gone in 'starvation.- Little clrildreD, tvlto liave come witSi their mothers into, the connj), stand «-itb large lustreless.: eyes; watching tbe hungry, mangy curs, : tbat, too. bave followed in the wake of the population — and they fight with the ours to snatch a lialf-eatcn crust. The usual labour in tbe camp is breaking rocks, the largest 'half a. .hundredweight. A large heap comprising a .dozen big rocks, tbe largest 'half a hundredweikht, is a man's allotted task ; a lesser heap, a ?woman's; half a ihan's heap is a djild's. And theee .stones bave to be broken up so small as to mak macadam roads. j A traveller was ipassiug by the camp, I a sturdy young Englishmen. He notioed a man sitting before his unbroken heap, ' ?with his arms thrown dejectedly over his knees. A few yards off was a girl of eight ineffectively tapping a robble stono witb a small mallet. The traveller took in the situation, and asked tbe man for his Stammer. Tlie half-starred croa- | ?turo's hamls tromblod weakly in merely raising tbe hammer, and the young Eng lishman, atihlete though be was, essayed a dozen vigorous blows before he could split tbe rock. But be stayed an hour, and broke up the man's heap and the girl's. And now a new terror was addrd to tlie sufferings of the multitude. So far tJiey bad water to drink ; now flic shal low wells, dug with spades and mattocks, bad yielded up tbeir last drop. The -jnmp Iliad 310 *ci4ntjfic apparatus for { lioring deep artesian wells. And the heat T*as terrific ; 150 deg. in the sun. i The sun was a ball of fire 111 a sky ol cop per. Tho thirsty multitude gazed up wards Tnth lolling tongues, but saw not a rain- cloud anywhere. Maddened with unutterable pain, they broke forth in search of water. In a body they deserted the eamp. Hunger was bad; thirst a thousand times worse. Far across the fields thev roamed in groups of tens and twenties. At last a cry of joy was heard ; it came from a party makinkg towards a clump of trees and low bushes. All within icar-sbot rushed tbat way. In the centre of the little jungle was a stagnant pool— tbe remains of last years rains, protected from the fiorcc sun by tlie overhanging trem and tall bamboo reeds. But the v nter was a yellowish green, covered with a threefold layer of totting leaves. It fas all (.live with flying, creoping things, and buzzing with 1)1 u ('-winged flies. In to this the multitude cast themselves, and lapped up the wat.'r greedily wifh tbeir tongues. That night cholera broke out iu the camp — -''Black cholera,' t liat tortures its victims with untold agonies before releas ing them by death. Jts only mercy ib tliat it is so short; sometimes three hours, at most six. That night- the multitude laid themselves down by tbe roadside. Most of thent wore in bare loin clothes ; here and there one lay shrou ded in a white sheet like a silent ghost. Tho beat was 110 in the shade, and this all night. Tbe unwilling moon shone aliko upou dead and dying. Not a breath of .wind stirred 'tlie dust-motes tbat bung iu tho air like paintod spots against the sk.v. After a while the English doctor came. He felt a pulse here, examined a distended eyeball there, thook bis bead in silence, and jiassed on. Only a few re ceived a dose from tbe black bottles liis assistant earned. The others awaited tbeir turn— some lying still in callous apathy, some struggling up witb feverish eyes, to read tbeir doom in tbe doctor's facc. Suddenly a low moan whs heard in the palpitating silence— from some poor poor wretch who liad read his death war rant. The cry passed from inoutb to mouth. Eleven 'hundred moans shook the bot air, eleven hundred cowering forms swayed -from side Ho side in agonis ing terror. It was blaok despair and panic now. A sudden panic, appalling in its intensity. The eleven hundred roso up, nil but the dead, and fled into th» night — some tottering and falling, rifting again in vain effort, the cast prone upon tile earth — some reeling like drun ken men, btdping each other with locked bands, like the blind leading the blind. Bnt all fled into tbe jungle, the wbite. pitiless moon shining upon the huddled heaps that marked the fugitives' flight along th© fields. And there was none to bury them or Intra them. «But from afar off there arose the omi nous sound — hoarse screrches and flap ping wings. It was a flock of vultures, starving, fierce, fighting one another ?w ith claw and talon to get down first to do their horrid woife. * * * ? This was done in tlie green wood : what shall it be Goid -of tbe dry? Who Shall speak of tbe pains of those who re mained in the village Respectable wo men, veiled from the eyes of men, who to dig were not able, mid to beg were ?shamed ! And when, the hot, sleepless night came upon the men, they had at least tbe roadway to lie Upon. But wbat of the unseen -women, who panted be suwth low, flat roofs of red brick walls f And wh&t; ct tb» children f — for where tbe *oww «re, thsre are the sillimi «l*o. 