BREVITIES. Business seemed to he fairly active, locally, on Saturday night. The fact that Saturday was a general " pay " accounts for this. The weather still remains generally fine. There is a light touch of frost- at night, hut the days have been bright, elenr, and warm. Judging by recent performances Jjithgow should now bo able to put a rifle team in the field which "would takc a.lot of boating." . - Several of our country exchanges absolutely deride the Litligow railway ghost,- /.arid- soine go. so far as to doubt his existence. This is" an un-.' 'Bqlieving ago.-,. - >' K-:/Mr. E. M.';;Colicns\C.P.S., and Binds agent)' "expects to 1)6 able to obtain his lciiyo from the" .LYtli inst. The name of. Ins successor is not yet definitely known. . Major Turner, Sydney divisional officer, will lecture on "The Wails of "City Life" in the local Army barracks next Friday night. Tho admis sion for adults is only sixpence. Mr. A. T. Sutton had on sale at his shop last Saturday some very fine mutton which lie pur chased at Bathurst show. They were first prize lakers and wero exceptionally prime and heavy carcases. A social evening will be hold in Litligow- Odd- fcHows'-hajl on Monday, Juncd,. Tlio pro gramme, to bo published later on, \vill be both varied and appetising. The proceeds will be in aid of convent repairs. At tho local lands office last week David Evans, of Litligow, applied for an annual lease of 320 acres in the parish of Marrangaroo. George Tolhurst, of Mcgalong, applied for 500 acres (annual lease) in tho parish of Megalong. Wo noto by the daily papers that tlio sheep sent to-Homebush by Mr.. 11. Bryant, of Blaxland Swamp, last week, topped the market. Six of them brought tlio high price of 00s eacli,- while the . others varied in price from 20s to 24s each. We hoar that an effort will bo made within a week or . two to form a choral society in this town. There have been several societies of this kind in tho past, but through one cause or an other, although they attained a high degree of excellence, they soon died out. Tlicro should bo a good opening for a choral society in Litligow. Attention is directed to tho advert, in this issue, announcing that Mi-. McAdoo's celebrated Georgia .Minstrel Combination will open in Litligow on next Tuesday, for two nights only. On Tuesday night tlicro will bo a grand minstrel performance, and on ' Wednesday the great drama, " Uncle Tom's Cabin," will be produced. Ifepplc's Flat is still much agitated over the question of access to the town. One resident informs us that only three persons on the Flat arc in favor of the proposed new scheme. Last week, .on the other hand, wo- wore told that 48 out of OtT wero in "favor of it. ' If'Hcpple's Flat has any niiii3"Tq mako up oil ill o'' matter it is about time that these differences of opinion were settled by tho people declaring in favor of what tlioy really do want. 