WAB INCIDENTS. -0 iPfesident Kruger, in his speech at the opening of the Rands session of 1900, re- ferred to the death of General Joubert, and said futuro generations would be able to judge the deceased general, whose de- meanour inspired the enuray with humane and brave conduct. He (the President) was struck -with the proof of sincere friend- ship of tko Free State, which had fulniled Its obligation to the Transvaal «ander exist- ing treaties. Ho had full confldeuce in the future of the Afrikander nation, and stated that the Free State by -its deeds had shown a good example to the people of this Re .pubilc, which is of great moral -value to those who follow the efforts of the smaller Republic to ietain its independence. He was, pleased to state that the relations with foreign States were friendly, except with Great -Britain. Referring to his peace pro- posals to Loid Salisbury, Use -President said: -We proved by legislation and dealings with Great Britain last year that our de- sire was to preseive peace. Now that war had broken out they will do everything to restore peace. t A nurse attached to the Imperial Yeo- manry Hospital at Deelfontein writes to " The Hospital Nursing Mirror" :-" In all the tales the men tell, two facts are brought Into striking prominence-one is 'the great love that is felt by all troops for dear old ' Bobs,' and the other is the affection they have for their chocolate boxes, mott of which have been carefully sent home. I heard one owner descrlie his as a ' rare fancy thing.' Needless to say, the com- forts of the hospital are much appreciated. Men who have been for months ' at the front,' and have gone through all the hard- ships those three short words imply, are grateful for every little thing ; and the generous public who have so thoughtfully supplied this as well as other hospitals with such things as tobacco, Writing materials, handkerchiefs, &c;, may rest assured that they have done much to relieve the hard lot of the suffering soldiers." - " One listens (writes -Mr. Battersby to the ' Morning BosT) to, the panting of a shell or of a bomb a quite appreciable while before the splitting,'bang announces its arrival somewhere. ' The pnnting growsv clearer and seems to grow quicker as the thing comes straight onward, till one can almost feel it in the air. That, if one is sitting still and has ever known the thing to open at one's feet, is the psychological moment for which, on a battlefield, one has the least use." The intelligence of the horse is admirably depicted In a little incident which (occurred during the siege of Ladysmith. A Boer had captured a handsome charger belonging to a squadron of Lancers, and felt-so proud of his prize that he mounted the animal and paraded it up and down in 4he presence of his comrades. Having finished the per- formance ho jumped off, threw the bridle reins carelessly over the head of the horse, and sat down ifor talk. Just then a bugle sounded from Ladysmith. The charger pricked up his ears, looked In the direc- tion from which the sound proceeded, and bolted away -so fast that in less than no time he was out of sight. His emptor flew to his feet, when too late, and tald the British -were the very incarnation of Satan. Even their horses were gifted to-(answer the call of the devil, and give them the slip. When Tommy makes a pet of any animal he sticks to it through thick and thin. On their way to Oranse .River the City Im- perials picked up a fine iblacK retriever dog. .They intended to take it with them right through the campaign, and ibring It home to England, tout were ordered either to bake the dog away or shoot it. It was a great favourite with the company, and was a capital sentry. None of the fellows would shoot it, so the dog was sent back to Fort Munster. Another pet of the regiment was a Jlttle white kitten, which earned the name of " Emergency Ration," and one of the C.I.V.'s, writing tame concerning this little animal, rwinds up thus:-"What be- came of it I do not know." The kitten's nacne is suggestive of its fate. The "'Standard's" war correspondent has' scored by securing a copy or an interesting document-namely, General de Vlllebois Maruell's plan and orders for the recapture of Boshof. We know what came of that _ , clever plan, with'all the careful details now " revealed, such as"- the cry of " Transvaal ! Free IState !" with which the French com- pany, after two volleys, was to charge and " complete tho paijlc." The panic came off, tout it was the wrong panic, and the French commander did not live to mourn his 'failure. But the most interesting point is the conclusion of this " Order for 4th A-prll" :-" Whatever happens, the assailants ' \ should remember that their superior moral is crushing, and that"-what ? Why " that even in the case of retreat they have every facility in the night -for recovering their hors«-, and departing 'Without any risk from Boshof." Mareu.il seems» to have understood the subtleties of Boer bravery. In the course of a letter from Bloemfon« tein, Mr. (Bennett Burle.-i_ii, writing to the " Daily Telegraph," says :-" We have been very severe upon those who have not tried to respect the (Boer and his property-very, rightly, too, In mast instances. . . . iMost of the cases have been trivial. There is one, I think, of real hardship, to coin no harsher phrase. (A Canadian appropriated a chicken from a fence, tree, or farmyard. I know thousands of officers and others who have done the same and nothing has been said of It. That poor Ciuadian came before a court-martial and was, sentenced to fifty six'days' hard labour for his otfence. It makes the stomachs of many ordinary re iputaible soldiers holding her (Majesty's cora ituissions turn to think they have escaped censure and have eaten of just such x ' plucked' chickens. II am-told the Canadian colonel, in (addressing his men, found no complaint with the sentence, which some- body erroneously said anight have been hanging." . _ . . -, Writing from Bloemfontein, Private T. Hurst, of the Scots Greys, says :-I had the good luck to capture six Boers myself, with not a soul'to help me. Perhaps you will wonder how I managed to do It. I really did not know myself at the time how I was doing it. Well, we were searching through a Kopje wuen x came across a smau »usn. I saw a man's legs sticking out of it, and I thought it must be a killed or wounded Boer, so I took no more notice till I got within fifteen yards. Then I gave a start, for I saw six of them iu a line lying flat looking in the opposite direction to me. As the sand was soft they did not hear me coming, so I thought, " If I go back they will shoot, and if I go forward they will do the same." I thought I might as well chance sticking one before they popped mo off, so I dug my spurs into my horse and brought my - lance to tho charge and dashed into them. The fellow I went for rolled over and sur- rendered, and I called on them to stand up and leave their arms on the ground. They did this, and I took the lot to my squadron. In a letter to .the " Morning Post," Mr. Battersby says :-Every man In the way of fire has his own likes and dislikes. Some men always bob to a bullet ; others catch their breath at a shell ; others dread the patter of a Maxim. It is not a question of _ timidity or of .deadliness, but of personal ' antipathy. ' Infantry fire is beyond all ques- tion most fatal, but many pay less heed to the whispered whistle of the bullet than to any other of the flying forms of death. There is a bird out here, a little brown bird like a hrambling, with a note that exactly mimics the Mauser, and an uncomfortable habit of fluting it in ugly places. The Lee Metford's note is nearly a third lower, and the Martini has the dull buzz of a laden bee. Between the three there can be no mistak- ing, but the Boers have four or Ave other , rifles harder to recognise. The Mauser's most melodious period is 1800 yards ; point blank it is nothing but a nasty nasal sneer, but one may be a poor judge of melody at close quarters. A flat-nosed or " Dum dummed" Mauser probably makes a sound which one attributes to some unknown rifle, but the queerest note of all comes from a Mauser spinning the wrong way after a ricochet. It Is like the coughing of a sick ghost-indescribably curdling. The worst and best of bullet music Is that one always hears it behind one. 