SOCIAL Lady Susan Gllmour, accompanlod by her Uttlo daughter and Captain Wilfrid Smith, left Sydney on Tuesday by train to cutch tho R.M.S. Rome at Adelaide. A garden party was given by Mrs. Norton Rus sell at Polham Hull, Woallahra, on Tuesday after noon, Vi-liicli was followed by an eujoyablo uanco In tho evening. " Yosterday aftornoon at tho Town-hall Miss Nancy Harris, who has always been so popular,' was presented by her girl /rlends. In vlow of her approaching marriago with Dr. Carty Salmon, with a handsome twelve-pointed diamond star pendant and an Illuminated address. Lady Ren- vlck mado the presontatlon, and Miss Harris suitably acknowledged tho gift. Tho Mayoress' room, whero tho pleasing Uttlo ceremony took place, was charmingly decorated with dowers, and refreshments wero served during tho after noon. Amongst those present wero Sir Matthew and Lady Harris. Mrs. George Harris, Miss M'Car- thy and Miss Feasor (tho honorary secretaries of tho presentation committee), and Miss Baxter and Miss Delohery (the honorary treasurers), Mrs. Norman, Mrs. Carter, Mrs. and the Misses Lano Brown, Mrs. George Cohen, Miss 11. Cohen, Mies Vonables, Mrs. Gtbbs, Miss Monro, Mrs. Lus- oombe Newman and Miss Campbell, Miss Ituby S co, Mrs. and Miss Curnow, Mrs. Weiss, Airs. Ewlng, Mrs. and Miss Meeks, Miss A. O'Connor, Miss Baxter, the Misses Klrkpatrick, and many others. -.The Victorian Cabinet Ministers havo deputed tho Postmaster- General to bo present at tlic mar riage of their colleague, Dr. Carty Salmon, who Is to be married to .Miss Nance Harris, daughter of Sir Matthew aud. Lady Harris, on Wednesday next. ' Tho monrbors of tho Metaphysical Association gave a farewell ovening on Tuesday in hoil.,f of Dr. and Mre. James P. Mills, who left Sydney on Wednesday for America by tho Alameda. There was a largo gathering, for Dr. and Mrs. Mills havo mado many friends during tlielr stay In Aus tralia. Tho room looked exceptionally artistic, with tho delicately shaded lights and bowls of arum lilies, besides a profusion of exquisitely ecen ted flowers. During tho evening Miss Camilla Seers, Mrs, Ernest Trmnan, Miss King, Mrs. Aloxandor, am Miss Ella Klrkpatrick contri buted to tho musical programme. Mrs. and Miss Pnterson, Mrs. Lo Gay Broroton, Mr. Lo Gay Biuret. m, Mrs. and Miss Curnow, Mr. Leslie Cur now, Mr. and Mrs. N. Joubort, Mr. and Mrs. R. Nail, Mr. and Mrs. .Mel lor (Adelaide), Mrs. C. W. derson, Mrs. Williams, Mr. and the Misses Klrk patrick, Mrs. Dalrymple Hay, Mrs. Morrlman, Mr. W. J. Colville, Mr. and Mrs. Cardow, Mrs, Pear son, the Misses .Mann, Miss Fowler, .Mrs. Wolfe, Mrs. Howard, Mr. Randal (Adelaide), Mrs. C. W. Oakes, Mr. and Mrs. Edwards, Miss Clements, Mrs. Garde, Miss K. Cluck, Mrs. Passmoro, Mts. Usshor, Mrs. Iladley, Mrs. Burt, Miss S. Wigney, Mrs. Hlnton, Mr. Chnrd, Mr. W. L. Newman, Mr. W. Cooper, Mr. and Mrs. T. Cooper, Mr. Cloom- flold, Mr. Mayesono, and Captain Powell wero pre-' sen t. Mrs. J. Spencer Bruntou gave a pleasant "at home" to a number of lior friends at "Winslow," Darling Point, on Monday afternoon. "The Stormy Petrol," a comedy in three nets, by Madame Gough, was performed by amateurs on Friday, 21st Instant, at BaJmaln. The Comuess von Rant sou and her friends gave a most credit able rendering of the bright and amusing little play, which was much enjoyed by a largo and fahionaWo audience. At an at homo given by Miss Hodge and Miss Nowcombc at Shirley, Edgeoliffo-road, on Tuesday aftornoon, Mr Pratt, organising secretary of the Children's Hospital, gave an Interesting address on the aims and work of that institution. His spooeh was listened to by a large gathering. Much sympathy was expressed with the movement for tho extension of the work. A number of those present took collecting cards, and others pro mised subscriptions. Among those present were Miss Macdonald, Lady Tnnes, Miss Evelyn Dick enson, Mrs. A. J. Robinson, Mrs. Puln, Mrs. and Miss Christian, Mrs. I-Iarvcy Armstrong, Mme. Rouglor, Mrs. and Mips Coles, Mrs. Northcote, Mrs. Henrlqucs, Mrs. Woods, Miss Whltfeld, Miss Vallontine, Mr. Davenport, Mrs. Bellby, Mrs. Frasor,. the Rev. A. J. GrUllchs, Mrs. and Miss Grlfllths, Mrs. Yeoinans, Mrs. Tooth, Miss Yco- -mans, and MIsb M'Crackan. Mrs. and Miss M. Birch entertained a number of friends at tho North Sydney School of Arts the other evening at a musical recital, in which they were assisted by Miss Lucia Loessel, a talented young elocutionist from London, and a pupil of tho celebrated Hermann Vczin. Mis3 Loessel gave two recitations, which wero received with much i, appreciation. Among the many present Wero Mrs. and Miss Osborne, Mi's. Shepherd- Smith, Mrs. Pockley, Mr., Mrs;, and Miss C. O. Burge, Mrs. MacFarland, Mrs. Balmaln, Mrs. and Miss Hnldon, Mr. and Mrs. I-Ilrst, Mrs. and Miss BJoralleld, Mr. and Mrs. Hardle, Mr. and Mrs Alossltcr, Mrs. Davles,- Miss Mordaunt Clarke. Mrs. Meredith, the Misses Johnson, Mr. Scales, Mrs. M'Kay, Mr, Stanley M'JCay, Mrs. Solomons, Mr., .Mrs., and Miss Buchanan, Mrs, and Miss Hanson, Mr. and Mrs. Jones, Air. Thirkeil, and othora. ' A musical and elocutionary evening was given at Tho Lawn, Sumraer-hlll, on Wednesday ovon- lng, whan tho Inaugural concert of "The Scally- wags" (a society of University undergraduates) took place. The grounds whioh led up to the IIp.Il were effectively lighted with Chlneso lan terns, and the Kali Itself was charmingly deeo- VatodJ About 260'guests. were present. The first portion of the programme (contributed to entirely by members) was occupied with musical and elo- cutlounry Items, and was opened with an original composition for the pianoforte by Mr. A. II. Mote, Avho also contributed -two other compositions, a violin solo, "Evensong," and a part song. Later in tho ovenlug, "Adola Grandisou," a one-act comedy, by Mr. Hooter Wiltshire (a member of the society) was produced in a clever manner. The guests included Mr. and Mrs. J. St. Vincent Welch, Mr. and Mrs. Wiltshire, Dr. Rain, Dr. and tho Misses Oooloy, Mr. E. It. and Miss Satchell, Miss llobortson, Mys. W. Beaumont, Dr. llall, Dr. and Mrs, Qualfo, Dp. Short, Mr., Mra., aud Miss Hardlo, Mrs. and Miss George, Jhc Misses Scrut- ton, tho Misses Chapman, Miss Bonamey, Mr. Austin, Mr. G, It. and Miss Wilson, Dr. and Mrs. Cooley, Mr. and Mrs. W, .J. B. Molo, and Miss Davis. \- A faslilonahlo wedding was colehrated at Parrn- roa'tta on Wednesday afternoon, when Miss Helen Holt, oldest daughter of the late Mr. Harvey Holt, Glen Prairie, Queensland, and grand daughter of tho lato Mr. John Smith, of Leanarth, Bathurst, axis married to Mr. llorbert Eraser Thompson, of Bathurst. Tho ceremony took place at tho clmpel of tho King's School, which was beautifully doc-orated for tho occasion. The Rev. A. II. Champion, M.A., of|lclatod, assisted by tho Rov. A. Tonge, M.A., nnd the bride was given away by lior' eldest brother, Mr. Myles Holt. She wore a liridul gown ot rich white satin nnd a wreath of orange blossoms, over which fell a beautifully embroidered tulle veil. Her bouquet was of whito carnations. Tho bridesmaids were tho Misses Edith and Gladys Holt. At tho con clusion ol the ceremony the guests drove to The Firs, tho residence of Mrs. Harvey Holt, where a reception was hold. Refreshments were served on the lawn. Among tho guests were Mr. and Mrs. Jago Smith, Captain Claude Smith, Mr. and Mrs. A'Bockett, Mr. and Mrs. Edmund Barton, Mr. Edward Smith, Mr. and Mrs. William A'lloc- ket't (Wellington), tho Misses Lance Smith, Mr., Mrs., and Miss Thompson, Lidy and Miss limes, llie Rov. A. It. and Mrs. Champion, Madame Geugli and Mr. Norman Gough, Mrs. Buruell, Miss Clarke, the Veil. Archdeacon Guuthcr, the Rev. A. and Mrs. Tonge, Mr. and Airs. Lamb, Mr. nnd Airs, tlcury, Air. L>. Barton, and many others. Mr. and Afrs. Eraser Thompson loft in the oven ing for Gamboola, whore tho honeymoon Is to bo g(ient. Thoy wero tho recipients of a largo col lection ot valuable presents. At St, Paul's Church, Ilurwood, on Tuesday, 18th Inst., Mr. Arthur Diglit, third son of Air. James G. Dtght, Walroa, Slrathlield, was mar ried to AIlss Marion (Birdie) Broughton, fourth daughter of Air. Frederick Broughton. Ilurwood. Tho bride, who was given away by her father, woron pretty (Ross of white ahllTon trimmed with blondo lace Insertion and satin bebe ribbon. An orango blossom wreath and long tulle veil com pleted her toilette. She carried a benutllTil bouquet, tho gift of tho hridogroom. The brides maids were the .Misses Riioda Broughton, nana Terry, und Kathleen Dlght. They wore dressed iu white muslin trimmed with laco Insertion r.tul tucks, aud tlielr white chiffon hats wero trimmed With violets. Tho bridegroom presented them with Violet bouquets nnd littlo pearl bird orna ments. Air. Hilton Dight was best man wild Mr Norman Deane and Mr. Anderson were groomsmen. A reception was held after the ceremony at the residence of the bride's paronts, Choltenhnni-riud. But- wood. The guests Included Mr- und Mrs. James (G Diglit, Mr. and Mrs. T. Dawson, Mr. aiu' Mrs. James Broughton, Mr. nnd Airs. F. Deane. Mr. ami Mrs. Percy Holmes, Mr. and Airs- Frank Broughton, Mr. and Airs. Edwin Broughton, Mr. Charles Dlght, Al.lh, Mrs, Dight, I Airs.- Robert and Miss Bight, Mrs. nnd Miss Cud- dcll, Air. and Mrs. Sydney Natl, Miss Griffith, Dr. ami Aire. Sly, Air. and All's. Edward Terry. Airs, ami AIlss Thorn, Mr. and .Mrs. Campbell Guihrnlth, Afrs. A. Forrest, tho Altsses Diglit, Torry, Hoggs, Carter, /Wilson. Beano, Anderson, Cummins, Atr. and tho Altsses Chalmers, Miss Fisher, Air., Airs., nnd Aliss Godibud, AIlss Johnstone, Atlss Alactlou- gall, Messrs. Bight, Broughton, Bonne, Torry, Gosling, Holesworth, Kelynack, Rundale, Lloyd, Waugh, and others. Air. and Mrs. A. G. Bight loft for their honeymoon amidst showers of noo and confetti. The latter wore a travelling dress of hluo voijc trimmed Willi guipure Ince, and lint tp match. Many beautiful wedding gifts woro re ceived. ,,, On Wednomlnv, Feptomhor 26, a pretty wedding took place at St. Clement's, Marrlckville, whon Alias Marie Worner. daughter of tho ,'ate Pastor Wornor, wasj inurrioil to Mr. Bernhard Wallach of Darlinghurst. The event was graced by lovely weather, und tho church was decorated by tho choir friends with arum lilies and oilier whlto tlowons. The bride, who was given away by her uncle, Mr. 'Louis Ballhausen, looked well In a beautiful dress of white sulln, with a pretty wreath ami veil; she also wore a bracelet and car ried n beautiful shower bouquet, girts of the bride groom. Tbero were five bridesmaids. AIlss J. Werner, Allan Fairland, und tho Misses Wallach. Tho two former were aCtired lu buttercup, draped with whlto, and woro hats to match; the throe younger brides maids were dressed lit white muslin, and hats trimmed with whlto chiffon and ribbon. They wore brooches nnd carried shower bouquets, gifts of tho bridegroom. Mr. E. W. Warren acted as best man. 'Tho ceremony was performed by tho Rev. A. Bolllugham, assisted by the Rov. J. Mullint). A rocoption was subsequently held at Wcndoree, Illawarra-road, where the bridal pair woro warmly congratulated. Some of thoso pro- sent woro Atr. Wallach, sen., tho Rov. E. Bolling- harn, tho Rov. J. Mulllns, Mr. and Mrs. Louis Ballhauscn, Mr. and Mrs. Falrland, Miss Bclllng- li.nm, AIlss Tolling, Air. E. W. Warren, Miss Reed, AIlss Lawson, and Mt. Frank Ballhanson. Tho marriago of Miss Amy Alackellar, youngest daughter of Airs. Maekcllar, ot Exeter, Braid- wood, und Air. A. II. Buchanan, of Wellington (N.Z.), took place at St. John's Church, Darling- hurst, on Wednesday, Septembor 19. Tho cere mony was performed by the Rev. Canon Pain. Tho church was prettily decorated by the girl friends of tho bride. Tho bride, who was given away by ber brother, Mr. Ja-k Alackellar, wore a gown of whito chine silk, covered with chiffon and Limerick lace, with transparent yoke and sloovos, and a largo white hat, trimmed with chiffon and feathers. She carried a white bouquet, and woro a pearl and diamond pendant, tho gifts of tho bridegroom. The bridesmaids — tho Atlsscs Nauco Wallace, Violet Maddrell. and Nellie Royds — woro dresses of whlto silk muslin ovor pale bluo silk, black hats trimmed with tulle and feathers. They carried bouquets of red carnations, and wore wide gold bracelets, tho gifts of the bridegroom. Air. IIodBon, of Now Zealand was best man. After tho ceremony Airs. Alackellar held a reception at 66 Alberto- terrace. Tho guests included Air. and All's. Arthur Giles, Mr. and Mrs. R. I. Hoesall, Air. W. E. Itoyds, AIlss Adelo Royds, Rev. Canon nnd Airs. Pain, Mr. and Airs. Howard Joceland, Airs. Heath, Airs. Aladdrell, Airs. Arthur Macar- thur, Mrs. Wilson, Airs. Stanley Ryrio, Mr. and Airs. Wado, Mr. and Mrs. W. Vlndln, Mr. R. J. C. Aladdrell, juh., Airs. J. C. Irving, Air. and Airs. Lnwrv, Alias Evelyn Ryrio, Air. and All's. A. S. Edwards, Miss Al'Nab, Mr. and Airs. Graham, Mr. and Airs. It. Simpson, Mrs. and Miss Eraser, Air. Arthur Eraser, Air. nnd Mrs. Walter Brunton, Air. S. Aladdrell, Mrs. Llewellyn, tho Aliases Al'Farland, Airs. Frank Raymond, Mr. P. Alad drell and Air. C. Aladdrell, Mrs. George Bennett, Miss B. Turner, Miss Alabsl Randal Carey, Airs, and AIlss N. Dranslleld. tho Misses Alason, and Aliss Ria Turner. At tho Roman Catholic Church, Burraga, on September 19, the marriage of Miss M. Martin, only daughter of Mr. S. Martin, late of Hartley Vale, to Mr. S. Hennessey, of Rydal, took place. Tho ceremony was performed by tho Rev. Father Al'Grath, who afterwards presided at tho wodding breakfast. The bridesmatd was Miss Clarke, of Sydney. The employees of Messrs. F. Lassetter and Co., Limited, hold nn inaugural annual ball at the New Atasonic-liall on tile 21st lust. There was a largo company, aud tho floor was lu excellent condition. Tho committee consisted of Messrs. J. B. Qulnlan (chairman). Aliases Lord, May Ryan, and Kennedy, and Messrs. E. W. Wallaco, W. Bennett, J. Stenlng, W. Ryan, E. Howe, and D. M'Millan, Miss Reeve (hon. treasurer), and Air. "H. S. Iredale (hon. secretary). Supper was served at midnight. Mr. Qulnlan presided, and apolo gised for tho absence of Colonel Lnssetter, due to family bereaveraont. Mr. Qulnlan proposed "Tho Firm," to which Atr. Pealio responded. The com pany then returned to tho ballroom, and dancing was continued till a late hour. Alauy pretty cos tumes were worn by the ladles. The marriago of Air. James P. A. Chappie and Miss Edith Charlotte Fancourt, second daughter of Mr. It. H. Fancourt, took place on Saturday, the loth Inst., at "Huntingdon," Vlctoria- avenue, Woollalira, tho residence of tho bride's parents. The ceremony was performed by Pastor T. Bagley, Church of Christ, Woollahra, assisted by Pastor P. A. Diokson, City Temple. The bride was tastefully attired in a dress of Ivory silk, with a court train draped with silk lace and orange blos soms. Tho Misses Alay and Florrlo Fancourt, sisters of tho bride, woro bridesmaids. The for mer was attired in a becoming pearl grey voile, with white satin trimmings, a whlto hat, witli ostrich feathers. Tilt- latter woro white Indian muslin lace made ovor eau do nil, and a picture hat. Eaeli carried shower bouquets, and woro prettily designed brooches, the gifts ol thq bride groom. At the conclusion of the marriage cere mony a raceptlon was held at "Huntingdon. Tho bride's travelling costume consisted of a coat ana skirt of fawn cloth, with cornflower blue toque. The ball given by the members of the Cooma Infantry Company at their drill-hall last week was from every stand- point a pronounced success. Facing tho entrance was a huge motto, Our Federal Arms," which was surrounded by green ery, from which glistened two stars, of which bayonets formed the points, A dais at one end of the hall was prettily arranged as a drawing- room, surrounded by a rustic fence of wood nnd forns, and prettily carpeted. Prior to the open ing of tho danco the members of the company were put through tlielr facings, and at "atten tion" recolved the officers, Alajor Faulkner nnd Lieutenant Alawson, nccompauicd by ex-Lieute nant Gomm. At midnight an adjournment was mado lo tlio Railway Hotel, where un excellent hot supper was served. The AHsses E. and M. Faulkner and Airs. Klrkwood, Staff Color-Ser- goant Klrkwood. Corporal Robinson, Privates W. Wolcli, T. Alorris, J. Welch. W. Parke, J. Norrls, F. Robinson, C. Tozer, J. Slattery, and W. Norrls were responsible for tire decorations. The wedding of Alias Ellen M'Lean, third daugh ter of Mr. J. A. Mackinnon, and Air. James Har- court, third son of Air. William Lees, gouoral manager of the Union Bank, Melbourne, took plaeo 011 tho 19th Inst, at St. Andrew's Church, Grenlell. Tho bride wn« given away by her father. Aliss Molly Mackinnon and Miss Lees wore tho bridesmaids, and Dr. Geoffrey Lees and Air. R. P. Newman were groomsmen. The bride, who Is looked upon by residents as one ot the belles of tho district, was charmingly dressed 'n whito satin trimmed with Honiton lace, and a tulle veil was arranged over a wrentli of orange blossoms. The bridesmaids were attired In whlto muslin over blue, with white and blue picture bats to match. The "chin ch, which was very beautifully decorated for the occasion, was throng ed with guests and interested spectators. At tho conclusion of the ceremony the happy couple drove to the Commerclal-lmll, where the wedding breakfast was served. After the usual felicitous toasts were honored, Mr. and Mrs. Lees loft on their honeymoon trip to Sydney nnd Melbourne. By a curious coincidence, this wedding took place on tho fiftieth anniversary of the marriage of tho bride's grand -parents. Among tho many presents were some cheques for considerable amounts. Oil the 19th Inst., the marriage of Miss Mary Anderson, fourth daughter of Air. Thomas Ander son, of Kun-ajong, and Mr. Everard Kentwoll, of Castle-hill, was celebrated In tho Wesleyan Church, Comleroy-road, the Rev. A. S. Swift, of Windsor, performing tho coi-oniony. The bride, who was given away by her father, wore a gown of cream silk, trimmed with Valenciennes laco, over trained skirt of buttercup. AIlss Emily Anderson, sister of the bride, and Miss Kentwell, sister of the bridegroom, were bridesmaids. Messrs. Robert Masterman and W. Anderson offi ciated nt groomsmen. By permission of tho matron, Alias Brioknell, the patients and staff of tho Carrington Con valescent Hospital, Camden, participated In a fancy drees ball -last Thursday evening, 20th inst. Mr. Deas-Thomson, hon. secretary of the Insti tution, accompanied by Airs. Deas-Thomson, was present. Alany of those present woie fancy cos tumes. AIlss Bricknell (matron) waa Mistress of Ceremonies; Sister Reynolds, Mary Queen of Scots; Sisler Dalziel, a Puritan maiden; Nurse Bamfleld, Queen of Roses; Nurse Inglls, Powder and Patches; Nurso Gwynuo, Ancient Dame; Miss Kcary, Sunflower; AIlss Taylor, Autumn; AIlss Driseomc, Alarcla; Miss Jessie Anderson, Marguerite; Airs. Thomson, Good Luck; Aliss Degmorc, Faith; Miss Welby, Hope; Alice Owen, Charily; Aliss Simpson, Snow Queen; AIlss Smith, Sr.liool Girl; Atlss Powell, Queen of Alay; AIlss Beck, Queen of Hearts; Miss Ward, White Rose; Miss Gunnel, Flower Girl; Aliss Jordan, Nurse; Miss Gleeson, Buttercup: AIi6S Chapman, Mother Hubbard; AIlss Shields. Daughter of Regiment; Airs. Nlckless, Turk; Atr. Burreson, Arab; Air. Orr, Reservist; MR. M'Nevin, Footballor; Mr. Rehortson, Returned Bushman; Air. Boston, Joe- key; Mr. Eyre, Stockman; Air. Smith, Clown; Air. Lawrence, Indian Prince; Mr. Stafford, Clown; Air. C. Pickering. Saucy Kate; Air. Barry, Foot baller; Air. Kennedy, Ghost; Mr. Handle, Negro Girl; Air. Phillips, Father Xrnas; Air. Blake, Foot man; Air. Bennett, Riding Hood; Air. Green, Topey; Air. F. Smith, Hospital Nurso; Air. Kin- cher, Advertisements; Mr'. Pickering, Baker; Mr, Sargent, Knave of Hearts; Air. Noffinden, Kate Greenaway; Mr. Girgie, School Girl; Air. N. Mulleyy, School Girl; Master L. Dowder, Khaki Girl. With the National Anthem and "Auld Lin g Syne," together with cheers, heartily given, fnr tlie matron, the ovening terminated. The marriage of Mr. Philip J. Byrne youngest son of Atr. J. Byrne, Essendon, Atulbourue, and Atlss Mary (May) second daughter of Mr. Martin Danaher, Tho Warren, Alarrlokvllle, took place at St. Brigids' Church, Alarrlnkvillo, ou Wednes day afternoon. .The Elev. Father Vincent Grognn, 0.1'., performed the ceremony, and tho ohurch was artistically decorated with a floral archway, from which hung a wodding bull composed also of white flowers. The bride was given away by her father. She woro a gown of Ivory duchcsae bro cade, tho sleeves und yoke or point lace, and the long train trimmed with bhllTon and orange blos soms. A Marquise ring, and Ivory prayer-book, and a beautiful shower bouquet were the bride groom's gifts. There wero three bridesmaids, the Misses E. and AI. Danaher, and A(lss A. Byrne, 'i'liey wore frocks of white Indian muslin, trimmed with lace and Insertion, and picture huts. Their bouquets and liandsomo gold bangles woro pre sented by the bridegroom. Ltttlo Kalhloon Atacauloy (nlcco of the bride) was traln-bearor. Air. G. Macaulcy and Alessrs. W. nnd If. Danaher wero groomsmen. At lite conclusion of tho cere mony Air. und Airs. Alartin Danaher hold a re ception at Tho Warren, Alarrlckvlllo. Some of those present were tho Pussloulst Fathers (Alur- rlekvllle), Dr. and Alias Coutle, Air. nnd Airs. U. Lungloy, Airs, and Miss Yard, Mr., Mrs., and Miss Frieda AlHlcr, Air. and Airs. Nlchol, tho Misses Dolman, the Rev. Father Aloaghcr, AIlss Qulnn, tho Rev. J. and Airs. M'Namara, Air., Airs., and Aliss Groth, tho Alisscs Flnignn, Aliss Barker, tho Misses Al'Sliaue, Mr. W. -and Miss Qulnn During tho aftornoon Air. and Mrs. Byrne left for Geelong (Vie.), where tho hanoymoon Is to bo epen(. Tho bride travcjlodi jn a pretty IrlB vollo costume, made over silk tho samo shado, and finished with gulpuro laco. Sbo woro a black and white chiffon hat, trimmed with ostrich feathers. Many valu- ablo presents, including sovcrul cheques, wero re ceived. At St. Mary's Cathedral on Wednesday after noon, Miss Elsio H. Roles, eldest daughter ot Air. and Airs. J. P. Roles. Victoria-street, Darling- hurst, was married to Air. Gordon I'hlllp Jones. Dr. O'Haran and Father Brlody officiated. The bride was given away by her lather. Slio wore a gown of Ivory white Indian silk, mado with a long train. Tho yoko and sleeves wero of gath ered silk, and round the shoulders was draped an embroidered chifTon fichu. Aliss Lily Roles and Alias Florence Jones were bridesmaids. They wero dressed In biscuit-colored poplin, trimmed with white silk. The groomsmen wero Air. Louis D'Ugarto and Air. J. A. Roles, Jun. Tho wed ding breakfast was subsequently hold at Victoria- street, and In tho evening Air. and Airs. Roles invited a number of their friends to a musical at heme. Tho last of a scries of "Geisha" dances was held at the Kogarah School of Arts on Friday, tho 21st Inst. Tho hall was draped with pale blue and buttercup art muslin, with palms, and ever greens Intermixed. The supper table was also decorated with buttercup, tho supper being sup plied gratuitously by the ladles. Amongst thoso present were Airs. Gosbell, Airs. Pilley, Mrs. James, Mrs. Penny, AIlss Sale, Aliss V. Sale, Aliss Carroll, AIlss Morse, tho Alisses Faulkner (two), CahlU, English, Cluno, Pilley, James, Peryman, Simpson, Harradcno, and Curtis, and amongst tho gentlemen present wero Alderman John Sale, Alessrs. Gosbell, Peryman, Simpson, Forrest, Sale, Carroll, Quail, Riemenschnelder, Cormack, and Blundcll. An Initial annual tempcranco bail, held in tho School of Arts, Balmaln, on tho 20tli lnntant, waa a pronounced success. It was promoted by the members of the local Good Templar Lodge, We Hope Lo Prosper, and proved a most enjoyablo wlnd-uip to a series of fortnightly social gather ings held under tlielr auspices. There was a largo number present (bc-twe-en f>0 and 00 couples), among them the Mayor (Alderman Henry .Mills), Alderman Campbell, Alessrs. J. Sims, J. AI. Hetlierington, G. Braddock, and A. Diamond. Tliero was a fair sprluklng of characters repre sented, such as clown, baker, orickcter, and foot baller, whilst the military was represented by tho Irish and the St. George's Rifles. The dresses of tho ladies, both evening and fancy, wero varied and picturesque. The secretaries were Miss AI. Braddock and Air. J. AI. Hetlierington. On Friday night, 21st instant, Lbo sixth an nual military ball of E Company, 3rd Regiment, was held in the Oddfellows' -hall, Lilligow. Tho Als.C. (Color-Sergeant llennlo and Sergean't M'Gann) wore attentive to those present. Addi tional interest attached to tlio ball, as E Com pany was honored by tho presence ol Colonel IIol- horow, C.AI.G., commanding 3rd Infantry Regi ment, Lieutenant-Colonel Gucs't, and Brevet Lleu'tcnant-Col-oncl Bartlett. In addition to tlio officers of tlio local company (Captain Bracey, Captain Klrkland, A.A1.C., and Lieutenant Craig), the following military visitors attended tho ball: — Captain Hudson (Bathurst), Sergeant Bert Mills (Goulburn), Troorer Glynn (Pathursl), Driver W. Eastorbrook (A battery, Royal Australian Artil- lor), Private It. Grace (N.S.W. AI. Rifles), Private J. Perriott (Penrith). Among tho invited civilian guests wero Air. J. Cook, AI.I'., the Mayor (Alder man James), ami Air. J. Barton (Wailerawang). During the evening Uio opportunity was availed' of Lo welcome back Private Grace, who had re turned Invalided from the war. At tho Town-hall, Liverpool, on Wednesday evening last, the last of a series of socials was held under 'the auspices of the Liverpool Social Club. Among tho ladies present were Airs. A. Jones, AIlss Keeper, tho Alisses Chapman, the Alisses Smith, AIlss Watts, AIlss At'Fadden, AIlss Cullen, Aliss Meade, Aliss Flood, M'iss Brown, Aliss Ilulm, tho Misses Green, Aliss Storey, Miss Feeb- ley, and AIlss Al'Cullough. A pretty wedding was hold at St. Saviour's Church of England, Redfern, on tho 19th Inst., by the Rev. Walker Taylor, when Miss Albone was married to Air. Taylor, ot Parramatta. The bride wore whito satin, with the customary veil and wreath of orange blossoms. Slio was attended by AIlss Puree! as bridesmaid in plnlc muslin; pink chiffon liat trimmed with craim laco and ribbon. After the ceremony tile happy couple drove away amid showers of confetti and rose leaves to tho residence of the bride's father, In Parktown, whero a reception was held. 