SURGICAL AND MEDiCAL By RtTOYAHD KIPLING.* Crich, the orderly, eat on a camp-stool cheering Parker, who lay suspiciously quiet. Parker had come from Queensland, via New Jersey, among other cities, and the registered voters of Colesberg had shot him across the spine below the shoulders. "My stomachs a trifle out of order," said Par ker, cheerily. '"They can't get it to work. Except for that, I don't feel there's any thing wrong with me." Crich looked at me, to signify it would be better for Parker if he had a little more feeling. "We're comiu' on beautifully, ain t we? said Crich, and Parker nodded. 1111 the last o' four-all spinal cases-all in this tent, too!" said Parker. "I've seen em all go, and here am 1 hangin' on by my finger-nails. They all went, didn't they? 'Yes," said Crich, his braces round his hips;, "an' they all called for me fore they went. 'Member Tommy?" Parker smiled. Sir Philip Sydney smiled very much in that fashion. "Ob, yes. I was on special allowance of brandy, but Tommy, he always looked for a little of mine in his lemonade. Couldn't speak much, but he used to roll his eyes to my bed. Tommy liked his tot o' brandy and lemonade. When did he go, Crich?" Yes'day afternoon. You was asleep, Parker. He said, 'Crich, old man, where are you?' he said. 'Right here, in front 0 you, I says, and I went up to 'iin, 'cause 1 knew what was coming. "1 can't see you, Crich,' he says. Then I laid 'old of his arms in my two 'ands. 'That's better/ he says. 'If I can't see you, I can feel you,' he says. 'Don't let go, Crich,' he says, and in a minute or two he was off, as quiet as anything. You was asleep, Parker. Oh, yes, they all asked for old Crich to take 'old of when they went off. Parker's goin' to best the lot of 'em." This to me. "Last o' four spinal cases he is, and he's goin' to Netley, an' he'll be all right in a few weeks. 'Ave some more to matas, Parker?" The giant turned his head and raised an arm. He could not quite reach the toma toes. Crich stepped across the tent, lavishly douched the cut fruit with oil and vinegar, and exhibited Parker in the act of eating. Then Parker talked of real estate specu lations in Orange, New Jersey, and stock riding in Queensland; Crich supplying ail ever-appreciative chorus. I watched the superbly-built body, so all alive to the chest line, so all dead below, and it seemed to me unfair that nervous anxiety to make Cape Colony a "little haven of peace" had led a neutral Government" to postpone the ordinary preparations for war till the Colesberg rebels (all registered voters, re member) could conveniently mangle Par ker's spinal-cord. I laid'it upon Crich, the hairy-chested and adequate, that Par ker must not die, and Crich hopefully hope less said, out of Parker's hearing, that he would do his damnedest. That was some weeks ago. . I have seen Parker twice or thrice since, but to- day his bed is empty. He has bested the re gistered voter of Colesberg, all the young doctors who prophesied death, and Crich, who couldn't see any other way out of it. He has gone home in a steamer to Netley with the chance of living, half-dead, for a year or two, and the ghost of a chance that he may partially recover. This is a load off my mind. For some absurd reason Parker was my war-fetish. He held on through the black days ere Ladysniith was relieved; he heard of Cronje's surrender; and now, at Madeira, he will learn that Bloemfontein is his and ours. The war goes better; with Parker and Bobbsfontein disposed of we can attend to the hospitals. Dinniss, the light-mous tached sergeant-major of a horse- battery, has gone away; but not before he saved the lives of three or four depressed and morbid, by his cheerfulness and his yarns. Dinniss has six-and-twenty years' ser vice. He refused his majority 11 years ago, because it was not in his beloved bat tery, and he is an encyclopedia of military knowledge-the unofficial brand. I heard him tell his tent .confidentially that if he had known what sort of a silly sort of war this war was going to turn out, he would have retired on his laurels early in Oc tober. He caught something at Magersfontein, which has kept him in bed for a few weeks, but now he is at the front again. He was more or less in charge of the horse bat tery which, out of pure politeness, stood still to take the Boer fire when our naval gun on the left of the line did not see the flag of truce, went on firing, and brought down a fresh Boer fusilade. Said Dinniss-"Of course, we sat tight, to show it was a mistake, but the shells were making our horses skittish, so I said: 'Send a driver to their heads. They're a little shy.' I looked round, an' there weren't any drivers! D'you know what they were doin'? Chasin' rats round a bush! Yiss! Eat-huntin' under fire. On my worrud, I don't believe drivers have sowls. No, not one!" "Were they cockneys, by any chance. Dinniss?" I asked. "Ye may say so. We come from St. John's Wood, London, N." The tent and the orderlies grieved when Dinniss left, for he had great authority, and most persuasive tact. Now, Derby, of the Inniskiilings, had no authority. He lived on his tongue and his skill in out flanking orderlies. Derby got it badly, in the leg, and topped like a cockrobin in scarlet fiannel between the tents. He was *pr5Ei$kna, imd ^ aay ijefow he sailed nil Rondobosch was too small for his tr.\n>p iru-. A visitor came by with pipes and tobac co for (he men, and Derby steered him to wards :» convalescent. "D'you want to buy a i«ijk?" Derby, with a serious face. "They're only threepence, and the bsccy's oue ;:n' threepence a st :ck. It'# dirt cheap." The i..nv.i!e«oent fingered the stock, and demani-. d cigarettes. "Fin sorry." said Derby, "but we're sold out of cigarettes. If you';! iive your order, way be this man will-"' Thou the convalescent tumbled to the h-'. ;ntd Derby h.id to run for it all betM'n ,-i the tent-pegs. There should be lively lime? on Derby's boat-home, but he is the kindest of souls to an invalid. The iNv.jis are not on their feet yet. They ;ite both Australians, both have broken they lie side by side, their in and oue loyally caps the other'.- iJUsi yam. A few days back talk turned 011 what black fellows could do with n 'i ionierang. A l-"u-!i:er cut to pieces with barbed viie. a °;h Lancer, and a West Yorkshire juan tu"'i ike twins to draw it mild. Sticks could n<-i twist and turn in that way. It was t»-iird as the word Woolioomooloo.; Entered then from another tent convales-j cent l!;:e. >i Manitoba, hit down at j Siinger's or Arundel. I Eae >.'.id he did not understand boome-J rang*. but things could be made to curve in the ..ir, for all the 9th Lancer said. For instance, there was a game called base* j ball. Kac illustrated with his sound armj how a j* ulier sends in a curved bail, and. the twins, applauding, welcomed hiui as an ally. They had a tile of Australian papers; with pictures of boomerangs; would the! SHh Laiu-er please get them out from the shelf, and they would explain? j So, under the pines planted in South Africa by men from the north. Welshmen,] tyke. Cockney. and Canadian bent their! heads over a 3Ielbourne weekly, while a yueci'shmder read tiie letterpress. doliti-;:!. of p Highland regiment-he looked v l i y like Alan Breck-had tried to stop .*> siuil splinter with his stomach, and it cost ii;:n eight weeks' agony. The first time vv met he walked crab-fashion, his blue eyi- alight with pain. Hear, O Heaver.. ".:!d itear witness. O Earth, that these was no more South Africa for John son and hi- stomach! A fortnight later we st* -n the sun with a whispering Gi!.ini-.'!~-n. h.tli of whose larynx had been put out of commission by a down-droppsng bullet. j But was a changed man. He had deve:-.:«ed a soheir.e. and explained it as he >.it i::-.tsping Lis <::;kles and rocking to and !;.> They were going to send him to Green with other convalescents. The odds v.\\- they would send him home, and that did i.-«t suit Johnson's revised book. "I'm n i-iier by trade. They'll not miss the bk'"- r-f me when they're repairing cc'ia;;r. i harne-^es. 1:1 not be sent home :i!! war is over-if I can help it. >ure":y they'll need a collar-maker. Then I u be to get ba» k agam. He v-c'.: .'.!? to Jraw hi; kit, walking (i-iki-v. : i the Gsi; rdsai«n whispered j Bu: :-.-cre is no spring in M'Connel!. ser-! ge:n: ,: another Highland regiment- j £ ;-u: -our disgust. He got it in the! wring :-ulie:. that has marked him for Eng-1 krc. A::i ;Lere is what is ieft of his com- j '? . "i>ider. and there is his unpaid j c»: ; f Boer, drawing interest even." day. ft. i :^-ere is his right hand throbbing and a.i-.r.i it the night watches. His chief intercut ?- the daily paper and the list of tiie !>>-: .ieai. He lies in his corner, smok ing. '..ruling, and meditating how to esc-a;»r Knirland. But his hand-his right hand. who the iron-hard forearm-it use less. He always t-omes back tc that. Xot f,.r from him lies Carter, who went down hiii by reason of a fractured thigh and some fever. Then he got bed-sores-two, he told me and then they got him an air-mattress. Carter came near to losing his life, bat the story in the ward is that Xeeld, a grace less Cockney Highlander, bucked him up, precisely as DLnniss bucked up the man shot through the lungs. Anyhow. Carter is spared, which is a sign of grace, and they hare taken him out for a small walk in a wheeled chair. "He kep" iukin* as all the way up hill ii he was too heavy." said one of Carter's steeds-a convalescent with a head-wound. "Well, you see, it's voluntary, not compulsory, takin' convalescents out," says Carter, rather tremulous about the mouth. ''You don't weigh more'n a rat now," is the answer, and then, the voice touched with beautiful tenderness, "Did ye like it, 'Any?" Did be like it? After three months he has seen trees and sunshine, and felt the big sky above him. He picked tip the good dirt of the earth and let it ran through his fingers. Now he is going to deep. In a little while Mylton will be fit to wheel out. He hails from St. John, New Brunswick-the old city of many fires over against the racing Fundy tide. The scent of the Wynberg pine-needles makes him one jelly of homesickness. Providence sends to hU bedside one who knows his city, and street by street and suburb by suburb, "from Castor in the Forum to Mars ^without the wall"-from the fragrant lumber-mills to Locb Lomond ; -Mylton goes over it tU ftjd&ig..; \- i Tee, he knows, moreover, Dalhousie, &aspe;, and afi Baie Qakv, and how be Jongs to see them! , i Two yards away a YorkEhire BeBemst points out to a man who is fashioning * canras and wool belt that of all places under Heaven there is none like toBrad , moved, they ha,re< ^nm tiT he° j dutv at Kial His eves are sunk andj to sit a ^ * He is the son ol j j heavv, hue he sees lar. about fruit >* ""'a j ! ^rr.si ! I.emlon than Hobar!. "i't0 «,v ?'"lilies thinks thai-Taansnia being;a] 1 th"n' J&KrTand; ^ ""p" ^ j us»"J « »*j v *«* 'ftr i Uiv-nt:-Ibousaiwls <n them. ^<1* » flj ' rh<n£-horses* cattle. wool, «nd fn.it. J-M !vou know any uiore youcg men of *l|^ a d j . views-Manitoba rancher^ >evr I Isheen men. fruitgrower# ot the wuch. ! If" so. bring thera along, and we w.. ; mJLe such ^Sa4dV'%bThefa«j akWt .f settling here after the wt.r. They "u » «*«« i k»« ALt''"\ of ihe Empire to the h;,t on beh3'_' - < Lascelles and Co It :b*y ^n>5£^i pvervthinf shall be made ea*y Jo. t"e<* j nrsT" starr. I will lend uiem j0015^,^ u^rW'e (at least, you vriii. and w shall °et t"our per cent.V 1 will sla? down mb wavs along the valleys, where the frat, grows. ea that no tann T?Jd!^f prunes more than ure £di (This is not so mad as »t saunas, i«.; vai3imarl£ni low fmsht*. if I have | M go on knees to a German *^m,\ firm I will break the Ovem Garden j imit-ring into flinders. I wjl er^l-<^5^l storage warehouses by the ac^,a>"d"c^£J ! fruit-cars at 40deg. un if ormshall be a* > mon as cattle-trucks on all j jaartsras: ! *w,*cbc,s,r»of zr"n*£B *si t<Tbe"in with) as shall beat the Bara Doar^ CoSo, and the Queensland colon.es j comb.n^i^ accepte everything oairasv ! He i* vwTng and has the d^e faun in twentv vears' time', he says, and hi. ev . with a "budding ^e,.on u-,gl3T5' " but it"* flil a gamble- I make ha^te to qual'fv. "One has to take «£»«*., 'i'lj "take 'em." says Mr. Lascelies, and. v.-i on YOU come to think of it, a man who hi*be"en risking hi? life for a few weeks is not coLeg to be deterred by the prospect of one "fruit farm or hall a dozen, for Uat ] matter, failing on his hands. Meantime, will you please take notes c the few schemes 1 have commuted you to. Because. in five years you will be lending on them, and they will pay more than "trappy gold-reels or South Amencan r^aniwavs. . _ , , **i. The tents are full of boys who, w:tb lirtie Steering, would settie here. 2*:xon, i of Vancouver, for instance, is in real es tate uiiv life insurance when ho it at home. He W3' alio in the Canadian nis-h on the Pa a richer*: laager. Being a youth ot cheer and creculative temperament, he woira shrewd enough to pronounce on the chances of a new coumry if nay one brousrht him the iacts snu figures-anu it i®* he lies in bed w:th a bidlet j through his ie£- and thinly about a Van- j couve? girl. C'oIHss, ako Western man, in real estate, would be another splendid re cruit. He shed his blood for the country with & vengeance, the bullet mere:y missing an arterv. He would stay in the country if properlv approached. .He is smiUib pro-ad of the fact that ol eigtit hundred and fiftv Canadians engaged m this busi nes; sot more than four hundred and srsty are at this date available. And they wo* not cut down by sickness nor cut oS by ^We tcav assume, then, that Ejnong the hospitals lie three hundred Canadians ot the verv stamp and breed we reouire voung, wund, dean, intelligent, well-edo "catetl of whom seventy-five f>er cent, hold or have held land. Three hundred posable heads of sane and soaped families. And, not a man to show them maps and photos and plans, to develop schemes tolure them to Etav in South Africa. We sha.l let al! these Wantiful men, and hundreds and hundreds more, po back to their own place and never lirt 3 finger to stay them. Tnilv we are the most wastetui as we are the most idle nation under heaven. Derby, and Dinniss, and Crieh, and 5seddjand Johnwn, anA the young postman at Gneff, and my own postman at Eottmgdean (he is here in a bearer company), and the man that drives the big brewery wacgon at Xewhaven (he is here m the Black Watch, and was hit at Magersfontem), must go home when the war is ended. Blessings and t^nnfa» go with mem. . Thev are all either Beserve men, thar places waiting for them, or men of the regular line without a trade. But we need Mvlton when he gets better,andKuton,and before the face of the mfio®. 