ROUND-ABOUT NOTES. |'By " The Casual."! The Casual" confesses he knows very littlo about horse-racing. Whether the " sport of kings" has an ethical side deponent knoweth not, but from observation he has come to the con clusion that the whole game is a case of dog eating dog. Sometimes the owner of a horse joins forces with the. .guileless " bookie" to beat the public, and the general public tries its hardest to beat the bookmaker, and the latter in most cases come out on top — any- 3iow, he makes a good living at the game. In some instances the owners of the horses have the loan of both loookmakei'b and public, and then we liear loud cries from the layer of odds relative to the spotless purity of the iiurf and with raucous voice he pleads -with the race committee to send up the offending owners for a term. It is remarkable how virtuous a book maker becomes when he falls into the ;S0up. The general public mildly won ders why a horse which ran last on the first day wins hands down on the next, and the fact that a horse deliber ately turns his stern to the barrier at 'the start does not strike them with surprise. Most plungers are very philosophic and do not inquire too closely into the reasons for this, and that, and the other. Yet they put up with much discomfort, by getting up before daybreak in the morning and wading for a mile or two through long, damp grass up to their knees to watch and time the morning spins, which, of course, are specially run for the benefit of the general — I had almost written gullible — public. At race times you are a man of oon- sequence if you can tell your pals at the street corner that Splinter that morning ran six furlongs in l-20f and had not the ghost of a show for the Opeuing — whereas on the race day Splinter cuts out the distance in something like 1-18 and scoops the pool. , There is no doubt the whole business is. a case of dog eating dog, and about the best way of betting is to trust to the goddess of chance. Get a "correct card," shut your eyes, jab it (the card, not your eyes) with a pin, and then back the borse that the pin runs through. " The Casual " has a friend who followed this plan when entering a competition in which a prize of £250 was offered to the person who named the correct date on which the British flag was hoisted at Pretoria. He filled up his coupon early in January last, and this is how he fixed the date. He shut his eyes and jabbed his pen at an almanac. The inky weapon stuck through June7th. Now Pretoria was taken on June 5th, and my friend has been cursing his luck ever since. x x The above reflections are due to reading a mass of correspondence in the Australasian on the decadence of country racing. Racing in the country should do much to en courage the breeding of good, healthy, blood stock, of which the colony is in so much need. That idea should be the aim of all men interested in the sport — wagering, and the making of money should be but incidents, not the main object. Can anyone truthfully say that the race meetings recently held, even on the Macleay, will help much towards enoouraging the breeding of better animals. " The Casual " fears that the " dog-eat-dog " class and their attendant satellites have reaped the most benefit. With regard to the remedy for this undesirable condition of things, a correspondent in the Australasian very sensibly writes as follows : Firstly, he suggests that every racing club fix their meetings and apply for registra tion at the beginning of each season ; then, as with the English Jockey Club, meetings could be allotted to each district, and no more meetings regis tered in "such districts for the season. Above all, limit the number of meet ings at each place, . the more import ant centres being allowed two and the ' smaller surrounding clubs one only, thus putting a stop to the hastily- improvised and scandalously-carried- out little tinpot " leather-flapping " meetings, which are got up solely for the benefit of the sharps, and which bring so much stigma and discredit to country medtings. Secondly, encour age the election to the offices of stewards and officials only of men who by strictness and impartiality can enforce the observance and obed ience of rules and regulations. Thirdly, insist that unpunotuality in the starting of races (unless good cause can be shown) is a breach of the rules punishable, if repeated, by forfeiture of registration. This would do much towards righting " the wearying waste of tifhe" so disgusting and disheartening to most country racegoers. Fourthly, that the colony be sub-divided into various centres (each club seeding representatives to the local body), each centre having a governing body, at whioh all profes sional jockeys must be registered, this body having the power to deal with all cases of suspicious riding, malprac tices, etc., to deal with the offenders, and in all cases to reporG to the governing body of the colony, as the case may be, what has been done. Y » # Another writer gives the following reasons why racing in the country is " going to the dogs " : — " 1. Country clubs offer shabby prizes to be con tested for at their meetings, the aver age amount being £10 stakes ; if a man's horse wins the jockey takes £8 of this as his « riding fee,' leaving £7 to cover nomination, acceptance, and incidental expenses. The paltry sums offered by the country clubs induce some owners to come to some arrange ment to make expenses a certainty. This sort of thing is a great evil on the turf. 2. The stewards in many cases stand in with an unscrupulous owner, and they put their heads together to beat the public and the books ; a regular case of ' battler against battler.' Should the horse they think should be the winner, through some unforseen citcunitance, get beaten, the stewards sit with long, solemn faces, listening to the evid ence, but any experienced racing man present would lay 100 to 1 on the stewards' pet getting the verdict, which he does." o e e So much for racing. " The Casual" commends the above extracts to the earnest attention of the local race clubs, as the committee of both organis ations, he believes, are earnest in their desire to run meetings on the square and do all in their power to keep the sport pure. Having got that off his mind, " The Casual" will con clude his notes by giving a little anec dote about a Bishop as a sort of an antidote to what has gone before. Here it is : — " It is told of Bishop Camidge that he was dropped at a wayside railway station at 2 o'clock one cold wintry morning ; no vehicle available, and the town a mile dis tant, the resourceful prelate shouldered his portmanteau and made tracks for where he saw a light glimmering in the distance. He found it to be a printing office, with the unfortunate over-worked editor " comping" all " on his own." " Who's there !" called out the weary man of letters in ans wer to his lordship's raps. " The Bishop of Bathurst," replied Dr. Camidge, " and I would be obliged if you would direct me to an hotel." " Oh ! I think you have had enough drink ; if you've got em that bad," remarked the editor, " you'd better camp out in the back yard." 