V (p.-V BY MRS C. N. wiMm&l;' Author oC “His Grace," "The Secret of the Pearls,' "The Houae by the Loch,” Queen Sweetheart," “A an from the I Dark," "Fortune’s Sport," “The Newa | paper Girl,” Etc,, Etc. CHAPTER IX—A PODDED PAPER. 1 i'ihii am stool dazed, unbelieving,star -ang Into blankness. She had made no sound in going, this girt he had come to save; yet she had gono, sottly as a white nightmoth tilts through dusky spaces from one flower to another. She had {tone out and left him there waiting Cor what she knew would never come. The thought stabbed hjm, thornllko.but ho plucked it out before it had drawn heart’s blood. She could not have done ft. How'had he wronged hot* sweetness by an instant’s' credence of a tiling so false? She had gone, indeed, but not of lier own free will. There' were mystery and falseness lurking in (lie shadows, but the falseness was not Mary Desmond’s, fie would stake his life. With a stride he was at the door fumb ling the latch. There was no lock, neither key nor bolt, yet the door held fast, and for all his pulling would not open. Wild words sprang to,Tristram's lips as he lighted,.mivtJOh.after match, quelling the ddrknessr tin t finding no clue to the mys tery, no'hope of exit. , On Mary's little bed lay a small heap of crumbled mortar; beside the pile the three iron bars she had taken from his hands, wore placed neatly together as by a. nice instinct acted upon mechanically. The fourth rod, which he had thrown in later, was nt a. distance. He seized up onq and strove to thrust It under the door like a lever. Eut the iron was blunt at the end, and there was not the eighth of on Inch space between the oak and stone, neither was there room for a child’s fin xier-to slip In between the door and Its , With the rod uplifted for a blow upon fro panel, Tristram stayed Ills hand. So heavy was the door of ancient oak—old as the convent—that he saw the Impossibi lity of breaking It with so mean a weap on. He could make a noise, and there was little more that he could do. For Heaven's sake, then, let him control lilrn -sclf, and think what was best to be done, before he ruined everything with some mad piece of rashness. ' He knew that Mary had been afraid, that sha had dreaded the ordeal she had to face, that she had trembled at thought •of the rope ladder, and the precipice she must overhang In the windy darkness. Was it possible that at the last her cour age had .failed, and, scarcely realising what she did, she had run away rather •than tell him that she dared not go? • -. He reoalled the moment when his hands had clasped the slimness of her waist In the. loose garment of serge. He had felt "the wlldfpluriglng of her heart against her aide; theh.slie'had slipped from him beg ging-tlmo-tollnd her veil. He had heard ■ her sandalled feet on the stones, the soft rustle otlher gown, that faint ejaculation which had hardly been a cry and—notli ,lng'morejfj}otranother sound." It did not Seem tHal'ishd could so noiselessly have 'been'"stolen away, save by a gho3t; and oven In 'the1 Convent-of the Sacred Island there' Wefe«n6- ghosts’without bodies.- It: began to Seem "possible to Tristram that, too frightened to bo. In full possession of her senses, Mriry had nan from tha-crisis ’ of licr fate,”]barring the door on tho out side against It and him. , If this wefe true, and he should beat upon the door with the iron bar, calling "her name, ur/1 demanding to be released, the noise'would do Mary’s inuse more 'harm than good. If lie cbuld break through tli^,panels and so reach her in tlie end'/. If'would be a different story. But strong-, inan as he was, there -was no . -chance ai that; and if sho bad been spirit ed away , all . the shouting In the world . would ijot. 'make tho conspirators unbar the door^or him. Tistrniri was a- man quick to decide, ‘Keenly ready to act when a decision was made; but'for onee ho was at a loss, baffled, desperate. Whichever way ills mind turned lie seemed only , to face a , 'blank wall. To go and leave.Mary un . friended, unprotected 111 this grim place was hardly to be contemplated. To stay Sn her cqll, Into which ho had broken with Violence, was equally Impossible. . Suddenly, as he tossed drowning in the ' black sea-trough of his own doubts, there was a sound on the .other side of the <Joor. “Go. I beg you to go," a voice Whispered close to the thick panel. : So low, so muffled was the tone. Tristram could not tell from the sound of It whether it were Mary’s voice or no. But reason said it must be hers, bidding 3l!m to what. In the light of events un known to him, was host for her Inter *-‘St. The-command was enough. For a dozen reasons—each one; for Mary's sake— lie must not stop to question. Thankful at least to fool that so far she was safe, though Ills heart was cold with failure, be sprang.to the window, crawled out as he. had come,- and slid down the rope. With no attempt to use it as a ladder. < There was no means of unhooking It from the window above as he stood on the ledge of rock. The ladder-must be left, .and when Mary returned to her cell Bhe coul<l drag.lt through tho window and hide It mujer her mattrass on the bed. The bars might even be put back tem porarily - into /their places, If the girl '’’thought of1'doing so ill such a way that {lieir disarrangement need not be detect , ed by a casual glance. Mary Desmond .was a clever girl, with plenty of spirit dud resource, he was sure, when her brain was In Its normal condition, and he credited her with the prfesence of mind to • do all that was necessary when her mys terious absence from the cell was ended. Perhaps she hnd suddenly remembered some office at wlUeh'slie must be present Jh the chapel, at the very hour when he bad been bent on her escape, and had rushed away rather than be summoned, locking the celt door lest he should ruin all by following. ;Tho solution seemed the least Improb able of any, that had occurred to him, and, building on It as much as, lie dared, lie thought with renewed hope of the fut aire, Somehow, all would yet come right. Mary' would disarm suspicion, and she Would be expecting him again—at a more favo'rable time. There was still some thing to live for, and Tristram began cautiously to descend the steep, slippery rocks, which only an Englishman would have dreamt of attempting. He' was three times as long In getting -clown as he hud been in (.limbing up, but at .last he; was at the bottom, near, the place where he had left his boat. ■ -.Under1 .tho-seat. In the stern , was the •(disguise lie had brought for Mary, only a ’ peusant’S ^ilrcss. cpiunibn In', the district. But Bhq was tci have worn It; therefore, iU-.Trlatrhm’a/ oyeB, It was ■ already ; a thing to be treasured. -He touched tho bundlo .cqres&lhgly; with 'lils hand; alid •. frjr the se'cond'llriiS tn niaiiy years tears ^pinrted on lits eyelldsiV - - ■ ,'ifQ did not go back to the village, hut •- .474 remained for the night on the lake In aight of Mary’s window. She might he nble to return to her cell, and, expect .hht him to be within call, make . Rome signal. He was determined not to miss chance, lust through the yft-at'ti'lVi. dome, ho might be forced to bear 'iht-'ijhilme of having been 'absent wlidh ■np'.tvap.needed. All night long he .wiitcjitd the convent; but the great hulk of the building, which liut a black, Irre .igriiar wedge out of the purple sky, was dark, without, a single-flitting.firefly of light behind a grated window. . The little waves lapped.sleepily against the rocks; 1 the churclf tolled' out hour after hour; I the air was sweet after the spring rain’, and n fragrance of apple blossom In distant orchards blew across the water. The scene breathed peace and holiness;. There was no hint of tragedy nny wli6fo. - ‘ , ISy and bye the early dawn came,with a light that might have .been reflected from .all the wild pink roses on earth, shining in the cast. The bells rang out. It was time, for matins. The nuns were singing In the convent church; high soprano voices tossed-like spray above' rolling waves of music from the . organ. If Tristram had not seen Mary's win dow empty of its bars, lie would hardly have becwable to believe that last night was more.than a dream.. .But In the darkness his rope-ladder had been .re moved—ht-'eould only hope,, by. Mary. Ho waite'd till long post the hour when he had,seen; the white-robed novice ap pear at the window before, ‘ after matins; but she did not come again, and when he was sure that- the dally round of tasks In file convent made It too late for trim to hope more until after nightfall, he went away. ; He was- restless and miserable tliroughorft the day, -hoping- only . for what’ mlght-happen at flight. But in •the evening,-jJust -when diiBk had spread, grey dove-,wrings over, the world, he was told that .Father Heinrich wished to see him. Tristram had the one private Bltting room which the-inn at Leux afforded. Hu did not know that Princess Falcon burg had sat there warming her beau tiful hands at the fire, and w-alting f or Father Augustin to come back from the Sacred Island after leaving Mary behind him. Now,,- wondering what had brought the village priest uninvited, he asked that Father Heinrich should be shown into tills room. The old man • was of a fresh, ruddy countenance, with bright- eyes and a kindly smile: but to-day ho wore no smile and Ills eyes were grave. Only two nights before, when' Tris •tram had been assiduously cultivating his friendship for a purpose, Ule good priest had dined . In this, very room, laughing much in his guileless fashion, telling amusing anecdotes, and listen ing with almost' childlike interest to others In return. But now he spoke softly, with evident, restraint, and be fore beginning he laid looked to see if' the door were fast shut. "I come on a mission, sir," lie said, and paused. "I am glad to see you, Father Hein rich,” Tristram answered, truthfully.’ Still the old man’s manner did not unbend, and he shook his tonsured head at the chair he iviis Invited' to take, ■ "I have a message to you of a very delicate and important nature," he went on. “It is from the Convent of the Sacred Island." Tristram flushed to the fo’rehead. Was It.possible-that- Mary-had Induced the priest to he her messenger? He did not speak, but stood expectant, waiting what should coine next. ' "From that gracious, good lady, the Mother Superior,” Father Heinrich continued. - “For word to be sent from -the convent to a stranger outside is un' usual,- unheard-of. But a sad and ter rible event lias taken place on the Island .lri-.whifijj. sir.. It. appeare that you, .are concerned’’ , , ’ ' ' 1 "Go on,” Tristram said, dry-Upped.;/ "It was necessary that In some why you khauld be told, lest you should per severe In the course which has brought affliction upon the convent, and must presently bring great scandal. The Mother Superior is Ignorant of ' your name. She does not wish to know It. All she knows is that for days u. man, u foreigner, presumably stopping in tile village, has constantly watched the convent windows from a boat. In a: manner of which she Is still Ignorant, he succeeded in communicating with one of the novices, and with unparalleled auda city attempted' to violate the sanctity of the convent last night- by carrying away one of Its daughters, When I learnt this I -was able to Identify the . man, and—I am here.” “You have more to say, Father Hein rich. Say It quickly." "I have to tell you that the judgment of Heaven has punished your sin and the sin of another, and to command you to leave this place at once. If your crime ivei;e known you might be mobbed—stoned—by an indignant peo ple, who do not suffer their most snored institutions to be Insulted wltlvrimpul nlty. But rather than scandal should full upon the Convent of the Sacred Island; on k’hlcli through many centu ries no breath of. evil has blown, the Mother Superior .will keep the secret—, known only In Its entirety to herself, to you, and me—and you will be ullowed to go unpunished, save by your own con science, arid the knowledge of that which I have still to tell you." "For God’s sake, tell me—don’t keep me In suspense!"- The words were wrung froril Tristram's lips by sheer agony. The priest’s eyes had already told the end of the story. “The novice whom you tempted • to break her vows of betrothal to a Hea venly Bridegroom,-has gone to face her -Judge.” r: -' I Tristram Sprang at the --priest, and, foi-aettlog-his-hge and doth,, grasped him roughly by the; Shoulder. "Dead!" fits exclaimed, fierce with his horror of the 'word. "I don't believe you. It's -a- lle^tho same lie they.told her about me.' ‘She’s not dead—unless there has been murder!" . The ruddy face blanched with righteous angej’. against the, man who dared’utter such; an-accusation1: "Silence!” " ^Father Heinrich com*: inanded,- wiriiV'tf-dignity born"of the mo ment. “God- spoke, and sentenced His erring handmaiden to death. If • you show yourself riot only unrepentant,.but blasphemous, my lips ure sealed. You shall'learn no details of the-way In which Heaven’s will was shown. If you maintain your self-control. I will tell you the story, os the gracious Superior deign ed to tel! it to me.” : . Tristram set his teeth into hts lip, and , clenched his hands, waiting. “Soon after midnight,said the priest, having antisfled himself that his threat had-quelled'the heretic; "soon after mid night, the Mother Superior heard a knocking. Hie had been engaged In prayer, hut rose, opened the door, and beheld the young Sister Marie Magda lene, apparently In a half-fainting condi tion. on- her knees. She- lifted the no vice In her nrms, and carrying- her into the cell laid Itvr on the bed. For some time Sister Marie Magdalen.e was- unable to articulate, only pressing her hands, with an . expression. of great suffering, over her heath ' But when, .the-'Superior had buthod her face, she whispered the word 'Forgive,': and later stammered some disconnected account-of-her Inter rupted sin. ' Feeling hereielf -overtaken suddenly by illness, which froth Its se verity she believed to be mortal, she left her cell, locking the door on the outside, where all the doors of the cells have heavy holts and bnrs. In' the passage she fainted, lying there for some time, but roused by a noise In the cell, she' knew that her,companion In crime must have forced his way in, and' dragging her self, baelt. to Ihc' dtibr; sire Implored- him to be gone, .She then began a painful descent'to the cell of the Mother Superi or, where, before any of .thd-holy rites could, no • administered, .she. very, shortly sank Into a stupor, ending In death. May the remembrance of this swift judgment upon you both open your mind and heart to repentance. And now, "I command you zoned-more to go.” "r will go when the truth of the Mother Superior’s story is proved, not before," Tristram said, doggedly. Its truth. Is proved beyond ntieBtlon 'by the fact’ that I have it from 'her lips," Father Molnflch answered, the indignant blood- mottling his kindly old face, ’"This holy woman, -ivhose long life has been dedicated to good works, offers you mer cy; which you haVe not deserved. If you brutally flout ft, the best thut Can' happen lo’ you is being driven with shame and violence-from the country—while I could not answer for,- your .life,” "Let them try driving me away," sal<l Tristram, white rind desperate. “I slran’t die at ieasf'untll I’m sure of the truth." “I teil 'you, man, you are as. sure as you wlll’ever bo!" cried the priest, shaJc-.i on beyond, self-control. ,',’The voice of tlie Motiicr: Superior has'spoken. No other Cctro will'ever' reach you from the' con vent, This is the end/ .1 have warned you; if you are not out of this village, polluted by your presence, before to morrow morning, look to your ,o'wh life. The police will he Informed,'but even they \vlil hardly protect you’from' the: ino'ff.d••>' o . " - .."bn-....... •' "Ho flung his' ultimatum at the'/Engllsh man’from the; door. -An-instant later It had, closed behind him. For a long' time Tristram ’ stood still. The spring of life seemed to have snapped. He fought against, belief,, yet in'his heart he did believe tile worst. The story was so horribly circumstantial. It followed out In ghastly detail the mys tery begun In darkness in Mary's cell. Wild ideas of reprisal 'stormed his brain. ' He thought vaguely of revenso, snatched through appeals , to. Rome, and to the Austrian throne. It he were Idle, he should go. mud, He' must Bet to work. But how—and upon, what? ‘‘0, God! O, God!” he said1 aloud, ah’ heard himself speaking, with: dim won der. "There are some things toe? cruel ,to he true, even In this cruel world. Let this be one of them," Afterwards, there was no recollection in his mind of how lie left the room and the: boose, but he appeared to wake from a dream ami come back to himself again, by. the side of the lake in the dark. Birin was falling; and through a filmy, floating veil of It' he could see a light in file con vent church far.away. • He turned from it' with a groan, and walked back towards the village. Mechanically, he took the direction of the inn; mechanically, he en tered the half-closed door. Half-way to Ills own sitting-room, which he would gladly ' have reached without meeting anyone, a chair grated on .the uncarpeted floor of a room which lie had to pass, and the stout figure of the landlord appeared, black against a lighted background.' j He had heard the footsteps of tile high, well-bom one (was the''tourteous^ greet I ing he gave to his guest),- and ventured to inform the noble gentlenvjh that In the kitchen,was .waiting a^typy (if the village, much. desiring speech' with the ’ English noble; ' | Tristram stared and'tWnvned, too paa | sloriateiy absorbed in hts'own.sorrow to understand half that the politely-,bowing t Austrian .had.said. < .... .. “Will ,thg higji,' jyell-born Herr see the boy. -who says that lie has a private and important mesriige; ’ to lib- delivered only to himself", -'v ' “Yes, solid 'hind in to me," answered Tristrami ’ Hcjidid not know what had becnsnld to.hipi.pi' what he had sajd, in .return,,^.so. he was surprised when presently ^youth of tile' tradesman class , opened ‘the'ddor of ills fO'ohi; and sheep ishly -entered.’ ' , ■ "Whyrdo.-you come in Without knock ing, a mi,what' do you.jiy.ant'.’’’ Tristram demanded in. German,not meaning to speak harshly', but (utim'dli}#'' tall and hug-gni'd in front of'a hearth where no fire burnt) looking grim and .formidable. - "If it pleases you, noble lord, 1 did knock, and you told me to come In,” re turned the boy. “I want only to give you. a letter, which my mother uml I have deckled must be for you.” "Is my name on It?" Inquired Tristram, who,-'iit-the moment, In forgetting most things save his great trouble, liad forgot ten that he liad .adopted a name not his own, for use ill Leux, “There is no name on the letter, gracious sir, hut on the outside Is written, ‘For the artist In the boat.1 Anyone who finds this and takes If to him Will receive money.' ” (This last bit of information-was Impart ed with a sly, sidelong look.) For the first time a glenin of interest mid comprehension shone In Tristram’s eyes, as If the lamplight’ had suddenly found and touched'them, "For tile artlst ln the boat?" It' was to the “artist in the boat" that the.Mother Superior had sent her message. "Who’gave you. the letter?" he asked, quickly. “Nobody exactly gave it "to me, noble sir. I found It." • /Where?” VThis afternoon it was my business to take over to the Sa'ered Island'the weekly stores for my master, the grocer hero In the village. I was ferried aerpss, carried up the boxes to the gates, and was run ning down again to the landing' place when I kicked against a. bal(.. of white paper. I was going to kick It on and on, Into the water, .for amusement, when ' I saw that It was tied wlthJ'a: torn alireu of green silk rountha.stone, . That surprised me, graelpus. sir,'for no one lives on the Island, as you know, but' the indy nuns, and I did not see why one of them should make up balls of paper to throw over the wall. ‘ So I picked it up, and on the ball wap written something, I could not mnke ou£ what, until I untied the bit- of silk, andhnd thrown away the; stbne. Then I smoothed tile paper on my hand, and I rend the words I have just told, you, noble sly. On the.other side, where the paper was folded over, the edges’were’fastened together with stitches made in yellow silk. I wondered' more and more, but I tyfluld not open the letter, since certainly it was not for me. instead, I put the paper away in my pocket, without let ting the boatman see it| and: took It home to'm'y mother. She it was who sent me here, for everyone 111. Leux knows there Is a foreign artist at the inn, who spends all his time ill a boat, painting the 'Con vent or the Sacred Island. My mother cnutlonpd: me strictly; air, that, I was not to say a.word of my errand, to anyone, as It might work great mischief It people know, that one of the ladles' at. the con vent had taken this way of writing to a gentleman,. But who knows If Ire is not her brother, says my.mothei;, since she’s well enough acquainted wltli him to bo sure he will give .money? So there can he no harm In seeing what comes of It. And If- you were out. noble,, sir. i was. to, wait till you should come in—which I ■did.,’’ . V-i'V;. vt'Hei’e Is' wlintyou .have ijec'n waiting for," said1 Tilstrain, pulling a gold piece wi th the-Emperor's hend'vpon Itefrpiw h|s pocketidlAjid here, is another ^-.tbe squio i sort, to femlpd you to/jjg!iljyour tongugz ■ 'Tour mother is a wlso "woman. 'This business Is between you and me, and no one else. Don’t forget." ."I won't forget, >alr. And thank you.” With a self-conscloUs blush and a desper ate air of getting through a thing that must be done,, the boy seized Tristram’s reluctant hand, and, according to, the in variable-custom of tho Austrian peasan try after favors received, pressed a moist kiss upon It. Then, laying a crumpled, folded paper on the table, he was gone. Tho blood mounted to Tristram's head like new wine ne he snatched up the let (To be Continued.) 