AN OBSTINATE BLOCKHEAD, , COMPLETE IN THIS ISSVE. by R. E. FRANCILLON, Author of "Jaok Doyle's Daughter," " A Dog and His Shadow," " Hopes of Sund," &o.;, &o.; , COrYBIOUT. CHAPTER I. T was horribly: annoy-. 'nS- -fter weeks of 'jtgM n plotting and planning, 2® Bit that most eligible of & bachelors, George iWBSI Hale, had at last suc- ceeded iu getting that Sh&M; coyest of maids, Annie »f the Unicorn, all to I himself upon the il® . I l)ea(-'h ; SO that, do what she might, she i- eould not escape liis "" question this time. He had so contrived the meeting .that it should seem, to her, to come about by the merest chance . For some reason or other the prettiest girl in Westcombo appeared to make a point of avoiding the undivided compauy of one at .whom every girl's cap, ribbons and all, was set, save hers. Of course George, being a man, .could sco but one cause for such . otherwise unaccountable coyness— the sham defence that a girl . will set up over her heart when it, is won ; the desire to have it taken by assault rather than by ignominious surrender. The sex was no riddle to one who had not only studied it in his native Westcombe, bujt who had worn a scarlet uniform in his time, and had not wasted its advantages. So ho took for granted that he could read Annie of the Unicorn, whoso avoidance of- him was almost piquing vunity into passion. And now. just when he had nothing to do but to march straight into the fortress as its wel come captor, who should turn up but that Richards again — confound his ugly face for a blockhead's that never saw when" he was in tho way ! So here these three young people stood — George Hale, the fisherman and ex-soldier,- handsome and sullen ; Richard Richards, the nondescript from nobody knew where, rag- god and plain-featured, and looking as if he, too, thought that at any rate somebody was in the way ; and Annie, trying to seem as unconscious of the situation as it allowed. " Poor girl ! I can't have her hunted about by a fellow like that," reflected George, chivalrously. And then all at once a scheme, as brilliant as it was subtle, for ridding her of her persecutor, flashed into his mind. " And where are you off to now, Miss Annie 7" asked ho. , " Why — where are you?" asked she, for an answer. " Well, that's as may be. I'vo an errand down the street." " I'm just on the way home," said that perverse young woman ; " home" and " the street", being in irreconcilably opposite di rections. He smiled. Did he not indeed know women and all their tricks and their manners, through and through? Was not lier. hint plain enough? Had he not foreseen it, and all she would say ? "Well, my errand will keep," said he. "I was going up to tho Unicorn after, so I may just as well go up now. So come along. 'Evening !" ho added, for form's sake, with a curt nod to the man in the way. And the blockhead was actually so hardened against the very broadest hint as to answer the partin" nod With: " All right. I was thinking of coming up to the Unicorn, too." And George smiled to himself again ; for he had not caught an appealing glance from' Annio to the blockhead which even a block head could read. "We'd best go by the cliff path. You know it? No? Well, 'taint one a stranger- would be. like to find. Never mind, lass!" he whispered to Annie. " Three's no com pany — but two will be precious soon!" And-- so they presently dropped perforce into single file as they followed the narrow foot-track upward from the beach. T" the left,- as they advanced, swelled Hbe green, gorse-dotted hill till it ended in a wavy ridge against the pale winter sky ; to the rignt ran a smooth slope of turf, beyond which, farther aud farther below as tho path as cended, and with ever faint murmur, spread the scarcely rallied sea. George walked fore most, Annie followed, and Richards brought up. the rear. The party was dull, and so was the view and so was the path. Was it, though! With a startled exclama tion . Richards suddenly became aware that there was no longer any path to follow; that he was standing on the very brink of a horribly yawning chasm, into which the elsewhere placid sea thundered and boiled. He sprang back in dismay. He was sale — but where were the others? Had they? His heart stood still. " Come along, man !" cried George on the other side of the abyss, in a voice scarcely audible above tho thunder of the waves. " The way goes round the Caldron," called Atinic, standing beside him,, through her hands. And, sure enough, there was to be seen something that might be called a foot way by a goat— a scarcely visible ledge oh wmch a gull might perch, against the angle of tho chasm, with a wall of bulging rock above it, and a sheer fall of fearful depth below. " I thought we'd bo rid of him before long," said George, with complacent tri umph. " Look at him, the big baby, shiver ing like jelly. Come along, there'll be a rare tale for tho Unicorn." But, by way of answer, Annie tripped lightly and easily back along tho ledge ; so lightly and so easily as to make one who saw her almost forget to shudder. " The Caldron does turn some folk dizzy, I'm told," said she. " But it's quite easy. I used to run round it, backwards and for wards, when I was a little thing." "I can't do that," said Richard. "I couldn't, no, not for " "But you must," said Annie. "I won't have—You mustn't have it. said that you — . But you will do it. Do you think I'd bring you — anybody— into danger? Didn't I show you, myself, how easy it is, and how safe, too?" ".For you. For me — 110." " For you, just as for mc. If you're afr — if your head feels dizzy — shut your eyes and take my hand. Think you're on a path in a field — it isn't really very narrow. Only feel the rock with your shoulder — and that's all." " But if I slipped— then you- '! . . " You won't slip. You can't.- Why, no body ever slipped, and everybody goes. Now, shut your eyes, and take my hand." He did shut his, eyes: he did tuko her hand. But What else happened he knew not, till ho seemed to wake from a, night mare, and found himself oh the othor side. " A' 'grown man having to be nursed round the Galdron by a girl!" laughed George, not kindly. ; "Well, never mind, lad. Every body's, got to. be as' he's made." But though it was George that laughed, it was riot the laugh of the wirinor. There was no other means of getting : Annie to himself between tho Caldron and the Uni corn.' . CHAPTER II. The Unicorn, a farmhouse as well as inn;- about a quarter of a mile inland front tho angle of the Caldron, is not in tho village, but stands on the high ground where the road through Westcombo branches off. and becomes two branches — the left, in a distant and general way, towards Bridgowatcr, and the right to Hornclilf, past Hungmnn's Hol low. And it was at the Unicorn this even ing that the tale of how the " foreign" rub bish had been handed round the Caldron be came the publio property of Westcombe. " And 'tis my belief bo hasn't the spirit of a hen chicken,' 'added George Hale, in a voice calculated to reach Annie's ears ;, for, though she was not in the kitchen, she was no far ther off than the little room behind the bar, so that she would hear anything spoken loud enough without suspecting that sho was meant to hear — so profound was' the ' knowledge of her sex possessed by George Hale._ "'Tis my belief nobody, ever knew 1 . y v. the .feci of his list, and as to his talk,. 'tis more like a 'parson's than'- a mail's. Fancy., him at Sebastoppl! \ Eh?" ' . \ ' 'Tis plain to fancy he' might have rnn away," remarked oilo1 of -the company /- " 'Twould be, warm w'ork there." ' , >"' " Anybody that's seen service," sdidt George, warming to his own work, "soon" gets to know what a man's mddo of. I've seen d bit of service, and aren't ashamed of owning up to it, too. 'Tisn't ovcry man tlint .was first up the Redan, and "saved the col ours with six Russian bayonets at him— or may bo seven— and liim nil alone. Not but what there's others that mightn't have done something like ; but they'd have to be other stuff than that chap, anyhow." - " I say a man that did that ought to hare been a General!" exclaimed another. "Oil, 'tis all ill the .day's work, you see, Joe," said George, modestly. "'Twouldn't dp to havo un army aU'Gcnerals ; and wc got to think nothing of things like that. Bless- you, there was Balaclava." ' " All!" -said J.oo,' with relish ; "I wonder you weren't in half a funk, that time." " You'vo just got to bp in nofnnk at all. There's, 110 maids to lead you by hand against the whole Russian 'army; arid you'd have a poor chance of dodging the shells if : you shut your. eyes. Why, I've known them swarming round like a cloud of bridges I Talk of warm work! — why — " " It's good to hear of anything- warm, do- night," said Richards, shaking down ' a shower of frozen fog as he entered, "and to: see anything at ail," he added, after evident ly failing to find what his eyes had been seeking. " What with the snow and the mist' one might as well be a mole outside." " There's times, now and again, wheri eyes are in the way," said George, looking round : for the general grin at so happy an allusion to the story of the Caldron. . "We was talking of pluck,"- said one of the party. "Now, to my. thinking, there's nothing half so plucky, as when- a little chap stands up to a big 'un in the'ring, and don t \- give in till he's knocked out of time. That's pluck for you— thid a fine siglit — as I've seen, too, with my own eyes." ; ' " There's a pluckier ' thing than that, John," said another. " 'Tis driving a steam engine. For I've seen it done."- " I'll lay you a pint to a quart, ;Nelson'd have done it, ".said yet another. ' "That's pluck — Nelson !" " And what's your- notion, mate?" "asked George, turning "to Richards. " It ought to be worth hearing, ought yours." "My nation of pluck," said Richards calmly, " is what I've done myselfttliis very afternoon. It's to crawl round a cliff in as blue a funk as— as — as — No ; nothing was ever half as blue." "Then, as you're all such amazing bold chaps," said ail old fellow in a smock frock, hitherto silent in the chimney corner, "I'll give any one of you a chance of a pluckier thing Ihan's ever been seen or done. There be'n't a chap here as'll go, this black night and all his lone, to Hangman's Hollow. Not one of the lot of you — no." "Why, and what's the matter with Hang man's Ho'. low 7" asked Richards, " beside tho name?" ' "Ah, 'tis plain you don't belong to Wesl- epmho. 'Tis where Dan Jarvis murdered his brother for money, and was hanged in chains 011 the very spot whore 'twas done. Ah, and though 'twas in the old tiriies, and you'll see nought of it there on a sunshiny day, yet of a night, as it might be this, you'll still hear the chains a-rattling arid a-creak- ing — I'vo hoard 'em myself; and 'twas in my very own father's lime, Dan Jarvis's own very self was scon walking round 'and round his own galldws, months and months after he'd been hanged. Talk of your steam en gines—a sight that must have been I So what sort of a sight old Dan must be a- walking now — and what he'd say or do to the one as caught him at it. Ah !". " Then," said George, seeing a further chance of making his rival look small in Annie's bright eyes, or rather, as things were, sound small in her quick care, " then, as we're all agreed as how Master Richards hero is the pluckiest dare-devil as is to be found of a winter's night, to say nothing of a winter's afternoon, I'll lay any man here glasses round that he, Master Richards,' will go this blaok night, and all alone, tti Hang man's. Hollow— and'll prove he's been there fair and square." .: -.. "Done!" said Richards himself, with a smile. "I'll take your bet — for I'll be hanged as high as .Master Crook's Dan Jar- vis if I turn out again, just when- I'm . get ting warm and snug : not I. You've lost your bet, fair aud square. So— glasses round !" "Gammon!" cried George. "You don't mean to let mo. in for backing you like that, and then to back out of it." " But that's what I do mean, you see. I . never asked you to hack me, and- it's not a night for a dog — let alone— a—" -' " A — what ? Ferhaps you'd like to know what the men of my regiment would think of such a thing?" "I can guess— if they were sensible 'men." " They were. So you do know what they'd havo. suid of a man who bragged of lus pluck, and let another man back it, and theu wriggled out of it like a—. No : 'tis not, as you say, a night for a cur. You're right there." Richards flushed up, and something.like a gleam flushed from his eyes. He had never been known to give or to provoke a- blow ; but even a coward will turn.' However, be fore ho kad time to' answer by word or deed — ' "Would you go, George Hale?" said Annie, stepping into sight. " Would you go to Hangiuan's Hollow, by night, ; and all alone?" " Of course I would, Miss Annie.' I'm not afraid of a dead spook, whoever else may be." " Then I hot you this new sixpence, with 'a hole in it for lnok, you daren't." " Gammon. You know I dare. Every body knows I'dare." " Very well, then," said she, " if you won't go, I will ; but if you like to shut your eyes and hold my hand, you may como too:" George -had not Richard's incapacity for swearing, so ho swore like a man. "Hang your lucky sixpence! You shall see if I'm afraid of anything, dead or alive. Will anyone lay 1110 half-a-croiyn' -I don't go to — there ? And the more half-crowns the better for me." Ho drained his tumb'.er and rose. " Come— don't be a .fool," said Richards, with his notoriously good . temper ' back again. "We've had more than enough of this nonsense, it seems to rii'e." - " Mind your own business," said George, whoso temper had gone by- the board, "and let me lriind mine." " Quite right," said Annie. " Then here is the sixpence ; and here is a paper of nails. Let it be found nailed through the hole to the middle of the top rail of the gate — you know where— and it shall be yours. . If not, I'll keep it till it's .won." Soriiehow the feeling that more than a lucky sixpence was at stake had got into the air ; but what or how much more might be in the girl's head was beyond the lumbering wits of mere men folk to surmise— even if it were not beyond the quickness of her own. " You'll find it there right and-tight; Miss Anme," said George, defiantly. " Twenty minutes there, and a minute for the job, aud twenty minutes back- again. And if I take another glass before starting, 'tis not because I'm a Dutchman, but because— well, because I choose." - He did take another glass, and he took it strong— stronger than He allowed anybody to see. "Look at the clock, lads— just half after nino. If I'm not back by half after-ten-: — " ' " 'Twill ho because yon find Dan Jarvis such, merry company," croaked old Crook frorii his corner. "'.What a sight he will be, after all these years ! 'Good luck, lad— and I hope ye won't wank more than six- penn'orth before ye've done." It was not a comfortable form of good speed, but after all, thought George, as he passed from tho light and. wnAuth of the Unicorn into the frozen riiist oiitsido, what is it but an old' wife's bugaboo? Tho-con- tents of several stiff tumblers wete"'stiU. warm -within him. What on earth could'that: girl mean by sending him — him ! — out ;o'u: such u night, and keeping that felloW Rich-/- ai-ds. confound him, 'in. the warmth: of her.i presence and tho light of her eyes.? : Ah!— he had it) though! Of coufso jj>, was to show all Westcombe' that there. 4ras> one wholly brave man in the place, and that .'uuui|, Qeorgo Hals.:, to yaj the storjr of tlie .Caldron ; and to allow him, when lie claimed (ho sixpence, to claim a great deal more. Ail the'same, he wished; it, had not been .'.quite, so, dark a night ;' he could scarcely "see -his' own hand when he heklit up to warm it -with his breaih. He might just as well not hatro .been; too proud to carry a lantern, if .only to see his fingers'; and I10 might jtisb : as well have taken one. tumbler more, just to— just to keep out the cold. Hark — what was that? Pooh — only an owl.- After all, it was a fool's trick . of Annie's. ' Couldn't she have let well alone? And then that old Crook, witli his creepy talk. Itwasn't thorightsortoftalkatallfor » liinn who was' about to do what everybody allowed to ho the bravest thing ever done. For, after all, there might bo such things as ghosts. There certainly had been that murder — and — he began to whistle. But he could not manage a tune. Perhaps his lips were too cold. Ho- was1 now at the inner angle of the Caldron— that is to -say very near indeed' to the wooded coombe known as Hangman's Hollow. Arid; though it must certainly have been fancy when all tvas so dark, the mist seemed to be thicker and blacker, just where : he knew he would presently have to stand, all alone, long enough jo hammer a' tin tack into a rail. -And this with untrembling lin gers,' or tho sixpence might drop and be lost, and with it the proof of his valour. . " Of course it will drop," thought he, " a little thing like that. Why didn't I bring a lantern? No"— he was very near the Hol lo why now— "no, 'twould be a fooPs trick of my own to chance that ! Not a. soul would ever believe I'd really been." He found .himself - perspiring . at the thought, and tho irioisture turned-chill as a sound unmistakably like' the rattling of chains reached his ears. Of course there were no chains ; there had been 11a gallows since long before his time. But if there may be ghosts of murderers, why may there not be ghosts of their gibbets and ghosts of their chuins ? "I'll — I'll not risk — dropping that six pence into the moss, or maybo into a chink of rock wliere it'll never be found. There's too much hangs on this" — his own thought startled him " Hangs I" . It was an ugly word,' just then and there. For surclv he did hear a sound, faint and phantom-like, it is true — but therefore all the worse to hear. " After all, I think I'd best go straight home. When 1 don't turn up at tho Uni corn, she'll have a bit of a scare! I can he at the Hollow again as soon as ever it's, daylight, arid nail up the sixpence safe and sound. Not a soul elso will be about— and I should really have been there to-night, for I'm as good as there now; and Ha!" Had ho been a woman his cry would have been a scream. For forth from Hangman's Hollow rushed two huge blazing Eves, whoso glare not even the mist could veil, and - bore straight down upon George with a rattle and a roar. He dropped sixpence, hammer, and nails, and fled, with the whole horror of dead Dan Jarvis at his heels. CHAPTER III. " He's been a mortal long time gone, has George," said Joe, when the hands of the clock were at eleven. . " I hope nought's happened," croaked the prophet of ill in tho chimney-corner. " But my experience is how hope's a thing that don't often come true." There had. been silence that becama less and less broken. After all, had it not been flying -in the face of Faith to brave the Spectre of Hangman's Hollow, in whom every man there had at any rate once be lieved with the ineradicable belief of a cliiid? Such looks as fell upon Annie, as she absent-mindedly busied herself about any triflo she could find at band, were much mora of reproach than of customury admi ration. But those that fell upon Richards were less oft reproach than of scorn. Had not his poltroonery caused the whole of an affair that threatened to end — how? "Good night, Miss Annie," said ho at last, putting on his cap arid rising ; " and good night all." A general grunt was all lie got- for answer. It was still almost as dark as it had been nearly two hours ago;' so that, before he had gone many paces, it seemed as if it were some formless phantom that lightly touched bis arm. Yet he scarcely, started ; and it must/have been Annie's fingers, since it was her. voice that spoke close to his eav. " Richard — you arc gobig to sec what has become of George," " 1 did think it might be as well. There's othor things than nonsense might happen to a man on a dark night along these cliffs. But go back— 'tis rio night for you." "No— I must come, too. I know the way better thqn you; and it was T made liini go. I shan't be missed vet awhile, and if I am — well, I don't cure." "Yes," it was you," I10 said severely, al most harshly. . " If there's one thing a woman ought to be ashumed of, it's show ing off what she can make -a man do against his own sense and his own wilL His folly's her sliame." ' ' " Oh, but you don t understand ! Don t say 'Go back,' for I won't. But if you fit in lr ' T wantrirl — miv tinu'or nvm liim— — Only I couldn't bear to see him sit there taunting you — anybody — like that. Oh, why. will you let them say such things — think such things as they do?" "What things?" " That you — I can't bear to say the word. That you're — afraid." " So I am. Of lots and lots of things. You saw for yourself what a mortal funk I was in about the Caldron. Aren't we pretty near tho point of it now? If we are, for heaven's sake take care! One false step — I expect that will give me many a bad dream. And why shouldn't I be chaffed about the way 1 crawled round it? It's true, and so it's fair." "You aro enough to put mo— anybody that cared — in a rage !" "Anybody that — cared? Are you any body that — cares?" " Wo've come out to look for George," said she, quickening her pace. " Ah, I was forgetting George. But— do you caro for him?" " I caro if he's safe " . Richard staggered backwards, nearly thrown off his feet by the rush of a heavy mass against liim. Annie lifted her lantern, and its faint light fell upon tho face of George, white with such wild terror as is seldom seen on the face of any man. " Run ! Run !" he cried. " But don't stop me! Dan Jarvis is loose aud after mc — after us all !" ' Ho wrestled himself free, and made for the sanctuary of the Unicorn. Richard and Annie just looked, and there, sure enough, came straight towards them a pair of gleam ing eyes, wide apart, and the thud of gallop ing hoofs, and the clatter of wheels. "A carriage — and . there I" cried Annie. "What can a carriage bo doing there — and at that pace! And how the lights sway! Oh — it's swerving to the cliff— it will be into tho Galdron. Ah, it's gone!" She buried her face in her hands, to shut out a far- worse horror than, bad scared George Hale. And so;sho did not see that she was suddenly alone. How many, ages she stood there, with her hands pressed before her eyes, she could nevor remembor. What recalled her to her self was the shouting of the company of th'e Unicorn, hurrying out, iu the supposed safety of noise and numbers, to share in an experience that would supply Westcombe, ' for generations to como, with a feast 'of terror and awe. There were plenty of lan terns now,- one may be sure! And what they showed her was the;body of Richards, lying as dead upon the turf,' and a tall, gray- haired gentleman standing over him and supporting a young lady. "Here— bring lielp, some. of you!" poor Annio heard, as in a dream, as sho knelt over thej form of tho man sho loved — yes, loved; coward or no coward it was to him, she knew, . now, - her' heart had gone. "What is it?", she heard tho. same voice answering a clamour of ques tions--'! Why,, .some idiot yelled out <in the fog, and scared the horse; and there .was presently nothing between lis and the .edge of -the cliff but that poor brave fellow "lying there. Bring a light— it .mayn't be too late." He knelt, and laid his hand upon Richards' he'urt, which just possibly might ho beating still. " Great. Heaven! Kate— if it isn't Bryant— Dick Bryant! , And sco hern !" He took from where the heart might bo no longer beating a small bronze cross tli'at'hiid bung from a red ribbon beneath his clothes. " His' Victoria Cross. ' Not Bryant, '-does somebody say? As' if his own captain, us I was then, . didn't know Ser geant Dick Bryant— tho best and bravest soldier in all England; bar none I" A plank was brought , at last, on which the body of Richard Richards, alias Richard Bryant, might be conveyed to the inn. The officer followed like a chief mourner, and then the young lady, leading Annio. by the hand.; - ' ,. CHAPTER IV. ' "And now— what docs all this mean?" asked : Colonel Asliton, wliou Sergeuut Bryant was sufficiently convalescent to bo questioned. "What business had you, I want to know, to thrust yourself between a' strange carriage, witli a bolting horse, and a precipice? Did you want three to be killed instead of two?" "Well, sir, when you .put it that way, Tj can't say I know. Only the only chance for tliem- that was ill the carriage was to turn the horse iu the nick of time — and there was nobody but myself — " " Oh, you needn't apologise for saving my daughter's life and mine — not at all ! But — what do you mean by hiding , away here under a false name? Not that you could have hidden yourself fur long, seeing that Kale and I. have been taking a place at Hornclilf— but come, Dick Bryant, make a clean hreast of it, and if you've got into any scrape—" "Father!" said Miss Asliton, who had becoino so frequent a visitor to the invalid that, despito her ladyhood, - Annie .might almost have been pardoned for jealousy, " brave men don't do wrong." "Don't they, " though !" said the Colonel. "And it's Dick Bryant has got to answer — not you. Now — what does this mean ?" Tho convalescent looked, distressed. " Per haps, sir," said he, " I might make you understand if I was to speak to you alone." " No, 110. We're all friends here — unless, of course, it was anything that — that ladies " " - "Well, sir, I'll try. Well, you see, when I came home, nem' Bridgewater, what with the Cross and the uewapapers, and tile way the townsfolk went 011, I. was just ashamed. Why, sir, you know yourself there wasn't a man out there, nor at home either, that wouldn't have done anything I happened to do, if he'd got <1\. chance — and more, if it Vtilllr iii ula Utlj " Only you did, and he didn't. Well?"- " Anyhow, I got sick of being praised up and treated, and all fliuh for — for doing what anybody would be a ear not to do. After all, whatever a soldier may do, it can never be more than his duly. And the thing is not what a man does, but what he would do it he'd got to do it; which lie would, if it came in his way. Whenever T saw a man without- the Cross, thought I to myself, Thero goes a man with as good a right to it. as me — and better, for aught I know.' So, for a bit of a holiday, I came out here, where I wouldn't be known — and — well, here I stayed on—and that's all." ' Ah— but why did you stay?" "Father!" laughed Miss Asliton, with a glance at Annie, who (for they were simple folk in Westcombe) sat holding her lover's hand, unheeding who might be there to see. " Bless my soul — of course — to be sure ! But why didn't you tell her who you were, atul show her the Cross, and tell her how it whs won? Why if I was to make love again I'd slick on every decoration I'd got." , " No, you wouldn't, sir, begging vonr pardon. .You'd like to win the lady just by what, you were." " But you tried to win her by what you weren't! You hid your Cross as if it were a disgrace. You changed your name because it was an honour. You ran away from your friends beenuso they were proud of you. Richard Bryant, you've an obstinate block head — that's what you arc !" "Well, sir, a mau must be what he's made." " Yes; but that. isn't all. I'm told you were talked of as no soldier should be, with out setting yourself right even with the young woman you wanted to marry." " Oh, sir," interrupted Annie, shyly, "that didn't matter at all." 'What! 1 thought every woman de spised a—" " So she does," said Annie. " But then you see — and Miss Ashton'll tell you the same— every woman knows if a man is brave, whatever he may pretend." So Gcorgo Hide had been wrong in his tactics from tho very first. Yet he cannot be called a failure. For, as Tho Man Who Had Seen Dan Jarvis, he became a Hero ; and as a Hero, and a handsome one to boot, he made a better match than if he had been obliged to spend his life under the search light of the eyes of Annie, late of the Uni corn. They will tell you at Westcombe how it was nut George Hale but Dan Jarvis that r«u away— though maybe it is Dau that has the sixpence, for it bus never been found. 