| A WONDERFUL CLOCK. ! Two-thirds of the way around the world there Juts t ravelled tin strange story nf a clock—the most nuireclluus that ever clock- fuakor dreamed of. j This fabulous piece of mechanistr). so 'weird iu concept inn, eo infinite, iu delicacy, is lac property of an Indian J'rincn in one of the inland districte of the empire. It whs ihe work of I the vastly kiHcd artisans of tlie Eisl,and the only white nmn, probably, who ever set eye; upon it was the English army officer who went to thy pnlarp of the nabob as bearer of messages from the English Government. and, returning to the coast, told of the marvel lie had w itnessed. The dial nf this clock was outlined in gold upon a carved club of some jecuhar ninrblr, und beneolh il was suspended, lie; w -en two uprights, a silver gung. Then rv brand, fi»t fciirfuce of murbhi spread out before that., littered from end locril with ininaturc bones and t-kul), and here aud there tiny vilver hummers, with little ruuml bsns for beads. The bones M%e»i to be entirely disconnected, and looked only lik« so jnuc!i rubbish rem- nuiiU of the lir.v dead. The clock slyjod in the dining hall where the ceremonious ineal wa> bring served, and as 1 o'clock drew near viiv prince called the visitor's attention to a lurtling among the' dry bones. With a faint clailct they began to rise and come together, a skull set itself upon the shoulder structure, and from the mass of dry bones one tiny skeleton rose complete, with a little hammer clutched in his bony fingers. Ho stood beside the shining gong until the minute hand pointed precisely to the hour. Then, with a quick swing, he drove the hammer against the shining surface, and a biIvlt note, flue as a thread, burst forth and echoed away io soft cadence, among the dis- , t-ant pillars of the palace. Before its whispers ceased in t he stillness the little skeleton had, like the ghost of John James Christopher Benjamin Binns, " gone down aghin," Aud tin: Hsatterod burros lay motionless once more upon thr marble plain. At 2 o'clock the same ceremony was gone through with, eavc that this time two figures rose from out of the heap of boDes and each struck one sturdy stroke. As the hours went on the wonders grew. The dancers and musicians came, and the feast continued in East Indian splendour. But hour after hourof revelry was registered by tlie uprising of one more of the dead, to beat into the understanding nf the revellers the solemn message that another hour had died out of human life and vanished into human history. At midnight when the whole twelve had struck the resonant silver and told out to its finish the Rtory of an idle day, the feasting fled and darkness enwrapped the clock and its mystery. Of its history, of its well- nigh magical workings, its proad owner would say nothing. 