OF IiNTIiitESr TO KVEItVBOI) V- THE ' ENCYCLOPAEDIA BR1TANNICA.' ' A COMPLETE LIBRARY IN ITSELF. \- . Encyclopajdia Britannica ' (9th Kdition) in already known lo everyone, but it is ot interest, in connection with the rciuarkublo offer of (bo Loudon ' Times,' to ljoto the proportions of its component parts. It consists of twenty-four .massive votuulf l', about 't}GO pages each, and a twenty-ilftli volume containing nn elaborate index to tho whole. In addition to the 30,000,0(K) wonls which fill its 2l,lG-t pages of letterpress, it contains 340 full-page plates and bouic 670 maps aud plans occupying less than a pngo cnchT There uro nlso 745(1 other illustrations: Over 110Q writers contributed to the work, and a sum' of more than .£(50.000 was naid for the manuscript nlnne. II* ..'.1 til.. «.;ii, it is bound, eombino witli tho editorial outlay to make it one of the most costlv .works over offered to the public. And; the prico fixed by the publishers. was necessarily. ft high .oner— in somo measure a prohibitive one. Hut the present offer of 'The Times '. has' remedied this one defect, ovcrcomo this one obstacle, uud the ' book tlmt answers questions ' lias now be come ueccssiblo to every tlimightful man who 1ms questions to ask of it. The ' Bnejrelopa;dia Britunniea '. cmbrao-s Ml branches of .human; knowledge, and was written by specialists of the highest distinction. Hot only men of learning— scholars, divines, masters of science und philosophy, but also men of action— statesmen, soldiers and sailors, financiers, jurists and surgeons, artistB and engineers, . manufacturers, sportsmen, and travel lers, have contributed to tho pages of this most comprehensive library of reference. ' ' ' To the casual inquirer it presents all tho advantages which a library of a thousand chosen volumes yicldB to tbo trained soholar who is thoroughly acquainted with each of the thousand. It may, indeed, be said to be ' tho essenco of all books, nncient and niodorn, prepared for convenient use.' Tho contents of the twenty-four volumes aro placed in alphabetical order, and a copious index, occupying the twenty-fifth volume, facilitates cross reference. In the desire to secure convenient disposition of the contents, the quality of interest has not, how ever, beon sacrificed. . ' ? ? ? . . , ; Tho ' Encyclopicdia Britannica ' is not a mere aid to memory, to be hastily consulted in moments of emergency; it is not only the greatest of works of reference, but it is d library in itself, a collection of udmirablo treatises upon all concoivablo subjects. Even tho most recondito branches of learning are treated Tnthout a tracc'of pedantry. The volumes arc eminently readable. The great litterateurs of our day wrote fur it, and ovcrT one of them was proud to do his best in such goodly company. The litorary quality of the ' linoyolopsdia gives it rank among our classics. Tho wido knowledge aud keen sense ot litnets that guided the editors to their happy choicc of specialists may be illustrated by tho mention of ono ex quisite combination. Swinburne, on Kcuts, writes not only wilh the authority of scholarship, but with the even more distinctive authority of a peculiar sympathy iu a common craft. Some! indeed, among contemporary writers may be said to havo dono their most faultless work in tho pages of the ' Encyolopocdia.' Canon Farrar's article on tho early life of our Saviour is not more than twenty thousand words in length, but its concision brings out to the best ad vantage tbo remarkable qualities that made the ' Life of Christ ' so deservedly esteemed. It is tho outcome of a full mastery turned up to tense expression. Turning to the article oil llerangor, a dclicatc elaboration of phrase betrajB the touch of Bobert Louis Stevenson. When Cable writcB on New Orleans, tho reader need not be surprised to find in the article passages which havo been quoted a hundred tiuiCB. For no writer, uot even Dickens, seems so sensitive to impressions of places as the author of ' Dr. Sevier 1 und ' 01(1 Crcolo Days.' Now Orleans is not only Mr. Cable's home j it is, as it were, his nrt. Andrew. Lang, again, tukes the key which his admirers must appreciate when ho writes npoy Mythology, No sub ject, unlets it be ghosts (and Mr. Lang brings them beforo us under, the heading ' Apparitions '), lies closer to Mr. Lang's heart than folk-lore. With his lusting interest in myths and their origin, and Iiis wido knowledge ranges from Grccco to Polynesia, ho puts beforo his readers a complete reviow of tho comparative mythologies of civilised and savage peoples, and his critical faculty enables him to present and discuss with great effectiveness the systems of Professor Max.. lluller and Mr. Herbert Spencer. Tho lato Hobert Louis Stevenson used to say that tho most diflicult.of literary tasks was lo describe a game of cards so clearly that a party could sit down and play: at it by book, nnd to write upon scicncc and, philosophy_for the unscientific and unphilosophieal reader is a task' beset by kindred difliculties. A specialist may ;so muster his subjeut that it ceases .to present IO IUS IIUUU me uriouuo 111 ll= UUIUUIIIIJ, uui. in l' UlUCI, JJ1U1UUUU CbUUl'lUB WHO can achieve this happy result. To Lord Kclvm, I,ord Kayleigh, or Sir William CrookcB, for example, the physicist 8 point of view must have become second unturc. To an astronomer like Sir Hobert Ball the paths of the stars aud planets seem altogether simple j they move to and fro as perceptibly aa the penny steamers that ply on the Thames. The lato ProfesBor C'aylcy said that the valuo of a treatise on pure mathematics 'depended rather upon the order of its statement tlum upon its predicutionB i and his article on ' Functions ' shows that even the most abstruec discussions may display a beauty of construction that brings their com plicated formula' into distinct relation to literary style. .? i There are, indeed, in each field of study but a few specialists who can tell what tliey know so that he who runs may read with understanding, arid it is hardly too riluch to say fliii't, these few arc almost all to be found in tbo ruuks of the ' Encyclopedia Britannica e con tributors. The ' Encyclopicdia ' gavo no hospitality lo the sort of ' harmless drudges ' who used to compile works of reference when the world was younger. Nor is the ' Encylopa;dia,' indeed, in any sense a compilation. The names given here were selected becausc they arc at. the moment very much before the public. They br£rig homo to the reader's mind the vivid and immediate interest of the work. Men and women distinguished in every field of activity were engaged in the task of preparing this matehlcsB library, and a complete list of .their names is no bad substitute for a roll of honour, iu contemporary letters and seieuco.' ?' 16 the student of any special art or science, other names m the full roster might appeal with greater force, but to ovcry general reader even this brief list of acknowledged celebrities will convey some sense of the distinction which characterises the contents of the volumes. Tho ohildrcn and the young folks around the fireside will also find much in the pages of the ' Encyclopedia Britannica ' to prepare them to take their part in cultivated society, or to store their inindB with the ample knowledge winch constitutes the richest treasure of life. 