Gambling. And Its Definition- Tlie appeal by W. Littlejolm agrinst the decision of the R.M. in fining him for keeping a shop for betting purposes, was heard at the Supreme Court on Friday. The information was laid under section 4 of the Police Act Amendment Act, 1893. Against that finding the ^ defendant appealed, and the Magistrate submitted . the following questions for answer:—(J) Does the information disclose an offence under section- 4 of the Act; (2) -was the Magistrate right in convicting and inflicting a penalty; (3) was there sufficient corroboration of the evidence of Constable Byrne; (4) was the evi- Jence of Constable Nasmith rightly admitted; (5) was the defendant rightly convicted. The first question, he thought^ might be answered in the affirmative, for it had to be conceded that the information did disclose an offence. The answer to the second question would; he thought, depend upon the answers to the questions 3 and 4. He contended that there was no evidence to show a user of the shops. A single instance did not constitute a user. There was no evidence either to show that the defendant was on the premises at the time, that the betting ticket was purchased} and there was nothing to connect him with it- The evidence in corroboration of Constable Byrne was that of an accom- plice. The Chief Justice : Can you have a better corroboration than the production of the ticket. Mr Moorhead asked how it was connected with the man Littlejohn. A totalisator was a movable thing, and it might have been taken into ( the .shop by any person, and there was no evidence to connect the appellant with it. The appellant did not bet on it, and he did not bet money out of his pocket against the public. It had been held that a sweepstakes was not a bet, and it could be shown that a totalisator was not either. The Chief Justice: It may have been said that the totalisator machine was for amusement, as in the case of a poker machine. There is nothing to . show that the management derived any profit from it. Mr Justice Hensman : I have heard that some rich people have depraved tastes for gambling, and keep a machine for their own excitement. Mr Moorhead: Baccarat is a favorite ^"form of amusement amongst the rich. Mr Justice Hensman : ' This place was called the * Reliable.' The house 'Reliable Littlejohn/ it sounds like the 1 Pilgrim's Progress.' (Laughter). The Chief Justice: And «Cash Fielder f Is that a man that takes up cash? \- Mr Parker: Perhaps, I may plain. It means a bookmaker, who takes the cash from the bettor, and uses the ticket to record it. Mr Moorhead: My friend is playing c Hamlet,' without the ghost. A cash fif-lder is a man who bets on the field on the racecourse. . Mr Moorhead, continuing, said ittiat a totalisator was a lottery. i . - Mr Justice Hensman: No; it is distinct. In a totalisator, a man selects v liis horse. A lottery is purely chance Mr-Moorhead said that it was necessary also for the informant to show that the public resorted to the shop for the purpose of betting with the appellant, and, as he had said, one instance did not constitute a user, a resorting to. The verb 'resort' had been held to inean 4 to go to, to frequent.' Mr Moorhead referred to the question of "corroboration, and that the evidence of the police was the evidence of accomplices. Mr Justice Hensman: It seems to me strange that if these places are kept open to the public that some honest man could not go in and see what was going on, without betting himself, and procuring the offence. The Chief Justice : I think it is well that the police should understand that it is not necessary for them to go the whole length of committing the offence to give evidence. It is sufficient that they should go in and look about them and see what is done. That would be good evidence. I cannot help thinking — looking at the evidence of Byrne and Dunn-that they thought it was necessary to do the act of betting to • « ive evidence. I am surprised that they are not better advised. The Chief Justice, in giviHg judgment, said that the answer to the first , question would, as Mr Moorhead had conceded it, hp i n the affirmative. The second question was somewhat prematuie. in point of 1 0g i c . Jt r.ad, 4 Was I right in inflicting a penalty under the Act?' The answer to that would bi- that he would hta o been perfectly nght m inflicting a penalty if the charge alleged m the information had b e(? n pr0vod. The tlurd question was: ' Was there any yurroboration 0f Police - Constable l»vrne 1 and that raised the most important question Corroboration was j-p.rjuired, Venu se t ho witness was himself .".-^omplice, a partieeps i-nimms. There was nothing, in law, which settled the amour.' of corroboration that was necessary. To his mind there was ample corroboration. The ticket seemed to him conclusive evidence. il r Mooriiead had argued very strongly that the ticket that Kasmith s^re to, and the one Byrne swore to, were diflerent in character: One was a totalisator ticket, and the other was the ticket of the cash fielder. He did not think that mattered much. It was, at all events, corroborative evidence that C gambling in some form or other was carried on on the premises. He thought that the appellant had been rightly convicted. Mr Justice Hensman said that he also was of opinion that the Magistrate was right in convicting the defendant. With regard to the evidence of the police, hesaid that they were not accomplices who had joined in keeping the house, or in going there to*do what was contrary-, to law, but for the purpose of securing a conviction. He wished to say again that as those offences appeared to be committed most openly, there was no necessity for the constables who went in—they went' in with their private clothes on—to get. the person who was being charged to commit an offence. It would be quite sufficient to see what was going on. The witness Byrne said that he went , in for the express purpose of making the bet, which formed the subject of that charge. The other witness, Kasmith, said that he had been there and taken tickets before. He had won money there and dcawn prizes. That was the man's own account of himself. 1 He thought that those who instructed the police should not put them in what he considered a mean and degrading position, and the police had no right to degrade their offices in that manner. It was contempti- ble, in his opinion, and unnecessary. With i regard to the question 1 Was there corroboration? he said that the necessity for corroboration was not a rulfe of law, but a rule of practice, and it was a good sound rule. In the case of some of those informers outside the police, he would not attach the slightest importance to their evidence, and would not convict on their evidence. However, the witnesses in that case were respectable people, and went to the defendant's place in the course of their duty. They were, however, accomplices at law, for the law made no distinction between the man who violated the law for a good purpose and the man who did it for an evil purpose. Moralists might consider it, but at law there was no distinction. He thought, therefore, that the Magistrate was justified, and all the questions should be answered in the affirmative. 