INDUCTION OF THE REV. R. H. u POTTER The induction of the Rev. R. H. Potter as incumbent of Christ Church, Beech worth, was performed with the usual ceremonial ; the Right Rev. Bishop Goe officiating and delivering an eloquent dis course from Phil, i., 3-5, as follows : — There is something "eminently pleasing in the tone of this epistle to the Philip- pians. The apostle writes so happily to the members of this church. He seems to find so much pleasure in thinking of them aiiddn praying for thein. His key note is joy. He rejoices himself, and he bids them rejoice. . He is not obliged to write argumentatively and controversially to them, as he does to the Galatians ; nor to denounce severely corruptions in life and manners, as he does in his I. Corinthians. So that the gospel is presented here as it is in itself, not in an attitude of opposi tion determined by some passing contro versy or outbreak of evil. We learn from it that the gospel is not all dogma on the one hand, nor a mere code of ethical precepts on the other ; it is life in Christ. "To me to live is Christ," that I may know the power of His religion ; "I can do all thiugs through Christ," &c.; Such a passage as this the epistle for to-day can scarcely fail to remind tlie minister of Christ in an arduous field of labor, of those who labor with him in the work of Christ, and endeavor to strengthen his hands by their loving sympathy and co operation. The words of the apostle in my text are the outpouring of a heart full of gratitude to the Father of mercies for such blessings as these : Whenever he thought of his Christian friends at Philippi, whenever he prayed for them (and he prayed for them with joy), he thanked his God for their fellowship in the gospel, i.e., thev ,;r.i-i him to the furtherance of the gospel. There may have been specially present to his mind their repeated contributions to his necessities; for on his departure from Philippi at the first they had sent offerings to Thessalonica . and to Corinth, aud again, just before he wrote this epistle to them, they had for warded supplies to Rome by Epaphrodi- tus (iv., 15-18). .But in my text we may take the word " fellowship" in the widest sense, as indicating co-operation in every way, whether by alms-giving, or by sym pathy, or by active services. It should be observed that he does not directly thank them for the help thus rendered, but lie thauks God 'for it— " I thank my God upon every remembrance of you." The hearts of all men are in the hands of the Lord ; and if any are inclined by His grace to labor for Him, and to consecrate thomselves to His service, the glory is to be ascribed to Him alone. Hence there is no flattery in the apostle's commenda tion of these people. His language teaches thein that they are not to give credit to themselves for their Christiau zeal and devotion, but humbly and grate fully to recognise the power of the grace of God ; for " what had they which they had not received?" On what grounds, then, may the minister of Christ thank God for the co-operation of his flock with him to the furtherance of the Gospel — (1) On their account ; (2) on account of those around them; (3) on liis. own account. (1) Their desire to advance the Gospel raises a hopeful presumption that they love it. There is indeed a possibility of activity in church work originating in a natural energy .of character which must find scope in some employment rather than in zeal for the glory of God or in attachment to an individual ; and these considerations should lead us to ex amine ourselves very carefully. But mark the apostle's word " Gospel." The Philippians sought to advance the Gospel. It was this which they loved and sought to make known. They recog- ; nised in St. Paul a preacher of the Gospel, and they sympathised with him, succored him, labored under his guidance, with a feeling that in doing this they were helping forward the great cause of the Gospel. This was a token that they loved it ; it had brought peace to their hearts ; they sought to make known the Saviour whom they had found precious to their own souls (ii., 16). For such evi dence of a work of grace in the hearts of those to whom he is sent the minister of Chrisfc-oanripfc but fch,mk God. - "Whatever in'theriPassures him that a change from death unto life has taken place, leading them to love that which no man by nature ever loves, is to liini a cause of deep joy, of hearty thanksgiving to Him from whom alone such fruits can spring. The diligent and conscientious ins true ion of the young in the Word of God — a delight in carrying the message of peace through the blood of the Cross to the sick,".- the sorrowful and the dying— an earnest de sire to spread the kuowledge of salvation throughout the earth— a sympathy with the trials and triumphs of Christ's church —a (cheerful willingness to contribute of worldly substance to the support of agencies whose direct aim is to make it known — a faithful witness borne to him —these are tokens for good which cause the hearts of Christ's ministering servants to sing for joy. Here is " fellowship in the Gospel." Seeing these things, St Paul says, "I thank my God." 2. No one can heartily engage in furthering the Gosp -1 without influencing others. Zeal for and sympathy with a good work are very contagious. "Your zeal hath pro voked very many, "are the words addressed to the Corinth Christians. This should he borne in mind especially by young Christians. The young are inr fluenced by the young. And when the fire, and hopefulness of youth are devoted to the furtherance of the Gospel of Christ, other young persons are very apt to be moved by it, and to fall under its power. The opportunity of in fluencing others for good, valuable at all times, is specially to be valued and em braced in such a time as this; for the rapidity of communication among men, 'the advance of knowledge, the wonder fully quickened interest in the subject of religion, as shown in general conversation, and in contributions to the newspaper and periodical literature of the day — are all calculated to increase the influence which a steady, consistent, Christ like example may exercise over the circle in which' it shines. As to the general awakening of attention to the subject of religion, a, re cent writer observes — " If we may judge by such scraps of information as have come down to us, religion was rarely men tioned in polite society 80 or 100 years ago. If my memory serves me aright. Miss Burney makes one of liei characters in "Evelina" sty of another that "she was vastly too well-bred to mention sucK a subject in good society." There is a great change in this' respect. That most important means of furthering the Gospel, which consists in bearing a faithful witness for Christ in daily life, and in association with others, has per haps a more promising field of usefulness, than ever enjoyed before, owing to the subject of religion. (1 Th., X. 7-8.) When the minister of Christ reflects on the in fluence which is being executed by those who co-operate with him in the Gospel, when he thinks of them as salt, light, leaven, he may say, " I thank my . God. (3.) His calling is different from those of other men. A secular calling may "be pur sued or resigned at the discretion of him who engages in it. But one who has been moved by the Holy Ghost to bake upon the ministry of the Word is not at liberty to cease from its discharge, unless the same Diviuo voice which called him revokes or suspends the commission. Then, again, want of success in a worldly calling does not entail on a man any just reproach. It may arise from lack of ability, or aptitude, or some other cause for which he is not- responsible. But if he who professes to hold a Divine com mission, and to go forth as Christ's am bassador to sinful men, meet with no suc cess, if his ministry carries with it no power to rouse the careless, to cheer the mourner, to instruct the ignorant, to re claim the backslider, or to edify the be liever, such failure calls for deep abase ment before God Upon the success of his work his happiness in the ministry must in a great measure depend. St. Paul said of his people at Theaaalouica, are ,ur glory . and joy." If the clergyman's flock be not his glory and j Jb nought else can be ; for eternal Scl' , " »n« »h" »« give iccount. Thus there is no joy like that ence of thv, g?owmf falfch and obedi whom he watches over y rea2?es ey®nd- this prevent 1 Th' to eternity. Phil, ii., 16 ; p. u' 19- H. then, there is true flwt n. t ? '1 between him and his m of the Gospel, he may well say, " I thank my God," for in thlfiff6 ?nay he not venture to hope that the holy bond of Christian love and labor formed on earth shall be perfected here- after i„ the day of the Lord Jesus Chust, when they that sow and they Ha wi P , rejoice together. He who now speaks to you has much cause to thank his God, for that « feZv 80SPeV" which He has met with m this parish from the first day of Hls coming till now. If any of those who thus co-operate with him feel at any tune discouraged by the difficulties thev meet with, arising from felie sin and i«nor- ance and wickedness which so abound on all sides, let thein recollect how greatly they are strengthening- the hands of the clergy by their prayers, sympathy, and unselfish help. Bub observe how the apostle says (ii. 2), "Fulfil ye my joy"; complete it by going forward in the culti- ration of all Christian graces." 