RELIGIOUS. Tito Rev. C. M. Sheldon lias been telling tho peoplo of Edinburgh that, In ordor to apply tho teaching of Jeans Christ to four different kinds of people, via., lawyers, doctors, business men, anil journalists, ho got leave of absence from his church In Topeltn, nnd lived a week with ths lawyers, nnoiner wiiu me doctors, a intra with tho business moil, nnd edited a newspaper lor a week. An to the lawyers, his general conclu sion was that Christianity did not lnlluoneu their lives at all. and some of the heat lawyers said tjiey did not think men lit their profession could ho Christians. lie did not believe that. Ho was disappointed with Ills week among the doc tors. They never talked abouL Christ; they be came hardened, and talked about the human body, "the temple of the Holy Ghost," as if It wero a hit of meat. llu urged doctors to en noble tlielr profession. They should tell patients, nnd particularly young peoplo, of tho evils of alcohol on the human body. Not moro than hnlf-n-dozon business men with whom ho talked in his week with them could say that they really tried to llvo a Christian life In business. They said It was not possible. He did not be lieve that, though It might mean loss of money. He hated the word "success" when applied to tho success of some business men. Successful thieves lie culled them. In America men who had pews In church anil helped to pay tho pastor's salary combined to "corner" tho necessities of life. Dealing with journalism, Mr. Sheldon denied that his essay as editor of a daily was a failure. Ills editing wns mennt as an object- lesson, not as an experiment. He hnd received thousands of letters promising support to a real Christian daily If he would only start one. One day ha got OSS letters. Consequent on the vote of the Primitive Metho dists on the question of Methodist Union, the Methodist Federal Council has resolved lo ask tho several conferences of 1001 to llx a definite date in 1002 for the consummation of union In this colony. It. was further resolved: — "That there he prepared a plan of union, including tho necessary details for giving effect to tho union on the linsls agreed upon by the general confer ence. That .Inquiries he at once made as to eases In which amalgamations or readjustments are desirable, and which might be immediately effected In u tentative form, nnd for which con- ferentlnl authority may be obtained next year. That a general plan ho prepared for tho amal gamation or readjustment of circuits anil churches of the uniting churches, to come into operation whero practicable Immediately upon organic union being effected, and not later, In any case, than three years subsequently thereto; anil that a committee bo appointed to deal wilh II1U tlJIL'C 11 »l VfcjV» H.BWIHVIUUO, "lit ILjigiu u/ the council," Tho nrltlsh "Law Journal" details Hie vari ous slops by which the position of English mis sionaries In tho Yellow Empire was secured. First on mo clauses in tho English Treaty o( Tien-tsln I" 1S5S. guaranteeing tho personal safety of mis sionaries, anil declaring that If they acquired 'nnd at the treaty ports and certain other places ">o agreement should be mndo "without exactions op either side." Tho Froncb Treaty of 1S5S pro tected French missionaries travelling pcacably "nil with duly-authcnticutcd passports icUie In terior, and also by a clause permitted them to nurehnso land and erect buildings "in all tlio in-ovinces." Of this clause, English mlssion- "'Ics ennio In tlmo lo get tho conventional bene fit, and the Imperial seal to their status and that of tho missionaries of other countries was given by an edict in ISO!, which, after declaring "the right of foreign missionaries to promulgate their religion in China," dlrcctod the authorities, under tho strongest sanctions, to protect them and their converts. Tho Rev. .T.- 11. and Mrs. Mehnrry's visit to Now South Wales is now drawing to a close. "= they proposo leaving for Now Zealand about the 15th Inst., nfterwnrds, at Auckland, catching thc mnllhoat for San Francisco, which leaves Svtiney on tho 29th Inst. They hope to reach England by the third week in October. Mr. W. M. Oatts, who Is visiting the Australian Y.M.C.As., In addressing a mooting of business moil in tho Athenaeum, Melbourne, on tho sub ject of profit and loss, referred to tho well-known cricketer Sludd. who soma yoars ago became a missionary in China. Mr. Studd informed Mr. Oatts that his dotormlnntion to become a mis sionary had resulted from reading atheistic literature, wherein It was urgod that Christians, though profossing to possess the revelation from God, yet apparently treated thc teaching of the Bible with Indifference nnd disregard. That statement led him to go to China in responso o what ho believed to bo tho command given in God's Book. The mooting for business men be gins to-day at a quarter to 1 p.m., and the general meeting in the Independent Church at S o clock. Tho Archbishop of Sydney has Issued a special form of prayer for thanksgiving at tho cessation of tho plague, and 'also a special prayer for uso during thc disturbances In China. In connection with tho Intercolonial Y.W.C.A. Conference, to bo held In Mclboupe during tlio first week In Soptomber, and tho proposed Aus tralasian Council, Mrs. Dovoy, Mls-scs Morgan, Hay, and Ronnlo have been asked to act as dele gates for New South Wales. The appointment of a general secretary for the Sydney Y.W.C.A. has been loft in thc hands of a special sub-comralttce. The party of Indian boys, who are visiting the colonics in connection with the Salvation Army's appeal for the Indian Famine Fund, have arrived safely in Melbourne, whore they wero welcomed at an enthusiastic gathering in tho Town-hall on Thursday night. Tho boys, who were rescued by tho Salvation Army offlcors during the 97 famine, give a series of Indian action songs and various callstlienlc eocerctaos. Tho party la duo to arrive at Albury on tho 2nd September, and will bo visiting the principal centres of this colony prior to going to Queensland. Upwards of 200 ollicers bnvo received appoint ments in connection with tho recent field change affected by tho Salvation Army In tills colony. Captain Barnes, Into of Armidale, lakes an ap pointment nt tho People's Palace. Captain Tin- . dall goes to tho Manly Industrial Colony, Aaju- tant Wright, of that place, being transferred to Queensland. Tho promotion of the following offl cors has been elfocted this week:— Lieutenant Sharp, of Sofnla, to tho rank of captain; Lieu tenant Dentin, of Klantn. to tho rank of captain; ; Lieutenant Driscol, of Walcha, to the rank of onptnln. All tho foregoing lako cbargo of corps within tho colony.' _ , , „ . . At thu last mooting of tho Church of England standing committee, tho Revs. John Vnugban : nnd Cuuon Corletto wero olcctod representatives . to the general synod in place of the Dean ot ; Sydney and tho Vcn. Archdeacon Guuthor, re- SlMT.a'j. T, M'WIlllam, B.A., travelling score- j tary lo tho Australian Student Christian Un on, had tho collarbone of his right shoulder broken wiiiin nlnv'.mr football for pnBt students of ht. | Paul's Collego against present students 011 Thurs- I day afternoon. Tho lust mail brought news from j Mr. W. II. Sallmon, B.A., written at Ihossulo- . "'writing to his diocesan magazine, the Blshpp | nf Natal says that ho 1ms been approached uy , Lady Roberts with the view of having tho piece ot ground whero her son, Lieutenant Roberts, is , buried consecrated. This would provldo for tho grave being kept up. , A now church iu America Is to have a roof gar den Instead of a steeple. During the hot summer months services will bo hold thero amid toa scent of Bowers and under tho waving branches of palms and other trees. Tho Melanesinn Mission has just completed ub ! Jubilee. An effort is being made to mark the 1 event, by providing Lue mission with a new ship. The present vessel Is too slow for the work, and | unite unsuitable. Hishop Wilson is unable to 1 visit many of the Islands on account of tho iu- oitlciencv of the ship. Friends of tho inlsaloti in New South, Wales are endeavoring lo raise £1000 towards tho cost of a new vessel. Already a considerable sum bus been subscribed, aud on Wednesday next a sale of work in aid of too found will bo opened in the Y.M.C.A.-hnll, ritt- Btroet, by Lady Mary Lygon. A strong commit tee of Indies has been formed, nnd it is expected that the Halo will bo a great success. The Rev. W. J. Cakobread, of St. Anne's. Strathfield, B secretary of the fund, nnd Misses E. S. Mort and j M. Suumarez Smith, secretaries for th,o salo or work. 