SPORT JOTS THE TURF. The Hobart Turf Club poeitively wound or. the racing Beason (ubru tho South is eonoerned) on Baturday wits a race meeting ft.twa.fall of go from the sound of the wnivb-ont gong for the initial event, lhe S5ma««efwhioh incloded Lady Gorman itan and party. was quite op to the average. The respectable sum V £llf found «ts way tt«0B» Ae machines and the racing was Sebistseenet the Park this season. At the end of a moot profperous year* racing mdneted by the H.T.C , one cannot ret rain oonoucic j ? nfiViiinn-to-date from appi»«uluB w~. ---?---—- « . club and its energetic officials. Now to the £Sng. Witb tbeexoeption oftbeOoosolat.on Stake* the Beld« throughout tho day were oflarge dimensions, and in a conple of in k.\,nL dashing Rood finishes resulted. Th°^oordneldBof nine .ported silk for the Hnrdle Eaoe, but the lumping wai bad, SSf O'»Kre.Sig«er«-. and Butcher Boy ooSng to grief. The rideraof the two last named I got off witb a few ecratcheB, but the onfortunat* Paddv Kennedy who had the mount on Rory O'More, had hw collar-bone broken. ^dullest of being, could notice something funny duriDg the running of tb» nwe but 'the best laid schemes' are always apt to go bung, and this time the £™p'rat5r.werehadlyMt, u the wrong ™n caught the judge's eye. -Business com menced with the Trial Handicap, for which nine runners lined up. At the word go SSibo. wa. favorite but he looked rather ln«ty, and took no part in the finish, which Wsj , fought out between Woolwich and Little Mac, the former scraping home, and for the Becond time on thu course paid a ^fehrt ^rsesl™ fth. Northstarting in the Hurdls Eaee, backers for the time being were in a bit of a quandary, but it mi Lon aeen tbat Eory O'fiore was the rod hf pickle, and there was a blackguard rush to Jet on the good thing. Those who were nof ii tbe know followed the fortune, of Veracity end President, and a few pinned mShUUi to JP and Elon A. soon a. the kienal waa given tbe favorite .hot out, and aeemed to have an excellent winning chance when be name to grief. Elon wa. then left in charge, with Vera.ity.whohad been lay ing well behind, coming very fast but she could never quite get up, and Elon who waV all out, won by a length. Dividend, A 'n.eful team of seven contested the Risdon Handicap, and after Borne spirited fpeoulation Marie wae a slightly better favorite than Burf, while plenty of money was forthcoming for Dawn, FasBiefern, am Tbe Peeress. Tbe last named ebot out of the slip, and led for .even furlong., where tbe favorite, patiently ridden by Daley moved up, and in the twinkling of an eye aboute of ' Marie wine' rent the a', and sure enough the Mozart mare carried her big load and won handsomely from Tbe Peeress, while Burf, who wa. backed in the right quarter, ran wretchedly. Dm dend, £1 17s. , _ .. Eight wae the main for the June Handicap, which on paper looked tweet Rood* for Maga zine, who hid alarKeMlowinK, while Jose phine, whom certain people tbink a cham pion, was entruBtcd with plenty of the need ful and Tarn wae fancied in some quarters. When the barrier wae related Magniiine wae left stnndiug, but quality predominated, aetbe Northern mure Brnduully made up i,A. iA.i iminnd nnd beat the rank outsider Woolwich by a nofe. Dividend, i,L 4*. With Marie not eligible to «l»rt, Veracity was the pick of tho baekel for the Con.ola tion Stakes, with tho much boomed Aeshur next in demand. Like llagoune, Veracity began slowly, but sue galloped over every thing at the finish, and won by a length. Dividend, 19b. The Open Trot attracted the usual large field, no lane than 22 stoppers facing the starter, and all Laving a go (dicken). The ungainly Eauriki for once in a way pulled biB numerous backers through, the place-getters being Towy and Scissors in the order notned. Dividends— First £1 8s, ?eoond 17s, third £2. . The Ta.manian owned Progression, by Pilgrim's Progress, wob brought aoross from Melbourne this week. He le now located at OaUtock. In the short space of three weeks Frank Allieon has made quite a new horse of But cher Boy, who now looks wonderfully well, end gives promise of winning another Hurdle Eaoe or two next season, Britisher was advertised to be shot for )iit Wednesday. Alveston was sent aoross to Victoria laet week, and BnapBhot and Sootty are under orders to oross the straits shortly. The Adelaide RaoingCluboonoluded their winter meeting on Saturday, wheu the item par excellence of the day, tbe Alder man Cap, fell to that good mare La Cara bine, who carried 9-B and won by a length from Gunga Din. The winner's was a great performance, ae she wa. six lengths behind Dirk Hammerhand and tiunga Din with only a furlong to go, bnt putting in a bril liant ran she out them down, and the ghost of her late owner moat have enjoyed seeing the mare win so olererly under her big weight, A big field went out for the Hose Partr TTnndinan. which reunited in a dead beat between Bloodstone and 8tagelight. In the run off odds of 4 to 1 were laid on Stage light, and the Macquarie horse won oom Fortably. Tbe Duke got bottle in tbe Steeplechase, which event brought about the death of Orb and Brutus. The Hurdle Race went to Carbonate, Coalhrook Stakes to Carl, and Marryatville Handicap to an outsider in Affable. On Monday lost entries cloBed for suoh important events as the Oaulfield and Mel bourne Cap', Toorak Handicap, Bp.om Handicap, Metropolitan (Stakes, V.E.C. Grand National Hurdle and Steeple, and Canlfield Grand National Hurdle and Steeple. The jumping raoe. maintain their popularity with owners, and in each of the Cups a record entry has been established, tbe totals being Melbourne Cup, 172; Osulfield Cap, 170. This must U_ i~A*.~A »_nA:fn!s.» in tttA XT H. fl onA lie IUUVCU glHVUYlUg 1U bUD * auiiv* BMW 4 V.A.T.C., and perhaps the large entry can : be accounted for from tbe fact that there i are no Carbines about, whioh gives the i second-rater a winning chanoe. Bobadil'e i name is missing from both Cups, which i seems a pitj ; bnt some of tbe two-year-olds may tarn out good enough to fill the gap made by the brilliant St. Alban's colt. Our little colony is represented in the Mel bourne Onp by CarloB, Fideli., City Band, and Eiridsdale, and tbe fonr mentioned, with tbe addition of Eapid, represent a. in the Canlfield Cap, for which our old triend Paris has been entered. Of course, much the same cattle are engaged at both the National meetings. Wait-a-Bit's name appears in both hurdle races, and such tried jumpers as Floater. Hayseed, Loch Fad, ApBley, Valdie, Myatery. Welfare, Pat, Bethnal, Pirate, Bluoher, Irish Stew, Euro, and Vigil have been nominated. I also notice that Trendle is an aspirant for Grand National honors. ' Tbe Tasmanian Trotting Association hold a meeting at RUdon Park on the 20th of this month. Entries close with Mr. J. J. Wignall on Tuesday next. The following items require attention :— Open Trot, £10, li miles; Maiden Pony Trot, £8. \\\ miles; Open Trot, £17, 2J miles ; Open Pony Trot, £10, li miles ; Open Trot, £25, 3 miles. Phil Daley quite excelled himself on Marie in the Biedon Handicap last Satur day. Tbe mare had a big weight, and in stead of vking her to carry it all tbe way she waa nioely nursed for five furlongs, when sbH ranged up alongside the leaders, and the race was all over, albeit Daley, being over-anxions to study his employer's inte rests, wa. nearly caught japping. Teddy Knight, ewner of Mora, Eoyal Purple, and others, is jaat reoqvering from a serious illness, contracted while attending tbeV.E.C. Autumn meeting. Mr. J. G. Clarke, who own. The Grafter, was one of the many who backed Syerla in preference to bis own horse for tbe City and Suburban. Ten-year-old gelding Swagman— winner of Disposal Stakes at Wagga— lias had a chequered oareer. Six years ago he won in and around Sydney, ond has since given Viotoria, WeBtralia. India, and South Afrioa a turn, gathering in money all the time. He wa. hamstrung at Wodonga (Vic.) two years back, but some olever vet. fixed him np. In 22 years that big three-mile event, the A.J.C. Pinte, has only been done under 6.40 on ten different occasions. Carbine's third victory was achieved in 6.27, mainly because Mr. M'Laughlin'i nag, Oorrete, set him a go. 'Ome mail news i. that the famous nag Flying Fox lias taken up his quarters at M. Blanc s stud in France. The owner is game ; he wanted to raoe hie new purchase in Ascot Gold Cup. and thus risk defeat and conse quent deterioration in stud value. Only ten mares are to be put to Flying Fox thu year. Flying Fox hae been a huge gold mine, and looks like keeping on that way, bar accidents. He rakod in, while racing, over £40,000, and was sold for £87,000. The St. Albans' oaet-off Auric goes into Joe Oripps' etable, At the Anatolian record anotion sale of boraes at Albury la«t month.lVO hones were sold for £18,800. The demand was entirely on account of the South Afrioan war. Mand S., whose record of 2.8 J stood a. the trotting record of the world for many years, is aead. Maud 8, made her reoord on an oral traok, in an old- fashioned hickory snlky, and many judges of trotting in Ame rioa reckon that the old-time mare's reoord is equal to the modern records on kite shaped tracks in pneumatic sulkies. Trials have been made by eome of the modern cracks under the old conditions, but they have never been able to beat the Maud S. record. A common dodge on the part of Syd ney pony jockeys is to squeeie in next the raiU near tbe finish of a raoe, and if de feated, enter a protest for interference. A Hobart syndicate is anxious to seonre Marie, and give her a go at hurdle racing in Victoria. The mare is asid to take kindly to jumping, and we all know be can gallep. Now tbat the Tasmanian Racing season is at an end some of our trainers will take wing for t'otherside. Diok Taylor will take Carlos and Fidelia over, and Doyle and probnbly Clare will also do tho journey. At the Moonee Valley meeting, held laet Monday, Milan won the Steeplechase, beat ing some pretty tost hones. The other raoes were won as follow:— Hurdle Eaoe, Paradox; Trial Handicap, Wide Awake; nr .w ? rl ? j:«-H TTAMmila . \Tall*v ITttndi :ap, Lorna; May Handicap, Horonda. A well-known sport, who rarely misses a Southern race meeting, has lately taken to ?ifie shooting. He entered for a matob last Saturday, and when the handicaps made :heir appearance he was astounded. In itead of being n few points off eoratoh as be inticipatcd, he was given the limit, 'Well, tliia is a good thing for one,' he assured himself. So good did he oonsider it that be actually forsook Eisdon Park in favor of the range. Man proposes but somebody else disposes; our friend oame in seoond last out of 11 ttarteri ! 'Tin dangerous to intro duce the subjeot of rifle shooting when a oertain young man is about. Melbourne Gup entries much more than last year, namely: 172 against 147; Derby, 149 against 128; Caulfiold Cup, 170 against 152 ; V.E.O. Oaks, 80 against 66. It's bad business to back a rank outsider with the books, aB phenomenal divs are not a rarity with tote betting. Brisbane added another one to the long list, when on last Saturday Prince Edward, the winner of tbe Steadbrook Handioap, paid £81 13s, an equivalent of £129 16s to «l. . The Bendigo Eacing Olub commenced their meeting on Wednesday, with the fol lowing reBults :— Epsom Stakes, Spoilt Gfl; Bendigo Pletn. Flirt. ; Hurdle Eace. Gold finder ; Steeplechase, Kaloola; Up- Country Uaudicap, AUander. Eoyalty will probably remain with Doyle, who thinks a lot of tbe chestnut, and is prepared to pay a good price rather than let the oolt leave his stable. ; Mystery, who played a prominent part ih tbe Nationals last year, is in work again at FlemingtOD. ?? The steeplechaser N.Z. will forsake the raoecourse for the bnnting field this season. Tbe Melbourne Hnnt Club hold a meeting at Flemingtbn to-day. At the Epsom races la.t,Saturday a Grand National candidate in Apsley was started in the Hurdle Eace. and finished third, Lando donned silk in the Welter Handicap. He was not quoted in the betting, and was never in the hunt. Eesults :— Hurdle Race, BathurstBnrr; Trial Handioap, Melodeon ; Welter Handioap, llfracombe; Steeplechase, B.B.; Epsom Handicap, Slatin ; Mordiallic Handicap, Gosport. That good old alave FaBeiefern has pro bably run his last raoe. The dapper little brown will now be given a shance to dis tinguish himself at tbe stud. ,, Punter (Burnie) : Milan is the property or Mr. Peroy Miller, who bought him in Tas mania and sent him to OrippB to train. Results at Eandwick last Saturday :— Hurdle Eaoe, The DeemBter ; Exeter Stakes, Duke of Kent; Steeplechase, Brokerage; Ellesnere Stakes, Cremona; High-Weight Handicap, GJenore. Euro and Vigil have arrived at head quarters to be prepared for the Flemington and Ca*il6eld Nationals. Loch' Lnigb has been awarded 8-6 m the Onkleiffk Handioap, to be run at Flemington to-day. DiBfigured is top weight with 9at. Mr. Percy Miller got tho moo price of 6 to 1 about Milau for the SteepleohaBe at Mopee Valley on Monday, he won very ''it « understood that Mr. W. E Wil.on lett instructions in bis will that his racing and breeding etud at St. Albans should be carried on as heretofore until a suitable opportunity for selling arose. His executors, lerefore, deoided to ran La Carabine for the Alderman Cap on Saturday, and the mare won. She seems to have shaped in much the same way as in her other raoes this season, coming with a brilliant ran at the finish. She ran this way in the Birth day Oop, but, though finishing best there, could not quite get up. In Saturday's race the distance was two furlongs farther than the Birthday Gap, and this suited her ad mirably, as she is a great ataysr. No aire stood out prominently at the Adelaide Racing Olub meeting. Paul Pry won two important evene. for Loohiel, and Trenton, Albury, Macqnarie, and Thunder bolt had two wins each. The moat snooess tul rider at tho meeting was B. Lewis, who won fonr raoes— the City Handicap on Fleet Admiral, a oouple of raoes on Stage light, and another on Lord Trenton. Looh Fyne, recently purchased by the Sydney trainer Tom Pavton, brake his leg while doing a gallop at Bandwiok the other morning. The hone was immediately der Yke Fonlsham has bought Mr. Sawyer's share in Lanoaiter, and the Hotohkise Frailty colt is now the sole property of the Oaulfield trainer. At the sale of Mr. John Oromier'e raoe horees last Monday Sparta was knocked lown to Mr. n. A., wooa, on nensii oi ur. A'Farlane, for 82} guineas. Troobon was he only other one of Mr.iOniier's sold, Mr. Arnold Ferry giving 60 guineas for him. 3loodstone was passed in at ISO goineas, he reserve being 160 ; Oieero at 120, the ?eserve being 160; Onngi Din at 460, tbe reserve beiug 700 : Fotheringay at 800 ; ivhile Dam Dam, who is a fall brother to tarsus, did not elicit a bid. The Brighton Jockey Olub stewards mst last Saturday ? to oonsider trainer Leslie's sondoot at Brighton on Qassn'a Birthday, h Leslie in the meantime apologised to Mr. ttodgman for hie (Lethe's} unseeming behaviour, a reprimand was deemed suffi sient to meet the case. The Bendigo Jockey Club concluded their meeting on Thursday. Eesults: Second Hurdle Race. 9 rev Star; Firing Handi cap, Vesperus ; Grand'Annual Steeplechase, Bpieler ; Winter Handioap, Halwood ; Wel ter Handioap, Independent. The late Mr. W. E. Wilson's rasehorsM, in training, will be sold next Anguat, and the stallions, brood mares, etc, in Deoem So and So broke down at Flemisgton last Thursday. He will not be seen nnder colors at tbe National meetings. CYCLING. To-day tbe Railway Oinb hold the first road raoe of the season, starting from Glsnorohy at 8.S0 p.m. The raoe will start and finish in front of the Raoecourae Hotel, but paoern mast draw off at tbe green flag half way down Glenorchyl Hill. The handi caps are as follow : Kearney, aoratoh ; Ernmett, flimin ; Parker, Ley, Smin ; Paynter, 8J min j Kennedy, tmin; Craw ford, Barnea, 8}min ; Balier, Besseil, 4min ; Waloh, Donnelly, and Law, Umin, Tbe courss is about 8J miles. It's about up to Crawford to tret borne to-day*. Once again lie holds the distinction of being favorite; bnt Walch, Bessell, and Salier are expected to keep him jigging. .«..,. The Melbourne Bicycle Club, with a bank balanoe of £6547 can afford to swell its Dliost and orow lustily. Most of the big money waa raked ih at the Austral meets, last year's profits alone totalling £1494. The Post and Telegraph officials of the head offloe purpose holding tbeir annual road raoe on Saturday, 23rd inst Distance about 9 miloe, from Oooley'a to Fagg's Hill and back to starting point. Several en tending competitors have already been noted loampering over the course ; Jaok McGregor, Donnelly, and Rusty showing to advantage. George Dore is in good nick, and has snooeeded in getting 'deadwood' on bis pards by securing the servioss of the steam roller as pace-maker. In view of the contest Joe Mul is being awidiously looked after by an expert trainer. The welkin will ring if Joe orosses the line first. In response to the offer of the Soldier Emperor. William of Germany, to give a prise of £4000 for the beat designed and moat Berviceably-eqnipped armoured motor-oar, a Yankee firm has sent forward an entrant. It is an armour-sheathed carriage equipped with rapid-firing machine guns. The motor develops 40 h.p. and is oopable of propelling tbe oar, with its armour, guns, 10,000 rounds of cartridges and three men, at a maximum epeed of 20 miles en hour over ordinary roads Tbe wheels of tbe war maobine are fitted with Urge rubber cushion tyre», wliioh will oarrf it over ploWhed fields and lands that woaUi-e impracticable for horset drag ging maobine guns. With each war ma chine mounting two guns will be two extra guns in reserve. This will allow for tbe guns being ohangsd for oleaning purposes, and it is estimated that a fire of 600 rounds of cartridges per minute may be maintained. Each machine will have an armoured motor tender carrying reserve ammunition and stores, with- provisions also for mounting guns if the necessity arises. The motor-car would be capable of a sustained run of 160 to 200 miles without stoppage for extra fuel, and it is predioted that a train of six armoured cars, as described, would prove more effeotive tban a troop of mounted in fantry, because' of its superior mobility, oould do good work where cavalry or mounted infantry would be useless.' Similar motor oars have been designed for carrying supplies and for transport purposes in war fare. Tbe designs and descriptions of the war machines have been forwarded to the German Ambassador at Washington, with a reqnei* that they be direoted to the proper channel to compete for the Emperor's once. Complete machines, it is stated, will be bnilt and forwarded to Germany for test work. Plngger Bill Martin's successes in Aus tralia b as stimulated other Yankee ridors who would like to do something similar. Among our likely visitors is O. W. Miller, the long distance ore ok. Should he make np his mind to visit the colonies he wilt bring his paoing tandems, which are among me swiiiest iuin|[s id muunuu, Tbe introduction of motor pacing on Aus tralian tracks is at this time handicapped, if not impossible, as, with the exoeption of two tracks (the Sydney Cricket Ground and Adelaide Oval), the tarns are insufficiently banked to permit of up-to-date ptoe. At present tbe Continental and American traok owners are busy debating the question of reconstructing their traoks to meet the requirements of the motor tandems and oycles; and in Australia the enterprising DunlopOo. bat bad to forego the big advt. of importing French motor trioyolei, cap able ol covering a mile in abont lm 20s, nnd 40 miles an hour. Following on Murphy's sensatlonsl mile rids, paced by a loco., comes another ambi tious Tank, Nat Butler, who is now looking for a suitable course, Butler believes that he can cover tbe mile on a speciallypre pared board traok laid between the railway ines, paced by a loco., in better time than 67s*o. G. S. Bolting is credited witk having rroently ridden at Orleans a etraight-away mile ou the road in lm 12 2 -6s. Bolton was paced by a motor tandem. The reoord reads like a George Washington. The new motor fire engines constructed for the Paris municipality are doing splen did work, and simply out-class the old pattern engines. Six men are oarried on e'aoh motor, and a speed of thirteen miles an hour is attained. In tbe 1000 miles motor trial, whioh is being ran through England undsr the aus pioei of the London Aatomobile Clnb, 74 cars and motor cycles started. All clas.-ee of automobile, are represented, from mon ster cars of 12 h.p. to waggonettes, pbeatone, viotorial, voiturettes, quads and tricycles. The tour is not to be a raoe, but simply a trial of endurance, although pace will count points. All classes of road, will be in cluded in the programme, and at eaoh stopping place experts will check detaiU and report on tbe type of vehicle that be haves best on the long give- and-take journey. J. Platt-Betts is fast regaining his lost form, as shown by bis receut mile world's record, standing Btart, of lm 39 2-6s, ridden on tbe Crystal Palaoe track, London. Arthur Riohardson's booklet, ' The Story «f a Remarkable Ride,'1 has gone through three editions of 10,000 eaoh. Clipped readers may get one gratis by writiug to the Dunlop Tyre Co., Melbourne. The muddle made by the New Zealand League when selecting a representative for the world's championships has now been straightened out by removing the disquali fication from the victim, G. Sutherland, who is now en route for Paris. MaOriland will be represented by Reynolds and Suther land, but neither are expeoted to do mnoh more than enjoy their picnic. Bioyclss were known in military circles as far back as 1867, when oertain oftloers of Napoleon III. paid some attention to the Sieen of wheels, among them being General nlbfet, who figured in tho Dreyfus oase. If you are at all particular with ; our toilet, you will liavs only Marvel Borax Toilet.* 