p— : J : — — — — II l«ll. III! _ ALL/RIGHTS BESEBVED.j Mt%ld CttMt Bii. CHAPTJiB XI . — Continued. "I hope you may, and i believe you trill be. Here Is the carriage. Let us .. go In. I" suppose Mr. 'Savile Is ready. Notblng.proved -3to me his mother's \- complete restoration so much as her speech about him. 'Let him go away with you, Mr.. Rawson/ she said; "it he travels about with us he will only be an additional responsibility to MIsb Desmond.- Hlchard is incapable of tak ing care tifi himself. She Is marvel lously toKetjt idown by suffering and sjmpath hut we cannot expect the Ethiopian to change Ills skin, nor the leopard his spots altogether, though one may become a shade lighter and the other havfe fewer marks." Jt was"wfth' & thankful heart that Hope Desmond found herself and her charge safely housed in the Stafford Square iftbnsion. Mrs. Saville bore the Journey well — Indeed, Jotter than her companion,, .whose pale cheeks and heavy eyes bespoke mental and physi cal exhaustion. Mrs. SavUle's usual medical attend ant, or rather the medical attendant of the household, for the wiry woman scarcely j knew what Indisposition meant, awaited her arrival and no- . ticed Miqs .Desmond's looks. "If 1 might offer advice unasked. I would recommend a tonic and some days' complete repose to this young lady," saidihe polite practitioner. "It seems to me that her nervous system is somewhat overstrained." "She shall do as you direct," return ed Mrs. Saville, with her usual decis- : Ion. "I win look to her myself. She has brayed horrible infection for me, and has had a large share in saving my life; therefore I value hers beyond everyone's except of course my sons Yes, you look frightfully IB, Hope. I cannot have this." "Perhaps If I went to Miss R&wson; for a few days." said Hope, with hesi tation, "1 might gather strength soon er. Here I shall always want to be up and about." "You shall be nursed In no other house than this; so, doctor, send In your prescription soon. As for me, I want nothing but good food and oc cupation." "You are Indeed marvellously well and strong, considering what an Ill ness you have gone through. We have now every reason to hope that you will be spared to your family and friends for many years." "Much my family and friends care about that Fpecial mercy," returned Mrs. Saville, with one of her Ironical smiles. "Good morning, doctor." And the doctor bowed himself out. Thank God, he is gone; I am dying to read my letters," cried Mrs. Saville. "Here is a thick one from Mr. Raw- son." She opened It, and (hen, grow ing rather white, exclaimed, "Why, It encloses one from Hugh!" This she r-T Tead eagerly, and then reperused 1L \- "'Ah, if 1 could believe he careG for me." 'she said, at length. "The letter is like himself, tender yet obstinate. He will be there nearlv as noon a& tbl6," she went on, her small, thin fingers closing tightly on the paper. . "He implores' rne to let him see his i . mother's . face once more — the mother he has been so near losing. Rawson has evidently told htm. of my illness. He confesses I had a right to be angry: 1 but reiterates his conviction that he : has done well and wisely In securing the sweetest wife mac could have." "You will see him. dear Mrs Sa- \/r ville ?" cried Hope, with white, parch- vV/ - ed lips. "You were so good as to think I was of use to you; if you would amp ly .repay me, see your eon— let him plead for his wife. They are married, . . yeu cannot separate them, and if she -'-;7 is ft true woman it will break her heart \- to know -that she has parted mother and son.- It 4s In our power to confer ' such happiness." ; V; "I will -receive my. eon. Af to his wile, I cannot say 'what I shall do. I gave Rawson, directions to have her -1 watched; it was -a shabby thing to : : ;i_ do,lnit' did it. He has had her .l: -closely j. shkdowed, but she has been -ahfoiutely well conducted. Still, if it \- ; is inray power fco confer much happi ness It ..was fn ers to create much tnU«ry, and she did it ! Why, Hope, what is the matter? Are you ill?" : Hope fell back in her chair so deadly ,77 white and moljonlesf, that Mrs. Saville A was terror-Etru ck. She rang violently, 5 ; And TOBjilng to the fainting girl, began r v -o rub her cold-bands. "Bring 'wa£er,"wlneT send Jessop ? 1 —wl! back the doctor . she cried. In great agitatlon, to the astonished but- ler. who iiaariever hefore aeen hletm- jtfTtous mistress ' so .moved. , %The doctor has Just driven. off, #m: but 1 will .send -Jessop.' " «oon ttie lady's-maia. th, 'butler. And . the bousekeeper s were trying to. bring [?] [?] [?] took charge of a couple of letters when she bade her young friend good-bye. It was then established itiat Miss Desmond was not-to-ftppesr till lunch eon time, Mrs. Saville being content ; to read the papers herself. The doc tor was not quite satisfied; his young patient did not recover strength or toi»e; ghe was depressed and nervous, averse from food, sUepU-ss. Some , Complete change to a bracing place might be necessary. Mrs. Saville, who ; was deeply concerned, went eagerly into the question of localities, but Hi.po implored, almost piteously. not to ha sent away. .!» was the end of September, and Ltndon was at its emptiest; Mrs. Sa ville was therefore spared the visits sn,; kind inquiries of her kinsfolk and acquaintance. She was ill at asr ftom anxiety concerning Hope. Ail that was kindly and grateful In her strong nature had heen drawn forth by the desolate orphan girl who had 4h« spirit to withstand her hitherto undeslsted tyranny and the perception to appeal to the better self which lay bo:eath It. So Mrs. Saville sat by herself, think ing deeply of her past, her present, and the possible future one warim rainy morning. "Horrid weather for Hope," she thought, "impossible for nerves to get right under such skyey influence." Yes, she must get Hope out of town. How desolate her life would be without that girl ! and she would need comfort and support in coming years. Even If she brought .... V.» .w avL HUbU ft » UCj ollv would probably turn out & thorn in their side and keep her and her boa apart. Here the old butler, with a beaming face, announced, "Mr. Hugh, ma'am," and her son entered. How well, how distinguished, he looked 1 his strong face deeply embrowned, his line eyes looking eager yet soft. "Hugh !" cried Mrs. Saville, rising, and trembling from head to foot. 'My dear mother !" he returned, ten derly, with a slight hoai senoss of warm emotion, and he clasped her in his arms, kissing her affectionately. "Are you Indeed safe and well ?" "My son ! you have nearly broken my heart !" Her tones told him be was already half forgiven. "R&wson; told me this morning, just now, that I might venture to call. You must forgive me, mother. I know I deserved your anger, and this I re gret. I only want you to let me come and see you sometimes, and I will trouble you no more. I can fight for m: own hand; and you must accept my innocent wife, too." "It will be a hard task, Hugh. I am a prejudiced woman, and my pre judices are strong against her." "I think they will melt when you see her, mother." "I doubt It," Mrs. Saville was begin ning. when the door opened, and Hope Desmond walked slowly into the room. She seemed very pale and fragile in her simple black dress. No sooner had she caught sight of Hugh than her cheeks flushed, her great brown eyes lit up with a look half joy, half terror, and her lips parted with a slight cry. Hugh Saville sprang forward, ex claiming. "My own love t my own dar ting wife!" and folded her in a raptur- HER UPS PARTED WITH A SLIGHT CRT. ous embrace, kissing her hair, her eyes, her lips, forgetful of everything el6e. Mrs. Saville again rose from her chair, and stood petrified. At last Hope disentangled herself from her husband's arms, and, crossing to where her mother-in-law stood, said, brokenly, "Can you forgive me for the deceit I have practiced ? Can you have patience to hear my explana tion ?" "I am bewildered," cried Mrs. Saville, looking from one to another. "la Hope Desmond your wife, Hugh ?" "She is ! Can you not forgive me now ?" said Hugh advancing to sup port Hope's trembling form by pass ing hie arm around her. "It ie incredible ! How did you come to impose upon me in thi6 way ?" 'I will tell you all," Hope began, when she Was InteminteA h»r a Age which the butler brought from Mr. Rawson requesting to be admitted. "Show "him up; he is a party to the fraud," said Mrs. Saville, sternly. Hugh drew his wife closer to him-: AS Mr. R&wson; entered looking radiant. "I trust you do not consider me as intruder," he said. Tou come just when you are want ed. I feel my brain turning," returned t ..Mrs. Saville. "If you will listen," urged Hope with Clasped . hands. ) "Yfa. pray bear Mrs. Hugh Saville," " 'said Mr: Rawson. Mrs. SavlUe turned a startled look . upon htm, and Hope went on : "When I came to this good friend, wjjo of fered in e the shelter of his house so. - scon as he found I was the niece of his old rector, I was in despair I began to realise the mistake, the dis obedience, that Hugh had heen guilty Of. 3 i&ad; Yielded too readily to the temptation or spending my life with Jilm. Ifelt .that -1 was the .cause of his troubles, and t was overwhelmed. X wished that T.could die; anything J?, no ionger a burden and an ob- glacle. Then I heard Mr. Rawson i-_-_ — "«««!© « lwuipuiiOu ivr we. rvilie, nd the thought came to me that companion, and perhaps. ningtr,.affecUon- for myself and 1 vffftgraUfli 4 " HUoj." : ,A auddeh sob ' 1thW fiffon. i iBfcwsojt -was Mot- aWJMMeHaacr'biit'M, daughter at , !<>-'£e Stook and, after some «JIb- , ; was aenei . that l should , eggaOft»/sPWtrt«.;attaapt. I was ; ij'y wo of $ myaaeHope Desmond; i was call- Mrine'Hop, JJcsmoBd after my ; StoFflFeiejDfopd-pjonly i co\inei jto irave . j tifjSinnof ' iibw — keart,"— she press- ''I fiSrr?Wlla:«®FiBt''ber,'t)OBom( ..and ?i » «tep near- fir her molhcr-ln-law— 1 "seems to flut ter and fall me. But the desire to re trieve the wrong I had wrought eue- tained tne. I did not tell Hugh what 1 hud undertaken until I bad been some weeks with you. He was much alarmed, and begged me not to risk too much— to leave as soon as 1 could if the strain was too greet; but be did not forbid me to stay. So I stayed. How dreadful the beginning w:i# ! Vet# though you were cold and eicrn. I could bear 11, for you are too strong to be suspicious, or pettj, or narrow, and I dared not let myself f'.ar you; and then— I grew to know you had a h"art. That is what makes thi6 moment so terrible. I fear your dis approval more than your displeasure Now, can you, will you forgive me ?" Mrs. Saville was silent; her brows wi-re knit, her eyes downcast; y?t Woik dar?d to take the small bandwhich lay on the arm of the chair Mr. Sa ville did not draw U away. The lotk- era held their breath. Then ahe drew Hope's to her and gently stroked It, "I think/' she said, slowly." that you arc the only creature that ever under stood me. i forgive your husband, and accept you— not because his disobedi ence Is pardonable, but because, when J came back from the jews of death, the first sight that met my eyes were your tears of joy at my recovery. Yet, had I died intestate, you and your hus band would have been far better off than you will be; and you knew It. You cro the first that b&s; ever given mt what geld cannot buy." "Mftthpr " orioH Un.li Cai.ilu I- - tone of wounded feeling, "I always loved you as much aa you would let me." "Perhaps you did. I believe you did," said his mother. Hope had sunk on her knees and kissed the hands which held hers, then he/ head fell forward, and Hugh sprang forward to lift her. "She Is quite overoden," he exclaim ed, almost Indignantly. "She If but a ghost of her former self." And he placed her in an easy chair, where she lay with closed eyee. "Happiness will be a rapid restora tive." said Mrs. Saville kindly. "Now. ! what punnshment Is to be dealt out to j you, traitor that you are 7" she con- | tinued, turning to Mr. Rawson. I de grade you from the high office of my ? chief adviser ? I must hold a coundi, ' and the council-hoard shall be my : dinner-table. Bring your daughter to : dinner this evening, and wo shall settle' ninny matters ? And Hope, if y u feel equal to the task, write to Richard, imiting him to dinner to meet his new . sister-in-law." j "Very few fellows have eo good a right to be proui of a wife, as I have," cried Hugh, cxultingly. "Our o'.d naval stwries of desperate cutting-out exploits arc poor compared to the enduring ' courage that upheld Kate, as t at- ways call her, though the long strain Of her bold JjrdrrtnlHnp- " "She has enlightened me. at ail ' events." said Mrs. Saville. "Now go j away to the drawing-room and have your talk out. The doctor Insists that a complete change is necossarv for Hope's recovery; so take your Wife away to-morrow for your mng-delav. ed honey-moon. But. remember, when ever you are pursuing your profession on the high sens. I claim the companion- ehln Mr Paiecftii'c — . . gee." "Dear Mrs. Pavilie, I will fe. your loving dauphler so lone a? you care to have me r.o.n r you." rrled Hope; and. no longer heeitatlnp:. she folded r.er lormidable mother-in-law in her warm embrace. THE END. 