LETTERS FROM THE FRONT. l'rivate li. W. Owen, of the South Aus tralian Contingent, writes from En din as Sol ows:-"We are now camped, here on an-. I'tiiei battlefield, whiish the Boers thought '.iicy could hold for nine months. With the s\\(i'i'-tion of dead horses and a few crosses :m officers' graves, and sundry mounds, one ivouid never know- that such a game had ',ieen held. Although thb. British camp is i7J miles further on, and the fight.of Mon day and Tuesday was further away, we could see the flashes of the guns and shells plainly, and the searchlight at Kimberley the British were usir.g their war balloon ior the lirst time, and we could just see it -we cannot get any news of the war, or rulher, we get too much, but nothing re liable. Our next move is to be to the front, jut we have been attached to Methuen's brigade for some time on the line of com munication, and have had the honour of camping side by sdde with the Gordons mil other illustrious regiments, as you know <iiug ago, no doubt.. The Gordons came here ay train, and we walked (15 miles), and our :enU were sent by rail. When we ar "ived the Gordons had-pitched all our tents !or us. We found them very line chaps, -ud this applies to' all the "'Tommy At cinses;" they all, without exception, have jy a long way passed my expec tations, and are a cut above the opinion so often expressed in the pa pers. We all felt deeply to hear the Gor dons had been cut up, as many we had talk ed to 011 Sunday were dead on Tuesday. There was a scrimmage here oil December T between 195 Northamptons and 2,000 jio.'is, but, with all their great advantage <:i having guns they had to retire with their dead and wounded. The British lost 11 mounded after several hours' fighting. We nave to keep vigilant guard day and night, md as this is an important position it must .je held at all costs. The total strength here h about 7lH> Australians /mil 2 guns ll.H.A, mi J abw.c 50 scouts aud Engineers. The ic-outs ,nd Mounted Rifi«.s had good times n pMng round taking prisoners and any tiling in the way of cattle, poultry, vege jibles. and milk, or, in fact, anything they >ouid lay their hands on belonging to the Sows. They ride up to a farm, and if ;!>e occupants have any firearms then they are prisoners. Five were sapUired yesterday. ' One' has 'been '.r.ed and condemned to death for :ei:ig a spy, as he was a well-known chap, and was seen at Orange River and De Aar, aid brought the Boers here on tlie 7th. We .ltvays parade at 2.30 in the morning, to pre ;ent a surprise, and at daylight dismiss and Tdve another sleep. The Boers have de ployed the culverts on the railway, and the .digraph wires pulled down and posts bro .:en up, and the wires cut for miles; but the ' ondei lul Rova! Engineers can do-auything, s.nd soon had everything in order again, jstiiclies are running about here, and oue >1' tlie chaps found an egg, and we hfid it 'or tea, just a taste each, and found it ex cellent eating, quite as nice as a fowl's egg. ^Jet- ember 14.-1 am finishing this oft' on the lop of a large kopje, about a mile from .lie camp-all hills are called kopjes-tin.-, ? ne is about a mile and a half round, and :eiy steep, and must be 250 ft. high., a good ;-limb, but a splendid outlook; and that is vliut we are out here for, and to defend ,n (asc of attack. There are three kopjes and 100 men divided amongat them. Therj nas been a truce at the battle commenced >n Sunday until last evening, when the fuu vonimenced again. It is dusty in the day linie, and we cannot see if tliey are firing. iVe are about 5 miles from Orange -Free itate, and the country hereabouts is a great improvement on further south, and the »rjiss is nice and green even now. There are i-. few bullet marks and a lot of empty cart ridge cases of the Bo ere lying about "where we are camped, and in under some of our tents, so it is said, dead Boers He buried, but they have not troubled *jb sq far either by walking -or ghosts. There" are some dead ones lying about half iiiil? away, but we. have 'had our curio i.ity .satisfied in that way, and have not -troubled about them. I expect to finish snd post this to-day, as I have come to the oud ot my paper, and hare'no money, or if ] had any could not get any here. One ?thing.-I don't think 1 have mentioned is the freedom from insects, aud until to-day o£ flies; ants are scarce, and yet the supplv is equal to the demand. Cp to now the con tingent is in fair, health, altiiougn we hare about 10 under the doctor, and hare left. Brown aud Rispon at Cape Town rerv bad .-the former is doubtful-and Howe und Eversley at Orange River, and colds are plentiful. The oliangc of water has upset a lot of us, 4iid tlie living is hard since leaving Mait land Camp. Our next inove will be to the .Jlodder, and they have a canteen and store, as -soon as this occurs, and we get our pay, we will soon be able to get some comforts. With ?lonev we can get poultry and vegetables. Long ambulance trains are running, bring ing in the wounded to Orange River from ?jpylfontein-there are a num.T>er, quite too many. 1 have had the honour to make a proposal to start a subscription for the wounded, each man to give 2s.; this will jiican about £100. Now 1 must say gond ii' and goad wishes to all, and tiu=t we shall all meet in Adelaide early in March. _ I am looking forward to a good square meal, not meat and bread, and bread and coffee, like we arc having now." The following' are extracts from a letter written by Senior-Sergeant William Wau chopc Watson, oi' the "First Contingent, who was for 16 years with Messrs. A. M. Bic-k ford & Sons, to his sister in Adelaide: - "Enslin'Military Camp, South Africa, Janu ary 1.-Just a few lines to let yon know how we spent our Christmas in South Africa. It was not an enjoyable one, as we had a very hard time of it. We never know when we are safe, and when we go out of camp we have to cairy our rilles and 150 I'ounds of cartridges to protect ourselves, es the Boers are roaming all over the place. We had no pudding or anything like that. We had bread and tea for breakfast, meat and bread for dinner, and tea and bread for our evening meal. That was on Christ mas and New Year's Days, so we were not Slaving any luxury. I went on outpost on tne morning before Christmas at 2 o'clock. That means to go and look for the enemy. I also spent New Year's Day on outpost. When t'jJey go on outpost the sergeants are not allowed to sleep for the 24 hours they are on duty, so that i saw the Old Year out and the New Year in. It was a terrible time, too, for we c-xpected to be attacked in the morning. One of our poor fellows was brought in during the night. He was one of the patrols, and was shot in three places, but is expected lo recover from tie wounds. I have been very lucky, and have stood this trip better than any man in the Australian Regiment, for the simple reason that I won't give in. Sometime* we have a tre.it in the shape of jam and rice. We are far awaf from civilization, and are nearly 700 miles from Cape Town, so we have travelled 7,700 miles since we left Ade laide. The only people to be seen are sol diers, of whom there are over 100,000 in South Africa, so that we ought not to be lonely. -The duststorms iiere are terrible; they last all day, and we iiad our dinner spoiled two days following, but that is noth ing! Wc marched all day and night, and did 50 miles in two days, as they thought the Boeis were going to "attack the place we were going to, so we had to hurry up. We were very tired when we got to Enslin Camp. There is great excitement hertj when any letters come in, and if any one is lucky enough to g£t one he rushes off to some corner to read it, and those wuo don't f*et one walk away as if they wore oidfred t: die, poor fellows;- and then they want to know the news from the lucky ones whether they know them or not. So if any one asks after me tell them to write, no matter what it is. It will be a change, and. if you can send any ?newspapers you will cheer up thousands of poor fellows. No .one knows what they have to go through hut Uhose who have done it, but I would not have missed it for a fortune." Mr. A. McDonald, of New Hindmarsh, has a good correspondent in 'his son, Pri vate R.. McDonald, of the lirst South Aus tralian Contingent. Writing under date January 7, young McDonald said he was in the best of health and getting used to camp, life. There was plenty of good food ana water, and nothing to grumble at. There were thirteen in the tent a'together, and an inspection was usually held on Sunday, and on three occasions they had li'.ie credit of being flie cleanest in tne camp. They had aH got new uniforms and white belts like the 42nd Highlanders. They had a concert the night before writing, and it was held on a hill. The Kopjes were steepsr than the uills in Australia. The Uoers were in a very good petition about ten miles ofT, aw! a .sharp lookout had to he l«pt. Their camp lights could be ssen at nijht from th-; lulls, and the British had a searchlight going all night which could be seen for fifty j miles. They took forty Boers and thivc . blacks prisoners a day or so before, and tiey ?\vere glad to be caught. Tliey reported that an English engineer had planned the Boer position, and that same of t'lie trenches were deep enough to hide horses as well as 1 men. The batteries and sailors detachment j went out every morning and fried at the I Boer stronghold, and then returned for ' breakfast, remained in camp during the day, then after tea gave ta.ic Boers another touch up. An attack was not expccted to be made until thebig seige train came up from Cape Town. The balloon repc/t was to the effect that there were about 23,000 Boeis, and that tlicy had-got barbed wires all along the front of their position, and as soon as this was touched at night a big light shone out on the top of the hill. One mgf.it a donkey and an ostrich got entangled in the wire and the Boers started a fusillade, and kept it up nearly the whole nigivt. The Boers were terribly afraid of a night attack. They were suriounded by the British, with Kim- ? berley in their rear, and they would have j difficulty in escaping capture. The Boer ] guns were manned by Germans, twelve oi 1 whom were sUot a few days before, lie thought by the way the war was going that they would be there about a year, and have pltnty of work to do. 11 r. A. McDonald complains thai the parcel post is expen sive, he having to send some writing paper and requisites, although or'y about £-lb. in weight he nail to pay 2s. 4d. He thii ks that as the postage iias been lowered the parcel post n iglit also be cheapened. Mr. T. Holland, of New Iiindmansh, has received letters from his two sons who al located ait Ensiin, and tJiey stated that they helped to constitute what was cailed t is^ J ti'eld force. There had bc-cn b.itties bath behind and in front of the:n. The Queens- ' landers had had a brush with the Boers and defeated them. Tliey had been sup- j plied wkh new riiles and bayonets, uui- i forms, pouches, and belts, and would get j new helmets. The kindness of residents of I Oape Town in sending them'various articles ! at Christmas was gratci'uily acknowledged. ; They asked for reading matter, as books j and periodica It! were scarce. Tlie rain was very heavy occasionally. The expccted ar ricai of tlie siege train, comprising some of tlie latest and best guns from England, was mentioned, and a trial made of two shots j fired at a hill was described as most eilec- , tive, as when they went to see the etiect i they found 'the top of the hill blown away. | When these guns got on tlie scene they ( lioped to make short work of the Boers; i and tney did not think the war would last | long. Trivate F. G. Mathews, in a letter to Ins j parents at Prospect, remarks:-"1 suppose j the people of Adelaide can now understand 1 that we haven't a soft tiling on. The sights ] we see are dreadful. The dead Boers are j not buried, but simply covered vr:th stones while in all sorts of postures. Some of us were on guard the ether day when live Boers were brought in as prisoners by our moThited men, and they were fully equipped ? with telegraph and railway destroying tools. They were father, two sons, and two son in-laws. Nine of us had to look after them for twenty-four hours, and I tell you we 1 had to keep a pretty sharp look out, a6 they ' are very treacherous." It they had started ; to do anything they would Lave had a | pretty warm time. The Boers are very frightened of cold steel. I think we are j going to the Modder Kiver in a day or two. ?? 1 hear that Lord Kitchener and Lord Ro berts are coming here. I hope they wiil i aire us a -fair chance, l*ou would hardly ? know us now. We are fitted out with dif ferent things tai.c!! from the itoor feilows who were killed at the Battle o! .Magers fontcin. Christmas j:a:.-;cd oil drily. We saw nothing of the chocolate and plum pudding that were talked about. 1 was told off with twenty others to look for firewood. We came across a deserted Uoer farm. We got a-few green apples, a couple-of oalves and a few fowls, and then started for home. When we had got a quarter of a mile on the road the sergeant said he had forgotten his water bottle, and told me to go back for it. I was about live minutes looking for it. Just as 1 stooped to pick it up two bullets came whistling past my head, one oi them striking the ground about twenty yards in front of me, I at once lay flat, because I had left my rifle in the wagon. I waited a bit, and nothing showed up, so 1 made a bee line for "the wagon. 1 picked up the bullet that struck the grouud, and am going to keep it as a relic. We were out skirmish ing the other day, and it started to rain. 1 never saw such rain. It was like so many three r'.Jfirter-inch-taps turned on. As \ve have t.-..iy one suit of clothes, they had to dry on. To my surprise 1 did not catch cold." 