THE SEA-CLIFF TOWERS MYSTERY. CHAPTER XX. DETECTIVE SEYMOUR'S STORY. By J. D. HENNESSEY. "Wynnum," "The Dishonorable." "an Aus tralian Bush Track," "A Lost Identity," "The New-Chum farmer," etc., etc. It was not until Sydney was reached, how- ever, and Seth Rosedale was safely lodged in the gaol, that the detective’s story was told. Seth rosedale had exhibited an entirely dif- ferent demeanour after the appearance of Seymour. He evidently regretted the ad mission he hud made to Bruce, and in reply to any questions put to him by the deiMctives expressed himself as personally eiitiiv.’y ig norant of any tiling connected with the » vents which had uninspired at the Towers, "AVe sliall have to secure Mrs. Halbert," said Seymour. ’Wes," replied Bruce, "her evidence seems absolutely necessary to decure ft conviction against Rosedale ; he is a clever scoundrel that; X never knew the trail of a crime to be more aitfully covered over. Let us hear, however, of your adventure down below." "It was- my bull's-eye lantern that saved me down there/’ said Seymour. "How came Dr. Strong to escape?" a. Tied Bruce, ”1 don’t know, unless by a miracle, < r the timely inlkuqxisition of a friendly hand But it will be best, for me to begin at the be ginning, and then we can form our plans for future action.’’ "I must have been asleep, when J de scended into the underground room/' con tinued Seymour. “I had been wni-mng for something like six hours, and was epaid that I might dose off, or that the lift might he so quietly worked that In 'he and ok I might be unaware of it ; so I lay down on the lift with my head on a cushion just in the position in which they found the doctor/' "I am inclined to think that tfie cushion was tampered with in some way. ether drugged, or made of hops, or something pul upon it to induce sleep, for I can account for it in » i o other way. ’ "Oh ! you were clean done up, and when you put your head on the pillow what was more natural than that you should go to sleep," said Bruce. "Wtfll, we AvVjn/f. thflit/'’ replied Seymour, "although I am not sure myself that I ever slept, for that lift had been con structed by a mechanical genius, and works perfectly smoothly, and without muse of any kind. I may have been lying there for an hour or two, when I started to conscious ness. I felt that there was a change in the and was conscious ot a fight draught winch I had not noticed in the room before. My lantern was covered, but was st.ll alight, so 1 turned it up and uncovered it. You may guess that I got a ’'tart. "1 was still lying upon the fireplace, but instead of being in the bedroom J could see a le nd of shaft or well above me and around there was a large underground cave or cham ber. I sat up at once and drew my re volver. for within a few yards of me sat a stout man, fastened in a chair, seemingly asleep. I looked at him again. The face was partly turned away from me ; but my blood ran almost cold. It. was* the corpse or ghost of Raymond Ballantyne. "I j limped up and stepped cautiously on to tho floor, and with my bull’s-eye look a good look at tho apparition, to be ouite sure that my senses were not deceiving me then I i'hrew the light cau'.ion&ly; into other parts of th© place ; but a moment after wards I got another shock, for turning round I found that the lift 1 , relieved of my weight, was steadily ascending to its former position. In fact it wasi too high up for me then to catch hold of it, and a minute afterwards had passed up tho well to its place in the bod room. "For a few minutes I felt myself regularly trapped ; but I was most apprehemnve as to who might be with me;in the vault in addi tion to the corpse of obi Mr. Ballantyne. "X could hear noting dxoept a queer rumbling and sucking sort of xomid, such as might have come down a long top sag' leading to the ocean. You may imagine that T was in a queer s'ale of mind, not to mention how X felt in my body. I fum'd the lantern full upon the floor at mv feet, it was fairly smooth and a bit ijravcllv, then I threw it behind me and saw a table and chair, a”d then a couch, and lamp upon some shelving let into the wall. I saw now for the first lime that the place was a cave, which had been artifiicnllv enlarged. The lift hod evidently been constructed at the farthest end of it, in the direction of tho land. Having discovered this much I felt a faintness coming over mo, and walked over toward the chair and table to sit down, when my eye fell upon a bottle of whiskv, ami a large jug, and a tin wiHi biscuits. The jug by good luck had water in it and I made myself a stiff tumbler of the whisky and water, and bellied myself from the tin of biscuits, I had h ul nothing since the afternoon of the previous dav, and I can tell you the refreshment was most acceptable. T shall never forgot how I sat there and thought over tho situation. I bed matcher, about me, so I blew out the lantern, partly to save the light, and partly to prevent myseW frjfinv /becoming a target Top an enemy’s pistol. I munched the bis .nuts in the dark, and watched for Ihe appearance of someone. "I concluded that someone had lowered the lift down, and that someone must have seen me. Why had I been allowed to eweape? I thought. For about half an hour I there in painful suspense, peer ing into the darkiuss, with my finger on the trigger of the revolver. There was no sound, however, so I presently lit my lantern again to more carefully examine my surroundings and see if I could find out anything about Mr. Septimus Dorset. had no fear for myself so long as I w’as a match for any violence I might meet with there, for 1 felt sure that you uould be back shortly and that if 1 could not get out lay any other means I could make you hear me by .shouting/*-. But there was the chance that 1 might find out how' to work the lift from below, or might discover some means of exit into the grounds or on to the rocks. Looking at my watch I found that it was just four o'clock, so I took out my note book and made a memo, of what had hap pened, in case I should meet with an accident before getting out, again, “This corner of the place I found on closer examination to be arranged with considerable care, as though some one had sat there cither writing or engaged in some other occupation. There was a rug on the ground, and writing materials on the shelf I examined the latter, but could find no ground, and writing materials on the shelf, however, was the lump w'hieh was trim med and full of kerosene. This relieved my fears about a light, and I at once lit it and proceed to investigate in other direc tions.” ‘ You certainly hud a lively tune, old man. I wash that I had been with you, ' •said Bruce. Tiiis w’as a great thing for Bruce to sav, for he rarely expressed approval of any thing w'hieh his colleague did ; ..ut lie was evidently favorably impressed and inter ested. Seymour chuckled to himself, "There is nothing succeeds like success,” lie thought as he looked across to his senior. "1 went over and hud a good look at the corpse of the late proprietor of the Towers, and when you see it you will mink with me that it is a ghastly spectacle. The body lias evidently been preserved in some way, for it has a mummy-like appearance, but why it has been done is a mystery which I can suggest no explanation of. "Dir! you examine Uho body closely V asked Bruce. "No,” Replied Miymoui', ‘Viunething happened shortly after which suggested the advisability of another course of action ; but as fnr as I could see by a casual ex amination there was no sign of violence about I bo face or skull. The hands were resting upon the knees, and the whole altitude is singularly natural, just as ijhough death might '.have overtaken liiiu when ho W'as asleep. 1 should say though that the place has a queer saltish smell. ' "Any smell of drugs or preservatives, or disinfectants ” suggested Bruce. "No, but the freshness of the place was partly explained to mo afterwards. There are really three large caves, probably lime stone, ami a long passage or a series of smaller eaves, with an opening right out on the cliff, but which can only oe used at low tide. It must have been high water at about five or six o’clock this morning, you will learn why I saw this later on. As soon as I had taken in the surroundings of the first cave I commenced to examine that to the left, w'liicli is .several feet lower. There were plenty of feet marks here, but except a case or two, which may have con tained spirits at one time, there was noth ing of importance to be seen. While in there, however, 1 was suddenly startled by hearing one of the most weird and awful sounds imaginable, and then there eame a great rush of wind which nearly extin guished the lamp I was carrying, i waited and listened for several minutes, and then it was repeated. It was simply awful, and with that dead man in the next place, and the consciousness that Mr. Dorset’s ’ body w’as likely enough somewhere down there too. I can tell you it was by no mean; a cheerful situation. I must have been a full hour in that place protecting the lamp so that it should not be blown out, and that infernal racket going on all the time. ‘T thought of every possible natural explanation ; but it was of no use, and that hour in the inner cave was about the worst I ever remember spending in my life. “Well, man, what was it?” said Bruce, at last, somewhat impatiently. “I'll toll you in a mmute, said Seymour, evidently enjoying his senior s excited state of mind. “After ,tt W’hilc I went cautiously out and passed by a big cave into a third and smaller one, which a judged led iu the dri lection of the sea. I i.,td c-imb d«»\\\n in some places, as tho descent W’as quite steep, almost like stairs ; it w’as like a passage, and I went along shading the light very cautiously when all at once I heard the same shrieking sound A ight in front of me, and a gust of salt air rushing past me ex tinguished the lamp, but before it did I saw a white and ghostly object right iit front of me. You’ll think me foolish per haps, but just as the light went out I fired my revolver straight at it "Tho darkness for a few minutes w’as intense, and thou a sort' of phosphorescent light confronted mo. and jhe sumo wild whistling scream began. 1 tell you it made mo sweat, but I laughed, now for I had guessed what it was ; It Was high tide, and there was a blowhole connected with the sea in the iKissagc in front of me. It evidently only acted during rough weather and at high tide. x had. therefore, no alternative but to go back and wait for ail hour or wo for the tide to go down a bit, before following up my investigations ill that direction. (To Bo Continued.) John Wall, aged fifteen, has had a ter rible rrxvbrience in the Cobnrgo district (N.R.W.) While out after cattle the boy lost his way, and was out on th. mountains foe three days and two niuhU. He aban doned Ins horse, and followed a w«*oreuiirse till he reached a habitation in a very ex hausted slate. 