] A CUNNING PANTHER. Captain C. J. Mclluts, 9th Kegirnest Bombay Infantry, a well known hunter of big game, has an entorlaiuicg paper in the November " &ciibn;<*r'* oq panther ahooiing io Central India. He has a good deal to soy about a panther of diob©lic*l cunmsg and insatiable appetite. For one v/holo year, be sajs, did 1 hunt tho tiend. Innumerable were fcLe goats I tied up as bait for him, and unflagging wa» the blood* thirstyness nith which he responded by mur dering and devouring thetn. Innumerable were the dajB I toiled and clambered under blazing hot noonday sum; or or rocks and boulder®, and through ihe jungle of the hillside, trying to get hira ; ianutnerable nere the weary hours I passed on oooulight nights, up trees watching •rcr a goat's murdered recsains. All iu va»u, neither bj day nor by night would he come. He had taken a meat oae-sided view of the» game. Properly, after devouring one of my goats, be should in return hare allowed bimsvlf to bo found Gorged near the Spet the next day, aud to be diir^n toward m© by the beaters ; but he bud no true sense of sport. While 1 gasped under a sweltering bub, fruit kssly hunting for him among the nullahs (riiviikM), or sitting upwn a hot boulder of bl&ck; rock with the sun broiling my brain* beueath my shikar-teptje, awaited Lis cocninj ia the beat, be must have been curled up peacefully oappieg ia fcomc distant shady spot, or licking his chops in aransed reflection at the sport he was afford ing mo. DouhtUse, too, he must have watched me us I at amid the swiyiajj branches of the slender bastard teak-tree in Many au all-night sitting by meoaVight watching for bios, and tfcr-n de parted, concluding that it would be wis*r to postpone fiuisbing the reumos of the goat until I should have taken myself off. It seemed so, for as surely as I dic^iiOt sit up orer the remains cf his kill, so surely did he return to it that night. 1 must coofc35, however, he gave me tbre& cnafices at an early stage of our acquitiotairce. j Qua afterooen I was watching "from a tree over i the rcmaifiB of a goat he had killed the night 1 before. It was early in the rains, the day had been a showery one, aad the suu shone with but a pleasant warmth. There was astir and fresl'v ness id the jungle abotft me. Animal wad vegetable life seemed to rejeicc iathesolra' lioQ the blessed rains bad breught tfcera, and at the cud of tbo fierce months of drougat. Birds came and perched in tt;e branches abort me; in the very tree whrre I sat, ateming to take ao notice of the motionless figure beae*th the en, and brightesed the jungle for me wilh tkeir twittering. The uausu*l amount that the pautker had left of the goat showed that he bad made but a cild meal for him, and was doub - iess the caose of his arrival so early irx the afternoon ; or it may hare bten the keavy showers had disturbed him in his sap and the freshness of the air isclined him to stroll. Whatever the cause, he greatly Fnrprised me by a very early arrival, aad , This is Wl.ht Happened. " ^ It »ttll wantt-d an huur or so to sunset. I had b' ta bt jailing the time by witching the atrvou> unties of the two tnoegousc (wild brothers of Rudyard Kiplisg'a famous Rikki-Tikki) about the carcase of the gout. Their first mi trance, on to the scone, en having winded the goat, was made with the ntmost caution. A p»ir of pointed little noses,and two pairs of sharp lit tie eyes first peeped out from behind some bij stones—slowly the owners of them emerged, every hair of their quivering little bodies be* toksaing the utmost sense of daagor and altit nt&s.; Growing gradually bolder, they drew netr the body, ever keeping the brightest look-out. all around, now and again sitting up squirn I fike* listening all they knew and 14 sphering " about with the sharpest eyes fcr sight or souad of their dangerous neighbours ; for well th*y knew from whose meal they were about to pilfer —tbtirkeeu little noses w*sld tell them that At length the temptation fo feast grow? too; strong, and they would dive inside tVe goatV ribi to snatch a choice morsel, oaly to pop out the next instant all nerves and trepidation, ai.d 1 then some imtgiuary alarm would send thcx I scuttliog iato the bash, then btck again oace! more, the bolder spirit first, more uervous watch-j « fulness again yielding to the deligkt of anotker' morsel, and so «n over aad over 8gain - I badj almost forgotten tke panther in tba amused in-i tersst I was takiog in the quaint little c?ea!urtf j or otherwise should hare paid more attention te the excited conversation that had bees goitgr on among some birds in a tree not far off. Thu? Birds and Monkeys will oftea Warn the junglcr of the approach of a tiger— tke latter especially take every opportunity to ei* press by loud heotiog the iatensity of their ft el inga at the hated presence of either of tb* dread beings of their juogles. I have braid, too, that peculiar bark of the sambar st*|'; sound again and again ia the night-air from out of the dark jungles on the banks of the N*r budda, as be seads oat s warning to hie kitd that Murderous " Stripes" is Stalking Near. But to retura to the panther. The mougooso had grown more confident and their nervei lees %t jumpy," when something caused me to look down. There, some eigbt feef below me, al most at the foot of my tree, stood the panther, a very big fellow, in all the jungle splendour of his shining yellow coat and rich black rosettes. With eyes fixod on the mon goose, he *t*od perfectly motionless ' save for a gentle swaying of the end I of bis tail; his right forearm advanced and head held forward below the lice of his back, he looked the very personification of beautiful remorseless streugth about to work its cruel j will. The twe tiny thieves wexejustat that mnajeut much engrossed with the view of the goat's in side, peering about f«r aaothei* tit-bit. Fascia a ted by the b»aut y of the panther and interests! to see what would happee, i could not spoil the picture by firing. After a moment's pause the panther made a move forward—then a couple of silent bounds. It was the closest thing — only just in time the mongoose Whisked themselves off like lightning, and fled squeaking into the bush.' The panther disappeartd rfter them, but the next memeut his yellow form stepped out from the gieen again in!• the opeu. Unfortunately his pursuit of the roengoose had taken him up hill, thus bringing him on a level with the low fork of tho tree iu which I sat. His quick eye caught sight of me instantly, and he 'topped, looking up at nae. Flurried by tho idta that 1 e would vanish ou the instant* 1 threw up my rills and tirod without aim. Something yellow flashed into the bushes in silence. Missed ! I had, indeed, made a muddle of it id my desire to sKudy natural history. The uext time we met nijjht was coming on— rain was fulling, and 1 sat drtucbed and toiler able up a tree agaiu. Suddenly, out cf tin* d&fknvss; he stalked, a dim grey shadow, on to the scene. My lifie rang out —the grey shado* vanished—listed again ! The third time it was again night, but Iherft was a full moon. 1 am perched in a tree amid thick jungle high upon the hillside ueai the crest,wht nee I havn a wide riew of a buuitifiil nio^n'it landscape l)ing beneath me. SudtUnly, without a sound, A silvery Pautber, or the Ghost »t oief plidfs softly acrots the opi-n patch of moon light, where the panly-devour»d goat lay— its form silhauclted in mid frhitenesa ggaiusl the black shade of the surrounding but»h ** Can't miss (his time," i thought, ua 1 levelled my rifio : t him. Rut i did; and let only tl our ni u koorr whal it is to mm by mw alight cuM the flratslojft. At last his tate overtook him. ^ 