THE ST'ORYT"ELLER EILY'S CONFESSION. CHAPTELt XX V.-Continued. ' I do not belive Mr. Eden ever wrote it,' Alice asserts, still deep in thought. ' If ]ie really. met with foul play that n'ght, I do not suppose he had any intention of going up to London. That note was written for a blind.' ' Hut who could know he was going up to London ?' " Shorten might have hoard him tell the chief boatri n ; and Shorten is always with the Brews.' ' Bat ;udith is quite certain it is George _Edon's handwriting ; and without any manner of doubt it is written on. a leaf of his pocket-book. How do you account for that ? , 'I cannot account for it. I think my he"irt is broken.' She sits down in the chair she has just left, and drops her head upon the table. ' Alice, what is the matter ? You frighten me ! What ails you ? ' 'Nothing,' she answers thei, lifting a very white face which does not reassure me. 'mYou look as if you we'e going to faint ! Will you have some water-or could I find wine anywhere ? Dear Alice, do tell me what is the matter ! ' ' I want to think,' she murmurs, taking her forehead in both her hands ; ' but I have a pain in my head. I wish Onrll would conic home.' For about the second time in my life I wished so too. 'Is Lud low out in the cutter ?' I ask a momout afterwards. ' I suppose so. She was not at her moor ings, or anywhere in sight, when I was done on the shore just now.' Another silence, and then Alice asks slowly and hesitatingly ` Was ther:-any marks -of violence ? Did they think lie had been-pushed off the cliff-or what ? ' 'Mr. Wakem did not say-' 'What did he say ? 'He only said the body was scarcely recognisable, it was so bruised and cut by the rocks and so discoloured from. having . been is the water so long.' 'Perhaps it was not Mdr. Eden's body at all 1' exclaims Alice. with a momentary flicker of hope. 'IThey identified it easily, WTakem said. His watch was in his pocket-it had stopped at twenty minutes past twelve. It had his initials upon it ; and there were some letters addressed to him besides. And they knew the clothes lie had on.' ' And was there no pocket-book found ? ' 'Wakem said nothing about a pocket book ; I forgot to ask.' Alice sighs heavily. Her questions puzzle me. I was never much good at putting two and two together, the boys said. I should cortainly never make a good detective. 'I wish Cnrll would come in,' my cousin repeats ' Would you mind souming a little bit down the road to meet him, Eily ? I feel as if I could not wait here in the house.' ' I fetch a shawl for hoir, and we go out of the house together, closing the door after us, but not locking it, and leaving F'an and Snap in charge. It is about half-past three o'clock now, and the heat teems to be more intense than ever. We walk down the drive and out on to time 1igh-road, Alice with the light shawl over her bead, I with out hat or shawl, in my white dress. 'T'here is not mnch shadow on the road here, under the fir-trees, but, as we dip into tho hollow, where the old gray bridge with its single arch crosses the Bramble Hall river, and then got under the overhanging Bramble woods it is almost as dark ard shadowy as the crypt of some ancient cathedral. WVe walk very slowly; I do not want to go too far from the farm, but immonr Alice by letting her think we ar lessening the distance between her.and lNor husband, and keeping her occupied by lis tening for the sound of his dog-curt wheels. I wonder what Mr Liddel would say if he were to coma upon us. now. This is hardly a seomly fashion of taking the atir for his future wife, rambling bareheaded along the high-road at three o'clock of the afternoon. I hope Alice will not want to. go as far as thei Bramble Hall gates ; but I do not think there is much fear of that, though she shows no signs of weariness yet. Still she~is not much accustomed to walking, and the heat is intense. I do not know what fear and dread and horror may be spurring her on. We meet nobody ; the white road, thick with summer dust, winds in and out, always overshadowed by the dense woodland. A lod wall runs at each side ; and beyond this and bending over it, meeting overhead in a roof of mossy branches and dense layers of leaves, stand the huge old trees. Many a glimpse do we catch of sylvan recesses of fern and honeysuckle and wild rose briars, sunlit glade has a pair ol antlers lifted awl broad wild woodland eyes turned a gaie to us, many an i-ied aisle we see carpeted with emerald-green, wood-sorrel and dos violets. And this is all his, hnd will soon be mine ! With a little thrill of exeitemeut I remember it, and for a moment 'orget the pain and weariness in the face of the woman beside tae. ` Aren't you tired, Alice ? Hadn't we better turn back ?' No, I am not tired. We must go on tll we meet Curll.' But, if Judith comes down and tiuds the house deserted, she will be frightened.' ` You may go back if you like-perhaps you had better go back.' lBut you must come with me, Alice. I can't leave yea here alone.' Hlush,' she says, stopping in the middle of the road and raising her hand. ' hat do you hear ? I ask, also standing still. ` The dog-cart. He is coming. Oh, I ans so glad !' She takes my arm and leans on it heavily. In another minitte I too hear the sound of wheels distinctly. ` Hadn't we better turn back now ?' I suggest. She turn; with mte; but in a few minutes the dog-caet overtakes-us. Carll is driving there is no one with him. The horse is in a great h~at, his neck and. chest covered with froth and foam. What's the fun of this ?' Cerll calls out, pulling up. ` We came to meet you,' I answer, as Alice does not. ` What wonderful attention ! I can't be lieve that was all that brought-you.' ` Alice wanted to see you,' I say, anc ing up at hint defiantly. I wanutedjto tell you about the inquest,' Alice faltering a little and looking away I thought you would wish to know --' I heard all about it in Carton !' he ex claims between his teeth. ' Gat up here and hold your tongue, or it will be worse for you !' The moment Alice is in the cart he dashes up the road, leaving me standing. looking after them, enveloped in a cloud of dust.- L do not envy my cousin her drive under such auspices, but at all events Cerll will beoable to manage her better than I could. And so I sct out to (allow them at my leisure, hop ing they hav' fought out their indifference before I reach the farm. Lt the turn of the road, where it branches down to the shore, I come sud denly upon William Shorten and Maria Brew. They are walking slowly towards me, the girl knitting some kind of guernsey of dark blue wool, Shorten walking beside her, in his Coastguard dress, listening while she talks. She has got on a white Garibaldi body and a bright blue skirt, and has a blue ribbon tying up her wild red locks. They do no" see tme till I ani close upon them. I wish I bad not met thema-L must look so odd, without hat or shawl. Shorten avoids my eyes as he toiclies his bat, but Maria Brew stares boldly at me, though she takes no further notice of my presence. Shorten looks rather sheepish; lie has a pale face wit h black whiskers, not Iad-looking, but not very bright. Still he looks far and away too respectable to be keeping company with a girl like Maria Brew. I am afraid his superior otficer will not smile upon his courtship, if lie is really courting the girl. Marie Brew must have something about her which attracts, not withstanding her ugliness, for the dairyman up at the farm is also an admirer of hers, and, in consequence, an enemy of Shorten's. As Ludlow Gresson said, there seems to be a 'run on the red' down here. I find silence, if not peace, at Seamield when I t rri'e there Carll is shut up in his I otlice, Judith still in her owin room, Alice in the kitchen getting tea ready. Site looks as if she had been crying, but she does not tell me what she has said to her husband, or whether he has said anything to her. I Lope he will take the advice I am sureo she has given him, and have notking more to do with the Brows. I wish Ludlow would come in, It seem such an age since I have seen him, aud_ though I love him not, there is something comforting in the sense of security his pre sence always gives me. 11e is so young and so stroing; I knew he is possessed of in flexibll courage; tisd it is pleiastnt to see .his handsome face sutiburnt face, even if itI looks sulky sometimes. Bitt the, is no chance of its coming, since the Saucy Kate showved no white sail ott the horiuson as I came up the arla half an boat' igo. It is so lonely in this siletit house-lonely in the kitchen, where the tiue snmoulrlers rlullv tant Alice moves about like the ghost of tei'solf lotiely in the sliary patrent', wlmete the fly buries monotoitously in the pane tutu my Itoquets of a week migo hittqitish for wvant of water ' lottely upstaii's, whete JTuditlm's closad doni' confronts me, or my own hare littl inoam, saheic Cain is still killing Abel ever the cltimniey-piece. I should wish myself hick at 13i'amble Hall vety heartily wvero it not fot' Alice antI Judith, but my womanly instincts ate sti'ong enough to keep ins from -deset'ting themn in this strait, though I do not see that I cumn do either of them much good. I stand in my own window thinking til, Alice calls me down to tea. I would willingly have eacheused tea this evening and with it the pleasimme of Curll Gressun's company, but 1 do not like to leave Alice all alone. So I descend the stait's leisurely, the little steep creakitig stairs, wvhich strive mc as being mote steep than ever sinsce I have sojour'ned at Brareble Hall. The front doot- is open, and the aft ernoonjightstreams into thie passage ;and gltmncing out, I see a 'ripplo of shiudow inn over the wvhisperouss whinat,' and I know that the evening breeze is bi'riging the scent of gorse and hay' and meadow-sweet down to the sea. Curll comas out to tea looking anything hut itmienlule. I fancy his eyes have an angry fetocious look about them; I suppose Alice lhas vexed him very much, and I can not help thinking she is a fool for her pains Since she has to live with him, it would be wiser of her to hmold~her peace. I am glad when the wretched meal conies to an end. Catll goes back to his olfice and t locks himself in. I carry a cup of tea up to Judith's room and knock. She talls me to come in at once, and I tied her knil ieog at the window, drying her eyes. i' Mbldn't you like a cup of tea ? ' I ask, settiing it down on the table. You can leave it there I doi:'t want it now. ' Dear Judith, you ought to take some thing. You will find yourself growing ýuite weak if you go on like this.' Eileen, did you bear anything woind at llovt ? ' she asks feverishly. I heard that his two brothers had coat' for him and takent him away.' Aud I shall never see Tiim aain.' s'ie exclaims, and begins to cry. It was better not, dear. Ttc to think of him only as you saw him last. Why should should you want to see only the poor broken shell from which the spirit had gone for ever'. 'rI must go home, Eileon. I can't stay here. I must go home to papa.' I think it would be better for you to go home, Judith. This place will always re mind you so much of him.' [ [ don't want to forget hinte, Judith says almost pettishly. ' I would riot forget him if I could. Eileen, did they find his pocket book?' '1 don't know. II'- Wakem did not men tion it and I never thought of asking.' I should like to have it,' the girl says softly. ' le used to write things in it and half show thems to me-things about me and perhaps other things he never let me see. I wish I had it, but I suppose his brothers took it away with theit.' ` His wateh had stopped at twenty min utes past twelve,' I tell her gently. ' That must have boon when it happened,' Judith says, looking at me. I. was fast asleep then-while he was dead or. dying. Oh, isn't it too horrible. And do you re member the night his poor dog came howl ing round the house? Poor OCruizer. I wonder what they have donw'with him.' .1 could toll hero, but I think it just as well to let her remain in ignorance. If the Brews had anything to do with Mr Eden's death I am sure they had a hand in making away wvth poor Cruizer too. `I Is Ludlow in the house? Judith asks. ' No, I have not seen him since I came back.' ` I daresay he has heaid more about-it all'thali anybody else. He went out before they brought the news up here,-butI uim sure he must have heard it sinces But.don't you wonder it was solong-before they found I him, Eileen-nearly a fortnight?' ' That was about the time they would have found him,' I tell her quietly; ' Mr. Liddel said so-ten days or thereabouts. But, dear Judith, try to think of ,something, else. Leave him in God's hands, dear ; no one else has power to hurt or help himt now, Judith.' I sit with her, till the twilightathers round us, trying. to comfor- her,;to answer. questions which can never be answorod till the crack of doom. - She must have been very for d of him. I did not think she could care so much for anyone. But it seems I was mistaken. I ant not nearly as shrewd as I thought I. Tvas. I was mistaken about George Eden, and I was mistaken about ali, Liddel , by-and-bye perhaps I shall find that I was mistaken about myself. 'Eileen,' Alice calls fromn below,:half an hour later; and, obedient to he summons; I leavo Miss Fleming and;o nstatus. I find Alice in the kitchen doorw a3' shawl in her hand. 'CCarl has gone out,' she whispers. Well, doesn't lie go out nearly every. night ? ' I answer. ' I have been watching him,' she goes on, without answering me. .' I thought :ihe would never stir owt of his office this even ing. I stood hero in the kitcheu, listening, for more than an hour, till I thought he must have fallen asleep. When he did come out I haid only just time to slip behind the door, or he must have caught toe. The horror of it makes me tremble still.' ' What were you watching him for? Why coutlda't you leave hint alone and go to bed P I thin' le Ii ight well have beau angry if lie had caught you.' She, looks at me, the expreission of a hunted animal in her piteous eyes. I could not help it. Eily, I rnitist go after hinm now, and you ta it come with me. It may be a matter of life oor deathl'to-to us all.' ' Alima,' I say as sternly as I can, 'go up to your room and don't talk such nonsense. I won't go with you, and what is mbre, I doni't tuean to let yen go on ainy sucht wild goose chase. .ust go tsp quietly to your bed, atnd don't mak-e a fool of yonrself.' 'I mutst go,' site maintains, nitmoved by niy homiily, anth putting [lhe sawltv ovor her head with tiembliig hands-' I must go, whether you go with toe or not. B~it I wish you would crant, for I am afrnij of Ourl.'. With tmany ~nisgivings, but at the same time a titob of my wild Irish heart at the idea of ani adveinture, I turn the end 'of my skirt up over mny shoulders and . follouv my cousin sipiselessly out of .tlhe house. 