SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1900. THE PARLIAMENTARY MACHINE. Parliament first met for the transac tion of business this session on Thurs day,, June . j 14, and the Pre mier has stated that the pro rogation will take place on Frl day, November 30, so that less than six months will be devoted to the -work of the year. If it were possible to cal culate the progress of legislation by/ the ordinary process of arithmetic, one would be inclined to say, judging l^y. the barren ? aspect of the last five months, that honorable members will be sent to. their homes with very heavy,, consciences, .and a very light record of duty performed. . It usually - happens^ however, that: the opening two- thirds of the session are frittered away| , in . talk, while the last third is devoted to toil, and there is not likely to be any. exception to the rule this time. When . . the present. Parliamentary year began there were tokens of improvement, but a moderate reform, in expediting, the passage of the Address in, Reply was followed by a mighty relapse, and the proportion of words to work is, if any thing, a little bit worse than ordinar ily. ; '?? However, if- -tiie ; two Houses ' choose to exert themselves to inerels; ' ft. normal end-of-the-BesBion extent they can easily wipe off tlie remaining busi \- ness before November closes, and the chances -are that they will be glad to , flo bo, for legislators seem heartily tlrea and anxious for' a, holiday. The Ministry put a short programme of business before Parliament hi the open Ing addresB, but even that modest list of measures has been greatly curtailed. Ministers propose, but Parliament - is indisposed. The eighth clause of the Governor's Speech promised that 'the BUI relating to the Public Service will have precedence hi view of the immi nence of federation,' but although federation is even more imminent than then the.meaaure referred to is still on the stocks. There is admittedly little chance of seeing it this session, or at any rate of dealing with it, and w|th it will * probably be held over for another year the ' contemplated Bills for the amend ment of the Workmen's Liens Act, for the authorisation of the construction of the Queensland border railway, for the amendment of the law relating to aborigines, for the modernisation of the Food and Drugs Acts, and for the amendment of the law relating to com panies. The only other item on the Government programme which has not yet been forthcoming is the Loan Bill, under which money will be bor rowed to construct any public works authorised this session, and to pay for the Glenelg railway. There are, speaking broadly, three methods of blocking legislation adopt ed by Parliament. The introduction of some Bills is prevented by the con gestion of the notice-paper consequent upon a disinclination to push on with the business of the session. Others ai*e killed by a direct vote, and yet an other class are so mutilated as to be deprived of all excuse for existence. In cidental to the first method, there are the slaughtered innocents, which are talked to death. A tabulation has al ready been made of the Government measures which found a place on the menu- card at the opening of the ses sion, but which have so far not made an appearance on the 'table. In the second category are the Compulsory Repurchase of Land Bill, which was thrown out by the Council; the Port Adelaide Graving Dock Bill, which was rejected by the Assembly; and the Popular Convention Bill, which, after getting into committee in the Lower House, was discreetly smothered by the subterfuge of mov ing the Chairman out of the chair. Every member of the Assembly, with but two or three exceptions, pledged himself to the electors in favor of a reduction of the personnel and the cost of the Legislature, but in most cases. ( apparently taere was a mental reserva tion similar to that of Benedick in 'Much Ado About Nothing' (a very ap propriate title for the Convention Bill):— 'When I said I would die a bachelor I did not think I should live till I were married.' Thus, when they promised to cut down the strength of Parliament they did not think of inter fering with their own seats. The Household Suffrage Bill unfortunately belongs to the third order, for it has been so cut to pieces by the Council that the kernel has gone and only the Lusk remains. It still lags superfluous on the stage in the Assembly, but it is in the position of the animated corpse which walked about to save funeral ex penses, or like Professor. Pepper's ghost, but an unsubstantial shadow of the real figure. So far as the Govern ment are concerned it' is dead] but the Opposition are making a marionette of it with the object of creating an im pression that they are actively inte rested in the extension of the suffrage. What Bills will have to be described as abandoned on Prorogation Day it is difficult to. state correctly yet awhile, although tliere are several which .show signs of weakening vitality. . There are many things Parliament has refused, or will refuse to do this year, but the Book of Acts at the end of the session will not be much thinner than usual. A comparatively satis factory Early Closing Bill has already gone through the Legislative Council, which has also agreed to the Work men's Compensation Bill with but few important amendments, and has aecep teS the Land 'Values Assessment Bill -In the form in which it was introduced by an Attorney-GeueraJ who, as a prH vate member, has always voted against it. These measures have all been knock ing at the Council door for several suc cessive years, anfl they are sure to be accepted by the Assembly, which, how ; ever, may attempt to bring the two first into greater conformity with *' the ideas of their framers. The Fac tories Bill, which was considerably toned down in the Assembly, will be ? still further limited in Its operation by the other Chamber, but it likewise bids ' fair to advance to the dignity qf an : Act, while the Crown Lands Consolida tion Bill, which got through the Coun ? cil last year, end was revived in the ? Assembly under the provisions of the Lapsed' Bills Act, is another first-class 1 : '... - -V-v-.'.- '? ' ? ? -?''?-? -'.i :V :.?-'' : ' ';? '*1 K'.'t -V m&rar;^^hielr is jprejfcty «ur&/:to be come .lavfe ^ -The ~' Local Government Bill Is in «xatftly the same position so far as progress is concerned, but its prospects are less hopeful. Other Bills on the Assembly notice-paper which have been disposed of hi 'another place' are those relating to State Chil dren, Arms Exportation, and Mining, while the Council has before It the Ver min Districts and Seed Wheat Bills, which have been agreed to by the As sembly. Several measures, too, such as the*Census, South-Eastern Drainage, and Eenmark Irrigation Trusts Loan Bills, merely require the signature of the Governor to receive force of law. It will'be seen therefore that the num ber of enactments passed this session is pretty sure to be up to the average, ?apart from the fact that several mor-e Government Bills may succeed in run ning the gauntlet of both Houses. For instance, the Insolvency, the Distilla tion, and Brands Bills, now before the Council, and the Angaston Railway, Main Roads, Waterworks, Succession Duties, and Merchant Seamen Bills in the Assembly, are each being pushed forward as rapidly as circumstances will permit. Private members are en deavoring to add certain measures to the volume of accepted legislation, and much time has been spent over them. There are the Sunday Trading, Iron Knob Tramway, Lapsed Bills, and Adelaide Tramway Bills in the Coun cil* while in the Assembly ambitious legislators are endeavoring to push through measures dealing with the Executors' Company, the Disposition of Landed Estates, Bills of Sale, Vac cination, Minimum Wage, the Totaliza tor, Registration of Births, Destruction of Birds, Steam Boilers, the Patawa longa- bridge, and Testamentary Dis positions. A few of these may per chance get written on the Statute-Book also, although the general. outlook for private members' Bills is not rosy. In addition to all these there are neces sarily the Appropriation Bill and the periodical- supply Bills to be accounted for, so that bulk if not quality may be looked upon as assured. Many texts for talk are included in this tabulation, but the weight of 'Hansard' owes much likewise to the discussion of ab stract propositions which as a rule come to nothing, to the interminable Interrogation of Ministers, to the airing of grievances when supply is called on, and to discursive financial criticism in respect to the Budget and the Esti mates. The Parliamentary machine always moves slowly. Considering its size and weight and its ill-fitting parts it is sometimes wonderful that it moves at all. 