A LADY'S LETTER FROM LONDON. Sept. 14. A sort of post-mortem examination of the deadest of Reasons is being held by some of our excursive journalists, with rather uncer tain, but on the whole, depressing results. The merely high-fashionable and acutel/ social aspects of the case are admitted; not withstanding the faefc that a great number of people were quite able to amuse them selves thoroughly and persistently while the death-dealing in Soutb Africa was hav ing its rebound in (he homes and hearts of their friends and acquaintances, the world in which 'Ton s'amuse," in the widely-ex tended sense of an ordinary Ixmdon season, was decidedly "quiet*," to use the univer sally-employed shopkeepers' euphemism for the non- spending of money by their custo mers, according to the tradesman's no tions of the proper tiling. The luck of the interviews has been precarious. Several of the most important shopkeepers have de clined to answer questions respecting theu season's business, others have maintained so much discretion in their replies, sitting tight on the fence of non-committal, that we can only surmise that if they had anything to boast of in the way of exception to the general rule they would have availed themselves of it. The carriage-buildcrs have boon excep tionally frank in their admissions. The "Daily News" gives some interesting in formation on the whole subject, and eays that one of^the largest of the companies tells not only of a great many vehicles that have been cent to them for sale, but of a great falling off in orders for new car ! rjages that ordinarily would have taken the place of out-of-date equipages. No ac count seems to he made of the autoinotor movement in the lessening of carriage building. yet I know of some instances in which motors" are now used by county magnifies at their country seats, lii France, as in America, the spread of the motor is going on at an extraordinary rate. Here it is comparatively creeping, but it is a mistake to suppose that the backward Briton is altogether opposed to it. The Prince -of Wales continues his patronage of the latest ''gait o' going." He has re cently bad two motors built {or Saudriug bairi. . . j So much baB been paid about the badness j of the scosou in the miHiacrv and dress-' making sense that we are glad to learn that the case has 'been much exaggerated by public rumour. The great people'in those branches of trade whose vast profits come to them exclusively from "that small world We may' call the great" have, un doubtedly, wade less money than usual, and others of tbe class o1 tradesmen whose de pendence is on society customer, but those who do IpisiuesB with the immense <well» to-do tipper middle-class .are as completely content as it is human nature to be. The "Daily News" Interviewer .with a nice sense of humour, gives a cjiHiatteriatic story, which I venture to'repeat; one fun injaKine the polite seriousness - >vitli W^ich a question as. to jlie rise during the war in tbe prosperity of live' West-fend shops, which 4o. a fecial liusiness in the supply of inburninp would be p\it. "Well, it luis.inadc us,» rittlfe- buBy/'iisaid^the re prefientative' pf'One of ilioijeeftabruSinien t$, iust. aboiik enough.M> .make. tip for sonic falling-off iti other doi>artriu^ts> put, you see, rnouruing Jibs go|S out orjfasfljon, ' It's the spirit of the age; P&ple;jdoiri: go in for it now as tlieiV Used to -do." - Sir Walter . Jlpsant's -aiew novel, "The Fourth Generation," is of his very best, in that pefeuUtft- line of - serious but not morpse Bpcial philosophy ^vbich. he never Buffers to tiBuij) orJnfubge the rights, of fiction jjure afld «impw; so tliat ;"fione of hisreadere can lobour under the'grtevailce of feeling themselves surreptitiously in structed. Tbe secret ofthe;story,, palpable t?. the-aclM* m-the 4rjMnk'^»w ,w:ia,.«sycho logical momeot>riB-ft -Vera'mirfeat oEarakgi nwon.SiJ^ o£.tbe writings ofthis author, essentially & maQ ot the world and an observer of its wava m "the classes," who /ignores: the "b8« fonds" of society and the questions which have reference to them, not cynically. t,,,t as though they were not; but he can be toft superficial for his "pose," and this he is iu the present iimtanco Nobody, not even the clever and sprightly American widow, who is the only person in the book whom one cares for, has any more than surface interest. It is all trivial throughout, a novel which would do credit to several other novelists, but does not en hance the admiration in which wc hold the creator of "The Rogue." Miss Violet Hunt is one of the novelists-they art not numerous nowadays-who are always "asked for," as they say at the book- stalls and a volume of stories by her has been overdue for some tune. We have it at last under the admirable title of "Affaire of the Heart." This is a collection of short stories, sketches, and dialogues, marked by originality, wit, shrewdness, know ledge ol society, and of the worlds of litera ture and art, and touched with the swift pathos which is a marked characteristic of all Miss Violet Hunt's writings. We have had a good tnaqf collections of Bhort stories recently; I think ''Affairs of the Heart" is the best among them, "The Gatclesa Barrier," by Lucas Malet (Charles Kings ley's daughter), is very curious. The hero is In love with the ghost of a lady with whom an ancestor of his own was in love a hundred years previously, and persuades himself that he is that ancestor reincar nate. The idea is good, but too slehder a thread for the weight that is hung upon it. "Mr. Morrison, of Mean Streets,'' as I have heard our "real - lifest writer" callcd, has surprised us all l>v announcing a book (to be published a week hence) on completely new lines, culled "Cunning Muirell." The plot is, it ap pears, la:d neither in London nor in the present time, but in Essex 50 years ago, and the chief character is an extraordinary eld fellow who lived at that time. The book is a study of the country scenes and man ners of its period. I should thiuk Mr. Ar thur Morrison would do well anything he undertakes, but he has laid such a hold upon us os the realistic limner of the very poor in crowded poverty-stricken London that it will be difficult to accept him all at once in such "fresh fields." Among the newest new books which claim attention is the very best book in China I have ever read, ana I think such will be the judgment of all its other readers, if like me, they appreciate the pleasure of being told that they are not alone in hav ing usually given up books upon China in the true Dundreary spirit. Miss Kliza Buhamnh Scidmore. whose "China: the Long-lived Empire, is sent to us from New York by the Century Company, is "the author o*f the day." She does not make things comfortable or easy by any means, as regards her huge, unwieldy theme, but she does raise our self respect by telling us, in a very frank and ?rood-humoured way, that, having visited China seven times in the last fifteeen years, she finds "the mystery of its people and the enigma of its future only increased.' A third edition, reprinted from the second edition, which has long been out of print, of the late Lord Loch's work "A Personal Narrative of Occurrences during Lord Elgin's Second Embassv to Chiua in 1S60," appears in Mr. Murray's list of forthcoming works, and will Jiavc a strong retrospective interest. Under tlie title of a former long popular periodical, which appeals to senti ment rather than to novelty, Mr. Murray announces the in pending appearance of a new magazine, price half-a-erown. The "New Monthly" puts forth a programme of a comprehensive kind; it proposes to survey, discuss, and criticise religion, ethics, litera ture, art, science; and history, international relations, eolout?s, empires, navies and armies, politics, social questions, hobbies, pastimes and amusements, and to throw in a serial novel, original poetry, and criticism on current literature; so nobody can com plain that lie does not get enough for his two and sixpence. The programme reminds us of the proposal to ".Survey mankind from China to l'eru," but there is no great novelty in it, except its claiming to do wholesale what other periodicals share among them. The "Monthly Review" will be edited by Mr. Henry A'ewbolt. There is a familiar touch i of human kindness in one item of the pro gramme. After we have been told that wc arc to be indulged with large margins, and stitched instead of wine bindings, wc learn that "the top only will be cut, so as not entirely to remove the source of that subtle pleasure which very many still find in the use of a paper-knife." Only a sympathising soul could have written that sentence. "Subtle pleasure" is decidedly good. And the nice discernment between the subtle ness of the pleasure of cutting your maga zine pages at the top, and the disturbing trouble of cutting them at the sides, is likewise good. Social news is vesy scarce. The Queen is very well, and hag her grandson, Prince Henry of Prussia, an 4/short visit. Rumour varies about Her Majesty's going to Cler tnauy. Probably the authentic report of the health of the Empress Frederick, which the Prince" of Wales, who saw his sister frequently during his stay at Ham burg, may bring >vUl decide the matter. Au unexpected uuprovenjent has taken place in the healtli of the Duchess of Fife, and she is now able to pursue her favourite outdoor occupation, fishing. ' Hie Queen is" to have a visit early in October from her portentous grandson, the Emperor William. . Very little notice has been attracted by the anarchist threat to kill the King of, Kouinania. A tuore un meaning murder it would be difficult to devise, uut I have heard from a private source that "Carmen Sylva,' the threatened king's "poetess-wife, has been greatly affected by? the so-called revelation, which is probably a nise to divert certain disconcerting police nitention 'from another quarter, itud that her nerves are seriously shaken. My correspondent tells jne that the Queen Jmb been warned by *» anony mous letter that the Kjicig would do well 10 absent himself from the weddiug (which is to take place at Munichin the firet week of October) of the heir to the. Belgian throne. Prifcce Albert of Belgium, the only surviving son of the Comte-de i lonare, is making, -weiarl! told, a love watch wit" the Bavarian jSrihces«, Elizabeth, who is a daughter*)! Duke Gliariea Theodore, and a niece of the ; unfortunate Empress of Austria. Probably the. threat is only a cruel and unmeanShghoaic; but it has hit one innocent hard aJrfcady. From Pari# 1,'Jifear wondersof the pre parations fortbfKGtfwtaiJtiwui Feast of tp k&ypra.; AVill be turned into a peace£iii c»mp for the ;occ!i" sion, and Hie resources of the city- will be taSOd fpr attendai^i Vp' to the loth inst. 10,300moyors md^occpted the civic invila tiOiJ. eud acem)t'atibiis ^re fitill pouring in enwrtamad at the Palais StelTndustne. *he famoui.fe^t'-tbat "ne'er was forgot by ttoftc' whe 'vprtf there 01 those wbb were a rivals the j&lejtsant; to tie fewt appreciation by allclassea of the treasure! or the Wallace Collection at Hertford* house. The rooms are crowded «very day, i and the interest and delight of the visitors ore unflagging. Quite a lierature is Rccumu-' Jating about this unparalleled bequest to the nation. | 