JL Comic Opera Prin- cipality. AN EXTRAORDINARY POLI- TICO-FINANCIAL SITUATION. That, interesting little principality which Tennyson has described as the "Rough Rock Throne of Freedom," Montenegro, is in a very sad and des- perate plight. The government is on the verge of bankruptcy, and emis- saries are now in Alenna attempting to raise a State loan of 2,000,000doL for 20 years at 20 per cent, annually Notwithstanding: this very tempting rate of interest the emissaries are meet- ing with failure. For the banks have no confidence in the ability and incli- nation of the Montenegrin government to meet its liabilities, because the chief . banking firms are already hopelessly involved in the Austro-Hungarian post and have made many futile efforts io HXMirâ the reimbursement due from Montenegro. I The newly organised army of Monte- ! negro is on its last legs and is rapidly ^ «T-sintegrating. Men and officers arc deserting daily because they have been so long without pay that starvation stares them in the face. An attempt was made recently to induce the Count of Mecklenburg to pay to the Prince of Montenegro one half of his daughter's dowry." But this the Count peremptorily refased to do. The Count of Mecklenburg is the son of the Grand Dake of Mecklen burg-Strelitz, and his daughter, Jutta, .waft married last July to Prince Danilo, heir apparent to the throne of Monte- negro. ?ANY EICH AND POWEBFUL COîTCTECTIONS Prince Nicholas of Montenegro is the proud* father of nine children three sons and six daughters. Several of his daughters have made «scellent matches, and tiley are renowned far and wide for their beauty. Militza, the eldest, married the Russian Grand Duke Peter Nikolaievitch ; another, Stana, married Duke George of Leuch- tenberg. Aelena, the third daughter, it will be remembered, married Victor Emmanuel, Prince of Naples and heir to the throne of Italy. The fourth daughter, Anna, married Prince Fran- cis Joseph of Battenberg, which brings the Montenegrin house in close connec- tion with the British court. Princess Anna and her sister, Princess Helen, are great favorites with Queen Vic- toria The marriage of Prince Danilo brought the house .of Petroviteh of Montenegro into close connection with a reigning German house, but it does seem hard luck that in this time of need Prince Nicholas can neither col- lect Jutta's dowry nor be able to bor & row from any of his powerful connec- tions. Perhaps the valuable wedding presente that European moaarchs showered upon Prince Danilo's bride will have to be sacrificed to put bread in the mouths ».£ hungry toldiers. "WHY MOJiTENEGKO CARNOT BOQP.OW But this is not the first time in recent years that Montenegro has gone begging for money among the nations of Europe. The Montenegrins themselves hardly take the trouble to cultivate the little land thev possess. The country itself, even with a good harvest, never produces sufficient grain for the national consumption. A cer- tain quantity has to be imported. It is no wonder tliat a country so lacking in resources, with so little cultivated, so to speak, finds it difficult to raise loans. Repeated attempts have been mado .by tke government of Montenegro within the last few years to rait>e money in Europe, and it has attempted to float a number of practicable schemes, but always without success, although large vates of interest were offered.. How this interest was to be paid has always been a question that has staggered European financiers. And until the Montenegrin govern- ment can explain ic will go begging among the nations of Eorope. Before the Russo-Turkish war of 1876-78, in which the Montenegrins gained their independence, but little ready money was required. The people lived from hand to mouth, and from time to time supplemented such re- sources as they had by predatory ex- cursions into Turkish territory. But now the Montenegrin finds that he re- quires cash to pay for articles imported , from abroad, as well as for the pay- ment of taxes. In fact, au economic révolutionna a small way has taken place. Expenses have increased and revenue diminished. " Perpetual adaptation to environ- ment," says Herbert Spencer, *« is the law of life," but the Montenegrins have not yet learned how to adapt them- selves to new conditions-to the en- vironment of peace. A PATBIABCHIAL AUTOCRAT. ' Perhaps the Montenegrins have entirely too patriarchial form of go- vernment and lean too much upon it, and it may be that this keeps them from developing and keeping abreast of the times. For when the govern- ment of Montenegro is spoken of, this means the Pi ince. Truly can he say with the Grand Mon- arque " L'état c'est moi !" Prince Nicholas of Montenegro is a pic- turesque and remarkable figure among the potentates of Europe, among whom he is the only autocrat of a purely patriarchal type. He is a sort of Pooh Bah and Mikado rolled into one, and is practically his own Premier and Judge of the Supreme Court, and is both practicaJy and theoretically his own Lord Chancellor and Commander in Chief. The Prince, in fact, is the supreme head of the State. There is no repre- sentative system, not even rural com " munes. There is no control, no law, no budget. The country is divided into so many districts, which are~ com- posed of a certain number of sub-dis- tricts, governed by prefects -who are «died captains and who are generally intrusted with both civil and military Jttwer, The authority exercised by these captains is not accurately de- fined, for there are no laws regulat- ing the exercise of their jurisdic- tion. The administration of justiee is pe ciliar. There are no laws, the will of the Prince being suprema Minorj cases are decided by the captains. " There are ¿courts of first instance in tire chief towns -of the burge districts and ¿supreme court at the" ¡capital, Cettinje. This is at the same "tiiue a eonrfc of first instance* and a court of appeal, from whose ' judgment^ how-, ever, there is a further appeal to the Prince himself as absolute master. The Prince dwells in a modest red tiled mansion in the capital. Cettinje is a queer little town, numbering about 2,000 inhabitants, and is little better than a mountain -village. Though Cettinje is not, the largest town in Montenegro, still it is the centre of that principality by long custom and right, and has been for many centuries the focus of toe national life and the last stronghold of the people in their long warfare against the Turks. Under a tree in front of the modest palace at Cettinje, Prince Nicholas may be seen any day surrounded by his Ministers and the dignitaries of his court, decid- ing the afiairs of State. Here the Prince himself, like TC'ng Solomon, de- livers judgments on the differences of his subjects-judgments from which there is no appeal and which cannot be questioned. But the Prince not only makes his country's laws, but he makes ita songs as well-at least, he has written a great number of them, and two of ais plays are the favorite stock j productions at the little theatre of the little capital. For the Prince is ai poet aa well as an autocrat, and doubt- j less his subjects reverence his songs as they do his laws. There is no written law in Monte- < negro, with the exception of a civil , code published some years ago, which ' is very incomplete, dealing only with j questions of property. But copies of this code are extremely rare and have not been distributed except to a chosen few. Consequently, the general public J has hardly any means of ascertaining ? what the new code enjoins. There is ?' no special code, all cases being tried according to the established cus \- tom or, rather, the judge's discre , tion.-. A PECÜUAB FIHAÎïCIAI. SYSTEM. ' As to Montenegrin finance, the dis 1 trict captains collect the taxes and bring them to Cettinje. Thay come to [ the capital on horseback, accompanied, by a few armed attendants, a second 1 horse carrying sacks containing the ' taxes. Daring the tax season the . Minister of Finance is kept busy, for he has to count the taxes, made up of an infinite number of very small coins and he has to pay the State officials. < These dignitaries have sometimes to s wait five or six months for their salà | ries. The ghost walks only occasion aUy in Montenegro and at certain in- tervals. The total revenue amounts to i 200,000 dol. The pay of a Minister Ï varies from 1,000 to 1,500 do!, per ; annum, while that of high function 3 aries of State does not exceed 400 doL ) The Prince has no ¿civil list. After the Government employees have been [ paid the remainder goes to him. When i the Prince went to St. Petersburg to \- assist at the marriage of his daughter, K Princess Militza, lo the Grand Duke ; Peter Nicolaievitch, he took with him , all the money in the State coffers with Î the exception of 200 florins. The con- sequence was that ali the dignitaries i had to wait for their salaries until His i Highness returned it to the Treasury. ; At a rough estimate about half the I national revenue goes to the support of > thft Prices and his court. , The revenues being small, and as : älontegegro does not raise enough pro » duce to support itself, and as it has no , uianu factories or commerce worth mentioning, it is no wonder the \- country finds it exceedingly difficult to j raise a loan in these practical days. A GLOSIOUS PAST. The country has had a remarkable \ history, a long heritage of glory, but [ this does not seem to count when the principality tries to borrow from its richer neighbors. This small spot of earth has mantained its freedom against the most fearful odds-this home of a handful of men who* with- stood the assaults of a mighty empire. Few nations have had such a Btirring and eventful history-a natío» which, though so few in numbers, repelled the all conquering Turk, and maintained its liberty at a time when every other part of the Balkan Peninsula had fallen under the sway of the Ottoman. Gladstone said that the traditions of Montenegro "exceed in glory those of Marathon and Thermopylae, and all the war traditions of the world." Although the present dynasty, of which Prince Nicholas is the seventh, has existed a little over 200 years, ' Montenegro dates its independence three centuries earlier. When the old realm of the Servian Czars was shat- tered by the Turks oa the fatal field of Kossovo, in 1389, those Serbs who ? preferred liberty to the Ottoman yoke Ifled to the impregnable limestone clifls of the Black Mountains. Nature has been the ally of the hardy moun- taineers. The stones, which, according to the legend, fell out of the bag which God was carrying over Monte- negro at the creation of the world, have been their strongest bulwark against invasion. Onward swept the tide of Ottoman conquest. Servia, Bosnia, Herzego vina, Greece and Bulgaria fell under the Turkish yoke. Montenegro was surrounded on all sides, an island of liberty, against whose rocky shores the waves of Islam beat incessantly, but in vain. War with the Turks is the very essence of Montenegrin history, a battle of dwarf against a giant, but the dwarf was finally victorious. \ Early in ¿be sixteenth century Mon 'enegro was deserted by its sovereign, 1 rince George, who married a Venetian wife and took np his residence in her more comfortable city. The people chose their bishop as their chief, and prince-bishops, muscular Christians, continued to Jea-â them with^uccess I against tfeo Tarka. * , Finally, in 1851, Danilo, nephew ^ditiOKninee of the previous prince ^îshôp, jPeter LT., succeeded in having (Montenegro declared a secular State, with tíué"hereditary government of a! ; prince] His nephew, the present Prildee; Nicholas, succeeded to the .throne,, and At the close of the war <of 1§76-1678 Montenegro was declared a 'sovereign principality With a. long, history of almost continuous and «ue cessful warfare behind them, it is no wonder that the. Montenegrins find it difficult to adapt* themselves to the changed conditions of peace. Once during -the late -war, when Prince Nicholas attempted to dissuade an old man of 80 years from joining his ranks, the insulted warrior drew ^pistol and shot himself. Life without warfare had no charm for him. Tbe accession of territory obtained under the Berlin treaty has already begun to alter the character of the country. The area of the principality has been- almost doubled, and fertile valleys, tracts of rich woodland, and a, strip of sea coast have been added to the realm. Montenegro is now some- thing more than the rocky eyrie of a warlike clan, and the problem of its commercial development constantly occupies the mind of the ruler. A great reform has to be attempted, the conversion of a clan of warriors into an industrial nation. When this re- form shall have been accomplished Montenegro will probably not need the loans that to-day it is so anxiously, but so futilely, endeavoring to nego- tiate, A nation that has maintained its independence against fearful odds for so many centuries ought' certainly to expect to overcome present condi- tions, and to rise toa plane of financial independence. 