<J)d Tuesday night'at the Miners' Institute, Mr. Richard 8. Havocs; M.jj.C.', for Cehtrai Prbvincb;addi essed. his| M-cunt Magnet constituents . on Eeiemtion and . political subjects j generally. The chair was occupied by j the mayor and Beats on the platform. Were occupied by Mr. .Frank Wallace, M.L.A., Dr. C. J. Drew and Mr. Thos. Williams. The chairman in introducing. Mr. Tlaynes bespoke for him a fair and impartial hearing. On the question of Federation, he thought that the people were somewhat ahead of their legis lators, inasmuch as the}' had all made upitheir minds on the -subject and it was possible that some.-of the legis lators had not done that. Mr. Haynes j came to address them on the great question of Federation, hut nobody seemed to know exactly what views be j held. He had met many people that day who disagreed on that subject; some said he was a Federalist and some an anti-Federalist. However,. J Mr. Haynes would relievo their safety, on that scope by speaking ont the j subject and he would soon expose him- J self. Whatever views he held he could I guarantee him a fair hearing from a i Magnet audience. j Mr. Haynes, who was received with j applause, thanked the Mayor and his ! audience for the warm reception given him. He referred to the time of his election for the Central Province, four years ago, when there were only one or two voters in the district, and the candidates had not thought it worth while to visit the place to secure them. The numbers had increased greatly since then and a visit to address them was both a duty and a pleasure. Since his election he had done his best for his district. He had found that the tendency of the Government ;wa3 to pull money and everythi> g down south, and that policy he had opposed. Ho would recount a few of the reforms he had taken an active part in while he sat as their representative. He had been President of a Commission to enquire into the Bankruptcy Laws and the result of that enquiry was that the Official Receiver was dismissed from his office and prosecuted. He had presided over the Harbor Lights En quiry Board, and from the board's labors drastic reforms were instituted in the interests of shipmasters and shipping generally. He had also been appointed chairman of ai hoard to enquire into the affairs of the Midland Railway Co., but unfortunately be had not been able to bring that peculiar J business to a final determination. Had he been able to do so he would have afforded them a considerable amount of useful and perhaps amusing information relating to tlie machina tions, conspii ings, underhand dealings and evil works qt.th&t;company. Thej M idlaud Railway was one of the worst managed institutions in theqolony and' was.an eyesore in the land. It was a stumbling Hock to railway progress and should be abolished. The Gov-; eminent had lent them no assistance in prosecuting the enquiry ; it seemed | to be a pet of theirs. When elected four years ago be was prepared to give j the Forrest Government his support, and for two years did so. Two years ago, the Government introduced a bill for the construction of a line from Menzies to L>'iinr.;:i. lit- poi.y -d out the serious injury thai would :hereby be done this dhtiiet a.• :«1 that too !»••»• • OUgb • TO st 1 nm May-:.:. !»•»» Sir John Force t ti vl rh i teuticn was to carry ihe r>ii-,va v= * i—tit along and jo evvntir ily jn vt.on at Magnet. He rupiiuu th.tt in that case it would Ik- jr.-d as well to star! from here and no iff: oth r v.-■ —1 and laughter), bur uhcM didn't suit she Government at all ; ib y wanted to draw everything I'r.un the other end. By the extension of the MonzH-s rail way, the pr-nph> on the eastern fi-dds would lu;ve to pay considciybL more for freight than if the- line was tupped by the natural port. The whole thing savored <• f underhand i rflm-nc and in his opinv-n Inn sliiigs were bring pulled h;. Perth and Fivmanth' m-r chants. To comum net thin glaring injustice, he had moved an amend ment that nr. more railways he built. This was car. ied. and in the face of it the Government had the unparalleled impu :erc to send up the lull for the Const; nc'ion of the Merzies-Leonora railway, but it was iLan-i out. This appeared to incense Sit Joh.i -,v'i) had treated hi n us en enemv ever since. Sir John Fnrnvi. hunchied that people should not «'i;T r from him politically; Jf they did they oife ided hhu ncsop ally. SirSdolm•siv.-'Tit Th treaffiiju- Ss" an enemy on nil occasions and he (Mr. Haynes) quite willingly accepted the The. -Government ., had utterly forfeited the confidence of the , people. The electors of the colony had been suffering from mal-adminis tration for some years and any attempt at enquiry was burked and .stifled. Sir" John Ferrest was imbued with the idea that he possessed a Divine Right and brooked neither .opposition nor enquiry. Railways were always sub jects fctr complaint in every colony, but the mal - administration of this department in W.A. was out of all 'proportion,' compared with that iti other colonies, and whenever honest inquiry into the management \fras imminent it was suppressed; ring after ring bad been formed for that purpose. For instance, the Midland Railway Co., operating between Fremautle and Geraldton, received one-tenth of all freight carried over their lines but j took no responsibility for either loss or damage ; the Government bad to pay for all damage. All sorts of schemes ; and trickery was countenanced on the Government lines and wanted sifting badly. He heard that certain^ people were actually trafficking m old rails, and this matter, the disposal of old rails, should and would be ^enquired into. The grievances of-tbe railway; miaumaimiMMiim it necessary to combine in an associa- ■ tion for their mutual.protection. This ' association >vas.designed to get justice, hut the (department wanted to "give them injustice . and v—refused tbetii recognition, On behalf of'the men, i tbef Minister had been -waited upon by., members of Parliament, but without avail. Here was a Minister of the Crown mal-adminisieifng' a public "department, and objecting to the interference of members of Parliament' fciying to rectify this inal-administra tion on behalf of the public. Sir John Would probably throw over Mr. Piesse, but he would ciing to his own seat like i\y to a ruin. This was a nice kettle of fish; it would most likely boil over. The Public Works Depart ment under the same management of the Commissioner for Railways' was no better. Votes were made for public works but no plans were prepared. As an instance he quoted that some considerable time ago a vote for a P.O. was placed 0:1 the estimates, hut it seemed impossible to get the plans out. At last the Minister said that the P.W.D. draughtsmen were so busy making plans for sheds for bubonic patients that they could not attend to anything else. The leader of the Upper House, the Hon. (J. Randall, Colonial Secretary, he stigmatised as remiss, in allowing the Premier" to dominate the Chamber. Hospitals Were under the Colonial Secretary's department and their management generally, and that of the Perth Hos pital in particular, were a disgrace to the colony. The conduct of the Crown Law Department was open to severe censure, if not grave suspicion. (A voice : It always will be while Penne fatber controls it.) Mr. Pennefatfaer resembled a fly ia amber; it was nothing pretty but gave rise to much wonderment as to how the dickens it got there. It was proposed to elevate this gentleman to the Bench, hut he would protest against it to the last. Mr. Pennefather had a lot of influen tial friends who were like balloons and took him up with them, but when ever ho saw one of these balloons soaring up in future he would put a long torn on to it. If a man could not properly adminis ter his department he was not fit to sit on the bench. They had all heard of a certain incident where a person had been appointed Resident Magis trate, whose life and actions did not reflect any credit upon him. To obtain such an appointment, a man should be right above suspicion, and if he was not, then he brought the law into contempt, and those sort of things made this a good colony to get out of. The Mines Department, he was glad to say, was clean and well adminis tered as far as he could discover. Then there was the Premier's Department, the Colonial Treasurer's importance was so overwhelming that he must have more clerks and departmental officials than any .pther Premier in Australia. Mr. Dyne coujd as Premier to the great colony of N.S.W. ' without a Premier's Department, but our must nave a special department all to hia own cheek and it would make them laugh to see the people in it. There was the Premier's private secretary, Mr. North, and Mr. Eustace Vernon; he did not know exactly what position be occupied but it was something or other. He went to South Africa to fight the Boers, hut the place was filled up by the chief clerk in the post office who drew a salary of £400 or £500 a year and who wasn't wanted anyhow. The Government of W.A. was a one man Government and that man was Sir John Forrest. As a rule premier's had colleagues, he had servants instead, and he could sack them if they didn't do as he told them, an5 he would sack them. The last one he sacked, he sacked iu his night shirk. (Laughter). The Executive was a body who were supposed to carry out the wishes and attend to the wants of the country, but i the executive of W.A. consisted of Sir j John and a lot of ghosts. There was | only one man instead of a ministry. | W hat sort of a majority did the I Government possess. It was a bullock j bell majority. When they wanted to knock out the Opposition they would | the bell. (A voice : What about Rason), Mr. Rason was the whip. As j far as the Ministry was concerned Sir i John was as autocratic as the Czar of j Russia. He would not deny that Sir John had done good in the past, when Mr. E. H. Wittenoom and others in the Upper House kept him in erder, but now he picked out blubber-backs and jelly- fish to keep company with. Sir John was not absolutely rotten apd j corrupt as had been suggested, but at j the same time he did suspicious things. Opposition members were told they could not get any money for their constituencies, but on the eye- of election Sir John Eent fellows-up and they drank the. Premier's health a"nd made all sorts of promises and tried to rope the people in and all that kind of thing to get them to return a Govern ment supporter, "Spoils to the victor" in fact. It was not an honorable Government. Sir John was a shilly sbally, he backed down to every out ciy and had no stability of charaoter. He had given tbem some of the reasons why he could no longer support the Government, and he would earnestly advise them to return an oppositionist whenever the opportunity offered, for the Government no longer merited honest support. Regarding the great question of Federation, so much had been said, and so much had been left to be said, that it would take a week to refute or answer the man* chimerical arguments used for and against it. It was true he had taken the chair recently at an anti-Federal meeting, but no one could say from hia words then whether hewasfororagainst Federation. He had decided to keep his real sentiments for his constifcnents to hear first, and he was now about to rc- veal tb< m. Everyone with an ounce of common, sense mt^t b$ iq favor of joderarinn. imt.iKn nUtwrfion ms'ti wordd it bp nfiitegtable at the price of the Bill in its present form. When federation was first mooted, it was pointed out that W.A. v. us cot in a fit state to join a union, and that five or ten years should be allowed the colony before deciding. All agreed to' this at the time, but it was said hv some that it would be necessary to go over to the eastern colonies and join with the delt^atoS" there to pave the way for the - Bill. He (Mr. Haynes) pointed out that this was a Fallacy, for Federation at that time was hut as disintegrated atoms in the air. lie showed that by going over to the convention and tak ing part in it they became committed, and; they would form a hall which tvould roll and increase and roll after "them, and finally roll them into Federation whether they liked it or" not. These ParlianJentariatia would not be dissuaded and were beat on going over; they could see a good time ahead ; they wanted a trip at three guineas a day and plenty of booze,'and they got it and Went over, and when they gift there they left it all to the Premier to pull thro'tigfe. Sir5 - John went Over absolutely resolved not to enter the Federation, and •chm'e back advocating it ;■ he then said there was a mistake da it wasn't such a good thing anyway; The old Settlers had been arguing with him; they were against it and Kir John decided to agree with th'em. He thtn went over to the second conference and said he had got fc'onfeessions and solemnly pro mised to put the Bill before the people and that promise he just as solemnly broke. (A voice: I don't believe it.) It was true, nevertheless; these were positive facts. Instead of put-t'ifj tlfe bi 1 bef re the people as he had promised to do, he referred it to a sel ct committee to report upon and they inserted amend ments into it and then Sir John wanted to put two bills before the countrv, but the Upper House blocked that.' Sir John's latest sbmer&mlt; was at Bun bury where he ^ivent among the cockies and spud growers and advised them to actept Federation, He re fused to be guided by Sir John Forrest on Federation; It was impossible to have confidence in him. The Federal party despised him and fee anti Federalists shared their sentiments; he was betwieu two stooL and would get into the awkward predicament which usually falls to the lot of those in a similar situation. As things at present existed we had a parliament of our own and a revenue of £2,000,000 which was expended in' the colony by the direction of ther people's repre sentatives ; the voice of the people was supreme. By Federating we would take all the power away from our own Parliament and vest it in a Pairliameut outside of the colony, which ftas out of reach. At the same time we tvould hare the expense of keeping ifp crur parliament in Penh though it . wMl<f be ehorfi of its po\yer. By "jS}fiing, we-were-6ntering Intd'aii " .indissoluble ho™*-.-m.r}- there would _bo_ JJ UO get out of -ih---\VS~ could always join hereafter, hut once joined we could never leave it. They jJropdsed to take away 39 powers of our Parlia ment and vest tbem in a Parliament in which we should have five members in the Lower House and six in the Upper House. All the rest of the members of that Central Parliament would have little or no interest in W.A. and would never couie here, ^fr. Haynes then dealt with the sup posed advantage of the reduction of the food duties, and said it would be nothing compared with the Lss <{ .£300,000 revenue, and in any case it had been decided that the food duties must be reduced whether we federated or not. The Federal Tariff would most likely be 80% crr-40'% and how would that work in this colony. Mr. Haynes then reviewed the speech of ^Ir. Frank Wilson, Fremantle, whom be termed the apostle of low wages, and read extracts from the Federal pamphlet of the Hon. A. P. Matheson, who, he claimed, was guilt}7 of mis representation. Federation, the speaker slid, would bring wages down kr 7s. per ■. day and nine hours work. TheBi addon clause, 87,' be stigmatised as unworkable and stated that under Federation if ajjyone wanted a post office order they would have to go to the capital to get it. The Federal Parliament would have no power." to1 - give; us a. transcontinental railway without the consent of South Aus tralia, and he contended that the interests of South Australia were adverse to it. Our borrowing powers would be considerably curtailed, for parliament would not bo justified sin borrowing with a shrinking exchequer. - We " would have no more public worlfy and would have to retrench by cutting :.d$iga the £iviL- servants' salaries. Factories uow operating in the-colony would pifeave it. Dixon's tobacco factory had already decided on that course and others were preparing to follow the example. He referred to | the Canadian Federation and compared British Columbia to Western Aus ! tralia. British Columbia had not ' ! benefitted to any extent beyond gettiqg a trans-continental railway. - British Colombia had few or no central factories, but was full of branch establishments of the large houses in the more important states, and such woutfld be the fate of W.A. Ha had It on the authority of 'a man from Vancouver. In stating some of the advantages of Federation the speaker alluded to defence. The question of defence was not a pressing matter for we always have Great Britain's protection. Regarding loans it wag possible that we could gat money cheaper if the Commonwealth ' guaranteed our loans. Theft the-'e was the great Federal argument, the -sentiment of one nation, but ite .mkin - - -tained that all Australia was British, whether united or separate. "We were - all part of the Great Empire and •should t^e pride in that. la con ' take the example of New Zealand and. wait a while. •* Mr. Frank Wallace, M.L.A., in an effective spoeck criticised :the utter ances of' Mr; Haynes. He asked, should wo regard our friends and rela tions in the East as a set of rogues and vampires eager to drain our blood and take our living from us? He, as a Queenslander would be sorry to j think that of the people be bad lived amongst in that colony. In speaking j of -heme politic-5, he .diad-.d to the j railway policy of the Government and j maintained that instead of the cen- . T ralization .policy of building up Peiih and Fremautle by means of the rail way, each important port should he fed by a line running through the country adjacent to it. If the Gov ernment desired to foster the trading interests of the colony as a whole, they would do this. The Opposition in Parliament had an uphill struggle. People frequently asked, "Oh, what have the Opposition done ?" There Were 17 Oppositionists out of a Par liament of 44, the majority was not a Government majority, it was Sir John Forrest's majority, but though it pre vented the Opposition from carrying measures, it could not prevent criti cism of Government -actions. It rested with the people outside of Perth and Fremantle who were not getting treated fairly, to assist the Opposition by returning members to its ranks, lleverting to Federation, be said we must not judge Western Australia by what she is to- day, but by what she would be in a few years hence. These anti-billites, who were taking on them selves to stump the country aud kick against Federation, were the very people who in Parliament had sent the Federal delegates to the Eastern Colonies. They didn't give the people any voice in the matter. Now they pot around the country asking the j eople to go dead against what they were responsible for themselves. The greatest good to the greatest number was what every light thinking man ought to consider. Mr. Wallace then extensively went into the question of the possible fall in wages and said it was the bogey the anti-Federalists relied on to pull their cause through with the working man. There would be many sources of revenue to make op the loss we would sutler by joining, and one of the principal ones would be the revenue fiom land. If W.A. did not produce sufficient for her own needs now she would in a few years' time, and therefore why should the eastern people want to make a "dump iug ground" of W.A. They didn't want to and they were not going to do it. The term "dumping ground" was a most objectionable aud senseless phrase. In concluding, he asked the audience to-remember the 31st of July and do their duty at the polls, lie would be prepared to accept the ver dict of the majority, whatever it might he. | VoteSvoI thauka having been passed j -'""V- -....mi ] Vulree ringing cheers for Federation, j and some hardened and solitary anti- j incite, calling for three cheers for j -ant^-Federation, only succeeded in j evoking a storm of boo-hoos and groans. 