FEDERATION., PUBLIC MEETING AT FRE MAN TLE. SPEECHES BY MR. HACKETT AND DR. ELLIS. Despite the unpromising nature of the weather. a large audience assembled in the Old Englyshe Fayre grounds, at Fre mantle, last night, to hear addresses on the subject of Federation by Mr. J. W. Hackett, M.L.C., Dr. Ellis (of the gold fields), and others. There were fully 500 people present. The chair was occupied by Mr. Henry Briggs, M.L.C. Amongst those on the platform were Messrs. W. E. Moxon, T. C. Cartwright (general secretary of the Engine-drivers, Fire men, and Cleaners' Association), Far rington (president of the Fremantle branch of the Australian Natives' Asso ciation), Waugh (secretary of the local branch of the A.N.A.), H. B. Lousada, W. Mortess (hon. secretary of the local branch of the Federal League), W. Fin lay, and Dr. Davey. The chairman an nounced that the meeting was being held under the auspices of the A.N.A. and the Federal League Mr. Hackett said it gave him very real and sincere pleasure to be present that evening, ann he had to thank the Jre mantle oranch of the Australian .Natives' Association for giving him the first op portunity of atdressmg a Fremantle audience. He must say in the first place that in discussing the question of 1i'ede ration, a regrettable element of per sonality had been introduced. In a see tion of the Press and elsewhere, certain of them, himself among the number, had been attacked for the attitude they had seen fit to assume on the matter which was occupying all their minds. He de precated the dragging in of those per sonalities for many reasons, the chief of which was that by such a course the true issue was apt to be obscured, and, therefore, wrong was done to the cause at heart and, to the people who were honestly striving to under stand it. Speaking for himself, he trusted that they would give him credit when he said that the object he ever kept before his eyes was that of doing the best for the country in which he lived. (Applause.) In considering the question of Federation, not only should they look at it from the standpoint of the present, from their own petty point of view, but it was right and just that they should think of the generations which had to Come after them. Union Imperative. Having had, as they knew an intimate connection with and knowledge of the great question for years past, he stood before them that night to utter his ear nest conviction that for the welfare of the colony, and for the welfare of those who would live in the colony when they were gone, union with the other parts of Australia must be brouight about. It should come about without delay. It was contended that if Western Australia stood out and waited, she would be able to get better terms from the other colo nies. He was absolutely certain that the terms now offered were the best that the people of Western Australia would ever get. They had got as good terms as the others, and in some respects the terms offered them were better than those offered to the other colonies. After referring to the concession of the sliding scale, Mr. Hackett said that if a man asked for £10 a week, and was told that he would only be given £8, would it be sensible on his part to say that he would reject the £8, and take nothing? Would he not rather take the £8, and decide to do the best with it ? A Voice: Is that why you changed? Mr. Hackett: Yes. It was, he con tinued,,only a coward, a madman, or a fdol who would say that he would not take what he could get. If he came across the interjector, he would endea vour to get out of him all he could. (Laughter.) There was this aspect of the question, that if Western Australia did not decide for Federation now, she would be face to face with An Embittered and Hostile Australia, an Australia which would remember, when' we were forced to ask for admis sion, that it had been insulted and de fled. Then how could it be hoped that, if we waited, we would get better terms than were now held out? Never before in the history of a campaign had there had been a list of inaccuracies put before a people as in the present contro versy. It reminded him of shooting with a double-barrelled gun-shoot to the right and shoot to the left, keep on shooting long enough, and something would be hit. (Laughter.) Dire warn ings had been uttered about the greed of the Eastern colonies. It had been de clared that they simply wanted to take Western Australia in as a partner in was acknowledged that we must go in sooner or later. He had studied the literature and utterances of the party opposed to Federation, and he must con fess that he had got completely mysti fied by the contradictory statements. What one man said another gainsaid, and often in succeeding days he found absolute contradictions in consecutive issues of the same journal. Anti- Federal Inconsistencies. After much study, he had discovered that the following were to be taken as samples of the arguments intended to secure votes opposedtoFederation: That the hostility and greed of the East are so great that we dare not trust them as partners: On the other hand, if we ask for better terms at any time we please we shall be sure to get them. That we shall lose so much in inter colonial taxation that our reveune will be seriously reduced: On the other hand, we shall be much more heavily taxed under Federation, which would imply a greater revenue. That in the Federal Parliament Western Australia will be swamped by Eastern votes: On the other hand, she should not be per mitted an equality of voting power in the Senate, as that would he undemo cratic. That the Commonwealth Bill is to blame because it does not give us enough power in the Federal Legisla ture: It is also to blame because it gives us more than our fair share of represen tation in the House of Representatives, and more than one vote in the Senate, which is our proper proportion accord ing to population. That wages are cer tain to be lowered because the cost of living will be reduced: On the other hand, that the cost of living for everyone will be raised. That the food duties are necessary to the existence of our farmers and graziers: That if we do not federate the farming representatives of the As sembly guarantee that all food duties will be renealed excepting those on wheat and chaff. That if we federate we shall lose £300,tiU a year by the loss of the intercolonial duties: That if we do not federate those duties are to be sur rendered, still apparently the revenue is not to be deprived of this £300,000. That the Trans- Australian railway is so essential that we should not federate until we get it: That the Trans-Austra lian railway is of so little importance to us that it is not worth federating for: and, finally, that in any case we shall never have it. That to prevent the main trunk line going to Port Darwin, we should insist before federatine on its going to Fremantle : That the East is, in any case. determined to make Port Dar win the mail port. That if we federate we shall be so utterly impoverished. that we shall have no money for new works: But, again, if we federate the Esperance Coolgardie railway is a certainty, al though it would cost a million of money. That if we stand out of Federation the goldfields are to be guaranteed the re peal of the meat tax : That the repeal of the meat tax will make no differehee whatever in the price of meat. That if vnadesire to unite Australia in the "pitit of high. aspirations and oenhusias.m you are Upractieal If you se to show its advantages on practical grounds you are guilty of a sordid seeking after self interest. The Separation Question. He now came to another question, and that was the absolute certainty-pro bably his friend, Dr. Ellis, would speak more fully about this matter-that if Federation were not carried next Tues day-(a Voice: "It will ")-they should see the goldfields separated from the rest of the colony within the period of 18 months. (Voices: "Yes," and dissent.) Someone said "'No." He would give his reasons why he said "Yes," always as suming that the goldfields voted "Yes" on the Referendum,and he supposed that there were few men in that assembidpe with their full mind and reason who would imagine that the eiold:iclds wo'id do anything else. (A Voite ' That is the reason you changed your viewss.") It was a very good reason, too, if it was to unite the whole of Australia- tan. plause)-for he was for an United Aus tralia, but not the less for an United Western Australia also, and in his own interests. (Applause.) Why did he say that was so? He would not speak of the energy and vitality of the goldficlds peo ple, but be would say that if the gold fields decided to join the rest of Austra lia, and they on the coast decided against it, and overbore the goldfields vote, they would see a struggle at once set on foot to secure separation-this time not for the purpose of separating from Western Aus tralia, but for the purpose of joining themselves to their brethren in the Eastern colonies, and make Australia as much as possible one whole. (Applause.) Everyone who had read the communi cation sent by Mr. Chamberlain lately to various persons (he would not mention their names) in this colony and elsewhre, knew that he had reserved this question of separation as one of the first points if necessary to be put before the Common-. wealth Government; and they knew this also, that if the matter came before the Federal Parliament they would without one dissentient in either the House of Representatives or the Senate, suppli cate the Imperial Government to pass an Act which would give the goldfields the privilege of separating from this colony, and uniting with the rest of Australia. (Applause.) They knew that was the pe tition that would go home and the Im perial Government and Parliament would be equally unanimous in allowing the people to do what they desired. (Hear, hear.) Therefore, they should look to what was going to happen in the East under the Commonwealth or in England. They mi'ht be absolutely certain that, should the vote of the coast overbear the goldfields, the goldfields would demand nd, what was more, obtain) their wish. pplause and a voice: "Quite right.") That being so, it seemed that, beyond the shadow of a doubt they would see the customs house not at Fremantle, but at Southern Cross, hurling back all the produce that came in through Freman tle, and was sent up by rail to the gold fields. (Dissent.) -They would* find a customs house at Southern Cross, or a* near as was required, imposing duties specially desi .ned to give every advan tage to the Eastern States, and to place this colony at as great a disadvantage as possible. New Taxes. Their revenue would have fallen to such small proportions that they would have to search about for all kinds of ar-. ticles to tax, and the very first that would come under the notice of the Trea surer were tea and sugar, which were now admitted free. (Applause.) The Trans-Australian Railway. No towns had so much to hope from Federated Australia as the two to5ns of Perth and Fremantle. One of the very first things which would be under taken, in his opinion, by the 1'ederal Parliament, would be the construction of that great line linking the East and the West,.having one exit and entrance on the Pacific Ocean, and another exit and entrance on the Indian Ocean. (Hear, hear.) Fremantle would become, as it were, the mouth of Australia. It would take in all the products and pom modities of all the world, and pass them as it were, through an artery to the heart of the continent. (Applause.) There was another consideration. The theatre of European interest had within the last few months been transferred to the shores of China. Through that war, they took on themselves obligations which would necessitate an immense naval force being preserved for genera tions ahead, to watch the Indian Ocean and the China Sea; and that naval force would find its true base in that spot where the railway lines of Australia converged, and that was in the port of Fremantle. (Applause.) He solemnly believed that without Federation they had no earthly chance of having that railway constructed. (Hear, hear.) They would lose the support of South Austra lia, who, it was said, wanted to fede rate in order to secure the markets of Western Australia. Perhaps so; cer tainly she wanted to get lier share, but if they shu\ her out of their markets, wa~ that likely to encourage her to grant permission to construct the line? No thing of the kind; she was only mortal like themselves. They had, further, to se cure the goodwill of New South WVales, for New South Wales had also a large section of that line to be constructed, which would bring millions of passen gers and goods from Sydney right on L.uuyuUu LU LU purl or rrenantie. Anew South Wales had also to be coucilia.ted and propitiated, and if they refused to do that, they would find that the colonies which held the des tiny of that line in their hands had become their bitter and their lasting foes. If they only enrolled themselves as members of the Australian Common wealth it would" be to find New South Wales eager to co- operate in the con struction of that line. The mails from Sydney to London would save four days on the outward journey and four days on the inward journey as soon as that railway was completed, and that was far too heavy a bribe for the merchants of Sydney to resist. They were told that it was no use their federating or seeking to federate, because whatever happened that railway was sure to go to Port Dar win, as the influence of South Australia, Queensland, and New South Wales would drive it in that direction, and they were promised a Singapore or a Bombay, with this difference, that no coloured labour was to land there. There were two grounds why, if they treated the other colonies fairly, the port of de parture must be Fremantle or some port of the southern coast rather than Port Darwin. The first was the comfort and convenience of the journey. becauivs In the case if they went to Port Dar v,n they had to run into the tropics by the shortest route and remain there as long as they could, and in regard to Freman tle it was exactly the opposite. The other reason was far more powerful and stringent. These mail steamers could only maintain that exceptional rate of speed, and give them a magnificent ser vice by obtaining a large passenger let and a hold full of goods. That meant that only those steamers whic habad to supply the large centres of repu'ntioin could compete on even ermslll fr tlhat trade. The steamers wnhii-h carr."Il their passengers and frei'rhts to Western Als tralia, Adelaide. Mlelbonrne. and Syd ney would have the advantage that, un less Western Australia turned the scale by their own perverse action, nontlitl could overhear the advantages in fa vour of making Frma:n:tle in pln'p of Port Darwin the chief mail port or Aus tralia. (Applause.) No argumrit :as more common in favour of lenvin': tlhi??s as they were (and it was not a very had rule if they looked at all sides and sae that the better chances v:ere in f'a.r or of staving as they we:'n ,!,.in ti,, 'We have the devil -we kn?w. !'i. 't , c us the devil we know so Ih in oeir ." (Laughter.) The anti-iFeeral pa t,' had no devil of any kind or le -.t .u tn il.;,ich would bear coming o;t, and "i?-ish the'.. could confidently esniwlc 1.1 ,;,, t) confront tlhemn s sEDol as Fe.: accomplished. hbt cn the oth' there was a va-t nu55b"ir" o,? ..: every reasonabhl.bi R ln.:: to face te th light if lraT, ;r:" r : esdunt turined out unf1.,?ot :..,'! on Tuesday ine:t. The Devils W, Know. He mcnti?rid a for of thlose-:.. vils as f l1.o;s: Cintitubd t: Uist i ,to -F_?i" ).':- an ab? t? a gb :i.i, months, and continued year by year un til it succeeds; the West ever intriguing against the East, the East intriguing against the West; separation of the area containing our most important and pro ductive industry, and our best market; prohibitive duties on the part of the goldfields and Australia against all pro ducts of this colony; agriculture severely hit; a consequent fall in land values; an immensely diminished revenue; to compensate this, an increase in custom duties Esperance made the gate of the goldfields; a permanent and almost ex clusive trade with the East in agricul tural products and in Newcastle coal established thereby; no transcontinental railway; our local power of defence seriously crippled; an alienated and em barrassed .Imperial Government; sacri ice of Imperial interest; no part in any scheme of Imperial defences; fewer hands required in the public service, and less money- to pay them with; a conse quent reduction of salaries, or dismissal of officers- loss of all advantages as an original State, including full representa tioh in both Houses of Parliament. guar anteed by the Imperial Parliament, the five years' sliding scale, a voice in the frst tariff and in the first Ministry. Then last of all they would have the loss of All the Advantages of an Original State. They would lose that for ever. Their equal and permanent voice in the Senate, their large representation and perman ent representation in the House of Rep resentatives, their sliding scale, their chance of a voice in the first Ministry, their chance of helping to form the first tariff and of joining in legislation which would probably mould the course of all legislation for the future--all those ad vantages would be swept away for ever, and they would be left regretfully facing those other devils that had been raised, and feeling was no ghost, but a real creature as live as some of his friends in the audience who were interrupting. (Laughter.) It was The People's Fight, and was in their hands. It was for them to decide what would be the fate of WLestern Australia for, perhaps a gene ration to come. (Loud cries of "It will be 'Yes.' ") They would be asked to per form the greatest act. involving the greatest privilege which could be con ferred upon a citizen on Tuesday next an act not merely of electing a represen tative in Parliament, or filling an Im perial or municipal seat. but they were being asked to play the part-no doubt most of them for the first time in thsIr lives-of legislators. They were to ma ?s that great law or forbid it being made for -Western Australia as a whole. I;at was their work. For his own part he had no doubt how the great mass ani majority would vote on the last day of July. They should always rememeor that it rested primarily in the hands of the centres of population, such as the' goldfields, Perth, and Fremantle, as io whether Federation would be acconm plished for the colony. (A Voice: "And Bunbury.") Bunbury would vote in fa your of Federation. (Vociferous cneers., It was a small place, but it would do its best. It rested, however, with the gold fields, Perth, and Fremantle, to say if the sun of next Tuesday should or should not shine. upon a united Australian ns tion. (Prolonged cheering.) ' Mr. Walter Mortess, secretary of the Fremantle branch of the Federal League. and a member of the Australian Nativis Association. said that nobody bad done more in Australia for the cause of Aus tralian Federation than the Australian Natives' Association. Originally, it w?u 29 years ago, the Association was formed for the purpose of forming a patriotic sentiment in Australia. and the Federa tion of all the colonies was its goal. That was almost accomplished. It was only the small end of tle wedge. There was a second object. and that was ro make a white Australia. (Cheers.) For that end the Australian Natives wo.l*1 work on until Australia was in truth solely for the Australians. (Applause.) Dr Ellis, of Coolgardie, who was ac corded a great reception, dealt at some length with the democratic character of the Commonwealth Bill, and then re ferred to the fact that a great deal had been said about the sum of £2,000 which had been sent out from London to assist in fighting the Federal cause. It' had been said that the money was sent out so that they might reduce wages on the goldfields. Mr. Veosper, at the Perth Town Hall, said.that he could prove it. That morning he had sent word to Mr. Vosper that 'e was willing to take up his challenge. (Cheers.) He had seen the cablegram that was sent and every letter before it was sent to England, and he could tell them. that there was no question of a reduction of wages men tioned. (Hear, hear, and applause.) He could tell them likewise that if there had been any question of a reduction of wages in'it, he would have sooner cut eff his right hand than take that £2,000. (Applause.) The readon was that stay ing out of Federation would lower the value of prgperty, in which many people were interested. If that was not a good reason he did not know what was. There was a great reason why England should assist in forming a United Empire. which both capitalists and labourers were try ing their utmost to maintain. They could, therefore. remove from their ainds the idea that the £2,000 was sub acribed to injure labour. It was sub scribed as he had subscribed his little mite, for a United Australia and the good of the British Empire. (Cheers.) At the conclusion cheers were given for the sneakers and the chairman. and the meeting closed with three deafening cheers for Federation. 