Alleged Fenian Flot Exposed. -* CAMPAIGN" THREATENED. MANIFESTO ISSUED. . THE GHOST OF PIGOTf. The "Times" newspapecjias just ex- posed "another Fenian plot." The United Brotherhood is about to seize the opportunity afforded by our South African troubles to found the "Irish Republic." If the "Times" is correct, it is probable that we are on the verge of another Fenian campaign in Ire- land. But it's also probable that the "Times" is a liar. From the circular issued at the head- quarters of the Brotherhood, and printed in extenso by the "Times," we quote the following passages :- «. THE MANIFESTO. - "England's difficulty has at last come, and it remains to be seen whether it shall al-o turn out to be Ireland's opportunity. It will indeed be Ireland's opportunity if Ireland's sons throughout the world prove them- selves equal to the. opportunity. '.No such opportunity has ever been presented to the Irish people, not even by the American Revolution or the Crimean War,- when Ireland was de- nuded of regular troops. The military necessities abroad are already beyond anything which England has ever had to face before. They are increasing day by day, and may soon res ch the point where her military organisation, whick.iis notoriously imperfect, will break down. If that point is reached the disruption of the British Empire will be in sight. "It is a situation which renders it possible for this organisation to make itself felt to be to .the . DETRIMENT OP ENGLAND, and the advantage of her enemies. It can enlarge the sphere of its actionand increase its powers and resources as the struggle goes on, and make use of that struggle.to organise the Irish race at .home and abroad for the supreme effort for Ireland s freedom. . "To hare any chance of success in these efforts the organisation must have both men and money at their command : perfect discipline, and-self control must prevail in its ranks, and the Executive must haye the confi- dence of its members. Loose *a.Hrit?g in public must be stopped, and it must be clearly recognised that the ordinary camp meeting of the reunion is not the proper place to discuss plans of war which require secrecy in their execu- tion. "We call for not less than 50 per cent, of tho funds shown tb be in the treasuries of the camps of the united organisation by th* lawt term reports to be forwarded at once -through the regular channel to the treasurers. "Each camp will receive a .muster?. rou to be filled " up, as dineetedi with - names cf those who are willing to volunteer for active servie any where, witiiout pay, and subject to orders. The name of no man having a wife and family dependent on him should in any case be put on the list, and hone will be accepted but men who have ac- quired a thorough müitary training, or those having special qualifications re- quired in actual service,'such as doc- tors, engineers, veterinary surgeons, armourers, horse-shoers, telegraph operators, or linesmen. Those anxious for service who have no military train ing must remove that obstacle before they can be considered. " Let there be no misunderstanding ing in this matter. This is NOT A CUL TO ASMS, nor a promise to accept the service of any man who may volunteer. " It is simply thc first necessary- step towards putting Our people in readiness to meet emergencies. " In view of the serious character of the work before us, it is necessary., to exercise extraordinary care and vigi- lance in the admission of new mem- bers. England's secret service was never more active than now, and its agents will strain every nerve to gain admission to our ranks. The organi- sation needs men and needs money, but it must never be forgotten that one man may do irreparable harm. Ko man should be admitted, no matter how strong his profession of zeal for the cause, unless his antecedente are thoroughly shown. " Brothers, the fate of Ireland is in your hands, the future of the Irish race depends on your action. "God save Ireland. "Fraternally yours, the Joint Exe- cutive, I " X. (Chairman). "A. (Chairman)." 