fALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] THE. BEAUTIFUL MRS. LEACH. By \V1 JNIFftED GRAHaSI, Author of "A Strange SvHition," "The Star Child," .'Meresia," v' When the Birds Begin to Sing," "Thf Great House of Castleton," etc., etc. CHAPTER XIV. "DEAD DELIGHTS- OLD LOVE'S A>"D PASSIONS PAST." Still unconscious, Sir William was earned to Oliver's bungalow, and placed in Oliver's bed. Oil healing from Billings of his f»T^cj-'s accident, the son hurried uncore^omi)us^, into the midst of his enemj^ an,j Respite Cristina's protests, insis^ on t}le injured man being brought ro the nearest haven of rest. Oliver nawly appeared to see either Morrow Mrs. Leach, as he gave his orders colleo'codly. IsOt until Cristina hissed in his eir, "It is my wish Sir William should be taken to the Hall," did he show by word or look he had observed her presence. Reply ing that owing to his father's condition it was impossible to fall in with her wishes, he dismissed the subject. "You want to take him from me," she con tinued, in a breathless undertone ; to separate a dying man from his promised wife/' But Oliver disabused her of this f:ict, and suffered her to follow Sir William to the bungalow. She had never been allowed to enter the mysterious precincts of Oliver's abode be fore. She had asked him to show her the bungalow the day after her arrival; but he made excuses, declaring it was only a. work shop, and sacred to labor. More than once curiosity had led her to his threshold before the quarrel, but the windows were chiefly of stained glass to b a tile eager eyes, while sky lights admitted the sun. The bedroom, which he gladly surrendered | to the invalid was luxuriously furnished, and ? there was also an air of comfort about the sittingroom in which Ethel Thursby had first met Oliver. The rest of the building was shut away, the laboratory being kept strictly 1 under lock and key. "It's beastly awkward getting ourselves mixed up with this covo again !" said John Morrow, fiercely, "and you've only yourself to thank for it, Cristina. Should the old boy die you will have lost your title through your fool's play." "You might have stopped him following me," retorted Cristina. "How could I guess he would do anything so ridiculous? Of course I was looking out for rabbit holes all the way. Ave there no rabbits in Australia ? the worst of it is, if we lose him after all. Oliver will crow." "Trust me to make him crow to a different tune. The doctors say it is still possible for Sir William to recover, though his injuries are uncommon bad." "Oh! if they've a loophole they will always give hope. Don't you know that much of the profession ? But I read their faces and saw what they feared. Oliver thinks with them, and 1 half believe he is glad-." "On the theory that death is better than life-with Cristina. I wondei how it- was lie twigged you "Oliver Ashford is no ordinary man," she answered. "I felt that the first moment 1 set eyes on him. For this reason if he had oared, I might. But what is the good of thinking or talking 1 Here we are, under his roof, cooped up in the same house with our deadliest foe, waiting to hear from minute to minute if the change has come- for better -for worse." "Why arc you not in Sir William's room ?" "His son is there. If the whole of Comp ton Hall were nut big enough to hold us two how should one room ?" "But Sir William may wake and want you. I bet my last dollar young- Oliver voukl not be the one to call you it he did. Assert your position ; keep on the top rail; don't be put down now whatever happens." John Morrow's words stirred Cristina. She had been seated languidly in a chair, crushed by the memory of her past rashness, cm; sumed by self-l.lami-. Now s'iik r»s^ biking fresh courage to face out an aa'kward situa tion. "All right," she said, moving to the door. Ontiptoeshccrepr, toSir William'sdarkened room and peeped in. Oliver was seated by the bed, watching the still figure under the covcrlet. He did not see Cristina till she suddenly appeared opposite him, like a ghost in the gloom. They staivc! uh e:ch othoi- it» ilv.id siktuv, then Oliver pointed to a, vacant oii.iir. Otis tina took it, and so they sat, \vs; I) only the ticking of the clock and Sir Willi.-uii'.s uneven breathing to break the painful stillness. Oliver next looked once on the. !.»dauty of Cristina's profile, he kept hu Byes fixed upon his father, noting each change and experien cing acute anxiety. Though well aware of Sir William's follies, he was fond of the old man who had driven him from his home. He remembered none of the haVsli words and bitter reproofs, and a >^feal tenderness filled his heart. Presently Sir William stirred and put up his hand to the bandages across his forehead. Then he opened his eyes with a little groan. Cristina bent forward, eager to catch his look and bring horaelf to his uiind before she saw his son. The old man smiled, and an '' expression of supreme joy passed over his face as he gazed upon Cristina. "Emily." he gapped, "Emily, I knew you would come b.iok. Tc was not for ever, Emily!" His fingers closed ov.r Cristina's cool hand he drew a deep sigh. "Why docs lie Vail me Emily?" she asked, in a whisper, lr-^siug at Oliver for information. "His mind is v.aLiieiing," replied his eon, with a set fa<;«. "tio thinks you are my mother," Ciistiai wino-d. She was an noyed at being {oigot'.en, jealous of the thoughts which wandered hack and put her in the shade. The desire of Cristina's life ?was to be first, a:id In : a phantom had edged her out, obj.it eraU-d her from Sir William's mind. "Dearest," the sick mail whispered, "they told me you were dead. Ah ! I knew it wasn't true. I wanted you-I never cared for those others-you were first always always-believe me ! And now you under stand-you forgive, Emily. Call me Willie once again. No one ever called me Willie but you. I laughed at the name, didn't I. It sounded so young ! Now I want to hear hear it from your own dear lips." He waited expectantly. Oliver hoped desperately she would not comply with the request; he could not bear that she should impersonate his dead mother. It seemed sacrilege ! Cristina guessed as much, and laying her soft cheek against Sir William's, murmured "Willie," in hei1 j low, musical voice. The poor maimed body quivered with tremulous joy. He stretched out his other hand to Oliver, recognising him suddenly. "And here is our boy, Emily. You are both beside me now, Emily "and Oliver. Somehow I fancied Oliver had gone away too ; though I cannot think why that should be. We threo together-you and I, dear, with the hoy-can be happy--so happy 1 " The words maddened Cristina. She couid no longer cntrol herself. Flinging her arms round Sir William with a°cry, she raised him till his lips touched hers- glad that Oliver should witness the embrace. "It is Cristina," she urged, forcing her individuality upon him, "Cristina- your future wife. Don't you remember me, Wil liam ? I was riding on Whirlwind ; don't you remember Cristina v " She stai ed inlo his eye.- willing him with all the power at her continr-ud. "Cristina !" she T,ns spying iti her mind. "Come back to the present ; of course you know Cris tina." And the woman's influence prevailed. She forced back (he wandering intellect-, rill gradually Sir William recollected her face. The recent facts returned, he seemed to awake suddenly as from a dream. "My own Cristina," he cried, using all his failing strength to bring out the name. "You are safe, dear, not hurt at all." She was wearing her riding habit still, ?which brought the scene vividly back to his mind. "Yes, I am safe, but, you are hurt, and in pain." "It is happiness to .suffer for you, adored one. Nothing matters if all is well with my beautiful Cristina ! " As he purred out the words, his eye fell upon Oliver. -- "What are you doing here, you young blackguard '" lie stammered, breathing hard. "How dare you come into my house ? Get out of it this instant ! Cristina, my love, he is not here with my sanction, I assure you. Oil, believe mo, I would not hive you annoyed for ten thousand worlds." Before Oliver had time to movo ?,wsys Sir William tuvi'ed with fist upraised as if to strike. He hit out wildly iuto the air, with a curse for Oliver on his vivid lips, then fuli back senseiess upon the pi!lows. A Strang and horrible sound c..me in his throat, an ' in a flash the man and woman beside him knew he would never speak again. CHAPTER XV. IN THE Enemy's Cami>. John Morrow and Cristina Leach had left the bungalow and returned to the Hall directly Sir William's eyes were closed for the last time. "It's been a bad piece of ' ,« i. , Morrow said; "but it r- " ft? after all, we've no' 7 V'lp «!. ' It would hav nothing, j .>< given us a wmiderfm lift in -<iosg bo iiav<» had you Lady Ashford; -< ytiUr engagement was public property, we've got in with all the swells round these parts on the strength of it. Sir Wil liam's money wasn't what we wanted, but his position atid this placc. I see a way of turning Compton Hall into a perfect little ; gold mine." They were seated in the Oak Room, I formerly inhabited by Lady Ashford. Cris tina h>d taken ^ great fancy to the room when first- she discovered ' liver there on the night of her arrival. After the quarrel she had decided to favor this apartment in the hope it might reach his ?cats, with the same kind intention that ii.ade her choose to lido his horse. She was seated in a low elixir, routing her eyes on the harmony of the sur roundings. No glaring colors offended her vision, yet the souibre impression produced by old Oak was relieved wifh masses of ferns and flowers, disposed artisti'oi'illy in every avail able spot giving an air of coolness. On one hand stood the grand piano, over which Lady Ashford''s fingers had n equently strayed ; a piano the outer case of which was a marvel of inlaid lr.ouior-of-pearl and ebony. Wher ever the eye rested it fell on somii gem. Standing out from among the ferns a bronze Hercules victoriously crushed his struggling bull, while hers and there a valuable piece Of Sevres showed that Lady Ashford was a judge of Chira. As John Morrow and Cristina lapsed into silence, the door was pushed noiselessly open. Someone surveyed them from the far i_-nd of the room. Mrs. Leach, with all her muscles relaxed, lying hack in an atti tude of abandon, looked almost appalling in ?her beauty, for it seemed to the man who had just entered as the beauty of an unholy simulacrum, rather than a being "ot God's creation. Oliver advanced. By what right had these intruders established themselves in his mother's room ? Did he not recollect clenrlj' telling Mrs. Leach it was an ftmltnient sacred to memory ? Cristiyia did hot rise upon seeing him; she only slm'tgged her shoulders and moved her supple limbs finder the intricate draperies of a Paiisiau toilette. Her gown seeiued to consist of some silken fabric of deepest black, while clusters of black lace here and there displayed gleaming jet ornaments. With her fair akin and golden hair she made p. picture to send an artist crazy. "You here ?" said John Morrow, drawing up his portly figure, and growing even redder in the face thsn Visual. " Ves,1' retorted Oliver, with chilling polite ness, "I am here. I have ret'.*,rived to take up my residence at tlra Hall. I hope, there fore, you. will oblige me by leaving at an early date. Pray excuse my seeming inhospitality, but you must know well that after wh it has happened it is impossible «?" "To stow the lot of Us under one roof," c; nMuded John Morrow, breaking in upon O ivor's sentence. "Quite so, young man, you're right there. But" (with an insolent toss of his chin) "don't it strike you we look pretty much like .being at home here 1 Nice eosy room tills, furn shed with taste. I've regularly cottoned on to this room. Oristina .\nd T don't feel inclined to s t anywhere else." "I really cannot follow the gist of your re marks I did not come here to ask your opinion of my room, but to find out how BoVii you can conveniently leav-." "Oh ? you'd turn ns our, ttould you ? Nice and free-handed for a new baronet You'll be a benefit to the neighborhood, you will! so much so that it seems quite hard 011 the gentry round to rvb theni -.<1 sur.h a fine speci ru.'jii. Libcv il c >:i.iSi j genUenien can be ill spared these times. Si ill there is one, let me tell you-John Morrow-who's got a full purse and plenty to spare. lie don't like to see his girl disappointed, and she took a fancy to this place from the first. So sup pose, young man, you should find the boot is on the other foot, and it's for me to say 'get out,'" "Mr. Morrow, this is carrying things a lietle t""?Hi'! I don't, know what you mean, .ti'.'i I C i.11 only euisekiuu you have been tirink iu*:. He looked to-vrtrd:; CHstina for some ex planation, out she made no sign, only ihe coiners of her mouth curved in a slight sneer, "Oh ? it's drinking I've Veen continued Morrow, keeping up hi? bantoriiig tone. "You'd 1 ke to llavfe it all your own way, I've 110 doiibr. Wouldn't it just suit your book to see me buudle straight off, bags and bag gage, without so much as looking up my trains 1 Well, it is this ways you hiive given mo notice to quit, and I'tfe snapped my fingers in your face, fine gentleman. The game's up for you, and it's just beginning for me. You've hated us, though before our eyes you tried to keep civil for the sake of ap pearances, till one day you took out to slander .my daughter behind her back, and spoil lier chances with Sir William. . But he knew bett£l'-bless him ; and since ho wished to make her his wife, though now. she can never be Lady Ash ford, at least we'll stick to the Hall. What's that you say I Comp toa Hall belongs to you 1 Bah ? It's no more yours than these clothes I am wearing. Do you mean to tell me your father neVot' talked to you of his ailairs ? Well, I always Voted him a curiosity. I suppose heuoltldh'b bring himself to open n painful subject; he feared you'd be so jolly riled to find the state that he was in. Oliver Ashford, I've heard always pays his debts ; but what about tho old 'un ? Well, if Sir William couldn't bring himself to give you the truth, he has left an uncommon pleasant task to John Morrow; It is without one scrap of coimjiiseratiWn fof you, \fho have ne\vr coriaidei-eu us, that I break the bombshell. Sir Willian's affairs being very much involved (for we hsd to talk j of brass when he got engaged to my girl), I came to a little arrangement with him. It now merely remains for me to tell you that I he,Id a mortgage on the property for more than the whole of tho place is worth. So you can put that in your pipe and smoke it. Mrs. Leach and myself, finding Compton Hall, and especially this toom, comfortable enough, decide to take up our abode here. You have no option but to accept the situa tion, and I give you one month fro:n to-day to turn out. As a matter of fact, it suits us to go to town to-morrow.-My daughter needs a change of nCen.e, for the .shock of Sir Wil liiiHi's death has affected her nerves. Not bub what she'll soon be bet-t"r; i'r isn't like losing a husband-, and she can get plenty nifiVc lovers." Oliver stood ns if stunned. He could hardly believe his ears ! His face went -.vhite as death, not from the mere loss of money, but for a desperate love of the old home, in which he had pictured Ethel reigning as queen. Cristina watched every change in lii.s ex pression. What self-command the irau had at his control, and with what spirit he was using it now ! Not once through John Mor row's peroration did he give that aentleman the satisfaction of seeing him lose his temper. She guessed all that he was suffering : .she knew with a woman's instinct that his thought had flown involuntarily to Ethel Thursby. He had probably stood over his dying father with such different ideas about the future, doubtless saving it was a? well Sir William should pass away before ho fell into Oristina's clutches, and that now these ob jectionable people would be out of the light, lie and Ethel might enter their ancestral hall unhampered by a care ! Instead-true to her name-Cristma Leach was sticking on, enjoying his mother's oak-pannelled sanctum -even the possessor of his mother's portrait, which seemed to look down with sorrowful eyes from its massive frame. Truly this was a moment of triumph. The f.iries must laugh with glee to see virtue foiled and vicc victorious. "You hardly believe what my father has t.old you,1' murmured Cristina, "but indeed it is true, for Mr. Morrow is not given to romancing. T really took a great fancy to Conipton Hall from the iirst ; and it is a little habit of mine to always get what* I wanr." She fancied as she spoke that rings of purple sadness became visible under his eyes. They had been there before from hard work and worry, but she failed to re mark t.hem until now. Surely his cheeks were more sunken than when he had iirst entered the room to question thein 011 the subject of departure. It w;;s a crisis in his life, and lie felt singularly alone. If it had not been for Ethel, he could have turned away to eat out his heart in seclusion, an exile from friends find society, a devotee to his beloved work. But with her life in his keeping he must brave the worst, and do nil in his power to win back the. hn'uo which f >r g";>er-itions p.TSthad sheltered only the Ashf:>rd name. "I must see my lawyers,'' ho said, in .1 \'iu'or joke for me if I had to eftt humble pie directly you looked Uito matters. You'll have to give up the whole show, .bungalow and all. We'll turn that into a biiou ?o61o gical gardens for monkeyi and bears. Cristiua has always had a fancy for a manager-re.'1 voice winch sounded strangely unlike his own. "Ah ! You want black and white vince you," laughed John Mrs. Leach expected to see Oliver flush with passion at the insult thus implied. She had heard Sir William say, "The boy thinks more of his den than the whole of Compton Hall pub together! " Her eyes followed him as the eyes of the monster followed Frankenstein. The arrows were coming thick aud fast to wound JvinV, .it was a moment of supremo joy for Cristina. Oliver snYileci, a cold, hard smile, which soniewhat marred his handsome face, then he answered, still retaining the reserved, pnlite voice he had used from the first. "Excuse me, in that at least you are mis taken. You may hold a mortgage on my father's property, but not"on mine. The bungalow, with its garden and pond, belongs to nie. I bought the ground, and it is therefore my property, uot n part of my father's estate. You cannot possibly turn me out." John Morrow's face changed to a dull purple. ? "Do you mean to say,' litS roared, "that you have tl\e figiit to stop on w.hen I've bought, as I thought, the whole blooming show ?. Its preposterous ! I can't have it! What id more, I should hardly tliink, under the circumstances, you would care to reside in my park'; for, inind, I'll not have you set foot on one square inch of my ground." "That will cortainly riot inconvenience me," answered Oliver, watching John Mor row's rising wrath with ever-increasing calm. "I have a gateway straight on the road. You need not fear I shall trespass." "But why the devil do you want to stay there, when I am generous anough to buy the extrr» land and house 1 Now look hero, I'll make you an offer straight away. I'll bike the lot " (To bo Continued in Next Saturday's Issue.) 