PlliWon/ /rnNiNMaiitiA. _ ptajSgy«feen sitting 'at,|the piStEl ntoss jlbr, several minutes, iSBbelaiaj With a sweet smile : , , " 'Ita'lraejQL-j'otL loblc'at'tne -in that -I fashion verypnebOisees you win begin to woriaer whatis the matter.' : 'Do 1'IodIc as though I loved you so deafly, manmiaP'jr- , J., . ygbiffiddiSmy dpar child.' 'Then l am glad,' I said. 'After all the lpngjreaty .years of yearning, how can I show my loye lor you enough v r> !r.r - '.: '3?erhaps-t'shaHrequire one great probf of your love, Maude. If so, 1 . tain sore yomhrill stand the test And now, my '.darling, as we have some Time before the Angelas 1 bell rings itnidday, (ell. me your story, all that you know and remember about your- . self. > « - -r I told at to her as. I have told it in these columns. 3 told her how X Was driven mad, and bow in my madness I ran away, vowing never ' in life to 'look upon them again. I - told her there was only%riI triatt in this world whom I should evgrlikq, and that was my cousin,' Galahad, even though he had wished-me dfead. There was no room in my heart for any other. ' You know, mamma,' I said, ' the love of the St. Neots is 1 fixed and fatal." _ - 'You should not have condemned bim unheard, Maude,' said my dear mo5»er.- ?' Vou>rould never have condemned him" at1 all," you are too good,' 1 answered . '.But beloved Lady Maud Trent There was no mistake in the world about that, mamma. I should think they are -married by now.' But my mother did not seem con vinced. . You should have spoken to him, Maude, my darling, before you left,' she said. ' I do not view his conduct quite in the same light that you do. I-think he loved you.' ' Oh, marabrall I cried, while my hearty blMtafcdWf face flushed, ' I cannot- think- so j»> it- is- impossible But now we have talkedlong enough of myself, inrimma ;; I am dying to hear your story from your own lips.' ' You know 'tndst of it, Maude. My fate has been a strange one, dear ; but 1 am 'sufe all has' been for the best. My life has been simply a romance of a black veil. « 'You had a happy childhood, mamma ' My .dear Maude, all that your father told you was true. He was a handsome man when be made love to me, Maude' — I thought of his face as 1 had seen it4ast; fixed in the terrible death-agony, and I shuddered — 'but it was not for that 1 admired him; it was for Jus. generous goodness to' the church arid , to my parents. Then, I think,' added my mother, with a most charming ir>f candour, I really was what ther woHd calls 5 in love with bim. But' he never told me that he was Esutl joI St.fJeots. ilad I known it, I would riot-have married him, for pink and title had no attractions for me. I think,1 Maude, she said, ' that I was- very happy for a few months. Ypur father, my., husband — oh, how stjange those.words seem to me now 1 — !-is dead, ind of-the .dead ,we must speak no evil. I will "say nothing of what'3 feltj Wbat iJ suBrered, when I found 'that Triad married the man known as'therepfobateearL' Nothing cqu eoriiperisate me for that. I wifipass pn to.the „ time when i breJdutdatdr.l'Wby the earl trriatecf me so -cruelly about you I have Beyer known ; but l think he was angry, jealous, Bectuse.I.Jiqved ,y6u; and did not love htm. I can 'think of no otber motive. f It was a cruel deed— perhaps the most cruSThe jevercommittea. "Now" thatT amoider and wiser, 1 cannot imagine why"T -believed ' him so - implicity. From his manner I ought : to have doubted bim ; but I never did. - I firmly believed you dead. . if Then.-rwhen I Began to get better, the eari's lawyer came.to see me. The jearirlient ifle w6rd'that"he was tired of my baby face and whining ways, and that be would give anything I asked V him if I would go away and never let \--- him see ine again. Well, it was a matterofindifferepce tome now that Iijievedgij|tjld was«gri(l.'_ 'At first I refused the money ; but Mr. Nojtpn, lrie.lawyer,was asensible man.- t-drise you to take it, he ; SMd.ilfltis left in the earl's hands, he will ohiy spend it in riOting and sin ; -while, If you take it, -think -what good you |?ay do with it ; you can devote ibto the service ofheaveri. ' ' t: the Amount offered and estal&shedThis; place.' — " BukmaraTOa.'jl , cried, . ' now. that you hmtc&rattft; you' will go "back : to theworld;ygu will .take -up your : raninn-snatit wiUwpupoljV/. j thdfildf \- later on, 'she jjraweredj-- -'.And, in the . meantime, keep our secret, Maude; , ? .i | yiHjtVrjm Vru -r ihSuglBtmore npble1 ibaraCter' eauriful'ttother- had ever ijber frankly that I 9 'copsidp it wopld Jiaye been better hatlriberemained with my father. It P wMfnfiUreatedBer, but \- irffiitaoi"'aTff# << nad she not left him, lmf|t jn tiiae-ha ve become gentler BS&eK;:xiii3-even have been a better W GheidpsSrtionlfjfiny father was the ayjffiafter foFywhlfch X could blame 8E?!wSlate3 motoeK- -f could not tell iwitfi me or not. Keh%9$ibbS>SiuSked wist- 1 BraiyaS mevlr nr, si -H .iff'. ; Rajs X ' i ' " it would have been belter tor you, Maude, perhaps, if I had remained with the ear!, she said. ' One morning she pointed to the old weather-beaten cross, wijh itsclinging ivy ahdarlel p&siun; flowers. 4- ; 'Maude she said, do you know why I value that old stone cross sol highly?' - No,' I answered. ' I brought it from Sedgebtook ' she said. ' It stood in the old churchyard there, and I purchased it. I brought it away with me for love of the dear old place, and keep it here always in sight. "I cannot tell you how Ilove it When I was quite a little child, I used, to sit at the foot and weave, daisy-chains ;' and my heart told me that her soul was as pure now as it had been in those days. One morning I went to her rcom to see if she had five minutes' leisure. My heart was full of something I wanted to discuss with her. How her face brightened when she saw me 1 Mamma, I want to speak to you very, seriously, I said. ' Can you spare five minutes ?' ' Fifty for you, my dear,' she said, ' If you want them.' 1 sat down on a stool at her feet, and looked up to her with entreating eyes.. - 'Mamma,' I asked, 'has finding me made any difference with respect to what you call your vocation ?' She looked just a little troubled, and then answered : 'No, I think not, Maude?' ' I want you to make a sacrifice for me, mamma,' I said. ' I told you the story of my will. For your sake, so great is the love I bear you, I will revoke it, and the money shall be invested for you and for me. You shall take your proper position in the world, you shall be treated as the Countess of St. Neots deserves to be treated, and we will live together in some happy home, if you will say the word. Was it a temptation ? I shall never know. She was silent for some little time, her hand resting carelessly on my head. ' Do you remember, Maude, what is said of those who put their hands to the plough and then turn back ?' she said then. ' I must not be one of those. Ah, no, my dear and generous daughter 1 This is my iife's work ; I must remain here.' « I must say good-bye to my dream ?' I asked. ' Yes, dear child. And now, Maude, let us talk of you. Are you very happy here ?' Yes, I am very happy,' I replied. She looked at me wistfully. ' Have you ever thought, dear, that you would like to be a sister ?' she asked. ' No, mamma, darling ; I should like to live here all my life with you, but I do not feel that I have a vocation.' ' But there is the future. We must think about your future — ' She stopped abruptly, for Sister Catherine, the portress, stood at the door. ' Mother Etheldreda,' she said, ' there is a gentleman here asking for you.' Mother Etheldreda, taking a card from her hand, read aloud — ' The Earl of St. Neots.' In silence she looked at me ; but I had no word to say. My mother's face grew deathly pale. ' Does the gentleman ask for me, Sister Catherine f ' He asked to see the reverend mother, she replied. ' Say that I will be with him in a few minutes, sister.' And then we were alone. ' Maude,' cried my mother, ' is it you, or is it myself, whom ' be has sought and found ?' ' How can I say, mamma?' I replied, bewildered. -'The Earl of St. Neots,' she again read. % ' It is like a dream, Maude ; I -cannot- believe my eyes. If he has traced .you, how has he managed it? .If myself, the mystery is even much -greater.' . ' t could not recollect my thoughts ; my brain was in a whirl. 'The Earl of St.- Neots 1' repealed my mother for the third time. ' Ob, Maude, what are we to do ?' . 'With my senses reeling, my mind was-a blank, how could I advise ?' 'Mamma,' I cried, in desperation, 'do not betray me ; do not tell him I am here.' My dearest Maude,' she said, in a gentle voice, ' I faithfully promise you one thing. I will do what is best for you— trust me implicity. You will wait here for me, my dear, she added. I shall not be long.' And then she went away. I felt that if I remained in the room I should be stifled ; and, going out into the garden, I clasped the old weather-beaten cross, with a sensation that without some support I should fall to the ground. CHAPTER XXIII. T -cannot tell how long I had knelt by the weather-beaten cross in the convent garden when I heard a light footstep on the grass. ' Maude,' -whispered my mother, ' look up, dear child. It is true ; he is here And, my darling, it is you he has traced — you, not me. He does not know me ; and he implores you to see him.' ' Never again,' I said — ' never again. Did he not wish me dead? Oh, mamma, how did he find me? I thought I was quite safe here, bidden witbyou.' 'Maude,' she said, 'the circum stances are so extraordinary that I must believe the'm to be providential. He foundyou,as I found you, through that money. It appears that the fifty- pound note I paid to Mrs. Phillips had his name and your initials on it She | paid it. away to a Mr. Benson, a tea- broker in the city, and from his hands it passed into none other than those of Mr. Norton, who, seeing the earl's name on it, made inquiries, and found that It came from this very convent Naturally Be, wenf straight to the earl ; rind, without-a moments delay, my dearest Maude, Lord St' Neots hastened hither'; and he has the note with him. He has a note-Book, one he showed me where he entered all the notes that he paid you, with their numbers, when he changed a cheque for you ; he remembers every detail. Oh, Maude, how he loves you 1' 'Loves me, mamma!' 3 cried, in dignantly, when he wished me dead 1 He is going to marry Lady Maud Trent- How can I love him?' ' I told you from the first that per haps you had misjudged him,' said my mother, gravely, ' and now I am quite sure of it. 1 do not believe that he ever said so cruel a thing of you, indeed of anyone, in his life. As for marrying Lady Maud Trent, if ever a man loved with his whole heart, he so loves you.' 'He does not, he cannot; he wished me dead, and I will never forgive him. Mamma, pray manage it for me. Tell him that it is true I am here, and that I wish to remain here all my life, that 1 th'aiik him for calling, but that I would rather not see him. Oh, mamma, do this for me !' She bent down and kissed me. 'I will do just what you ask, my darling.' She went away, and my head drooped again, but now my brain was clear — I could think. Ah, well, now- all was at an end ! Of course, be would be disgusted when he received my message — would go away, and never seek to see me again. Well, let him go and marry bis love. I heard the sound of a door open ing and closing. He was gone, gone for ever, and my mother, of course, was coming back to me. Then a hand gently touched mine, but surely that was not the light touch of my mother's soft, slender hand 1 This was warm and strong, and a voice, that was like no other voice on earth to me, murmured softly : ' Maude, why did you leave ?' He was there, and my heart went out to him with a great passionate cry. But I had left him, and I never meant to look upon him in this world again. Having buried my love, was I now to be bi ought face to face with its ghost?' ' Maude will you neither look at me nor speak to me ? asked the earnest voice. ' I cannot !' I cried. ' Ob, mother, have you betrayed me ?' Then my mother's loving hands stole round me. She drew me aside into the cloisters, motioning to Galahad to follow. ' Maude, darling, listen to me,' said my mother. ' You were mistaken, he never said those cruel words. It was you be loved all along — you, and no one else.' ' It is true, Maude. Look up, my darling,' Galahad pleaded. When at last my courage came back to me, and I looked up, my mother was gone, and my handsome young lover stood there alone. ' Maude, my darling,' he whispered, 'how could you leave me! How could you believe all those foolish cruel words ? You must have seen that I loved you with all my heart.' ' You loved Lady Maud Trent,' I said, my face still hidden. ' They all said so. Your mother wished her to be your wife." 'But,' he interrupted, 'in marrying I intend to please myself — not my mother. Oh, Maude, do not punish roe for the sins of others ! Let me gaze at those beautiful eyes of yours — they have haunted me from the first moment I saw them. Do you remem ber, dear, when I found you under the cedar-tree crying as though your heart would break ? Look at me, love 1 You were kinder to me then. The pain and the fire of jealousy were dying away, the music ol the voice 'I loved was beginning to in fluence me. I raised my face and looked at him. How fair he was — eyes lit up with love, his handsome face eager and anxious I That look into my love's eyes sealed my fate. ' You were so cool to me,' I said. ' After Lady Maud Trent came you had no eyes, no ears, for anyone but her.' 'Pardon me Maude, that is not true. Lady Maud Trent was a very old friend, so there could never be any question at all of my failing in love with her. I should as soon have thought of falling in love with one of my own sisters. Could you not see that ? With her I was quite at my ease, while I was just a little afraid of you.' To Be Concluded. 