A Memorable Scene. Tiik farcwelling of the Australian Contingent, at Fleniington last Sunday, was a unique scene. One officer who lias broken the record for engage ments of marriage, strolled about with his men-friends, and cynically expressed his pleasure that there were no petticoats haunting him. The gay Lothario had left the rosy past of many love-affairs far behind him. Evidently no ghosts of a long lost love loomed up to fret him*. Happy fellow ! Lieut. Conway Mason was the centre of a family circle, in which the Speaker strolled, emitting clouds of cigar-smoke and sophistries alternately. Mis Mason put by her grief, and baBked in the comfort of a long day with her son. It was a scene of wild disorder and extreme joy. The men owning sons or brothers in the regiment chummed up together, and. settled the wav problems, and other vexed questions of the hour, while girls swarmed round the dear one. And I must say the girls were given the best of it. Any one with a little love-light in her eye was privileged to monopolize the hero, while parents and brothers mooned round, and dared not break in on the tete-a-tete. I saw one woman sitting by a camp bed-a straw-spread and a blanket in one of the sheds. An officer told me her son was off with some girls, having his last fling. And the mother sat and watched, and pondered sadly, beside the precious bundle of straw, while her boy had his fun. That is human nature all over. On Sunday night the place was alive, with a singing, laughing, hoarse crowd-all pretty well played out. The visitors took their departure at 10 o'clock, and the troops gladly ' turned in.' Monday was such another day. Crowds went over in the evening, to take a last farewell of the boys. And what one collided into at every turn were the cotiples-orderlies and their sweethearts-arm in arm, sometimes arms round each other's necks, ail very solemn and serious. A lantern-llash revealed many such linked pairs. They were not ashamed. They blinked their eyes in the sudden light, and stolidly mooned on. Hunting-songs, and snatches of Music-Hail refrains, burst out, -were oaught up on nil sides, and swelled to a mighty chorus. Then the sounds died away, and one could distinguish the various noises. An orderly roared the name of " Corporal White," and round and round the cry went till the Corporal pre sented himself at the telegraph oflioe to receive a message. In the stables, the horses neighed, pawed the floor of their stalls, and pricked their ears when the bugler sounded a call, or any other familiar sound reached them. Some boisterous spirits cuffed each other and played all sorts of wild pranks. The Speaker -one of the most familiar figures at camp-meandered round, and saw all that was going on. Mrs. Mason and her family were gathered round a table in the tea-room, having a long last chat with Lieut. Mason and several of the officers. Lieut.-Colonel Kelly was in another part of the grounds with his sisters, though telephone messages called him frequently from their company. Each officer was supposed to have twenty-four sisters, and their fraternal affection was something to marvel at. They were model brothers. After nine o'clock the crowd began to disperse, and the partings at the gate were tragio. One heard a kiss, and then a sob, and after that someone in khaki beating a shame-laced retreat. He had been probably close on tears. The scene repeated itself. The boisterous sounds of song and laughter died away, and partings sobered, sacldoned and upset the most rigid or manly hearts. " God bless you !" How many sobbing hearts closed the scene with that prayer! Mothers broken-hearted, sisters incon solable, sweethearts despairing, and fathers dejected, parted with the same fervent adjuration-" God bless you 1" 