IN A LIGHTER VEIN. Bhe : '' And what wnu'd yGu be now if it weren't for my money !' He: 'A baclie lor.' Waiter: ' These are the fourp nny cigars: sir, and these are the sixpenny.' Al,'- - ?'whai'sthe difference ?'' Waiter: ? Two pence, Eir.' Miss Hasbeen : 'I'm very tired after the dance last Eight,' Little Ethel : ?' Yen you must be. bister eaya you held the wall up the whole evening.' Mr A. : ' You need not mind Towser His bark is worse than hie bite.' Mr B. (who has just been bitten): 'Good gracious ! 1 hope he won't bark.' Employer : ' Ho you want 3 fortnight's salary in advance ? But BuppoEe you should dis to-night?' Clerk (proudly): 'Sir, I may be poor, but I am a gentle man.' Mrs Bpendall — 'You look worried. Is it because you are so deeply in debt7' Mr Bpendall (gloomily) — ' No ; it's becanse ] can't get any deaper.' 'Why did you never marry, Tom ?''Well, you see, old man, when I was quite young I resolved I wonld never marry until I found an ideal woman. After many years I did find her.' 'Well; then?' 'Bhe was looking for an ideal man.' Brown : ' But why do you Btop bo often 1 Can't you keep up with me ?' Typewriter (who iB rather shaky in her orthography) : '?Oh, yes; but your language is bo elo quent that I frequently find nmelf epell bonnd.' Oritic : ' That villain in your story is a perfect masterpiece. Where did you get the character?' Novelist : 'I imagined a man possessed of all the forma of wickedness which my wife attributes to me when ahe is angry.' ' How do you like your new cook 1' 'Oh bo, so. She is very dirty. She haB no idea of cooking, and she smashes everything round her ; but still, she has one good and Tare quality.' 'What is that 1' 'Bhe stays with ub.' Tramp: ' It'a needless to ask you the question, madame. You know what I want.' Landlady : ' Yes, I know what yot want badly, but I've only got one bar of soap in the house and the servant is using it Come again some other time.' Judge : ' Have you anything to say for youreelf, prisoner ?' Prisoner (chargedwith embezzlement) : ' I took the money to pay for my lodgings.' Judge: 'Very good, it will pay for both your board andlodgings for the next twelve months.' The Friend : ' You must take plenty of exercise, or one of these days you will break up suddenly.' The Ailing One : 'But I can't promenade about aimlessly — I can't do it.' '? Well, suppose you lend me about £10 and take it upon yourself to collect it.' Old Gentleman : 'There is something wrou g with that Blot machine in there. It claimsd to tell yonr correct age, I am over 70 and it made me ont 35.' Hotel porter:' That mashine ia for ludiea only. Yon will find more truthful one in the biUiarJ-room, sir.' Mother-'I gave each of you boysan orange . Charlie, yon said you wouldn't eat yours until after dinner. And you, Jack, said the same. H.ve you deceived me 1' Charlie ? ' No, mother ; we didn't eat our own oranges. I ate Jack's and be ate mine.' judge— ' Would you know the coat again which the prisoner is alleged to have stolen ?' Witness— 'Most certainly.' .Prisoner ? 'There, youstB, gentlemea, that you cannot believe a word this witness eaya, for I am wearing thiB same coat this minute.' Wife: 'Do yon think Tommy disturbs our neighbour with his drum 1' Huiband : ' I'm afraid so ; the man next door made him a present of a nice new knifa ti-day, and'saggested that Tommy should cut open the drum and spend ' the money inside.'' ' What, singing bo early in the morning !' exclaimed the boarding houi» landlady as she encountered 'Mr Warbles ia tha hs.ll. Don't you know it's unlucky to sing beEore breakfast?' 'Perhaps it is,' replied Mr W., ' but somehow I never feel like singing after breakfast.' Master: 'What made yon so late this morning?' Pupil (in thi East Knd school): 'Please sir, th;y arrested a burglar in the West Fnd last night, and mother Bent me to the police-station to see if it was father, 'gob he hadn't come homa to breakfast,' Firat Eequimo:' Hurry up. ThBra eo«b another of those North Pole expeditions. Let's go and beg a few candles.' 8econd Esquimo: 'No nse. It's gone by. But get your cap and we'll go out and get something from the relief expeditions as thBy go by after it.' A farmer in Kent last summer placed thB folio wing notice in one of his fields : Notis : If any man's or woman's cow gets into these here otea, its tail will be cutted off sb the case may be.' The Good Old Rule, J.he Simple Plan.— She : ' It'a too provoking I We've only just had the drains pat right, and now the servants are all complaining that the house is haunted !' He : ' I'm Bnre I'm very sorry ; but I don't Bee what I can do.' She : ' Why, of course, you must have a man down from London who understands about ghosts.' Lady : ' Yes, hope and charity is right. But what is the first thing we all need to make us happy ?' Small Girl : ' 'Dsbandfl, miss.' An Irishman, with a heavy bundle on his shoulder, was riding on a street car platform. He refused to put it down, Baying, ' The horses have enough to do to drag me ; I'll carry the bundle.' ' Tom, you a^ked ma to bB jour wife — to give you my hBart, my all. Think well of what you say, and then tell me if you will grant me one fovor.' ' Anything you ask, my love.' ' Then promise me that you will never smoke another cigar as long as you live.' 'I promise, dear1' 'And docan't it coat yon a pang ?' ' Not a pang. I'd rather smoke a pipe any day.' 