I PLAIN GOSPEL FOR PLAIN PEOPLE. I By an. Late C H Spurgeon i The v as of salt allow is plain and simple. I think we might have expected this, if we coiishIm the nature of God, who has made this wonderful revelation. When God speaks to a man in the a a loss to his salvation, It is but natural that in His was dom He should so spot in iii to be under stood I thank God with all my heart that the huge Is Here put on a level with the child, for the Gospel must be received by him as a little child receives it. If the grace of God be given to the least educated person by yonder village, he was well able to receive the gospel as the most profound scholar In the university Would any of you wish to have it otherwise I Could you be so inhuman? Must tim Gospel also be enclosed for an aristocracy ? Mut the cultured also be gratified at the expense of the ruin of the masses? God forbid ' Our working men and a Gospel we here can be heard and thought upon while they gain their daily bread It should be clean is the sun, and simple as the A BC, that the) army see it, and then hold it in their memories Give me a Gospel which can be written in a line of a boy's copy book, 01 worked on a go his samples -a Gospel which the humblest cottage may turn, and love and live upon. the Word has come very near to us. I want your earnest attention to this point 'to us all the Gospel has come very near, to the inhabitants, of those favoured isles It is emphatically so "The Word is very nigh unto thee, in the mouth " It is a thin 6 inch you can speak of, you have talked about it, you still j talk of it. It is familiar in your mouths as household words Most of you mc able to speak of it to others, for you learned it in your catechisms, you repeated it to your Sunday school teachers You see it in your hymns, you read it in books, and tracts, and pamphlets, and you write it in letters to your friends That whosoever believes in the Lord Jesus Christ shall he stay ed, is not a dark sal big Salvation by grace through faith is a doctrine as plain at the nose on your face. That Jesus Christ gave Himself to die in the room and stead of men, that losses cr believeth in Him might not perish, but have c everlast mc life, is a thing to be understood by the least educated under heaven. Moreover, the doctrines of the Gospel are such that our inward nature bears witness to the truth of them. When we preach that men are sinners, your conscience says, " That is true." When we declare that there is salvation by sacrifice, your understanding agrees that this is a gracious mode by which God is just, and the Justifier of him that believeth. Even If you are not saved by it,, you cannot help feeling that it is a system worthy of God, that He should save; through the Kilt of His only begotten Son as a sacrifice for sin. If you believe it, this Gospel will appear so plainly true that every part of your nature will attest it. Many of us have accepted this way of salvation ; now we love it and delight in it, and to us It seems the most simple, and at the same time the most sublime, system that could be conceived of Our heart drinks It in as Gideon's fleece drank in the dew. Our souls live on it, and in it, as the fish lives in the sea. We rejoice in the Gospel as the flowers smile in the sun. I How glad we are that we have not a Gospel wrapped up. In hieroglyphics, or entombed in cold metaphysics! It has entered our hearts, It dwells within us, and has become our bosom's Lord. There are no difficulties and obscurities about the Gospel except such as we ourselves create, what we think to be Its darkness is really our blindness. If thou dost not believe the Gospel, why is it that thou dost not believe it? It is supported by the best of evidence, and It is In itself evidently true. The reason for thine unbelief lies Early In the natural tendency of the man heart towards legalism. Human nature cannot believe in free grace. It is accustomed to buying and selling, and therefore it must bring a price in its hand to have everything for nothing seems out of the question. The notion of a wage to be earned is natural enough; but that eternal life is the gift of God is not so readily perceived; yet be It is. I have heard that a missionary trying to make an Oriental understand salvation by grace, set it out in many ways to him and failed, until at last he cried, "Salvation, is a backsheesh of the Almighty." Then the Eastern caught the idea. Eternal life is the free gift of God, which he bestows on men not because of anything in them, or anything that they have done, or felt or promised, but because of His own infinite bounty, and the delight which He has in showing mercy. You cannot get the idea of grace into a natural man's head; it requires a Divine surgical operation to open a way for this truth into our mercenary minds; nay, it requires that we be made anew before we will see it. That God freely forgives, and that He loves men solely and only because He Is love, is a thought Divinely simple, but our selfish fire j offices refuse to accept it. In many instances It is pride that makes the Gospel appear so difficult. You cannot think that Jesus saves you, and that all you have to do is to accept His finished salvation. Like Naaman, you would prefer to do some great thing. You want to be something, do you not Human nature graves to have a little hand in salvation-to feel something, to groan a certain time, or despair to a certain length ; but when the Gospel comes with the one message, believe and live." pride will not consent to be saved on such pauperising terms. Yet so it is. Accept it, and you have it stretch out your hand and take what God most freely gives The Gospel itself is plain enough to a heart humbled by grace. When the scales of pride are removed from the eyes, we see well enough. Alas for the unbelief which grows out of this pride, and out of our natural enmity against God I Man will believe anybody but his God. Any lie in the newspaper Les legs with which to run round the world ; but a grand truth that leaps from the lips of Jehovah Himself is made to limp in the presence of ungodly men. On regenerate men cannot and will not believe their God. This is also caused by love of sin. Those who do not wish to give up their favourite sins pretend the Gospel is very difficult to understand, or quite impossible to accept, and so they excuse themselves for going on in their iniquity. There are two things to be done. First, that thou believe in the Lord Jesus Christ as thy Saviour. Take him to be thy sacrifice ; trust Him wholly and alone from this time forth as thy Ransom from sin. Take Him to be thy Lord as well as thy Saviour ; yield myself up to Him as thy Prophet, Priest, and King. Let Jesus be thine all In till, and be thou wholly His. The second thing is that thou confess thy Lord with thy mouth. Avow thyself to be a believer in Jesus, and a follower of Him. Do this in His own way; for He hath said, "He that believeth, and is baptised, shall be saved." But let thy confession be sincere. Confess that thou art His folio was because thou art Indeed so. "'But," saith one, "I thought that there was a certain experience." Indeed there is an experience ; but all true experience ends in this, in leading the heart to accept Christ as its Saviour. "But I thought," says another, "that you would dwell at length upon the work of the Holy Spirit." Yes, but the chief work of the Holy Spirit is to strip you of yourself and bring you to receive the simple Word of God. " Well," salth one, "I grant you that it is simple ; I think it is even too simple. I know it I know it. And because it is so simple, therefore you kick against. What folly 1 Hence you need the Holy Ghost to bring you to accept it. Sometimes you quarrel because it is too hard, and next because it is too easy. This shows how hard and stubborn a thing is the will of man. To lead thee to take Christ to be thy Saviour needs a' miracle of grace I Let Him save thee,- that is all but this is too much for our proud self . confidence. Oh, strange resistance, prov- ing the deep depravity of man's nature, that he will not yield even to this I Again I say, the difficulty is not in the Gospel, but in the man, whose evil heart will not receive the choicest gift of heaven. If thou art willing to have. Christ, Christ is thine. The fact that they are willing to receive him proves that' He has come to thee. Believe that He feminine, and be at peace. If thou willnowbbw before the Christ of God, and take Him henceforth to be thy Saviour, thou art saved.'' The simple act of trusting Jesus has brought thy justification and thine open confession of Him in His own appointed way shall bring thee a fuller realisation of salvation. By coming, out on the Lord's side thou shaft gather strength to overcome the sins which now beset thee, and thou shall be helped to work out thine own salvation with fear and trembling, because God is working in thee to will and to do of His own good pleasure. The whole Gospel lies In this-there was One in heaven at the right hand of the Father, very God of very God, and in order to save thee, poor lost and ruined sinner, This adorable Son of God came down, down, down, to the manger, to the cross, to the grave, to the lowest parts of the earth and down in grief, in rejection, in agony, in death. Because he came under the weight and curse of sin, He came down Indeed ! Because Jesus, has 1 come down thus, and borne the punishment of sin in that believes in Him in justified. By that coming down of the Lord from heaven the sinner's sin is pin, away, and the' transgression of the believer is forgiven, believers thou this? BeiicvpKl thou that Jesus bore thy sins in His own body on the tree? Wilt thou 1 trust to that fact ! Thou art saved. I 