Murder Will Out. BY EDGAR PICKERING. I '(Author of "A Stout English Bowman," I . &c-;) (COPYRIGHT.) CHAPTER XVI. ' IVith tlio blood flowing quickly from his gashed aim, Dick hung above 'the dread abyss, clinging .to the branch which he had seized and knowing. that at any moment it might break. Above him soared an, eagle circling in the yellow sky, now and again sweeping past tne lace or tne precipice, nearer each time. How long he had held on in that awful position lie could not have told, for all his faculties centred on that dragging branch. ;; . When that gave tray, the end of all his' troubles and sorrows would come, and lie began wondering what the drop into space. would be like. Then a cry from above made him bend his bead to get ii glance upward, and Teresa was seen on the edge of thejiatli. How Dick regained a place of safety he could never say 'exactly, bu t he did so after a struggle that seemed to last for hourst and yet was over in'a minute. Teresa-had stretched over the yerge of the prceipice, and lie had clutched her extended arm, and in some fashion scrambled to the path, where he staggered to the rock on the other side, seeing Teresa mistily. It was she who had saved his life; Slid who had witnessed his encounter with Ftfbiano Arriglii, who, as the Englishman fell, had disappeared. "By jove! You're a plucky girl," he said, recovering himself. "I'll thank you pce- /sently. Get that case out of my pocket. (The one I used yesterday. I must stop J this confounded bleeding somehow." j . With a quick perception of the . emer- ' geney, Teresa took out the case of instru ments and dressings from Mortimer's pocket and opened it. ... ' "It's" a nuisance that it's my right arm," growled Dick. "Uncork that little bottle," and he pointed to one that held a restora tive. Then he bid her pull off his coat and rip his shirt sleeve, exposing the deep gash, from which 'the blood welled' more slowly now, and he looked grimly at it.. "I can help you," said Teresa quietly, as she hound her handkerchief round the wound. "Tell me what to do." "You're a pluckier woman thorn I've met in Corsica yet," be answered. "No. The handkerchief won't stop the bleedjng. Get a stone, put it on my arm — 'there — now tie the handkerchief so ittoat it presses the stone," and hc followed his instructions deftly, the flow of blood ceasing as the pres sure came on the brachial artery. He had been too occupied, too greatly concerned by the events of the past quarter of an hour, to give much heed to his pre server, but as sHie tied the knot in the hand kerchief, holding one end of it between her white 'teeth, ito get ft firmer grip on the stone, Alorti'merccast an admiring glance in'to her face, aio'ti-og its clear beauty and purity. There was a..sudden gush of deep gratitude in bis heart that words could have but ill expressed, and the keen appreciation that only a brave true nature can feel for bravery in others. And there in the glar- iiig aiinshme, amid the eternal quiet of the . mountains, Teresa, and be'stood alone as far away from the world practically as the circling eagle that Iliad just sailed majesti- cally to its eerie,' she waiting for whatever he might need -of help from her. ,. "Got; out a needle and some, silk," he said, "and I'll makeshift to put ii stitch Iii1 \- this cut that Air. Arriglii 'has given me,"-. "But you cannot'use your left hand," re' plied Teresa, as she threaded a needle. "Ret pie do that." „ w . "It wdl ivant'a dittle courage. - YouVe never sewn flesh" ' "I have the. courage," she answered, dlio.iv- ing her white , tqyjlh again. "And I under stand." jia-;'- . . : ' "Very well, 'don't go too deep- — two 6titchcs will;.mi|Rc?,f a'nd he held otiit liis' arm, .Teresa., never! wincing from her task, nnd m a moment, pr two she had drawn the .edges of the ugly "Wound together, after wards dressing hit as Mortimer direoted her. 1 v' . i ; . "I shall never iprget this day," he said: When the opera mom was over! "I don' t ex actly know what;iiame to call you, Teresa, but you're the kjnd of woman that heroines are made of,".j.aaid at this die laughed gently. "I feared for your safety, and followed you. habiano ia rt /Coward, and fled when I called out." She had .Mkeii Mile handkerohicf which: covered her glossy; hair, makiiig a sling, ito which Dick resteduhis wounded arm. ! "To say that Iiuv. very, very grateful, Tc-1 rosn," he said, "iqqj)'.t express half my feel- jng. You ve save'd 'from h 'horrible death,- and have done mcTt service that not many women would Jiiffc' had nerve to do. Youj Shan't find that1 Tf forget, but I'd best be getting down intO't'he 'town now. Follow ftlie directions I've given you about Ccsario, and IT come up here to- morrow. He will recover, I promise you that. And I must find out Some way by wliich I can repay you for your courage an'd kindness." . "It is sufficient that you are alive," un- swered Teresa, lotting her gentle' eyes rest their glance on his face for an instant. Then without another wordl she turned away, go ing up to the hut, and lie slowly down the path 'into Bastia. He to'a'd meant going up to 'the goat herd's hut next day, but his wound was too pain- tul to allow of his doing so. A burning fever consumed him, and although "he tried to 'rise from 'his bed the attempt failed. He lay parching with thirst, vartingfor the ar rival of the woman servant to her usual duties, bat there was a' religious festival going on, and she had failed to put in any appearance. He was only able to stagger in'to the sittingroom and get some lemonade, after w'liich the hours went past in a con fused way, and towards night he became de lirious. He had had an indefinite idea of preparing some remedies for himself, but it was impossible to collect his 'thoughts suf ficiently, and he lay tossing until a ghost ridden sleep came, in which' he was strug gling on the mountain path again, watch ing a circling eagle with a mute.hoirror that he could. notes cape. Through the hot night he lay, until the dawn was. creeping into the room, making familiar objects take stranger shapes and meaning, and presently all- sense of time or place went from him. '''Dick opened his eyes with a consciousness that soncone was in the room; .-There was a delicious cool feeling on his forehead, and a-fan was waving the >ir over tois face. He was- sensible now, and looking up he saw. -Teresa, who was by the side of the bed. ...... ' '.'By Jove!" lie said softly, "I-.wonder how long tins sort of thing -has been going on:" Then aloud, "Teresa.?? . v.,; ,',. " - "Yes, I am -here." .r . .. . . r "If you'll kindly explain/' said .Dick, "I've an idea that I've been ill." y.„ ; . .. "Yes. You have been: lying ill for two days. Longer than that; for it is-the after- -noon of the third day since; you .visited Ccsario." "I wonkier where I've been to all that time? My spirit, I mean. Now tell me what's happened." "You did not return; and I; feared that you were 'jiV' continued Teresa.. .. ''Cesario was better, and a -Sister of Mercy bad come to- the hut to nurse to'im. :Then- 1 resolved bo go to your house. You did not know me, and you were alone." : . "And you've been nursing me!": ex claimed Dick. "Teresa, I shall- never be able to show all the gratitude I feel."-. .. . "And now you are well again," she an swered, "I must leave you." -v; "I'm still very ill," 'he replied: "I haven't an ounce of strength to move. - Fevers pull a fellow down awfully. And I'm. thirstier than I ever .was inmy life before.'?, : TereBa smiled: , "Paulina, has. -returned. She will nurse you now." "Oh, hang - Paulina!" lie cried. . "She hasn't an idea of nursing, and drops all sorts -of tilings in my food -when . I'm -well. -Heaven knows whut she Wall do mow I'm ill."- " ' "But I will inquire ©very day of Paulina ;after you.-- 1 am needed-no longer.?'. - "A good soraulina is," grumbled Dick. "She carcs-'w more aibout me than if. I were that tree out -therei. Andras to dress ing. -my arm, she hasn't -the nerve-of a cat." "You can dress your krnru youiself now," replied Teresa smiling again;--:-. ... "That means that you've .been: attending -to it. I can't say -more thaw/Thank you/ but if you -could only knowmill that my 'Thank you' means, Teresa. -Have I been -rambling in any. talk, whilst: the fever -was on me?" s "Yes. Youmt- tered many - names. .One much oflener than the others." "What was it?" -v "I did. not heed," and a shadow? crossed her face. : "Don't you ever believe a word- anyone says When 'tihcy are delirious, Teresa/' he answered, after a HUtlc pause. "It's usually rioolsing more 'than gabbling nonsense. Still -I: slioqld like ito know Ibliat 'name.'? r, "-I.iUlunk," and Teresa spoke very softly, -her eyes downcast, "that it was a womnp's name. And that you loved her." -"Madge," Dick whispered the name to himself, but Teresa heard it, q-nd- itlhere was a longer pause than before, cowled by her moving to itflie door. "I hope you will be noil again soon," she said, in a bunder .tone tlian she hail spoken in yet. "-There tmuy be someone who would grieve after joti," and. then Bhcsummoned the servanlt Paulina, whose face, like a shrivelled olive, made doubly . pleasant -hlie 'memory of Teresa's, as Dick lay helpless on Ms .lraixl bed. !V'Tt was a good week before he iraa able to gfit- about, and his first act was to buy the prettiest .trinket in Badbia. Teresa had told' hiim .the name of -the street Where she lived 'with the fisherman. Nasone and' his wife, and 'thither Dick made his way,' purchasing a bouquet as he wenlt. 'Phis and the 'trin ket wore for Teresa, whom he found busily employed at her -lace work, whilst the fisherman's wife hustled about the room. There was a f-rouhled -look in Teresa's eyes, ire noticed, and her greeting was colder than 'lie Iliad expected. Cesario was much bettor, Alie itold h-iin, and ithoii 'she glanced at Diok's ai'in still in a sling. "j'N-a.rrly well, Teres.1," he said. ' "You'd make an exccllont doctor. See/IVe brought yiqu J10111' fee/' «-nd h» held ohi/tihe' pretty presenit he had breuglut fov her/, iilt sight of which she drew hack. "No!" slie excloiined. "I need no paying, Signer. I -will not itnkc this." "As a memento, " ho answered. "I tavo itiiat already," she slid. "One tli'.ut none can ever take from me," and he urged her aio more. "But I will 'have itlli'ese flowers," continued Teresa. "See, are ibhey mot beautiful, Merc Seivphino?" die cried, turning ibo the house wife, who 3-i iid "Alagnifiquel". and Jield up Jier brown hands in udmlinltion. "Fabiano has been in/ Bastia again," Teresa sard.quiefcly, '-'There is only one way by ;v hi oil I can. escape .him, I must leave Corsica;" "Don't do. anything rashly," answered Dic'k. "There may come a chance for me to help you presently, Teresa," but she did not reply. CHAPTER XVII. Too greatly astonished to speak, Madge stood gazing at Jarvis Dorman for a few moments, as he remained watching her from the door of the saloon. "You appear surprised to see me, Miss Selbj'," he said, breaking the silence at last. "Allow me to welcome you on board the Yurra." "Where is Mr. Ashton? This is his- yacht." exclaimed Madge, and he laughed. "I don't see the need of keeping up that fiction any Honger/' he answered. "I am Air. Ashton." "You!" cried. Madge. "What does it all mean, Air.- Dorman? I came here with Aladame Duval expecting to be the guest of.AIr. Ashton and his wife." "So -madam 'has invented a Air. Ashton?" lie laughed. "Clever woman. I presume she has not enlightened you yet?" Aladgc drew a long breath. There was some strange plot against her, and a feeling of sudden danger caused her to move to the other end of the saloon. . ' "Wily have I been brought.on board your yacht?" she demanded. "What has Aladanv -Duval to enlighten me upon?" , : "Aliss Selby," and his face grew cold and hard, "it will be best for you- and me 'to come to an understanding. There can be no- better time for my speaking out than the present. You .have been brought on board my yacht because I could- win you in no .other way;, because. I love you and you re fuse to listen to-me; because I am deter mined that you shall he my wife." '"Then Aladam Duval is your tool!" an swered Aladge, summoning all her courage. "Aladam is whatever you may please to call her. Aliss Selby, I entreat you not to think 'too hardly of me. . You left no other' :W-ay open for me to win you, and they say: that 'All's fair in love and war.' " "It is too monstrous!" exclaimed Aladge, losing her composure at last, and speaking angrily. "I will appeal .to your captain against this infamous trick .that has been played on one. One cannot act as -you have, Air. Dorman, without being punished. I will call every man on board your yacht to -my protection." ... "Aly dear Aliss Selby," replied .Dorman. ' "You are the very last person, if I judge you rightly, to make a scene. You are too sensible for that, and I put it plainly -to you ttoalt you have nothing to complain of to my captain. What protection do you need other than you possess in yourself? What can you say to Captain Brown? You come here as. 'Aladam Duval's companion; as lier .servant.- She is my guest, and I can assure j ou that Brown is not a man of sentiment. He will consider you to be an hysterical sort of person, and pay mat the slightest' heed to your story." ; "You have -plot'ted -.very well; Air. Dor man/? she answered.:- '(And I am, as you tell me, quite defenceless. It is useless for me to say all Hihat I have in my mind to say, excep1! this, that Twain you of the conse quences of -tins deception you have played on me." - "I 'have no fear of them," lie said scorn fully,. _"and I am quite, con-tent to risk anyt- liing, so tha't I may make you my wife- Is it, not a proof of any love that I have dared to. 'bnaig ithis about?'. Is it not a fur ther proof ttoa-t l am not the man to go back from my purpose?" ."And I. have. been .tnckctd and duped by this Aladam - Duval!?' answered - Aladge. "Yes,. I see. it all. now. Her enticement by money, the story of her -anvitatiooi " to Cowes,";and she sank -down on the saloon couah, burying her. face in her hands. "I 'beg you not to; repulse me, Aliss Selbjv— Aladge/? he went ou., "I. offer von all I have in the -world to give, my' name and foi'tune. Why have you repelled mc - "I w-ill not suffer you to speak to me in Uhis way!" she cried; "Nor will L remain to hear j'ou. You -have explained the meanness and , treachery .by which I. have been placed m your power; you have not disguised that at any rate." /"You are judging me. unjustlv," he nn- sfyered. "I love you, Aladge, -and would only use the power I may possess for your liappiuess. Think -toow mudh I have dared in bringing iyou here— yes, yes; 1 know you will upbraid1. me; but I'll trust -to time to help me." 'T will not answer you," said Aladge, -an- "gered afresh at his- ivoi-ds. "And at- least I have tilie right to be. left alone." "I will not intrude upon you," lie roplied- "We are out of sight of land bv -this tune. It is something to think of," and there was a vague liicnnee in his looks. Left alone Madge remained for some mo ments, almost bereft of the faculty of rea lising hoi- position. The thought of the way iii, whidh she had been duped, the incredible chicanery of Aladam Duval, and the help lessness to escape from the toils in which sli'e was involved, seemed to overwhelm 'her, but as she sat thinking the past became clear to her mind. The advertisement had 'been brought to lier notice by Doimnn, it was lie Who had sent the paper, he.wlio had planned and sc'hemed, his money that Aladam had spent so lavishly; 'the very dress' that Aladge was wearing toad been paid for by this man, whom she 'honestly touted and despised. Bitter and humiliating a's ber position was, the whole business" was too melodramatic and impossible to be successful, yet there was a real danger' btariug lier in the face. Jarvis Dorman was to be feared, and in what manner or when this voyage would end die had no idea. Even to appeal to the captain of the yacht for help and pro tection would do her no service — Dorman had planned too cunningly for that. She was no mote than an attendant on his guest, Aladam Duval, and Captain Brown — a hard headed, unimaginative -Sco'tchmon, .if Aladge could have known .that — 'would only regard lier as a-n excitable woman, and give no credence to such an improbable story as h'er's. Air. Dorman was bis master for the time -being, un'der whose orders toe acted, and however nmcli Aladge might complain Captain BrCwn could do nothing. All this she reasoned out, but in what way to act for the best Che knew not. She would es- oape' from the yacht a't Hie first place which it touched, but in a foreign land, almost without money, What could she do? Then a faint groan came from t'he berth next the side of 'the saloon where 'Ala'dge was sitting, and Madam's voice making a feeble appeal for brandy was beard. .v Aladge was too angry, too incliignkn't to re spond to the request, bitt she went into the berth, where lin a confused heap Aladam lay groaning. . "You have played your pant very well, Aladam Duval/' she said, "and Air. Dorman has been- good enough to open my eyes to your -character." >"AIon- Dieu!?'— moaned Madam. "My chaile,'! d-ic of 'this diable of a sheep. - I hear nothing— I see but so angry a look at me, that I tremble— where is ithe brandy??' "You Wicked woman!" exclaimed Aladge. "To think how you have deceived me! 1 see everything now. Where am I being taken to?" .." . "Sweet c-haile," responded Madam faintly. "I tell yon all if I five. I am at 'the point to1 diei'naiv; .is it not? I - have' been de- cepted, also/?, and 'then she appeared? to sud denly siiig-into insensibility, refusing, or un- able to'-spcak further, and going into the saloon "Madge made a resolute effoilt -to re gain her composure. : < . Doriiiah did ndt appear again that day, and 'through it Aladge kept within the saloon, '.Waited upon by the Stewardess; and employing the 'time in reading. ' Her first anger had passed, and 'the certainty of es caping; from s the unpleasant position in which, .she found herself gave some content ment to endure it. It was not until it be came too dank to read that she quitted the saloon for iihe berth opposite Madam's, and, lulled by the gentle motion of the yacht, soon fell asleep. The sun was shining brilliantly when she awoke, anchfor a few moments lay glancing round- a't her novel environments, which were 'the most . luxurious and comfortable imaginable. Then the stewardess brought her a cup of tea, and asked in what'manher she could assist Aladge, telling her. that Aladam Duval had been inquiring for her companion. ' . . "Do you know where we are 'going?" asked Aladge; ; "I th-ink it is to 'the Mediterranean'," , re-' plied the Stewardess. "The yacht has been provisioned for a long cruise, my husband tells me, and we shall not call anywhere before/reaching Algeria." ' , "Algeria!" and Aladge's heart . gave- a leap. Would this woman who was a perfect stranger to her give any heed to her story? And she hesitated. There would..be tune enough to tell it presently she thought, and so she would keep salenee for the present. "Aladnm Duval lis almost dead," said .the Stewardess laughing. "She looks fifty years older -than when she came aboard. That's the wav with these Frenchwomen. She has been begging for you to go to her." ' There, was nothing to be gamed by keep ing herself in seclusion, and Aladge was allowing her interest m the yacht and the voyage to overcome her resentment against the plotters who toad enticed her from Eng land.; She had not the slightest fear of Jarvis Dorman, nor doubt of herself, and even at Algeria lie could obtain no real power over- her.- So dressing herself quickly, discarding once and for ever the yachting costume bought in Winchester, she went huIa /MrtilntnA llinrCIt - "Oh, mv chailfe!". exclaimed - -Aladam, whoso complexion had . undergone'1 a sea Change- "This misery that I suffer! ; And vou smile " - ' :"J can't help it," replied Aladge. '.'You've brought all this misery on yourself.' How- ever/.T don't /suppose anything will'-matter that I; say now, liut there are those-m Eng land who will, calbyou and your employer to account " "Pnrbleu!" and Aladam rooked her -dis- lievelled head, i "But your account!, For what-my chaile? I am so happy that you smile -why not? Regard now," and she struggled -into a ..sitting- posture with the poor anchors and flags dotting tlio heap she. presented. "Al'sieur Dorman call to me himself, Al'sieur Asliton," she began, moving her finger up and down solemnly, "and he in vite to this so horrible voy-age. Bien. Do' you upbraid me that he so love you? Can I command not to love? No. Then we travel together you and I, and I also regard you as a daughter, is it not? Resign then your self to so great pleasure and comfort of this sheep, to me most hor-r-r-rible. But I have presently my health, and then we veesit a country where it shall bo alwaj-s summer. Am I not your friend? Your employer; who also love my companion so greatly? Forgive me, my eliaile." "Did j'ou not know that Air. Dorman had planned all this?" demanded -Aladge. "That lie sent me to j'ou at Alorton St. Jude?" "Not so;" cried Alndnm. "Unjust chaile tllia t you are. There 5s no planning. ' I know nothing of Al'sieur Dorman, but that he love you. If you are unliappv, I will com fort -you; if you weep I will -the same weep; I will protect you; and if you cannot love Al'sieur we will ..together return to England.- See wiiuit I promise you-?' "You'-pixxmise'itliait alt 'tlhe first opportun ity we will go back ito England?" said Aladge. "Yes," replied Madam. "But Al'-sieur's love lis profound. He adores you, wij chaile. Al'sieur Donnam ilrave great inohes -that you ask .ran yt tilling, and ilie cant j/t 'to your foot; he will be sluve." "And you will leave itlhe yaotot ait the first place We readh?" answered Aladge, not heed- — ing M-adaim's speeoli. "If it should be possible, we would leave before we see the saumted earth," cried Madam. "Forgive me, my dluile, aim I not your guardian ?" She implored so q.irnestlv, and gesticu lated so energetically, that Aladge refrained from denouncing dier. Aloreover, rt would be an unwise pobcv 'to make an enemy of Madam, for wibtooitt toer, and an a foreign " land, Madge's caes would be worse ttibau at tllie present. v. ; Afadam Duval's rejuvenation was- per- : formed in secret, and it must have been nothing less than witchcraft winch trans formed iher from a fliumiui wreck auto 'tihe ogling tripping Irthe lady . who came on deck some .two. 'hours -later. Aladge was standing beside Gvptnm Brown wntclung the .distant eorst of France, a-ud inquiring how soon itihe Yanu would reach lior des tination, when Aladu-m made toer reap pearance, drafting and smiling in her nauti' cal Oostuone, thait c-arasod -Mie Weaitlher beaten old Scotchman a. laugh some hours later when the toad ussimilaited the picture she presented. Then . 'tihe steward came with dhampagme, and Madam's horror of the "Diable" of a dhiip olr.rngcd into admiration of toer and toer owner, who so treaited -ttoem "au Prince! " It was not until the evening that Air. Dormum appeared in ftoe saloon, where Aladge was alone, and unahle to escape 'ttoe interview, sire yvent itlhrougflr it bravely. Long and eloquently -lie pleaded, urging her to listen to tois suit. That he loved her she never doubted, tout all toer love was given to Dick Mortimer, and ttoe effrontery, of this man toy whom she had -been entrap ped, brought every tender memory and her lover's iface vividly 'before her mental sight. Though she and 'Dick toad been separated, and that dark secret in -her breast kept . ttoem apart, her deep -true love , had never changed or dimmed. And to think that this. man, Jarvis iDo-rman, dared to speak of love for her was an affront, before which even' . - his plot against toer li'bei'ty secmed ti'ifling. '' "I will no't . accept .your rek'usal!" he ex- . claimed, "d caiinot live without you, -Aladge. : " Riches' can 'bring -me neither pleasure .nor - satisfaction: unless you share /them with m e/' : , r, ?- . ... "You have.had.my answer, ".she; replied.- ''And. -it is useless to urge me to change/it,? . Air, iDorman;. -You say you -love mey and yet you are-. majving me miserable and .un happy. Set-me ashore with Aladam Duval; w and-I am willing to forgive you all that you ; toave done." ; , , Then a change came in his manner. 'Tnere are places in the world where I can , . force you to marry me; where our marriage : can -be performed, although you protest and . . resist," he answered. "It is to one of these that we ore sailing, and I tell you so much of my plans 'that you -may behave .as a- sensible reasonable woman. Madam Duval : ? will leave us at ttoe first convenient moment, t and you will remain with me. It is -some- ..... thing 'to consider." .. There was no mistaking tois threat, .and there were no means of escaping from him. For the first time a fear for tne future took possession ok toer heart. It was useless to : beg for her release from this determined, unscrupulous man, she felt certain, tout her . pride .prevented toer ltrom showing the dread , . she felt at tois 'threatening words, and al- though she mistrusted Aladam neartily, even her presence was a protection. .. ; : si:,. nv:ia nnrefnl never to -be alone. witH him again, after tins, and Donnan, as . though contented .for the time in; knowing -- her to toe in his'power, was careiul not -to ; increase the anget which he was conscious v.? Aladge entertained against him. But'Cthat , lie would ibreak'her spirit, compel .her to . listen favorably' to'him, and eventually over come toer opposition to -her union with hun, ; he never allowed 'himself to doubt. Once in Algeria, „she would toe defenceless, and then the reward of all tois efforts would be , y reaped. . . (Td-toe Continued.) ; "The newest- journalism" seoms to .consist in editing a paper .without the mconveni- enoe of office: work. . Lady Randolpto Chur chill "edits" 'tlie- "Anglo-Saxon Review" while on the. higli seas. or in South Africa. Lord Rosslyn.cppjfuoted a newspaper large ly from a chair/in Hyde Park during tiro London season! l AIr. Eugene Sandow.'rs tlie editor of a magazine. The modem editor lends his name as the "man of straw" in French journalism used to lend his sword; he signed all leading articles— often with great difficulty, for he. was generally illite- j-ate— and took the consequences (hence the French signed "leader" of to-day). In Ger many the "sitting editor," 'as in Russia, nominally conducts everything, so that he ' can go to prison for libel and lese majeste when called on. In the humbler ranks, of our own journalism the employment of a boy of 14 as "publisher" — with powers to abscond at a critical moment — is not un known. 