ANDROMEDA: 'A TALE OF THE GREAT RIVER. (BY ROBERT BUCHANAN.) CHAPTER IV.— (Continued.) "No," she nnaworccl with a shako of tho head. Tvo only been in London onco, and that was years slnco, when I was little. I've often thought I'd llko to llvo thoro." "I don't think yoji'd llko it," said Somerset, "To a country girl llko you To his surpriso sho Interrupted him impatient ly, aaying— "I ain't a country girl; I hate tho country! I hato Canvoy Island most ot all. It's right enough, perhaps, In summer time, but In winter, wben tho fogs come, and tho sun scarcely shines, and there's nothing to look at but the black marshes and tho river, and the rainy sea out yonder, it's llko being dead and buried. "Have you lived hero all your life?" "Not much!" crlod Annie, with a toss of the head. "I caino hero four years ago, and I've never left It, except to stop now and then with tho young ladies at Raylclgh." "And bctoro you camo here?" Her face darkened, her black eyebrows were contracted, whllo tho old look of desolation came Into her face. She made no answer. "If you were not born in the country, he per sisted, "whoro wcro you born? Not In London, surely?" M , "You wnnt to know too much," she said, turn ing her face away, and speaking to him over her shoulder. , . . "I am rather inquisitive," ho returned, cheer ily. "You seo you Interest me. Such a pretty girl aa you — " Her eyes flashed at hlin, as sho exclaimed. "Now, you're chnfllng! I'm not fool enough to think I'm pretty— and oven if I was It wouldn t matter." "Beauty always matters, and I can assure you, sneaking purely as an artist, that I'm neither chafllng nor flattering. You're as handsome as your namesake must have been, I assure you. "My namesake? Who's sho?" "Why, Andromeda — tho Greek maiden who was rescued by Perseus from the monster. The name is rather an unusual one, and I should like to Jtnow how you got It." m "My name's Annie!" returned tho girl, em phatically, "I hato tho other." "Why?" "Because!" was tho lrrevolant reply, empha sised by compressed lips and flashing eyes. They wandered on sldo by side. Presently An nie paused, glancing back In the direction of tho 'Hhlnlc you'd best go," sho said. "Your break fast's waiting, sir." "I'm not hungry," ho replied; and If you don't mind, I'd rather keep your company. "Oh, I don't mind," said Annie, with a little Bhrug of tho shouldevs. "But if they seo you and mo walking together, they'll bo scolding. Endell doesn't like mo to talk to gentlemen. "Whom does sho expect you to talk to. de manded Somerset, laughing. "Only to waterside characters and bargees? Besides, what right has eho to shut you out from civilised society and po lite conversation Uko mine? That's the worst of theso superannuated country folk; They think a man can't look at a young person of the other sox, without making lovo to her." Their eye© mot, and tho girl laughed. "Somo men can't," sho said; "or at least pro- tondlng." "I'm different!" , , "I'm euro I hopo so, sir," Bho returned, simply. "Lovomaking's all nonsonsp! Folk can be friendly without that and I'm sure it's a pleasure to talk now and thon to some ono who looks llko a Chris- tlan." With talk llko this they beguiled tho way, and. presently camo within sight of tho farm for which Annie was bound — a small, low-lying cluster o£ buildings situated in tlio centre of marshy fields, on which forlorn cattle wore amphibiously graz ing. Annie's restraint and embarrassment had vanished, and sho talked quite freely about her- eclf and her solitary life, only darkening and resuming somothiug of her former gloomy man ner when Somerset , questioned her about her birth and antecedents. Close to tho farm they parted, tho girl refusing to accept his escort any further. More puzzled than over about his new acquaintance, Somerset strolled back to tho Lobster Smack for breakfast. QIIAPTBR V.— THOUGH CONVERSATIONAL IS RETROSPECTIVE. Naturally of an inquiring mind, and being pecu liarly interested In tho person whom he had en countered under such romantic circumstances, Somerset determined to go to tho fouutnin- head for information That fountain-head was jod Endell, and tho way to raako it flow freely was to pour ardent spirits into it. So that very day Somorsct beguiled tho old sea-dog on board the littlo yawl, took him down to the tiny cabin, where tliero was a supply of excellent wMsky, and whon, under tbo Influence of several drams, Job was beginning to grow talkative, prepared for his cross-examination. "You don't keep stuff like that ashore, Job?' he said, refilling Job's glass from a fast-ebbing bottle. Job grinned, and shook his head. "Wo'vo no call for it, mister," ho replied. "The customers who come uur way aln t of much account, and don't know good drink from bad. It's a poor place, Convey island, a rotten poor rlace, and if li wasn't, for stray gentry like you and Mister Button 'twouldirt hardly bo worth my while to keep tho placo going. Lord, when I think of tho times I've had, and the things I've seen, afore I settled down in this 'ero wilderness, 1 feel inclined to curse and swear." "I don't wonder."' "Why, just look round you, sir. What is there to see, year's end to year's end? Only mud and sand and brackish water, the marshes this side, tho river that side, and the ships n-goitig past llko ghosts, outward and homeward bound. Shut up with the old woman like a toad In the hole, and mo still hale and hearty, as fond of a bit of fun as ever." "No doubt It's dismal enough," said Somerset, lighting a cigar. "If you find it so, what must that young girl think, who lives with you and the mistress?" Tho old man shrugged his shoulders. "Well, you see she's only a gel, and gels Is dif ferent," he remarked;; then, with a wink of the cyo and a crafty look, he added: "I seo you've taken notice on her, Mr. Somerset!" "Of course I have," said Somerset, smiling. "Petticoats aro scarce hereabouts, you see!" Job leant forward with his hands on his knees, and grinned significantly. "You'd bettor not let tbo old woman see you looking at hor! Sho lotoks arte r her wonderful sharp does the old woman, and so does I for that matter, for a bargain's a bargain. You see, sir, Annledromedy's under our care, and we've got to see no harmi comes to her." "A relation, I suppose?" "Well, she's a sort of a kind of a relation of tho missis's, not of mine." "Lived wllh you long?" "Four or five years on and off," answered Job, dryly. "If you'll proviso to keep it dark, I don't mind telling you a secret. Well, it's this way! Annledromedy's a sort of a orphan— without father or mother — what's more, no ono kno.vs, and no ono will over know, what stock she sprung from. She was born out there at sea, 'and they christened her artor the ship on which she was found. Anniedromedy was the ship's name, aud Arnledroinedy's hers; though we calls her Annie lor short, as you're aweor." "What you toll mo Is awfully Interesting," said Scmersot, disguising his eager curiosity under a careless languor. "Fill up your glass." "No, no, I've had enough, mister," returned Endell, chuckling. "Nonsense! A seasoned old salt like you! Why, there isn't a bcadaoho in a whole hogshead of this whisky!" "Well, just another thimbleful, and then I must get ashore. You was asking about Anniedromedy, and woudering no doubt how sho camo to Canvey Island? WoIJ, I'll tell ye; but, mind, not a word of this to the old woman." "Of course not!" "Nigh on twenty yours ago, when I was still going afloat, and tho missus was keeping a lodg- u'guou8o lor sailors ovor there in uravesonu, a relation of hers, sort of a second cousin, one Matt Watson, como homo artor a long woynge. He'd been to South Amerlky, and round tho Horn, and then, -coming back, had been shipwrecked on the shores c Patagonia. IIo was only a lad then, was Matt, but a born devil as ever you sec, fearing nothink under the sun. as black as a Cuban, and w ready as auy furrelguor for to draw a knife." ;;WeIl?" "Well, sir, this 'cro Matt Watson had n sister — a single woman, living along shore at Northfleet, ond this sister o' course waa a pal of my mussus's. On© morning, Just arter Matt come back, the luussus goes over to make a call and. she finds Matt's sister, Liza was her nnmtr, Liza Watson, a-sittlng by tho lire and missing a kid— a little black-eyed babby about a yoar old. 'Lord save bs,' said tho missus, 'who's kid's that? not yourn?' Lb.a laughed. 'No, it ain't mine,' she says, 'It's Matt's!' 'Then,' says ray missus, 'you won't mean to tell me as Matt Is married!' Liza sho laughod again. 'No, ho ain't married,' she Bfiul, 'hut all tho same, this is Matt's kid, and I'm to keep It for him!' Now I needn't tell you, sir, for you knows my old woman, that she Was always worry particular! She bridles up and orles out that Matt ought to be ashamed of h!s- ficlf, and at that moment iu comes Matt hlssclf, gNnnlng like a monkey." "Go on," said Somerset, "I begin to understand, the child wus " "Jest give mo time," said Endell, with a tipsy chuckle, "in comes Matt, swaggering, his cyea like coals, his black hair tumbling over his head, his sailor's knlfo In bis belt — and when tho hilssus turned on him and began abusing of him be laughed and smacked hor on the shoulder. Then it como out that the young devil had sailed hack on a ship loaded with cattle from South Amerlky and carrying a few steerage passengers homeward bound; and among them passengers Yas a young woman who shipped at Buenos Ayrcs, who was dreadful bad with como sort of a lover, and who died one night, giving birth to that Jjld. No ono lcnowcd who sho was, except that her namo was entered in tho ship's books as 'Mary Costello,' nor where sho como from, or where sho was going, and sho'd only a bundle I with her with a few clothes and no money; and when they sowed her up in liesr canvas shroud and dropped her over tho vessel's side, there was a hend of her. . But tho puzzlo wa3 what to do with tho babo she'd left behind her." "A littlo girl?" "Right you are, a littlo gel, and to cut a long story short, that little gel was Anniedromedy." "I guessed as much." "Thoy was a rough lot aboard that ship, but they had the littlo 'un christened, and the namo thoy give hor was tho noma of tho ship as eho was born on, tho Anniedromedy. Another poor woman nusscd hor and looked arter her till they como to Plymouth, and lauded the cargo and pas sengers and paid off the crow. Then the puzzle was whaL to do with the little 'un. She'd no home, and no friends, and no belongings, d'yo see? — and Lord knows what would ha' become on her if that wild devil, Matt Watson, hadn't up and volunteered to take her and adopt lier and give her to bis sister to bo brmig u.p by hand!" "IIo did that?" exclaimed Somor&et.; "Ho must have been a good fellow!" "Good in hl« 'art, sir, good in his 'art!" mur mured Lho old man, patroulslngly. "Alius free with his pay, and kindly lo women-folk, though a savage chap when ho lost his temper among men. Now you'll never guess what first drawee hlin to the little kid, and made him take tho fancy to bring her up. It was this, Mister Somer set. Arter the poor mother was put overboard, and Uioy was looking at the little gel, ono of tli© woiucn larfs and says, 'Why, she's the very morai of yourself, mate, an' you might lm' been her daddy!' And sure enough 'twas so; for she'd black eyes like his, and blacker eyebrows, and she was dark and wild-looking as a liLtlc imp o' the sea. Well, somehow that pleased Matt, and he took to the kid from that raiiiuto forrard, and from that <day to this he's been her best friend." Tho old man rose a little unsteadily, and mut tering something to himself about tho "old woman," made his way on deck. Somerset fol lowed, his curiosity only whetted by what he had heard. The tide was out, and the. little yawl had taken the ground, so that it was Just possible to scramble over her side and walk ashore across the mud. "Finish your story Job!" snid Somerset as they stood on deck. "What became of the child after wards?" "Why she grew and sho grew," answered the old man, "till she come to ho what you now see her! Liza WaLson reared her and Mutt he paid tho piper, coming and going from his work at sea. Then close on Ave years ago when Anniedromedy was a dark slip of a gel, Liza died sudden, and Matt, he conic nshorc arter a long voyage the worry day o' the burying and finds Annie dromedy a-crying In the empty lodging. Just about that time, I'd inwested my savings in tho Lobster Smack, and one day as I was sitting at the door smoking my pipe, up comes Matt Watson, and the gel follcring him, looking full o' trouble. He nods to mo and he goes in and talks to the missus. They was a long time talk ing together, and when I went in to look arter them I found 'twas all settled that Annidromedy was to stay under my old woman's care, while Matt went back to sea." "Then you were not consulted?" "Oh, yes, I was," answered Endell, with a wink "when it come to business. We couldn't afford to board and lodge a stranger for nothing, and I settled tho terms, money down. But mind you, Matt didn't go afloat again for a year arter that, and afore he sailed away there was rum doings down hero and up in Gravesend. Don't ax me any more, though, for I ain't a-going to tell you. All the rest consarns only Anniedromedy, myself, and my old woman." Ho was scrambling over the yacht's side when Somerset detained hlra by placing his hand on his shoulder. "Only one .question, Job. Where's tho sailor fellow now?" Endell looked up with a doleful shako of the head. "That's the puzzle, mister," he replied. "It's over foui years since ho went away on his last voyage, and since that time we've heard no word on him. I doubt he's dead and drowned, though the missus she alius holds he'll come back. I wish, he would, and pay. me what he owes mc! Meantime you see, here's the gel on our hands, and Lord knows what we're to do with hor, seeing she's neither kith nor kin. of ours." Away he floundered across the mud, leaving Somerset thoroughly puzzled and amazed. The young man had tapped the fountain indeed, and discovered nearly everything ho desired to know. When all was told, however, Annie her self remained as great a mystery as ever! Tho child of an unknown woman, born miserably on shipboard, christened unconventionally on tho deep sea, adopted by a savage sailor lad, brought home to England like a monkey or a parrot to be reared in a lodging along shore, and then, finally left, a maiden all forlorn, on Canvey Island! It was a strange tale, rendered still stranger and more wonderful by tho singular beauty of the girl. The reader has doubtless gathered by this time that Somerset was a highly volatile young gentle man, p'ronu to follow his own amusement with a. somewhat reckless disregard to consequences. In following and opening up an acquaintance with the young girl of tho inn his idea was nioroly to pass tho time and enjoy a little inno cent flirtation. It never occurred to him that the consequences might be serious; for, to do him justice, he was not vain enough to fancy himself a lady-killer or a man capable of awak ening a grand passion. Nor was be, with all his frivolity, addicted to coarse and degrading amors. I-Ic was simply a good-looking and somewhat feather-brained young follow, who took life lightly, and knew little or nothing of its stormier emotions; roman tic, of course, in an' easy-hearted way, but very littlo inclined to lose his heart irretrievably. Iu fact, if the truth must be told, his matrimonial arrangements had been already made for hlin in connection with a near branch of his own family, and ho had no intention whatever, at the time of which we are writing, of disturbing those arrangomouts in any way. Nevertheless, little aa ho suspected the danger, he was playing with fire. ITe happened to come Into tho girl's life at the very moment when sho was most eager and willing to give such a visi tor welcome, and, whatover ho might be. she was made of perilous stuff, to its inmost essence com bustible. Like most young girls brought up in solitude, she had been dreaming for many a day of a fairy Prince, young, ardent, adorable, who would awaken her with a kiss, and lead her away into the world of happy fable. The moment she first saw Somerset her heart leapt up to give him greeting, foi nothing quite so sunny had hitherto crossed her path. His bold advances to hor completed the conquest. Hor passionate nature, long in revolt against its surroundings, began to stir and quicken within hor. Time alone could decide whether tho event for which she had longed was to be fatal to her, or beneficent. All sho yet realised was that the wonder-working moment had arrived! (To be continued.) 