SYDNEY SIDELIGHTS. m Look here, upon this picture, and on this. (By 'Vandorian.') To the gentlemen in khaki — from Bobs: No loot. No meat — no drink that isn't paid for. No any thing that isn't on the square — the British square. ''E's a little down on drink. Chaplain Bobs; But it keeps us outer clink — Don't it, Bobs? So we will not complain, Tho' 'e's water on the brain, If 'e leads us straight again — Blue-light Bobs.' Soldiers' comforts to the front. Every suburb has its ladies' contingent, armed with needles and bright eyes. Cutting out and sewing on, putting stitches here and strings there, and thinking of our boys, and Nightingales and Roberta's pyjamas. At Randwick Mrs. David Storey has, with her gallant comrades of the needle, made a splendid supply of comforts. Mrs. Broomfield (Balmain) presided over a most enthusiastic meeting of ladies on Tuesday afternoon. And when our boys in Africa pull their snug knitted nightcaps over fVicir core rt-n a nllill-17- -nio-T-if nr spp vflrds nf Soft white bandages just where the dull aching pain is gnawing; or, getting better, sit up in cosy Night ingales to while away the weary hours of conva lescence with books or magazines sent by the women of Sydney, perhaps they'll give a little cheer to 'the order of the needle!' Everyone — not after the Boers — is after Kip ling, who is not so easily caught. What about a line to our own 'Bobs?' O, 'e's made 'em new pyjamas, Colonel 'Bobs,' Just to tie on where the bullet aches and throbs, An' a cunnin' little string, Where the bullets sang 'ping, ping,' An' our boys say — Just the thing, Horse'tralian 'Bobs!' St. Mary's Cathedral was filled with friends and spectators on Tuesday morning. Friends of the , pretty bride (Miss M. Slattery), who were eager to j be the first to wish her every happiness; and spectators, who wanted to see the most popular show that can appeal to womankind in a soft place — dress. Greenery arched the centre aisle. At i the entrance to the altar steps a lovely floral bell, I in delicate pale-tinted roses and jessamine, swung in the morning sunlight. For sunbeams came in long shafts, that flickered on the bridal party kneeling before the High Altar. And sunshine played on the gems that half circled the bride's dark hair. A glittering wreath of diamonds (the bridegroom's gift) flashed like points of flame where the golden light glanced and sparkled over the girlish head bent in prayer — a happy omen. The bride wore a charming dress of white 'chiffon over white silk. A full overskirt of chiffon was partly accordeon-pleated, ending in soft foamy frills; and over the chiffon there was a panier of silk lace. An open work yoke of transparent lace and chiffon was partly hidden by the long tulle veil, with the small bridal wreath. An exquisite shower bouquet of trailing leaves and white jessa mine and stephanotis completed the dainty toilet of this charming little bride. Now for the bridesmaids. All in soft billowy white gowns, that seemed to be of chiffon or transparent muslin, over white silk,- open work yokes on the bodices, with a little fichu coming worn well off the face. Miss Alice Slattery (cousin to the bride), Miss Oxenham, Miss Craven, and Miss Nellie Craven were the bridesmaids. Mrs. T. M. Slattery (the bride's mother) wore black lace over white satin, and a pretty black , and white hat, with a pale blue feather across the front. And Mr. Slattery, who is Knight Com mander of the Order of St. Gregory the Great, wore it all. A handsome Maltese cross, in red enamel, with a little figure in the centre, sur mounted by a wreath that looked like laurel leaves. Mr. John Slattery, Mr. P. Meagher, Mr. Olver, R.N., Mr. Scarratt, R.N., were groomsmen; but the best man of all was the good-looking bride groom. At the Australia Mr. and Mrs.' T. M. Slattery held an informal reception on Tuesday afternoon. Amongst those present were Sir George and Lady Dibbs, Mrs. French, Mrs. Riley, Mrs. Kenna, Mrs. and the Misses Hordern, Rev. Father Fleming, Mrs. Valentine Heaton, the Misses See (there's going to be another wedding soon), Mrs. Thpodor Boesen, and Miss Wills- Allen. 'Tess of the D'Urbervilles' at the Theatre Royal. Beautiful Tess, with her sweet, sad face, looking across the golden fields where the stream winds through the lea, and the setting sun silvers the shining waters of the placid river. Tess with her auburn hair and voice that rincs true and sweet — a voice that speaks in accents she never learnt in the field, but got somehow, perhaps from one of the ancestors whom 'Sir John' loves so much better than they probably deserved. Then there is Tess's pretty arched foot! 'And what would you give to stand in her shoes?' asks 'black' Alec, looking at Marion. And the faith ful-faithless servant- companion answers him ?with a fine scorn, 'I couldn't get into 'em!' For Tess is Trilby, and Trilby is Miss Edith Crane. 'And look at all the nice dresses you've gat — and all I've done for that family of yours,' says Alec D'Urberville to Tess. She has one of the 'nicest' on at that very moment — a long, flowing morning gown in a rich shade of heliotrope lined with white silk, and opening in front over soft white draperies. In this she stands, the frozen image of despair, waiting on her brutal lover. The end comes soon — the only dramatic end possible to such a scene — the death, murder of Alec D'Ur uervme. Stonehenge, crimsoned with a blood-red summer, and Tess awaiting justice faces the eastern sky — 'the sun has come at last!' At the National Art Gallery, Lord Beauchamp's curios' are exciting great interest. There they are under a long glass case railed off, so that the public won't flatten its nose and smash things peering into them. And 'Bobby' mounts guard in a corner or strolls about, and has an eye to a young student who is putting in his blues and reds' on a square of canvas. But even the rail ing can't keep off the antiquarian nose when -it scents snuff. For historic snuff seems 'to linger, like the ghost of a sneeze, round this glass museum of ancient rites and ceremonies. Ladies first! Such beauties some of them are, smiling up frpm. their enamel bonbonieres like — like the pictures they are! No wonder that the snuff takers (the real old-school, country gentle man, with a Gladstone collar) dies hard. He doesn't die of chronic catarrh — he dies protesting. Because any nice old gentleman who owned a snuff-box with 'a face on it as pretty as some of these would go on sniffing till he snuffed out. ? Beauties 'first and ladies after! Pretty, naughty Nell Gwynn, with a mass of thick chest nut brown curls round her face, smiles softly from the lid of a carved horn snuff-box set with gold and lined with tortoiseshell. Ninon de l'Enclos adorns an exquisite oval box in deep blue enamel (the color of her eyes), set with large pearls. Ninon's famous beauty must have been just a trifle on . the wane when she sat (with some impatience) for this portrait. It is a handsome face still; but the stolid mouth and thick-set neck suggest a double chin. It is very rude .of them; but they also suggest a beefsteak and porter appetite! Mile, de Chartres, mild and pretty in pink and white, holds a small mask. . Anne of Austria, [severe of .aspect; Mme.rde Sevigne, .a delicate face framed in fair hair; and Mme. de Chevreuse, fair, fat, and, perhaps, 50 — these and more smile through their enamel in the lovely tints of cream and peach-bloom pink which the old miniature painters used with such. imperishable art. . Louise jTherese de Bourbon-Con ti, Duchesse d'Orleans, and mother of Egaiite, looks very dig nified (as well she might with so many fine names), a la Watteau, in pale grey with, touches of rose pink on her corsage. A deep blue cushion supports her arm, to match, perhaps, the distant skies. For.the'Duchesr3 d'Orleans seems to have been standing in a garden at the time she had this very particular portrait painted. Then comes another. tortoiseshell snuff-box, and another Louise. This time it is the wife of Egaiite and mother of Louis Philippe. ' A pretty smiling face this Duchesse d'Orleans, with a white muslin coif on her curled head, and soft blue eyes. But amongst them all there isn't one that out shines the noble, serious beauty of a face that hangs on the wall amongst the pictures lent by the Governor. It is the mild, beautiful face of the late Countess Beauchamp. A night with Kipling— the best of good com pany. \- TO T.A. 'I have tried for to explain, Both your pleasure and your pain, And, Thomas, here's my beet respects to you.' A night with Kipling, at the Centenary Hall, in company with Mr. Lawrence Campbell, a big can non (on the platform), drums, flags, and sons of New Britannia. The proceeds go to the Women's j Patriotic Fund. Some of the proceeds went first to Mr. Campbell's head, which he promptly took out of the line of fire. 'Absent-minded Beggar' was the usual 'draw,' ecd how did it go? It 'went' for all it was worth when Mr. Campbell ] recited it; and the money started for the platform '- before the first verse finished, over £7 in small coin of the Empire rattling on to the platform. Crowds of people coming in late, and looking for their seats and their butts. And ihe ushers trying to make everyone happy and comfortable, to spend the evening with our only Rudyard. But this is not only a wicked world, but it is peopled with pillars of State, pillars of the church, bolsters of the Empire, and pillars you can't see through. They were all at the Centenary Hall last night. Some of them supported the roof, and were fat and solid, and no one wanted to sit behind them. Then there was trouble. 'Have you got your butt?' says the usher firmly. Of course they havn't got their butt, but they try to look as if they had. Result — distraction equals subtrac tion. One chair, no butt, two people. Take away people, leave chair, find ticket-butt, equals no'ught and carry away the chair; but this is where the usher comes in. 'I object to sit behind a pillar. I will not sit behind a pillar; I would rather ? ' 'Have you got your butt?' asks the usher politely. A butt is his only chance, ani he takes refuge in it. The indignant persons who i hate pillars are paralysed — they don't know any thing about their butts. 'That is not my num ber. I refuse to occupy that chair. Butts, in deed!' At last there is reconciliation — and ap propriation. I Kipling and Mr. Campbell and Mr. Campbell and I^ipling. And they went in double harness like any other well- matched pair. Only it was tandem, of course. Rudyard ahead, and the elo cutionist following his leader, from India to Sou dan, and to every wind that blows the English flag. 'Take 'old o' the wings o' the mornin', 'An' flop round the earth till you're dead; But you won't get away from the tune that they play, To the bloomin' old rag over 'ead.' 'Think what 'e's been, Think what 'e's seen; Think of 'is pension an' ? Gawd save the Queen!' 