RIFLE SHOOTING. M A rifle club is being formed in connection rifl tbe Melbourne Cricket Club. 9 An accident occurred at the Heidelberg butbM Saturday last which should act as a lesson to mrfl hers 01 new ciuus as wen us um iu» > "gg most carc and caution in making arrangement 9 the ranges, and in the carrying on of rifle pnctkB Mr. Graham, the secretary of the local dub, »MM marking, and one of the shooters appears to hiMM taken little or no notice of the red flag being h up by Graltam while the latter was in an unprH tccted position behind the target. The result H a shot at tho moment was that a bullet struck «9 Graham on the back of the neck, and coursed aM| wards, coming out behind the ear, -and foriunittflH without inflicting any serious wound. Inwd« of the target and earth embankments showed n m ous defects, which have since been remedied. H is to be hoped every precaution will be iak«n ;oj«| vent such accidents as those on other raiiRcs. IS The inaugural shoot of the Inline works ch Agricultural Department Club was held at the UiB liamstown ranges on Saturday, there being a tom attendance. The "first shot' was fired by Mr. Martin, the departmental secreiary, ami lie m « a bullseye, a fact which was taken us an augury a successful future for tlie club, ibe afUTCNi jjiaeticc consisted of a teams match, with Mr TtcRStnd Murpiiv respectively captains. wic bWB il bv the president and vice-president rgBj \lTic event was interesting and cap nbl< TrtWiik of tlio dny went with he ;« nrcsidenU£rt&i;\n, who won by 15 points, the too MSlfand &10 respectively. A social mini AMMCfoblfre tobk place afterwards in tin. jowl' and a Dl&an;/ time spent, during which a nuinbM of sirtWfj>«tiw9ts were enthusiastically honored.. 5»tifri vhDtfws has retired from the secretary! /oLtrrLmbounic Rifle Club, and Mr. A. B. toma idMHP'Taken the position. , In ftiture, 142 points will have to he made musketry practice by members of rifle oluM make themselves effective. iho maximum a tanee to he fired at has been changed from m « Members of the Efsondon and I'leininri'jn commenced their musketry course at » y'l.iniM : on Saturday, and a good proportion of mm a satisfactory work. The question of extending tlie llorsJiam cm range to 1d00 yards wns considered at a sikxu meeting of the club during the week, ilU.L'L-M decided to be content with the limit of jw P" now available. Trophies have n-eontly been F Rented to the club by the president, Mr. >Jj Mr. T. Young, Mr. J. Miller and Mr. F. M. up of Murloa, tho lustnaincd for a competition e tween tlie Murtoa nnd Horsham elnb?. JH The Diniboola club held its first shoot oiMH ncuday last. The programme comprised fonjF tftions for trophies presented by local rw ! aud the number of marksmen was a large nu- bering 40. A youth named II. B lib uus uiu « best work of the day. The uuntesti were woi c dshed when darkness set in. . The Colorable club now comprises 00 memw The latest club to come into existence )s 0,lt Nunawad'ing. , ... ,, t-H Tronhies have been donated (0 the llarnumw club <l>v Messrs. A. Jordan and F. Wney- , The Woodend club held tiie find coimietibjn the trophy recently presented bj up Hoes, which was liol.l on there belnir about 20 competitors. tlie conditions being 30 .hots at JM and 000 yards. Tlie scratch man. Mr. 1. la- "rj came out with the best total, <j% and In. Jfr. W.' Taylor, 50 (iff), and Mr. 11. i-sMcw, « (12), wore the best of the others. , M Tlie first competition for tlie hinsells trop') . place nt tho Stnwell club liut'ts on Mwne-1 ;fl| tlie conditions beins 10 sliots at -00 .B The position of lienor at tlie i'ead o tia w pained by Mr. W. Bell, with .2 10). Jh. M Younp 72 (10) being second, and Mr. It. H hoMor'tlake and Campcrdmvn club held at«j4| match, eight men a side, at B a very pleasant time being liad. Il"| " n , „,,jB in a somewhat easj- win for the nn aggregate of 403 against tlie i ii|S conditions 'lioing 7 allots at 200 and tJO >' < ,!H A. S. Tliomson, 58, was the h ghost »otefpJ Camperdown, whilat lir. N. a similar position amongst tlie MortlJ IMfl| A book entitled n Itille ,, q («ma issued by Messrs. Sands und M liotwan. ,|tH prises information on the ",V'ri||L. nrjefic® siiootim.-, the conduct of cluli 11 H generally, and siiould he found lm b«fl The position of secreiary of nlle .mas given to Mr. W. II. Osborne, ar orceer accountant's branch of tlie .ImIiilj it in: ..i.iiujor 'W 3Ir. Osborne was at one tunc a scrt, the Submarine Enginegja., , ..;»«! 0 A team from the Scottish Regiment n»« h,i and had an interesting Ws Srtui'lD V'fin. club, the cngasenient BWi,' tic !;" .r." ,ccots bv 13 points in a wcr'c.8. slio.ts at «0 a8B „mirr tbc name of "Sharp- SBLililllt roloWQj t|t.r ., ha3 i,con isstiocl by BW:,h-S!'> ' ,,,. wcll-l.non'lt London (pin Bftx r.r«»5r; ,'!£0=tlv micd with informa- S&t; in t>P'. ,,,,1 riile shooting, and it is (loiiwnil for popular instruction Haoaa't 1 „,i:ters that has recently sprung HM- " 'fSil ihe colonics, 1 1 is written in BBfof -I." ami should prove specially B , the art of ride shooting; - .,ubHsliers-rMesn-s. Sands '''"iiVh ii tl oopy, of a "nille.Ilegls- (I,cm. It has: been -com-: K Aa'Hi ensure the. most no; HHtiih ilig P.r"' .v. „ii particulars relating to ; aU. principally, of , ' ,.t T.cc.|Cnfiel(l rifles, «303, and i in .rinalion most important to Wp> f t? ,j;f Sine perfect. rifle shots. 88® " HI wrams are everything that could ffifb-f1" ,,f "a Irajectory. windage lables, »>, as ;J&. 'y &0i The work is tho- Knnd will he most useful to all HlririlF' 7; . SHft ride 