THE MYSTERY OF TNE DANK HONSE ' PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. B3T "BITA," Author of "Peg the Rake," "Kitty the Rag," "Two Bad Blue Eyes," "A Woman In It," ' '.'Darby and Joan." "The Grinding Mills of God." "A Daughter of the People," "A Husband of No Importance," &c.;, &c.; COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XIII.— (Coutinned.) In the long silence that followed that pas-, Bionate outburst, thought was merciless to me, and I lived through spaces of both past. \- and future ln vivid flashes of what had been 'and "what might be. . When she spoke again her voice was weak, and tremulous. It held the echoes of some un expressed misery, but I lacked courage to' ask of Its nature. The storm raged on wlth- . out, and the Btress nnd fury of human pas sions and human griefs raged on within, and we two sat in the deepening gloom nursing our vengeance in the very impotence of de- Bpair. Was ever anything stranger than the cir cumstances of iriy present life. SometlmeB It seems like a dvtam from which I shall waken to find myself once more in the dear old Vicarage. Sleep itself, with its visions and phantasies, is more real at times than this I wander through the ghostly corridors, I listen In the silence of night to the whisper ings and stirrings that fill the gloom with mystery. I see the moonlight stream through my uncurtained window in the warm sum mer nights, and I listen 4o the sea's untir ing murmurs and the owl's weird hooting. I am not afraid of the loneliness now. I have grown used to it, and to all the void and darkness that have surrounded my life's once passionate fulness. But I know it Is not good for me. I know : that my years are yet too young for the sap of joy to be wrung out of them, and -when I rise listlessly to -meet each new day jand see my hollow eyes ond pale cheeks I .turn away from the too candid truthteller that confronts me, and wonder dimly. If. this pale ghost can really be myself. There is nothing to tell, nothing to record.. One day Is like another as the summer. drifts along. The echoes of the harvest fields can not. penetrate here. The failures or successes of the fishing boats are unheard or unheeded by any Inmate of Penharva. , The only voice from the outer world that ever reaches ub is that of Mr. Malpus. On the first of every month he appears and has an Interview with Miss Penharva. Some times I see him In the gloomy d nlng-room, but ofteneer I avoid him. He makes m6 un- CDay follows day, week drifts after "week. The leaves turn from green to gold. Frui. and grain have been gathered and -reaped. The itints and scents of autumn Bhurp6n into chilliness at dawn and nightfall. 1 of question and anxiety In old Ruth s face, and I am surprised whon she tblls me that she Is going to sleep In the little room that openB -out of my own. Then I know .that tljo .hour "of my trial is approaching, and my. courage begins to fail. . It was midnight. I woke from a troubled sleep, and looked about me. There was a fire in tho grate, and a shaded lamp on the table near by. Ruth Pascoe was sitting by the fire . on a low chair crooning dreamily to some thing she held In her arms. Something that made a little odd funny noise, a feeble wall that to me sounded the oddest and must pitiful thing I have ever heard. I lifted my self from tho pillow, and peered forward. ' - "Ruth," I said. She glanced round. "Lie down," she com manded. "You'll have a fever sartln and sure if you be so venturesome." I sank back. "Have I been 111 long?" I ask ed, feebly. . , "Long cno\" she answered. A week or so you've been wandering like, but I be'ant af raid for 'ee now!" , "And— and It— Bhe?" I asked. . "A fine child, eno'. But not exactly1 what we thought her'd be. Don't 'ee let theeself get excited though. For 'tie a boy not a girl babe you've given us." "A boy!" I started up again, forgetful of warning. ' "Good heavens! What does Miss Penharva say?" . "She was mazed. She didn't say anything, but she looked at It, and sure us fate, my dear life, what do 'ee think? The babe smiled In her face, quite lcno win' like, and now her has It brought to her own room every day, and .'twill lie on her lap quiet and smllln', and holding av a finger her will be glvln" It." "But didn't she say anything?' I persisted. "Narra- a word. Don't 'ee fluster theeself. >Tls a child right eno', and the will o' Provi dence sent it of a different. sex to our require ments, but look, my dear life, don't 'ee vex theeself over that." "May I— see It?" I asked timidly. "If thee'll lie down and keep still. I've had a rare piece of work wl' thee these seven day&." I obeyed, and she came towards me, the small Manuel bundle In her arms. She put II Into mine, and I looked wonderlngly at the tiny puckered face, the wide-opened blinking eyes, the soft dusky hair. An odd feeling of pity for its smallness and helplessness was the only sensation of which I was conscious. I saw no beauty In this small parcel of humanity. It was the 'out ward and visible sign of a false love. It perfected my misery, and yet I could not har- deu my heart against It. The one love com mon to all things feminine stirred my stag- uant soul. The tears were warm on my cheeks as I bent over this small, frail thing. A rough touch, the merest accident would have ar rested the life -that was so new and profitless a gift. I felt that, even us I recognised the warring of those new and strange emotions. Hurriedly I gave the child back to Ruth. Then I turned my face to the wall and wept the bitterest tears I had shed yet In all these miserable months. The time of expectation and dread was over. The waiting at an end. I should soon be free to take up- life on my own responsibility, to face the 'world, and ask Its mercy or Its scorn as I pleased. Then once more the feeble wall broke forth, and I felt my heart thrill, and a strange un reasoning tenderness woke to life in place of my hardness and bitterness. My child- mine! Undesired and dowered with shame, and yet claiming me and calling ori me by. right of that very dower. Mine— and I had bartered Its future for my own., security, and traded Its forlorn innocence for my own sel fish purpose. , - . Yet when the helpless thing had rested In my arms all the womanhood within called ouf In syrnpathy. Sin, shame, and despair seemed of less account before this outward and visible sign. The child's touch brought me within sight of heaven's mercy, and lifted me above even sorrow and indifference. CHAPTER XIV. 1 ami well enough now to leave my bed. 1 can write or read, or work, or sit by the fire with the little one on my knee, watching him curl Ills rosy toes before the bright flames, and making those odd little choking, chuck ling noises thai are musical only to a mother's ears. I have not left my room yet, consequently have not seen Miss Penharva. Old Ruth brings. me messages from her, and I answer them, but I shrink with dread from the inter view that must take place. I have formed no plans for the future. Yet I know I must soon leave this refuge. My Idea has been to go on the stage, but I am quite Ignorant how to sot about it. My voice had been considered wonderful In my old home, and In the light of friendly criti cism, but I have yet to compare It with voices that have won the favour of the public. Al so I have a good memory, and I can learn quickly. But this Is all the stock-in-trade with which I have to face the world, and earn a livelihood. The child grows and thrlveB. His roBy prettiness enchants me. The golden down on his head, the beauty of hla skin, the roundness and firmness of his limbs, the wide wondering gaze of his .deep blue eyes— all of these have become a wonder and delight. My heart thrills at the touch of his tiny hands, or the sound of his cry. I could write pageB and pages about him, but I won't. Only It seems as If some mir acle has been wrought in mo. I am so changed. Instead of hate has come love. I feel It in me to face the world and defy It, strong In the Joy of motherhood. That feel ing has humanised me once more. I could almost forgive Cyril. If he returned to me now, if he was penitent, I -would forgive him. The child unites us once more. 'A living tie that makes us more than lovers. I break off here with Impatience. Cyril has deserted and forgotten me. Even )f I told him of— this. I feel It would make no dif ference. And I don't want his pity, or his help. I only want his love. The days fly by. To-morrow I am to see MlsB.Penharva. I have spent .the evening alone here with my child. For the 'first time It comes home to me that I am going to for sake him. ' To give him up to strangers. For the first time, my selfishness looks criminal In my eyes. It Is true I am without means to support him, but have I the right to rob him of the love and care such as motherhood teaches? The promises wrung from me In my helplessness torment mo now .with living rebuke. Througn trie shadowy distraction of my mind they wander like pitiless accusers. I cannot give him up. I must see him. I feel 1 would rather take him awuy to starve or die with me than yield him to a slrang- eris care. The wrangle In my brain has culminated In' a passion of tears. Some of them fall on that little gold-fluffed head.' It Is Ill-luck to cry over a young bube— so says Ruth. But what have 1 brought my Innocent but Ill-luck from first to last'? With difficulty I restrain my. feelings. I try to pray, hut my thoughts wunder vaguely from familiar petitions to present anxieties. I will lie down beside my little one and try to sleep. To-morrow will, he here soon enough. Why anticipate Its troubles? I have just returned from the interview with Mies Penharva. While It Is fresh In my mind I will write it down here. There was a change in her. Something softer, more human,. I thought. She greeted me with an Interest I had never seen her dis- rilay. The child was In my arms asleep. .She looked at It long, and a sigh escaped her. I plunged breathlessly Into the subject near my heart. "Miss Penharva." I 'said, "as It Is not a girl I suppose bur compact can be broken. This child can be of rio use to your schemes." She looked at me, and then at the babe, in his .lovely innocent slumber. . "What can you do for him?" she asked. . I was silent. The blood ebbed from my face. A sort of despair seized me. "V.ery little," I said, "except love him." "That won't feed and clothe him," she an swered, "Tell me— has his birth been any consolation? Has he brought- with him that love and compassion one reads of as belong ing to mothers?" . "I love him," I said. :I cannot help It." "And he will be your scourge," she said, bitterly. "He will care nothing for a love that bears the stigma of shame. Better he never knows you as his mother than that he should llVe to break your heart with reproach In years to come." I wus silent. Her. 'words called up in my mind a dread that had not entered it as yet. Of what avail would.be love or self-sacrifice If In the end, I was to stand .self-condemned before my child's eyes, "Sit down," she said, abruptly, "and listen to mo. Do you wish to withdraw from your contract? . Answer me frankly." "I haye learnt to love him so." I answered weakly. "It Is all different now. 1 made that promise before I had any right to make it. A child 'is so helpless. ' He needs u mo ther's love and— and patience." "This Is maudlin and sentimental," she said, coldly. "Tou. can do nothing for him. . You are destitute when you leave here. Either necessity will drive you to worse shame than Is now your portion, or despair will force yon to end a miserable life. ' 1 know the world— you don't. "But, there,' don't cry, like a- foolish baby. We have grown friendly towards one another In these lonely months. You have awakened some feeling In this starved heart of mine. 1 am not going to keep you to the strict letter of our bargain. 1 should think badly of yon hod you proved heartless enough to desire It. Leave the child here. He will be well tend ed and cared for, ond you may come to see. hlra sometimes— not often. For I vrish to awaken no curiosity or comment. Besides, you have to work for your own livelihood. "Until such time as jbu . procure employ ment I am willing to make you an allowance, conditional on your leaving the child to my guardianship. I am willing also to provide for his education. -If you have any leal re gard for his \Velfare you w'll! agree to this." "I cannot help agreeing." I sold gratefully. "It Is most kind, iriost generous. I only wonder why you shoulfl do all this for a stranger." , , ' "Say a fellow victim," she Interposed. "The scheme I built up has fallen all to pieces, but arother has arisen In Its place. I want an object, an Interest, and this young froth- lite will glve it me." ' I looked at her and then at the babe on my kree.- It seemed impossible to associate the one with the other. As .1 looked I noted the cause of change In her. The loose flowing hair was colled ond twisted round her head. She had lost much of the weird appearance so characteristic of her. There was some thing more human, more womanly about. her, and I felt less afraid of possible eccentricities, on her part In time to come. Had the child worked this magic iri her, even as it had brok en up the hard crust of misery and hatred about my own heart? What magic lay in his helpless Innocence, iri the light and smile of his eyes? (to be continued.) Mr. John Kldd, M.L.A., has obtained from the Governinent a special grant of £109 for the Camden A. and H. Society for the erec tion of an ornamental poultry pavilion. Stockholm has more telephones than any other Euorpean elty. It Is stated that the central station has about 109,000 calls a day. or about one for every three persons In the City. :! I 