FUNNY BITS. He: I always take the pains to deny the statement that women can’t throw straight She: That is noble of you, my dear. He: Yes ; I have to remember with what ac- oitmto and effective aim you threw your self it mo. McJiggdr: You say ho lost all the money ho Imd ? Thingumbob: Every penny. Mo- Jigger : How did he manage that Thing umbob, grimly: By his speeuhitious. Mc ,Jigger r So? Well, in the first place/ how did he get any money to lose that way? T'hingunib -lj Ry his peculations. The man was sitting on the front steps of his house at 3 o'clock in tiho morning :l$ the pol’cem in earn.- by and noticed him Hollo ! exclaimed the startled guardian of. the peace, wliat are you doing there? and 1lc drew netyr cautiously. Sitting hero responded the man. Wliat are you sitting there for? It is my house, and I’ve got'a right to, haven’t I? Gh, excuse me, apol ogised the policeman, coming closer, X didn't recognise you. What’s the matter? Lost your latchkey? No, very curtly. Forgot it when you came out? No. Af raid of disturbing somebody that’s ill if you knock? No. Waiting for the milk man, perhaps? ventured the policeman, taking another tack- No, shorter than over. Want to get in early to breakfast-, perhaps No. Sitting liore to get cool before going to bed likely, and the police man chuckled? No, Are you- ’’ began the policeman, when the man interrupted him. Stop! he said. Must I reveal to you the sacred secrets of my household? No, said the policeman, almost as shortly as the man said it. Must I communicate to you my domestic infelicities. No. Nurse—Yog are quite right', mum, ’e is a fine boy, and there ain’t a doubt about it , it’s that there paralysed milk what’s done it. Latest News from the Front,—Several officers have -been heard to declare that they would, sooner be Court-Martialled than Field-Marshalled. Clergyman—The prayers of the congre gation are desired for So-and-so and So rnd-so. also for a family now crossing the Atlantic, and other sick persons. P,rorBoor Orator —Yus, an/ I toll yer the day ain’t fur off when the' British lion will ’ave ter lie dalm .with the Boer lamb beside of ’im. Patriotic Navvy— Gnrn 1 ’E’ll lie dalm with the bloomin’ iamb inside of ’im! At a recent examination in a Board school one bf Her Majesty’s inspectors was examining a class of small girlsj .to whom ho put the following question: Wily is it that only the Queen’s head appears on the penny? Imagine his surprise when one of the smaller girls hold up her hand and •said: Please, sir, ’cos there’s no room for her feet. The Now Dodfcor—Well, Mhc, how is the little girl’s arm going on? Maer- Weel, sir,, my gudewife says it’s looking just fine whaur you tattooed it. • . Gabby—’Arf a crown! Bless ’er ’oart! I thought they was all in South Africa. Blowed if this ain’t, tlip first Tve seen since the hoflicer gents went away! . ' Maud—Why has Lilian given up wear ing- rational* bicycling costume? Did George object? Ethel—Oh, no. Ho sold that he approved of it, Because it wou’ul prevent her attracting any other man’s iicl miration; All the crew had been saved,, but one poor fellow was brought ashore uncon scious. The local curate, turning to the bystanders, . said—“How do you usually proceed in the case of one apparently drowned?” “Search his pockets,” answer ed one of the crowd. Jonkim>—Hallo, Thompson, I see you've altered the name of your house to Mar king. Whet’s the reason ? Thnnps m - Deuced good one. Haven’t I be«n h< U ing out against the Boer rates sm-ce last October, and haven’t surrendered yet! ; ' Bunting (to undir.innd you secured the discharge of Constable O'Brien for sleeping on duty, That Was right. Constable Mulcahy—Yis S’*rr. Ye;, see, me an’ O’Brien had a luce comer to go to shlnpe in ivery height;, but O’Brien snored thot loud Oi . cuddcnt shlape at all, so Oi reported him. Aunt (severely)—As I glanced into the drawing-rooom last evening 1 saw you with a young man’s arm round you." .Niece (calmly;—"i'es, i was wan ing for you to pass , the door and see us. Young men are very slippery nowadays, and one can’t have too many witnesses. ! Some time ago a ploughman was re turning from church with the minister. After speaking on various subjects, the minister said—Now* John, can you tell me what is sharper than a two-edged sword / Weei, replied, the piougliman, i should think that would be my strife’s tongue.- If we wait any longer we shall miss the | train, she said, impatiently. We’ve been waiting for a good many minutes for that mother of mine. Hours, X should say 1 he replied, somewhaft acrimoniously. Ours ! cried she, rapturously. Oh, George 1 this is so suddepl Then she fell upon Ills I nock. I During practice with the' electric search light at a north country town, the illu minating rays frequently fell on the shop window of a butcher.. The tradesman was asked one night how ho liked it. Aa div vc-nt care, said he, sa long as the leet I keeps on the signboard, ’caas it’s a, good | advartisement; but when the beggar leets up the tilings lyin’ in the windy, Aa’s , afeared the customers can. see aal the [ bread in the sausages, i Hold on! said. Brown to an acquaintance the other morning, I want to speak to you. Soxry, said the other, but, really, old man X must hurry on to the office. Can’t wait a minute. You don’t mean to say, said [Brown, that you have.business enough to 'put you in such a hurry? Business! Who said anything about business? There are four of us in the office, and at present only three stpols. If I don’t get down there at once I shall have to stand up”all day. .Ta, ta! ’ / ' , At a school the other day, a teacher, having asked most of his pupils the differ ence between an island and a peninsula without receiving a satisfactory answer, came to the last boy. I can explain it, .sir,- said the bright youth. First get two glasses; fill one with water and the oilier } with milk. Then catch a fly and place it in the class of water. That fly is on island, because it is entirely surrounded I by water. But now place the fly in the ! glass of milk and it will be a peninsula, because it is nearly surrounded by water. The boy went to the top of the class. A tradesman in a Mid-Lanarkshire town was arraigned before one of the local mag istrates on the charge of cutting down a | tree situated in the back garden of the house which he tenanted without having obtained the consent of the landlord. The Bailie, who was on the bench clianced to be a pompous, self-opinionated old gentle man, whose legal knowledge was almost nil, yet who was so fond of hearing him self speaking that he could not resist the opportunity of lecturing', the unlucky per sons who were brought before him. Wliat wey did ye cut doon the tree? the magis-' trate inquired sharply, addressing the ac cused. The tree was quite deid an’ rot ten ever sfn’ I cam’ to the hoos’e, ah’, Os it spiled' the look of the gairdeu, I cut it dopn. Besides, I didna’ ken it was ony hairm, or I wad hao let it alone. That’ll ho’ dae, ray-man, said the Bailie severely. Ye say ye didna’ ken that it was wrong, but ignorance o’ the law is nae excuse for onv man.” Weel, BaUie,; replied the cid prit gravely, but-witli the ghost of a sly, humorous. twin kle in his oyo,if;ihafc!s the case, it’s, gey hard ; on the baith o' us! ’ ■ 