WHAT IS UNSOUND MINDT Is a man (writes the "Daily NewsI' of the 27th October) who sees illusory rabbits running in his garden, horses' head.a shaking at the end of his bed, anti. cowns wandering anbout a picture neces sarily incompetent to execute Ia will t That is one point at issue in a case con cerning thle \\\ill of the late Mtr Roibert Kay Whitehead, a 2lanchestter bleacher who left L300,0100, whictl ibegatn before Sir F. Jeune yesterday. The otlher point Is alleged undue influence. T\\\'o of Tt Whitehcad's nephtews, a doctor and n stocklroker, namned Scott, tpropound a. will of Stptlmber 1RI4. Other ntephewsl named Whlitethead and Airs l'SKeand,'.a relative, oppose. Mr Whitehead camte of a rich family who had been Manchester blcatchers for two ilundred years. Itn 1867 he retiredl and looked after his estate and his plc tures by Sidney Cooper and Correggio at Clively ilank, For mantny yearns li had ill-health, and took all sorts of pa tent meditint-,s, one on top of the other. bhides consulting tnlny doctors. II 1887 he was stricken with intluenza. In1 1894 pneumonllia seizedt hitn. After that he saw ghosts. There were rabbits in his shrubbery, and he ilnagtiind he sawr them rtnning about in scornes. T',- RdI ney Cooper cows useod to t .,,ttt about the canvas until Itr ttlte'Chead put hil. hand on . 11,tettteantt ittpt th ttt S il. He was so contiinletnd that \atetr wans dripping from the ceiling that he used to put blotting ipaer on tit n etlrpet anti. pick it upl dry. lie mistook the bedpostst for prancing steeds, and fancied he saw a man standlng in tile gardenl when not man was there. lie investigated things, satisfied himself he was the subject oa optical illusions, and consulted a doctor on thIe point. About the salne time he made the disputed will, by which he L15,000 totchlant., .tla itet IPVIt trn-'1s Scott, hiis only surviving sister. 11I itnagined he was beintg polsoned, and in d'*r ? nqluiry in lunacy resulte?d in the after hittnrlf. Ifuas callable of looking shiould adlltiistert his est , commaittee him L2500 a year. Thei case has Myolt' settled. 