SECOND DAY. On Tuesday afternoon the Convention was continued under the presidency of Mr. Watsford. After a hymn had been sung and prayer had been offered by the Eev. J. Woodhouse and the Chairman had made a few introductory remarks, Eev. George Lane was introduced by Mr. Watsford as one who 42 years ago knelt by the side of his own boy seeking the Saviour. Mr. Lane said that the Eevs Thomas Angwin and John Wats ford were his spiritual fathers. As a church they had put their hands to a great work, to raise a large sum of money to relieve their burdened churches and to extend the kingdom of Christ. But they were now putting their hands to a still greater work, which might result in spiritual power and con version of souls more precious far than any sum possible to be raised. What were 50,000 guineas compared with the worth even of a single soul ? The Scripture promised larger blessiDgs than they had ever yet received. ' Not by might nor by power, but by My Spirit, saith the Lord.' That was just as true as in the days of the ancient prophets. The great work of building the spiritual temple was altogether de pendent upon the agency of the Holy Ghost. They were to-day with their fine buildings and ornate services and multiplied organisations in danger of forgetting their dependence on the Holy Ghost. 'A clean heart and a converted world ' was the maxim of their Metho dist forefathers. The pure in heart would not only see God but also the extension of God's cause. They owed a duty to the times and to their young nation. The character of their future nation would be largely decided by the Christians of to-day. Their influence as a Church in the past had been greater than in their propor tion to the population. This was due to the intense spiritual life and the revivals graciously granted by God to their forefathers. And to-day their greatest necessity as preachers and workers was the power of the Holy Ghost. By means of a most iuteresting re ference to Dr. Fitchett's history of the Battle of Waterloo, Mr. Lane illustrated the truth that in their work for God, and in their struggle against evil and worldliuess, God would sometimes lead them into positions requiring the most stubborn courage and unflinching faith. Only the mighty power of the Holy Spirit could sustain them in such con flicts and give them victory. They needed ' the live coal ' and the Divinely sanctifying touch to qualify them. All their powers should be consecrated and used in the service of God. He designed them to be all filled with the Holy Ghost. Then would they be the means of conveying great blessing to the Churches and people around them. Another hymn was sung, and Eev. E. Bavin spoke upon the effects of the indwelling of the Spirit in the indi vidual believer, and gave some account of the gracious influence of the Spirit of God in connection with the services and meetings held during the past year throughout the colony in connection with the Century Commemoration movement. At the request of the Chairman, the Eev. W. Y. Blackwell, M.A., of Mel bourne, related his own experience as an illustration of the effect of the indwell ing of the Holy Spirit on ministerial life. It was a simple narration, but it roused in the audience a desire to 'covet earnestly the best gifts,' and at the close several persons raised their hands as an indication of their determination to claim , now the fulfilment of the ' promise of the Father.' An adjournment then took place, and a social hour was spent, tea being pro vided on the premises. The Eev. F. C. Boyer led the interval meeting from 6.45 to 7.30. 