Tbe Curse of the Afes. • [BT A BANKER.] Erom the very earliest stages of the world's history, back even to that littleknown period before the flood, the fermented juice of the grapo bae been used and, unfortunately, abused—by mankind 88 a beverage. The first mention in al history of wine is unhappily a record of the abuse of tbe intoxicating fluid by Noah, who, though a preacher of righteousness, to bis lasting ebame succumbed to its seductions. And, throughout the chronicles of the world's annals, ever repeated instances occur of men, notable in all the varied walks of life, even great rulers, statesmen, poets, warriors, artists, who, Bgainst their better judgment, have voluntarily ell owed themselves to be enslaved and ruined by the madly insen Bate craving for strong drink. From Alexander the Grrnt, who, though conqueror of the world, could not conquer himself, to the barbarian savage who drinbs himself insensible with kava or arrack, trie career of untold millions has been blasted by the blighting effects of the abuse of alcohol; and although the British Empire, thnnfes to the work of Temperance Societies, and also of the nbiquitous Salvation Army, the prevalence of drnnkenne8s amongst the masses has during the pa6t two decades very materially decreased, yet on the continent generally the opposite bas been tbe case. And when we read of tbe numerous chrRiicals which exist in wines we cannot be surprised at its strange effects on the human frame. For it is said to contain no less thin twelve different acids, amongst them being ceaanthic, propionic, butyric, acetaldehyde, succinic, glycolic, racemic, and other barbaricaliy named acids, besides a formidable array of other drugs, minerals, oxides, ethyls, glutens, extractives, and gages. No wonder that a considerable dose of this mixture causes a disturbance of tbe cerebral and muscular powers. And whet a degrading and contemptible spectacle does ho, by courtesy called a man, present, who having gradually become more and more enslaved by the low vice, at length reaches the dreadful stage of trembling delirium. By day in a tremulous state of abject misery and wretchedness, feoling all manner of disasters and calmities, and perhaps thinking tbat every individual entering bis room is an undertaker come to measure him for his coffin ; and by night is even in a far worso state of apprehensive terror, thinking his chamber is full of dreadful hobgoblins waiting to carry him off, and that Bbadowy ghosts and hideous Bpsctres are hovering about him, while other chimeras of a disordered brain continue to add to tbe terror until he fancies himself veritably shut up in the place of torment. And BO the wretched drunkard goes down to his dishonored grave to await the dread Judgment Day, morally and physi caily a wreck, mourned by none, and an utter disgrace to humanity. And yet, bad he but sought strength from on high from Him who never refuses any tbat come to Him, to combat and resist tbe evil habit which has gradually dragged him down to perdition, be would bave lived honored and respected, and would have bad tbe added pleasure of knowing ihit his future in the spirit-world would be a life of ecstatic pleasure, and bright, glorious felicity. 