RELIGIOUS. BEYOND DELIVERANCE. A SERMON BY REV. DR. TALMAGE. "Beware lest He take thee away with His stroke: then a great ransom cannot deliver thee."— Job xxxvi. 18. I propose to show you that sometimes God sud- denly removes from us our Gospel opportunities, and that when He has done so our case is ransom less. 1\. Sometimes the stroke comes in the removal of Die intellect. "Oh I" says some man, "as long i* I keep my mind I can afford to adjourn religion." But suppose you do not keep it ? A fever, the hurling of a missile, the falling of a brick from a scaffolding, the accidental discharge of a gun—and your mind is gone. " Oh!" says someone, "you don't know how strong a mind I have." I reply : Losses, accident, bereavement, and sickness may shipwreck the best physical or mental condition. There arc those who have been ten years in the lunatic asyhuys who had as good.v mind as you. While they had thjrir minds they neglected God, and when their intellect went, with it went their last opportunity. Now they arc not responsible for what they do, or for what they say; but in the last day they will be hold responsible for what tbey did when they were mentally well; and if on that day a soul should suy, "Oh, God, I was demented, and I had no responsibility," God will Bay, "Yes, you were demented; but there were long years when you wctc not demented. That was your opportunity, and you missed it." Oh, better be, as the Scotch sny, a little "daft," nevertheless having grace in the heart; better be like poor Richard Hampson, the 1 Coinish fool. A silly man he was, yet bringing souls to Jesus Christ by BCoreß and scores—giving an account of his own conversion, when he said: "The mob got after me, and I lost my hat, and I climbed up by a meat-stand, in order that I might not be trampled under foot; and while I was there, my heart got on fire with love towards those who were chasing me, and, springing to my feet, I began to exhort and to pray." Oh 1 my God, let me be in the last day the Cornish fool, rather than have the best intellect unillumined by the Gospel of Jesus 1 I know a good many of my friends who are put ting off religion until the last hour. They say, when they get sick they will attend to it, but generally the intellect is beclouded; nnd, oh, what a doleful thing it is to stand by n dying bed and talk to a man about his soul, and feel, from what you see of the motion of his hand, and the glare of his eye, and from what you hear of the jargon of bis lips, that he does not understand what you are saying to him. I have stood beside the deathbed of a man who had lived a sinful life, and was as unprepared for eternity as it is possible for a man to be, and I tried to make him understand my pastoral er rand ; but all in vain. lie could not understand it, and so he died. Oh! ye who are putting off until the sick hour preparation*for eternity, let me tell you that in all probability you will not be able in your last hour to attend to it at all. There are a great many people who say they will repent on the deathbed. I have no doubt there are many who have repented on the deathbed, but I think it is the exception. Albert Barnes, who was one of the coolest of men, and gave no rash statistics, p.iid thus: that in a ministry of nearly half-a-eentury—he was over 70 when he went up to glory—he l»ad known a great many people who said they repented on the dying bed, but, unexpectedly to themselves, got well; and he says, "How many of those, do you suppose, who thought it was their dying bed, and who, after they repented on that dying bed, having got well, lived consistently, showing that it was real re pentance, and not mock repentance—how many? Not one I not one!" 9\. This stroke may come to you in the withdraw al of God's Spirit. 1 see people before me who were, twenty years ago, serious about their souls. They are not now. They hare no interest in what I am saving. Their time seems to have pawed. I know a man, 75 years of age, who in early life be ' came almost a Christian, but grieved away the Spirit of God, and he has never thought earnestly since, and' cannot be roused. I do not 'believe he will be until eternity flashes on Ids vision. It does sown us if sometimes, in quite early life, the Holy Spirit moves upon a heart, and being gTieved away and rejected, never comes back. You say that is all imaginary. A letter, the address of which 1 will not give, dated last Monday morn ing, came to me on Tuesday, saying this: " Your sermon last night (that is, last Sabbath night) did not fll my case, although I believe it did all others in the Academy; but your sermon of a week ago did lit niy case, for I am ' past feeling.' lam not ashamed to be 4 Christian. I would as soon be known to be v Christian as anything else. In deed, 1 wish I were, bat I have not the least power to become one. Don't you know that with some persons there is a tide in their spiritual natures which, if taken at the flood, leads on to salvation? Such a tide I felt two years ago. I want you to pray for me, not that I may be led to Christ—for that prayer would not be answered—but that 1 may be kept from the temptation to suicide." What I had to say to the author of that I said in a private letter ; but what I have to say to this audience is, Deware lest you grieve the Holy Ohost, and He be gone, and never return. Next Wednesday, at 2 or 3 o'clock, a Cunard steamer will put out from Jersey Cjty wharf for Liverpool. After it has gone one hour, and the vessel is down by the "Narrows,"* or beyond, go out on the Jersey City wharf and wave your hand, and shout, and ask that steamer to conic back to the wharf. Will it ? Yes, sooner than the- Holy Ghost will come back when once He has taken His final flight trom your soul. Will you let Him depart ? . If so, then, with ink of eternal blackness the sentence may be now writing, " Ephraim is joined to his idols. Let him alone I" That is the dead- line. Mind bow you cross it 1 " There is a line, by us unseen, That crosses every path ; The hidden boundary between God's patience and His wrath." 3\. This fatal stroke spoken of in the test may be our exit from this world. I hear aged people sometimes saying, " I can't live much longer." But do you know that there are a hundred young people and middle-aged people who go out of this life to one aged person, for the simple reason that there are not manjwaged people to leave life ? The aged seem to stand around like stalks—separate stalks of wheat at the corner of the field ; but when Death goes a-raowing, he likes to go down amid the thick of the harvest. What is more to the point, a man's going out of this world is never in the way he expects—it is never at the time he expects. The moment of leaving this world is al ways a surprise. If you expect to go in the win ter, it may be in the summer ; if in summer, it may be in the winter ; if in the night,' it may be in the daytime ; it you think* 1 to go in the day time, it may be in tbe night. Suddenly the event will rush upon you, and you will be gone. Where? I suppose every hour of the day, and now, while I am speaking, souls rush into eternity unprepared. But says someone : "I'll keep out of peril ; I will not go on the sea, I will not go into battle— I'll keep out of danger." That i 3 no defenc*. Thousands of people last night, on their couches, with their front door locked, and no armed assasin anywhere around, surrounded by all defended cir cumstances, slipped out of this life into the next. If time had been on one side of the shuttle and eternity on the Other side of the shuttle, they could not have shot quicker across it. A man waa saying, "My father was lost at sea, and ray grandfather and my great-grandfather. Wasn't it strange?" A man talking to him said, "You ought never to venture on the sea, lest you yourMlf be lost at sea." The man turned to the other and said, "Where did your father die?" He replied, "In his bed." "Where did your grandfather die?" "In his bed." "Where did your great-grandfather die?" "In his bed." "Then," he said, "be careful, lest some night, while you are asleep on your couch, you too may die there I" Horror of insecurity. Death alone is sure. If I am prepared for that cnange, I do not care where my body is taken from —at what point I am taken out of this life. If I am ready, all is well. But the most stupendous thought of my text is this: It supposes that a mnn goes tin to ruin, and that an effort is made afterwards 'for his rescue, and then says the thing cannot be done. Is that so? "Then a great ransom cannot deliver thee." I know there are people who call themselves "Restorationists," and they say that a simple man may go down in the world of tbe lost; he stays there until he gets reformed, and then coraos up into the world of light and blessedness. It seems, to. xnc to be a most unreasonable doctrine —as though the world of darkness were a place where a man could get reformed. Is there anything in the society erf the lost world—the abandoned and the wretched of God's universe—to elevate a man's character and lift Him at last to heaven? Can we M into the companionship of the Neroes, and the Herods, and the Jim Fisks, and sp<nd a certain number of years in that lost world, and then by that society be purified and lifted up? Is that the kind of society that reforms a man and prepares him for heaven? Would you go to Memphis, with the yellow fever there, to get your physical health restored? Can it be that a man may go down into the diseased world—a world overwhelmed by an epidemic of transgressions—and by that process, and in that atmosphere, be lifted up to health and glory? Your common sense say? "No!" And what your common sense sriys, the Bible reaffirms. Sometimes men are sentenced to imprisonment for life. There comes another Judge on the bench, there comes another governor in the chair, and in three or four years you find the man who was sen tenced for life, in the street. You say, "I thought you were sentenced for life." "Oh!" he says, "poli tics are changed, and I am now a free man." But it will not be so for a soul at the last. There will be no new Judge or new Governor. "These shall* go away into everlasting punish ment, while the righteous go into life eternal." Are there two destinies? and must all this audi ence share one or the other? Shall I give an ac count for what I have told you to-night ? Mtat I meet this dring but immortal auditory there T I wish that my text, with its uplifted hands of warning, could come upon your souls. " Bewmrt lest He take thee away with His stroke ; then & great ransom cannot deliver thee." Glory be to God, there is a ransom that can deliver you. ChdM came to save all who will believe in Him. Do you hear that ? That is your hope, sinner. That is your raii3oni from sin, and death, and hell. Accept Jesus Christ! I have told you all these things plainly and frankly, because I know there is re demption for you, and I would have you now come and get it. Oh, weep now, while Jesus will count the tears. Sigh now in repentance, while Jesus will hear the grief. Now clutch the cross of the Son of God before it be swept away. Beware, tart the Holy Spirit leave thy heart. Bewarfc, lest thi* night thy soul be required of thce. " Beware, kftt He take thee away with His stroke : then a grot ransom cannot deliver thee." 