THE IKON HEARTED CITY. ALL RIGHTS-RESERVED. BY E. PHILLIPS, OPPENHEIM. CHAPTER I. A little party "of men and women on bicy cles were pushing their machines up the steep nscent which formed the one street of a Cumcbrland hillside village. It was a Sunday morning, and the place was curi ously empty. Their little scraps of gay con versation and laughter— .they were men and women of the smart world— seemed to strike almost a pagan note in a deep Sabbatical stillness. Tliey passed the .wide open doors of a, red brick chapel,, and several of the worshippers within turned their heads. As the last two of tlie party went by, the scrap ings of a, harmonium, ceased, and a man's voice came travelling put to them. The lady rested upon her host's arm. "Listen." she whispered. ITcr host, Lord of the Manor, Lord-Lieu tenant of the county,tand tenth Earl of Cumberland, paused' readily enough, and lenned his machine against a kerbstone. Bicycling was by no means a favorite pur suit of his, and the morning was warm. "Dear lady," he murmured, "shall we go a little nearer and listen to the words of grace? Anything for a short rest." She leaned her own bicycle against the wall. From where she was she could catch a sideway glinipsc of a tall, slight figure standing up before the handful of people. "I should like to go inside," she said, in differently. "Would they think it an in trusion?" "Certainly not," he answered, with visions of a chair before him. "As, a mat ter of fact, I have a special invitation to be come a member of that- flock— temporally, at any rate." _ "What do you mean?" she asked. "The land here," he .answered, "is not en tailed, and tliey are very anxious to buy this little bit, and own their chapel. I had a letter from a worthy farmer and elder, Gideon Strong, on the matter yesterday. He wound up by expressing a wish that I might join them in their service one morning. There is their service, and here are we. Come." They crossed the street, and, to tlie ob vious amazement of tbe-little congregation, stood in the doorway. A gaunt shepherd, with weather marked face and knotted fin gers, handed them clumsily a couple of oliairs. Some of the small fanners rose and made a clumsy obeisance to their tem poral lord. Gideon Strong, 6 feet 4 inches, with great unbent shoulders und face as hard as the rocks amongst which he had lived all his days, frowned them down, nnd showed no signs of their, presence. Else where lie would have been one of the first, proud man though lie was, to stand bare headed before the owner of his farm and half a county, but in the house of God, hum ble little building though it was, he reck oned all men equal. Praying silently before them, on the eve of his first sermon, a young man was kneel ing. He had seen nothing of these new comers, but of a sudden, as lie knelt there, his thoughts nnd sensations in strange con fusion, himself half in revolt against what lay before him, there floated up the little aisle an exquisite perfume of crushed violets, nnd he heard the soft rustling of a gown which was surely worn by none of tnese who were gathered together prepared to lis ten to him. He opcncd his eyes involuntar ily, and met the steady gaze of the lady whose wliim it had been to enter the place. He had never seen lier before, nor anyone like her. Yet lie felt tliat in her presence the task which lay before him had become immegsurably more difficult. She was a type to him of all those tilings, the memory of which he had been strenuously trying to put away from' him, the beautiful, the worldly, the joyous. As lie rose slowly to his feet he looked half despairingly around. It was a stern religion which they loved, this handful of weatlier.beaten farmers and their underlings. Their womenkind were made as unlovely as possible, with flat hair, sombre and ill-made Cldthes. .Thbir ,sur-- rbiindinga were whitewas'hed anil lext-huhg walls, and in their hearts was the love for narrow ways. He gave out his text slowly and with heavy heart. He paused, and glancing oripc more round tlie little 'building met again the soft, languid file of those full, dark eyes. This time he did not look away. He saw a faint inter est, a slight pity, a background of non chalance. His cheeks flushed, nnd the fire of revolt leaped through his veins., He shut up the Bible, and abandoned his carefully prepared discourse, in which wds a mention of hell fire, and many gloomy warnings, which would have brought joy to the heart of Gideon Strong, and to each one of which he would slowly and approvingly have nod ded his head. He delivered instead, with many pauses, but in picturesque ond even vivid language, a long and close account of the miracle with which his text was con cerned. In tlie midst of it there came from outside the tinkling of many bicycle bells — the rest of the party had returned in search of their host and his companion. The Earl looked up with alacrity. He was nicely rested now, and wanted a cigarette. "Shall we go?" lie whispered. She nodded, and rose. At the door she turned for a moment and looked backwards. The preacher was in the midst of an elabor ate and painstaking sifting of evidence as to the season of the year during which this particular miracle might be supposed to have taken place. Again their eyes mot for a moment, and she went out into the sun light with a faint smile upon her lips, for she was a woman who loved to feel herself an influence, and she was swift to under stand. To her it was an episode of the morning's ride, almost forgotten at dinner time. To him, it marked the boundary lime between the old things and the new. CHAPTER II. He lay back in n corner seat of tlio car riage, panting, white faced, exhausted. His clumsy boots, studded with nails, were wet, and liis frayed black trousers were splashed with mud. In his eyes was the light of vivid fear, his delicate mouth was twitching still with excitement. In his ears there rang yet the angry cry of the guard, the shouting of porters, tnc excitciiieuu ui liuh, through the hastily opened carriage door, tingled' yet in his veins. Before his eyes there was a mist. He was conscious indeed that the carriage which he had marked out as' being empty was tenanted by ,a single person, biit lie had not even glanced across towards the occupied seat. What mattered it so long as they were off. Already the fields seemed flying past the window nnd the telegraph posts had commenced their frantic race. Ten, twenty forty miles 'an hour at least. Off on that wonderful run, the pride of the directors and the despair of rival companies. Nothing could stop them now, all slower traffic stood aside to let them pass, the express, with her two great engines vomiting (ire and smoke, crawling across the map, flying across brid ges and through tunnels from the heart of the country to the great city. Gradually, and with the. exhilaration of their ever in creasing speed, the courage of the man re vived and the blood flowed once more warmly through liis veins. He lifted his head and looked around him. Shock the first came when lie realised that ho was in a first class carriage — shock the second, when he saw that his solitary companion was a lady. With steadfast, fascinated eyes, he took in the details of her appearance and suroundings — wonderful enough to him who had been brought up in a cottage, and to whom the ways and re sources of luxury were all unknown. Every seat save the one which he occupied was covered with her belongings. On one was a half opened dressing case filled with gold topped bottles and emitting, a faint deli cate perfume; on . another was a pile of books and magazines, opposite to him a sable lined' coat, by his side a luncheon bas ket and. long hunting knife. Then his eyes were caught by an oblong strip of paper pasted across the carriage window — he read it backwards— engaged. Wliat.an intrusion! He looked towards the woman' with stammering words". of apology upon- his lips, but the words died away; he was tongue-tied.. . \ He had met the languid gaze of her dark, full eyes, a little supercilious, a . .little amused, faintly curious, and his own fell at once before their calm insolence. She. was handsomely dressed, the delicate white hand which held her novel wa's ablaze with" many and wonderful rings. She was evi: dently tall, without doubt stately. Her black liair, parted in the middle, drooped a little to the'" side by licr cars, her com plexion, delightfully clear, was of a curious ivory pallor unassociatcd with ill health. She was regarding him through a pair of ivory handled lorgnettes, which she careless ly closed us he looked towards her. "Will you tell me," she asked, quietly, "why you have entered my carriage, which is engaged— and in such an extraordinary manner,. too?". . , . He drew a little breath. He had .never heard a voice like it before, soft, musical, and with the . slightest suggestion of a foreign accent. Then he remembered that she1 was Waiting for an answer. He began liis apology, "I am sorry, indeed, I nm very sorry. I had no time td look inside, and 1 thought it was an empty carriage— a third class one, too. It was very stupid." "You appeared to' be," she remarked, "in a hurry." The faint note of humor in her tone passed undetected by him. "I wanted t-i get away," he said. "I had walked 14 miles, and there was no other train. I am very sorry to intrude upon you. The train was' moving when I reached the platform, and I jumped.", Slie shrugged lier shoulders slightly, and raised her book once more. But from over its top' she found herself watching very soon the strange travelling companion of hers. The trousers above his clumsy boots were frayed and muddy, his black clothes were shiny and antiquated in cut— these and his oddly arranged white tie somehow suggested tho cleric. But when she reached his face her eyes lingered there. It puzzled, and in a sense attracted her. His features were cleanly cut nnd prominent, his com plexion was naturally pule, but wind and sun had combined to stain his cheeks with a slight healthy tan. His eyes were deep set. keen and bright, the eyes of a visionary perhaps, but afire now wjtli the instant ex- citement oi 1 living, a strange taco lor a man of his apparently humble origin. Whence had he come, nnd where was he going? The vision of his face as he had leaped into the carriage floated again .be fore her eyes. Surely behind him were evil things, before him— what? She took up her novel again, but laid it down almost imme diately. "You are going," she asked, "to Lon don?" "To London," ' he repeated, dreamily. "Yes."- "But your luggage — was that left be hind?" lie smiled. "f have no luggage," he said. "You are going up for the day only?" she hazarded. He shook his head. There was a note of triumph almost in his tone. "I am going for good," lie said. "If wishes count for anything 1 shall never set foot within this county again." There was a story, she felt sure, connected with this strange fellow passenger of hers. She watched him thoughtfully. A human document such as this was worth muny novels. It was not the first time thut he had excited her interest. "London," she said, "is a wonderful place for young men." He turned a rapt face towards lier. The fire seemed leaping out of his eyes. "Others have found it so," lie said. "I go to prove their words." "You are a stranger there, then?" . "I have never been further south than this in my life," lie replied. "I know only the London of De Quinccy and Lamb— Lon don with the halo of romance around it." She sighed gently. "Vmi will finrl if. nil crt rliflrnrnnf " cho said. "You will be bitterly disappointed." lie set liis lips firmly together. "I have no fear," he said. "I shall find-, it possible to live there, at any rate.;' If I, bad stayed— where I was— I must have-gone, mad." . "You are going to friends?" slie asked. He laughed softly. "I have not a friend in the world," he said. "In London I do not know a soul. What matter? There is life to be lived there, prizes to be won. There is room for everyone." She half closed lier eyes, watching him keenly all the time with an interest which was certainly not diminished. "London is a wonderful city," she said, "but she is not always kind to the stranger. You have spoken of De Quinccy, who wove fairy fancies about her, and Lamb, who was an affectionate stay-at-home, a born dweller in cities. They were .dreamers, both these men. What about Gh'atterton?" "An unhappy exception," lie said. "If only, lie had lived a few months longer his sorrows would have been over." "To-day," she said, "there are many Cliat- tcrtons, who must die before the world will listen to them. Are you going to take your place amongst them?" He smiled confidently. "Not I," he answered. "I shall work with my hands if men will have none of my bruins. Indeed," lie continued, turning to wards her with a swift, transfiguring smile, "I am not a village prodigy going to London with a pocketful of manuscripts. Don't think that of me. I am going to London be cause I have been stifled and choked; I want room to breathe; to see men and wo men who live. Oh. you don't know the sort of place I have come from, the brain poison of it; the hideous sameness and narrowness of it all." "Tell me a little," she said, "and why at last you made up your mind to leave. It is not so long, you know, since I saw you in somewhat different guise." A quick shiver seemed to pass through him, underneath his tanned skin lie was pale, and the blood in liis veins was cold. His eyes, fixed upon the flying landscape, were set in a fixed unseeing stare; surely the fields were peopled with evil memories, and faces in the trees were mocking him. So he remained lov. several moments as though in the grip of a nightmare, and the lady watch ed him. There was a little tragedy then be hind. "There was a man once," he said, "who drew a line through his life, and said to him self itliat even-thing behind it concerned some other person, not him. So with me. Such memories as I have; I shall strangle. To-day I commence a new fife." She sighed, "One's past," she said, "is not always so easily to be disposed of. There are gho3ts which will haunt us, nnd sometimes the ghosts are living figures." . "Let tliem come to me," he murmured, "and my fingers shall be upon their throats. I want no such legacies." She shook her head slowly. ''Ghosts," she said,' with a faint smile, "are sometimes very difficult people to deal with." CHAPTER III. . Through the heart of England fhe express tore on — through town and country, under neath the earth and across high bridges. All. the while the man and woman talked. To him slie was a revelation. Every moment of his life had been spent in a humdrum se clusion — every moment of hers seemed to have been lived out of its limits in those worlds of which he had barely even dreamed. She was older than he had thought her; 30 perhaps, or 31, and her speech and gestures every now and then had a foreign flavor. She talked to him of countries which in his furthest ambitions he had scarcely dared hope to visit, and of men and women whose names were as household words. She spoke of them with an ease and familiarity which betokened close acquaintance — talking to him with a certain mixture of kindness and reserve, as though he were some strange creature who .had had the good fortune to interest her for a moment, but from whom at any time she might draw aloof. - Every word she spoke he hung upon. He had come out into the world to seek, for adventures, not indeed in the spirit of the modern Don Quixote tingling only for new sensations to stimulate, but with the- more robust and breezy spirit of his ancestors, peeking for a fuller life and n healthy excitement, even at the cost of bard -blows and many priva tions. Surely this was an auspicious start — an adventure this, indeed; During a momen tary silence she looked across at liirn with genuine. curiosity, herSyes half closed, lier brows knitted. .JVhat enthusiasm! She was not a vain woman, and she knew that her personality had little, if nnything. to do' with the flush upon his checks and the bright light in his eyes. She herself, a much- travelled, a learned, a brilliant, even a fam ous, woman, had become only lately con scious of her certain jaded weariness in lier outlook upon life: Even the list bad be gun to pall, the sameness of it had com menced its fatal work. More than once lately a touch of that heart languor, which is the fruit of surfeit, had startled her by its numbing and depressing effect. Here at least was' a new type, a. man with clean pages before him, young", emotional, with out a doubt intellectual. Rut for his aw ful clothes he was well enough to look upon, lie had no affectations, his instincts were ap parently correct. His manners were lioy- denish, but there was nothing of the clown about him.' She asked him a direct ques tion concerning himself. "Tell me," she said, "what you really are. A worker, a student — or have you a trade?" He flushed up to his brows. "I was brough up," ho said, in q low tone, "for the ministry. It was no choice of mine. I had an uncle and guardian, who ruled our household as lie ruled everybody nnd everything with which he cnmc in con tact." She was puzzled. To her the word sound ed political. "The Ministry?" "Yes. You remember where you first saw me? It was my first appearance. I was' to have been chosen pastor of that chureli." "Oh!" She looked at him now with something like amazement. This then accounted for the 8ombreness of his clothes and his little strip of white tie". She had only the vaguest ideas as to the conduct of those various sects to- be met with in English vil lages, but she had certainly believed that the post of preacher was filled indifferently by any.meniber of tho congregation, and she looked upon his presence in the pulpit on that last Sunday as an accident. To asso ciate him with such an occupation perman ently seemed to her little short of the ridiculous. She laughed softly, showing for the first time her brilliantly white teeth, and his cheeks were stained with scarlet. "I do not know why ypu laugh," lie said, with a note of fierceness in his tone. "It is the part of my life which is behind me. I was brought up to it, and traditions are hard to break away from. I have been obliged to live in si little village, to constrain my life between the narrowest limits, to watch ignorance, and suffer prejudices , as deeply rooted as the hills. But, all the same, it is nothing to laugh at.. The thing itself is great and good enough — it is the people who are so 'hopeless. No, there is nothing to laugh at," he cried, with a sudden little burst of excitement; "but may God help the children whose eyes he lias opened, and who yet have, to pass their lives on the smallest treadmill of the world." "You," she whispered, "have escaped." "I have escaped," he murmured, with a sudden palor, "but not scatheless." There was a silence betweqn them then. She recognised that she had made a mistake in questioning him about a past , which lie had already declared hateful. Tlie terror of an hour or more ago was in liis face again. He was back amongst the shadows whence she had beckoned liini. She yawned and took up her book. They stopped at a great station, but the mail was in a brown study, and scarcely moved bis head. An angry guard came hurrying up to the window, but a few words from the lnd.v and a stealthily opened purse worked wonders. . Tliey were left undis- turbed, nnd t lie trtiin glided oil. lic l&id; down her book and spoke again. "Do you mind jiassingi my. luncheon, baskcl ?""shtf enidf, "and opening that" flask .of wine? Are you pot hungry, too?" , He shook his head, but when lio.caqip to think of it he kiieiv that lie was ravenous. She passed liim sandwiches as a matter of course-siicli simdrjches, nsji.e jiad . WYcr, eaten before, and 'wme whicli was strange to him, and which ran through his veins like warm' magic. Once more the load of evil memories seemed to pass away from liim. He was not so much at case eating and drinking with her, but she easily acquired lier fonner hold upon him. She herself, whose appetite was assumed, watched liim, and wondered more and more. Suddenly there came an interruption. The shrill whistling of the engine, the shutting off of steam, the violent application of the brake. The train came to a standstill. The man put down the window and looked out. "What is it?" she asked, with admirable noiiolialance, making no effort to leave her seat. "I think there lias been an accident to someone," he said. "I will go and see." She nodded. "Come back and tell me," she said. "My self I shall not look. I nm not fond of hor rors." She took up her book, and he jumped upon the line and made his way to where a little group of men were standing in a circle. Someone turned away with a white face as he approached nnd stopped him. "Don't look, for God's sake, don't look," lie said. "It's too awful. It isn't fit. Fetch a tarpaulin, someone." "Was he run over?" someone asked. "Threw himself from that carriage," the guard answered, moving his head towards a third class compartment, of which the door stood open. "He was dragged half a mile, and — there isn't much of him, poor devil," he added, with a little break in liis speech. "Docs anyone know who he was?" the young man asked. "No one — nor where he got in." i "No luggage?" 1 "None." The young man set his teeth and moved towards the carriage. His hand stole for a moment to his pocket, then lie seemed to picK sometning up trom tnc uusty noor. "Here's a card," he said to the guard on the scut where he ivas. . Tlie man took it and spelt the name out. "Mr. Douglas Guest," he said. "Well, we shall know who he tvas, at any rate. It's lucky you found i(, sir. Now we'll get on, if-you please." A tarpaulin covered burden u-ns carefully deposited in an empty carriage, and the littlo troop of people melted aivny. She looked up from her book as he entered-- "Well?" "It was an accident, or a suicide," lie said, gravely. "A man tlirou' himself from an empty carriage in front, and was ruii over. It M-as a horrible affair." "Do they know urho he was?" she asked. "There ivas a card found near him," ho ansM'ered. "Mr. Douglas Guest. Tliat was liis name." Was it his fancy, or did she look at liim for a moment more intently during the momentary silence which followed liis speech? It must have been his fancy. Yet her next words puzzled him. "You have not told me yet," she-said, "your oM'n name. I should like to know it." He hesitated for a moment. His OM-n name. A name to be kept, to live and. die under, the ball mark of his new identity. Hon- poor liis imagination was. Never an inspiration, and she was M'atching him. There M-as so much in a name, and he must keep' it, for Mr. Douglas Guest was dead. "My name is Jesson," he said, "Douglas Jcsson." 1 CHAPTER IV. And now the end of that journey, never altogether forgotten by cither of them, was close, at hand. Tunnels became more fre quent, the green fields gave way to an in terminable waste of houses, the gloom of the autumn afternoon was deepened. The speed of the train decreased, the heart of Douglas Jesson beat fast with anticipation. For now, indeed, he was near the end of his journey, the beginning of his new life. What matter that, the outlook from where he. sat was dreary enough. Beyond there was a' glow in the sky, beyond was an un discovered world. He «u young, and he came fresh to the fighti The' woman wli'o watched him wondered. - "Will you tell rae," she said, "now thnt you are in London, what will you do? You have money, perhaps, or will you work?" "Money!" he laughed, gaily at first, but with a chill shiver immediately afterwards. Yes, he had money. For the moment he had forgotten it. . . "I have a -small sum," lie said,, "just suf ficient to last me flntil 1 begin to earn some." s 'And you will earn money— lion-?" "Witli my pen, 1. hope," he answered, simply. "1 have sent several stories to the 'Ibex.' One they accepted, but it has not appeared yet.", "To make nioney by writing in London is very difficult, they say," she remarked. "Everything in life s difficult," he ansM-ered, confidently. "I am prepared for disappointment at first. In the end I have no fern's." She took a card from her dressing case and handed it to lii.m. "Will you come and see me?" she asked. "Thank you," he answered, hesitatingly. "I M'ill come when I have made a start." "I .know a "great many people u-ho arc literary, including the editor of the 'Ibex,' " she said. "I think if you came that I could help you." lie shook his head. "The nari'OM' u-ay for mo," lie ansuercd, smiling. "I am very anxious for success, but 1 want to win it myself." Her face u'as clouded. "You are a foolish boy," she said. "Be lieve me that I am offering you the surest path to success. London is full of young men witli talent, and most days they go hungry." He stood up, and though she M-as an noyed' the fire in Ins eyes u-as good to look upon. "I must take my place' with them," he said. "Whatever my destiuy may be I shall find it." The final tunnel, nnd they u-crc gliding into the station alongside the platform. A tall footman tliren- open the door of the carriage, and a lady's maid, u-ith a jeu-el case in lier hand, stared at him n-itlt un- disguised curiosity. The lady bade linn good-bye kindly, yet witli a note of final dismissal in her tone. He had occupied her time for an hour or two, and saved her from absolute boredom. The matter M-as ended there. Nevertheless, from a quiet corner of the station he M'atclicd her stand listless ly on the platform while her things n'cre being collected— a tall, distinguished looking figure, and very noticeable amongst the motley croM-d who M'ore streaming from the train. Once he fancied that lier eyes strayed along the way by which he had left. A moment later she M-as accosted by a man who had just driven into the station. Slie seemed to greet him without enthusiasm. He, on the other hand, was obviously u-el- coniing licr warmly. He, too, M-as tall, carefully dressed nnd u-ell groomed, middle aged, a Lvpc, he supposed, of the men of her world. There M-as a feM- minutes', conver sation, then they moved across the platform to the carriage, u-liich u-as dnnvn up wait ing. l-lo handed licr in, lingered, hat in hand, for a moment, as though hoping for an invitation to follou- lier, whieh, however, did not come! The carriage drove off, pass ing the spot where Douglas had lingered, and it seemed to liim that lier eyes, gazing languidly out of tlie window, met his, and that she started fonvnrd in her seat ns though to call liim. But the carriage re ceived no summons to stop. It rolled out of the station and turned M-cstu'ards. Douglas turned and follou-ed it on foot. (To bo Continued.) 