MANLY.-SYDNEY'S MOST POPULAR SEASIDE RESORT. : (SEE ILLUSTRATIONS ON THIS PAGE AND PAGES 32 AND 33.) The hot day«, heralding the approach of the still hotter days of veritable summer, make mind and body long for c:ol sea breezo3, foam-white beaches, and "the long wash of Australasian seas" -rall of which are to be found at Manly- Sydney's . most popular ssaslde recort; and Justly popular. In beauty, picturesqueness, and accessibility it chal lenges the world. There are places as beauti ful, and as picturesque, but they do not lie, as Manly literally does, at the front door of a great clty. Evenif it were only one beautiful beacb and pleasant town, lt, would have powerful claims to popular recognition; but Manly ls more than this. It is the key of a beautiful district and of a long line of beaches and splendid cliffs. As enjoy able and health-giving trip of less than an hour in time, and at a trivial fare, enables the Sydney citizen or visitor to reach marvellous Manly. The Sydney citizens go there in thousands, and the dwellers in ifhe heat and dust-laden interior a!eo contribute an army of visitors during the year. The visitor may come from hours, or days, or weeks. If only for a flying visit he will find a fine array of shops specially for him. If for a longer period, there are furnished or unfurnished houses and cot tages of all sizes, and at all rates, and in positions to suite everybody. He may, if he choose, sleep within a stone's throw of the spray, on the loud sounding ocean beach, or where only the long, deep voice of the ancient sea is heard, and the smoother waters of the harbor are seen. Manly invites all kinds of tastes and temperaments, and is adapted to please everybody. The trip from Sydney is in itself a treat. Points of interest are plentiful all along the route. The steamer swings and sways in the ever-restless, yet not too restless, sea at Middle Head, and soon makes way into smoother water, and in a few minutes the pier, Manly's doorstep, is reached. The inner beach, a placid place of low-lapping waves, girdled by white sand, green grass, and long lines of trees, is to our right and left. This beach ls in striking contrast to its comrade on the ocean side. The town lies between these two beaches, and the visitor has, therefore, the choice of the sea in its sterner or softer mood. If he or she desire a closer acquaintance with the cool, clear waves, bathing ls available on the ocean beach at certain hours, and on the Inner beach In well-equipped baths. This, by the way, recalls the time when the little bay contained a primitive bathing place, fenced in with tea-tree saplings. Mr. Badmtngton-perhaps the oldest re sident of Manly-remembers the simple structure, which, some forty years ago, became the wooden ancestor (in a direct line) of the commodious baths which have now been erected on each side of the bay. About forty feet by twenty, the ancestral baths, sufficed for a short time only. For Manly, even- then,.appears to have been a pleasure- loving kind-of infant, much addicted to sport, and rapidly outgrowing, the buildings provided for its accom modation. Not far from the pier Is a little park, full of sylvan shades and deep in green grass, and close beside it Is the bowling green, which is regarded with some pride by the residents of Manly. For, though the club was only started five or six years The Steamer Brighton Going. Alongside the Manly Wharf. A Gem at Narrabeen Lakes. ago, it is a most successful and "going" concern, with about 150 members. And the only things about it that are not going (just at present) are the bowls, which aro laid up in quite a temporary manner owing to the two lawns being in-a state of "top dressing." This is a mild form of the domestic earthquake known to good housewives as a "spring cleaning." But the Manly Bowling Club is so exceedingly sound in its finances that they appear to flourish like the- young green leaf which is already sprouting through its dressing. In a little gothic pavilion on the upper lawn this club . meets, after a game, to discuss the play-and ; other - ; things. Bowlers are social and hospitable folk, and the Manly Club is foremost in good play and good fellowship. For the club meets every fine after noon, and here, on pleasant summer days, they heartily welcome the stranger within their sea girt shores, Ito join them in a game of bowls in one of the best laid out lawns in the colony. The bowling green is divided by a broad path from tho cricket ground. . Near the latter is a relic of older Sydney. It began its career as "something in the Government" which does not necessarily pre-suppose that. it would-oven as a relic-continue in public life. But having finished its. career as a post office at Wynyard Square, it became out of joint with the times in conse quence of the General Post Office going in for the same business in a much bigger way, and in this condition embarked for Manly. There it was. put together again,. and ; entered into a prosperous calling as the Ivanhoe Park Hotel. Time passed away-so did the hotel. . In passing it became municipal, and evolved into a council chambers. But it is not possible for a relic to become Mayor of Manly, so there it still stands oh the edge of the cricket ground! Protesting letters that re fuse to be painted out, weakly declare it to be the "Ivanhoe Park Hotel." But this is in its private character as a relic. In its public capacity as the Manly Council Chambers there ls nothing weak about lt. For like the bowling club; this is financially strong. "In fact," says Alderman Quirk, "the council hasn't been so sound for a number of years." Then he gives a cheerful, financially successful smile, and refers the casual visitor, who may thirst for information, to one pf the old residents. Leaving the inner beach the visitor enters the Corso, a wide handsome street, planted long ago with trees which now cast a wel come 'shade down the centre of this fine thoroughfare that leads from the landing pier direct to the ocean beach. Hand some shops and hotels are ßtrongly in evidence, wherein, going br coming, the visitor cam find due comfort and sustenance. The pride of Manly ie that noble sweep, of whi'e sand which curves like a crescent', terminating in. bold cliffs washed by the broad Pacific-the Ocean Boach. Young Australia waiting for the tide to turn, young Australia building castles in the sand-according to its youthful wont-digging deep pits and inadvertently walking into the same, or paddling in the shallow backwash on, theNfirm sand, makes an ever-moving merry pic ture. Along the front aro residences and hotels, and about the latter there lingers a quiet old fashioned air reminiscent of the best class of Eng lish country inn.-"' This is delightful to a. jaded city or country visitor, but fails, of course, to keep him in bed after 6 a.m. For whatever elae he may take, there is one thing he feels-that he must take a dip in the breakera. Sometimes the breakers take him for a dip-only in play-and land him hurriedly on the shelving sand! But this is quite by the way. One of the marine pictures on Ocean Beach as yet un-kodaked-is the fashionable beauty in her elaborate bathing costume-after an unex pected wave has bowled her over like a common ninepin. She emerges a sadfaced mermaid with a melancholy ealt water drip on th© end of her póor little'nose, and a woeful flattened bathing dress that was only meant to be looked at. But SCENES I N SOUTH AFRICA. ORANGE RIVER. ' the holiday tripper is the person who cannot ge* enough of the Ocean Beach at Manly. He really is a tripper, too! Watch him paddle. He, pater familias, tucks his troupers high above his knees.. They are'his beat trousers, and he means to pro \- tèct ' them. 1'Ho plunges boldy into the foaming shallow ripples, followed by materfamilias. See her, fat, rosy, and placid, eager to conduce to the pleasures of her youthful offspring. Yes. . ;Sho, too, will paddle!" She leads them in a long ex cited line into the shallow water, TÖen, : .en-; couraged by tho offspring's joyful cries,she makes a bold advance to meet.a little wave. It is the, most harmless thing in waves, and is followed by another (much bigger) with a pale green hollow under its white crest. Stirred to emulation by. this bold advance, paterfamilias¿,determines to, outrival it, and makes a gallant "plunge forward. "Ha, ha!" eays the proud father"look where I am!" . But he is. in- so many places (and so are* the others) that it ia quite impossible for them ito admire (him: For the wave has developed into a first-class tripper, and turned the whole, family into a long roll. Over they go!-now up, now down; now high (but oh ¡ not dry) on-tihe firm sand. Matorfami".'a<3 hurriedly counts the offspring. AH right; six and one over. "Why, I counted father," says ©he, with a wet smile. "But there-he's only a child after all !V Paterfamilias is wringing himself out on the beach, and pretends not to hear. But she, good soul, is a woman of resources. "Since we're all wet through, let's have a real bathe," says ehe. Part of the old sea wall on the ocean beach has been washed away, but only to give way to another of a more durable kind. The Government is spending a large sum on a handsome sea. wall that is to extend round the bay. It has also done something else for Manly-given it a perfect sanitary system. And if there was a iault, it .was a serious one-imperfect sanitation. But since last summer Manly has wisely got rid of its old system, which was not worth having, and now boasts of a sanitary, system that is beyond criti cism. ?North of >Manly Ile several fine beaches, prac tically still in a state of. nature. The. artist, and, in .fact, any lover of beauty, can find within easy .walking distance of Manly innumerable pleasures for the^aesthetlc'sense. Northward, too, runs the Narrabeen-road-a good highway for coach, horse, bicycle, or pedestrian, and possessing many attractive -features. On the western slide of the town is a high ridge, \- and here! stands CDaJley's Castle, memorable be cause of Its association with the statesman once of that ilk. .?? It makes a handsome landmark. On close survey we see- a small cannon (slender, . sharp- nosed, and first cousin to a signal gun) frowning through the parapet of a Norman keep upon the land-locked bay and placid village ber' ¡low. .' The keep (which is semi-octagonal) stands . alone. In the same locality stands that quaint ... object, the stone kangaroo. It faces seawards, . ; with sightless eyes that cannot see the ever -changing beauty of the magnificent scene that stretches for miles on every side. And in losing these surpassing charms, and in the loss of his tail, ' the Manly kangaroo deserves much sym pathy. For about forty-three years lt has *at .upon its haunches, raised on a stone pedestal high above the village. This idea-Wke nearly everything else at that time. In (Manly--was the original property of the late Henry Gilbert Smith. , And lt is only due .to his memory, which Is much respected-to add that 'a tail was Included in the idea, and was an : adj une tr tb "the kangaroo in his intone infancy. But time and tihe ruthless band of the cheap chipper have effaced the tall. Hap pily, neither'can-vtouch the panorama-of beauty that lies below. 'Eastward, there rolls the wide Pacific. Just now it is a placid summer sea, with little ripples on its deep blue waters-little ripples that, break in a long foaming curl on the ocean »beach. A large sail creeps past In the offing; a big liner, homeward bound, sends a fine black column-like a sooty corkscrew-in a spiral puff through the clear air. And the tall pine tops near the ocean beach wave their green heads, gently it is true, but a' moment before they scar cely stlirred." The cool north-easter is sweeping across the sea, bringing with it .the sweet salt breath of the old ocean. But the kangaroo could see much more than this-if he were not such a sightless stony image.. Manly lies at his feet. ; GRAVE OF CAPTAIN FRENCH, AT GABERONE S. . ' ' (Photo, by W. Rausch, Bulawayo.) ; - *? . ?? Its trim houses and neat-gardens;- the cricket . ground; . the bowling green; and- tennis lawn, like, /green lakes "far below; the life and movement -if \- this busy-village; the blue bay, .with its yachts, and open boats, . anld the Brighton bringing in 1 ts ; complement of Sydney visitors. All this is only a brief outline of the charming scene below. Manly is to have a new steamer, which will be the largest- and most commodious that has yet beera built for this trip. The Port Jackson S S. Compány anticipate that their new steamer will carry 1000 persons easily. It is tn do the j-urney. from Sydney to Manly in less than 25 minutes, being guaranteed at löltnots an hour. The-plan on a sky-blue background-is most imposing. Amongst her other technical fascinations she will possess triple expansion engines and : powerful electric lights. And to meet the increased pas senger traffic, large alterations and improvements /with 'finé:, waiting-rooms' will » be gadded to the Manly Pier. Like the ghost of bygone steamers, , the old Phantom claims a moment's notice. How she must have lurched arid wallowed in her un wieldy" struggles..to cross the Heads- in heavy weather! But the old resident of Manly-who remembers her as past history-says that in .heavy weather she didn't struggle-she gave it up! Two or three trips a day in summer;. the same per week in winter. And in heavy weather, none. For the Phantom seems to have been haunted with the dread of her own dissolution. The Manly Infant soon outgrew such a timid servant, and cried with all its might for something better. So each year saw its ferry service improved, and with the completion of its new and . handsome steamer, Manly should be more than satisfied for s^me time to come. Thé Manly wild flowers are one of its many beau ties. The first show - was held in 1881, and the prices given for native Cowers-in that year showed that they were appreciated to an extent that will excite to envy the stallholders of later date/ Here' are one or two, taken from an old report: "A fine ? cutting, of the white rose . . . . was bought by a well-known citizen' for-a guinea." "Waratahs,. 6d, each; buttonholes, ls; extra pretty, pinned in witta a smile, fetched fancy prices; and quotations for bouquets ranged from ten . shillings to a pound." ? One might, however, write for many columns more, and still not do full justice to the subject. That, in fact, can only be done by those who go and see. for themselves. v-# «.i jua.« j, v ' M AN L Y.--S YON E Y'S MOST POPULAR SEA SIDE RESORT". (SEE = LETTERPRESS ON PAGE ;S0.) (PHOTOS. BY G. A. HILL.S. 82 KING-STREET, SYDNEY.) V l.-Panoramic View of Manly from tho Stone Kangaroo. 2-On tho Way to Fairy Bower. S.-Corporation Baths and Steamer Man^rrlvlng from Sydney. 4.-Bowllng Green and Dalley's Castle. 6.-The Corso-Visitors Coin« to the Ocean Beach, ./ * 6.-The Bowling Creen and rant 7,-Çhïjdren pn tlie Peach- ~ 