PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGE MENT. LOYAL TO THE LAST. CHAPTER XXIII. By M. E. O. Malen. Author of “A Fatal Silence,” "A Daugh ter of the Philistines,” “Neither Widow nor Wife,” “Those Three,” “Some Per son or Persons Unknown,” etc., etc. As soon as the men were gone Helen rushed upstairs and bent over Margaret with a troubled face. “Mamma is very worried about my sis- ter,” she said. “May she come up ?” “I would rather she didn’t just yet. Can’t you say she is asleep ?” “I told her so—hut that does not seem to satisfy her.” “Then bring her just to the door and let her peep in,” Dr Lethbridge said. “I will remain with your sister alone for the present, and when she rouses I will ring.” “Very well—l am not anxious myself, of course, but mamma has got some odd idea into her head.” “I see. Does she know what these men came for?” “Yes; she insisted upon knowing, and thought she ought to have been tmd be fore in order to prepare mv sister; but I told her you had done all that was necessary in that way.” Dr Lethbridge glanced down at his patient, and smiled. - “Yes, I think-I’ve been equal with his lordship,” he said. “I don’t pretend to ! know more of the law than he does, but j I do pretend to know more about physic, and if I don’t poach upon his preserves he shouldn’t poach upon mine. Still Tve got the best of him so I don’t owe him a grudge.” Helen went down to fetch Mrs Moore, who took a cautious peep, and went away much comforted. “She sleeps so sooundly and quietly,” she whispered, “it can’t have hurt her, thank God!” An hour later Dr Lethbridge rang the bell. Margaret was calm, and quite con scious, but she had raher a dazed look in her eyes, they thought. However, this wore off after a while, and she talked to them in a weak, languid voice, but quite sensibly. Baby was brought in presently, fresh from his evening bath, drowsy, but sweet tempered, and sat beside her on the bed to munch his biscuits and sip his milk, until ho went fast off to sleep in the middle of a bite, and was earned off to his cot. without rousing. “He has missed his playfellow to-day,” observed Mrs Moore, rather thoughtless ly, and Margaret asked quickly where Hannah had been. “She had some business to do in the town, dear but I told her not to trouble to ask you, as I was sure vou would not mind.” “Of course she had to go,” responded Margaret. Mrs Moore and Helen exchanged glances, but she said no more, and, there fore, they hoped there was no particular meaning or significance in her words. Sirs Moore, Miss Tudor, and Helen took turns in sitting up with Margaret, and this night it was Helens. Mrs Moore slept m the adjourning room al ways, which gave the girl confidence, al though she had in reality no need to be self- distrustful, as she was an excellent nurse. “Gcfu'-njght, mummy darling,” said Margar*., when her mother came in the last thing. .“I want twenty kisses at least to-night. You won’t give me any to-morrow.” “What do you mean?” enquired Mrs Moore, growing pale. She was easily alarmed nowadays. “You won’t care to kiss me,” she said. And then she added quickly: “Pima comes to-morrow, and Jenny and the boys.” “Do you suppose they’ll want all my kisses ?” “No. It is always the sick children and the helpless babies who get the most' I remember.” “And you are the sick child just now.” “And you would not kiss us when we had been naughty, mummy.” “You didn’t deserve it then.” “Of course we didn’t. But kiss me to night, darling mother, over and over again—and again after that—and then once again. If only I were a child once more, like Jenny, and had to.grow up! I was so happy in those days. It has often been so hard to live since.” “Come! come!” exclaimed Mrs Moore, admonisliingly. “If you agitate yourself in this way you won’t sleep.” Margaret made a great effort over her self, evidently, and held up a very white but composed face for Mrs Moore’ s_ kisses, which she counted hungrily, asking for one more at the last, “Because,” with a wistful smile, “there is luck in odd num bers.” Helen would remember the smallest detail of that- nignt as loner as she lived. Margaret lay still, but her eyes were al ways wide open and sleepless. She took all the nourishment her sister gave her without a murmur, and caressed the hand that ministered to her by laying :t fntly against her cheek. But for hours e was silent, and, like a good nurse, Helen fitted her self to her patient’s mood. But after the darkest ana eeriest hours of the night had passed she seemed to rally, and called Helen to her bedside, making her sit down. • “I saw Miss Moore last night,” she said, in a tone of deep sympathy. Helen started. “I thought we decided there was no such thing as ghosts. Madge.” “Did we? But there are,” solemnly, and with) emphasis ; “I tell vou I saw Miss Moore last night, and she said what I knew before—that was all.” : : “What did she say?” asked Helen, humoring her fancy. “I will tell vou to-morrow. But there is one thing 1 want yon to understand. I heard all that passed last evening. ' I was dumb, because Dr Lethbridge had mesmerised or drugged me, I suppose, and his will dominated mine; but I un derstood everything that went on. How ever, I knew before that that Dick, was being tried yesterday for a crime he never committed.’ I felt it all day.”- “What made you think of such a thing, dear,” said Helen, evasively. _ . “I thought of it, be_cause.it was hap pening. When I was in peril he knew— is it likely I should be less sensitive than he?” I am sure you all meant well by keeping the truth from me,” she added, “but it was a terrible mistake, - Luckily . it can be rectified in time.” J “Do you know the real culprit then ?” “Yes, I do. But you shall know all about it to-morrow when papa comes.” “Papa comes to-day Maave.” “Ah! yes, I forgot; I-wish to-day were over. To-morrow is so far off, I feel as if I should never reach it.” n “In nineteen hours it will be here.” ‘Put there is so much to do in the time,, and I am so weary.” - “Then go to sleep, dear.” r “I can’t- I must see papa the moment he comes.” .. , “He can’t be here until-bast noon, al \- he leaves by the first train-—in deed, he is just starting now—the child ren are to follow by a lateri t-rain.” “That is best.— Oh! Helen, I cannot tell vou how inexpressively thankful I am that papa is as he is—so gentle and merciful and kind. • ’No one. would; be ; afraid to confess his or, her. sins to him,; although he is so good, because he makes. allowances for. us all.” “Because ho is so good.” . • j “Exactly. It is hard he should nos■ have-good'.children.”. j ‘ ' “Gome, you morbid creature, we are noiie:of iis very bad. , "Wehave not dis . graced our parents yet,” said ''Helen i cheerfully.; ,; “And now; please,'. it is .time , for .your -medicine ;•' and- after ! that you . must,try, hud. sleep, Madge; qr. I, shall: gec, into disgrace!wlth-Dr, Lethbridge.- ; You' wouldn’t like to have-me scolded - .”; ; Marga'ret" ‘pok- Aier' draught, and !theq lay very stiUagain,,but, whenever Helen ■ glanced’ heY.way-.cautiously she' say the.’ ; large hollow eyes sky, wlabli. than •;tearis*,.;“,;ir/ : d.di O j * Moore soon ;as fib had ana'tfigfresf Hjo, onacwouldever know at. ilfiat Intf .cqnjd' mover- gpeak so] .isoSs ' osihsTe ‘bar V j ' J ~ and shaken suddenly-his wife burst : -'nto tears at the sight of him. “She is dying,” she sobbed-out.-. “Oh! my poor dear child/’ Mr Moore put her away from him with a kiss, caught up his hat and went out; and they saw him go off to the station, running, But when they went to Mar garet’s room she was sleeping, and there was a look of peace and rest on her face such as had not been there for many a long day. They knew afterwards that she had made her humble had received absolution from-fier trembling lips, . The had addressed the court,he. fully .be* lieved in the poufikf-i ed him in unsparing terms*? Y)ick lirtgh ed with a sort of wondering •realising by fits and starts, that he was the man against, whom all-this cruel de nunciation and these violent . epithets were hurled. • > Still he never lowered his proud'young head once. They should'hot make him ashamed of a deed he Had never done, Dick told himself. The whole world might be against him, hut there was one man in the court who believed in. him, at any rate; and when Sergeant Worsley thundered out his anathemas; the vicar looked at him with scornful pity, and then smiled at his son'. Dick made a good luncheon, and re turned into court later with a confident air. Things looked very black, even in Mr Lowrie’s eyes; but the prisoner was sustained by some inward consciousness, and did not seem cast down. The lawyer was addressing the court for the defence with fire and eloquence, dwelling forcibly on all the facts that were in his client’s favor, and glossing over the rest,-when there was a: slight commotion in court/ and a tall, middle-aged man, in clerical attire, stepped forward, conducted by the usher of the court, and asked brokenly to be allowed to give evidence. “If you have anything to say that is necessary for us to hear—” “Perhaps your lordship will look at this paper,” replied Mr Moore, handing it up to the bench,' whilst his .white lips twitched convulsively; “and I.may add that I have come here at my daughter’s wish to save an innocent man. God knows if I should have had the courage to face such torture of my own accord.” He hung his head. Poverty, death, trouble, had often invaded the vicarage at Summerleigh, but never shame. And Mr Moore cowered before it and shrank in. every nerve. _ - “My daughter did not know of Richard Eliot’s until last evening,” he went on, urging himself desperately to the effort; “it nad been carefullv kept from her, or sbe would have spoken at once. Her very, hours are numbered, and she will soon appear before the Great Judge! Leave her to Him.” Dick’s head was on his breast now, too, for the first time. Because Margaret had not spoken before, he had believed she would not speak, and meant him to suffer for her sin. But now he was ashamed to have doubted her. He would have died to save her, loyal to the last, but her silence had seemed to him a worse criipe even than the murder, which he' knew to be unpremeditated, almost in-- voluntarily. The court enjoyed this .sensational finale immensely; it-was so unexpected for one thing, and cleared the young man in whom so many had believed in spite ! of everything. But- the judge had pity on Mr Moore, who had done-his duty at such terrible cost to himself personally, and released him from his painful posi- ; tion as soon as he could with a few words of earnest sympathy and appreciation. . “Madge wants to see you, Dick,” said Mr Moore, humbly and denrecatingly, as he passed tbe -doek. _ “You will . come.- There is not much time to lose.” “Of course I will come,” replied Dick, as much moved as he was. “What do you take me for?” - There was no need for the jury to leave the box, of course. A verdict of “Not guilty” seemed the easiest way out of the difficulty, and Dick found himself a free man a .few minutes later, with everybody wanting to shake hint-by the hand. He escaped as soon as he could,' to find Mr Moore waiting for him just outside the court . . . ...,. “We can catch the three o’clock express if we are quick,” he said. “Do you mind ?” “On the contrary, J wish it,” Dick an swered, and he took the others arm and they hurried off together, managing to evade the mob who would have followed them and cheered if they had had the chance. The Grange was very silent as they en tered. Everyone knew now that Mar garet’s young life was ebbing slowly away. Dr Lethbridge had even confess ed that there had' been no hope from toe first; but he had concealed this fact from them all at the girl’s earnest re guest. “She consulted a specialist in London when she passed through, the day after Miss Moore’s funeral, she tells me, having suspected for some time there was; something wrong,” ho went. on. “As he insisted on knowing the truth he told her -that she might live a year if she took great care of herself, but any excitement or anxiety might bring the end more quickly than -that; - And T am afraid she has had a great deal of both;” he con cluded, feelingly. “It is a pity she ever came to Lynside, poor girl.” “I know, but:we meant it for the best,” sobbed-Mrs Moore. - “One; cannot see into-the future, unfortunately.”-' -“Or, perhaps, fortunatelv.” he said. “After all we most of uk believe that God knows best.” - ' ' . ‘Yes, - yes— ’’ she murmured brokenly, and he grasped her" hand and left.. He could do no more.'; and . these last precious hours belonged to those she loved. , . . Margaret had asked to see Dick direct ly he arrived,- knowing he would come, and had been watching the clock .wist fully, and listening for-every step in the carriage-drive. ' ' . “I hear the gate,”- she said eagerly .at dusk. “They have come.” Helen went to the window and peered into the. twilight anxiously.- . She knew that any excitement were: better than disappointment just then.- “Yes,” she answered,: .■■with:.: feigned cheerfulness, “they are there—Papa and Dick..;; But you must, have; some, wine and beef-tea before you see them.”’' ‘ ; • “Whateveryou- like :to give me,”' she responded, in a stronger voice than she had.spoken in;fpr some’days.'“l.have so much to say to Dick.” - The next 'minute he was kneeling beside her holding her thin’hand, kissing’the. white face which might have been a corpse’s but for the living, eager dyes, and though she said ‘You ; forgive me, Dick?—l did not kmowj” she had no need to waif'for the answer. : “I did not meafft-td kill her,” she went on. . “I wanted to tell you that.” / “No dear. You were . cruelly .pro-' voked.”. ’ , j - - ~ - “How do you know ?’’ .■■■;■ ; “I saw it all- I thought she would be' angry with you for remaining out so latefi ana followed-.you .upstairs with the idea of protecting you, and taking the blame on. myself. I saw her strike yon vicious ly and you'-caught up a book—from;" a natural impulse—and struck-her- back:’’'; “It was the old Missal, with the’ brass' edges, I took; without knowing, I was so angry and outraged—and it was so -heavy —but I did not mean to: hurt her.; --- 1,- never: thought—and; JO. have /suffered! iso.- terribly since:; -Where.were you?”j -c; ; . “I was behind the screen.- have seen me. as you went-out j/ibut! you ■ were too andifinghtened-^^—f’’ .; V' \- [“I -did not -know she • or ieven’- injured until -I went 1 back later;-whjen.T was more composed;;to tell her .1. shohld, leave the next-mornihg.’-/j “Butlknew : at.pnce; from’rth A way .she fell’ and the silence,’ ahd/whnt o in/to| spe>' Then-1 took the.'-watehfiand>.jchaipj ( and-; purse away: with -me T to divert mhspicipH from 1 yo'ii.' T hoped they mightyl|hnyg some ; ; wrqtchejL, thief: :the- sake of ithe’se.biaC.bnght) tojhaye idisw posed of them/butsomehowil hadn’tsthie courage?’/ ;V - mL ■ could,-not,-lUgdeis ? butHannah.-saw ybuigol downstairs with. ;i?made; isucH' i^eaS,®SpEji|' j ; away fromLynaide—even engageamyselp •to -HoloneJ-;,; He&vmisJp-; .. But I.uefrea 0 imeatft't.tD cmaiTy. vTa*§¥‘ not allow ■ hum. even" tb! , ’Bii»cuiyT!iEh6fe^* . ,2^’ myself up, but they-kept the truth from me.” . . - ■ . ..... '■ •• ; “I am glad they did,” Dick replied- • ' ", “But you, must have thought very bad ly of me, knowing riffi'at you “My dearest," I' could not help loving you, whatever you did and said.”- “Yes, I know. I shall always, have been your first love,, but if the" past isTriirie the future is not, arid I shall not be jealous of that. ? Indeed, I want to think you will marry one day. I have-even chosen you a wife—the person I should be; most to have in my’ place, because she -jwiU. not be jealous, either, of the past, "and you will talk of me together.” 'k “Whom do yoii mea» «"•, - no • asked, -.camring faintly, y . - .. she whispered.- “I won’* ask -■you to promise, Dick, but if ever-/this should come to pass, and I am allowed to know it, it willmake me very , happy. She and I have always been so muon to each other. We think alike about most things, and it will be almost mel” . “No, I won’t promise,” Dick answered, “because I do hot feel now as if it would ever be possible ” “But yon won’t say no, dear?” “I say nothing,” he answered, gravely. “I could not marry yet, in any case—not until I get my company ” Margaret smiled. ' “And by that time ” -. ‘‘Yon will be, feeling lonely, and miss ing me, and Helen will take my place in your life; though I shall always be there, •too,” she said, prophetically. “You are so young, Dick, and you have such a warm heart, you could not be always alone.” • “Let us -talk of you, my darling,” he said. “Must you die ?” “Yes, I must—l have known it for some months now—arid think of the al ternative —” she added, with a snudder— “the. scaffold. It was that.l shrank from, /with physical repulsion .all along. :.T am ■ not afraid of death as it is coming to me now—a gradual, painless sinking away, but it was the other ” She shook as with a palsy, and Dick caught her in his strong young arms. “Don’t, darling,” he' said, “that is all over now.” She pointed- to a glass on the table be side her. “Helen has left that,” she said weakly; “she thinks of everything. It is a res torative. Lift me up please, and hold it to my lips. It is nice to have you here to wait upon me, and you are so strong, Dick, dear. Do you remember that time I hurt my ankle, and you car ried me all the way home, and weren’t tired in the least ?” He gave her the resprative, and then she nestled close to him, smiling so sweetly, he could hardly realise she was so near her end. “There is something more I want to say yet,” she told him presently, and he asked tenderly if iri would not wait. She laughed l outright at this—a soft, musical laugh. “My dear,” she said, “what we are wait ing for is death. I saw Miss Moore last night, and she told me I should die at eleven o’clock to-night.” “You mean you had the nightmare, I suppose,”, said Dick, sturdily. • “Put it so if you like,” she said, “but I do not need to be told that this is my last day on .earth; and, therefore, I must tell you now, dear, about the ‘Mermaid’ -—why I was there, I mean. I had a telegram, as I thought, from you, telling me you. were in. danger, and asking me to remember my promise and come to you at once.” “I never sent any telegram of the sort. .“I know you didn’t now. for it was all Mrs Thessaker’s doing. She thought to compromise me so hopelessly that I would be thankful to take her brother’s name as'a screen.” “What an infamous scheme!’ “Exactly. But she had a thousand Eounds dependent upon our marriage— e told me so himself—and was anxious to hasten matters. She listened at the door that night she stayed with us. and heard all the conversation between- you' and myself. ' The whole thing was-a ruse, she confessed to me to obtain a footing in the bouse, and she never slipped into the river at all. She was startled when she saw your face at' the window, hut. she soon recovered suffi ciently to play me a trick, arid lock me in with the supposed burglar. Then be ing safe herself she came back and lis tened. - She found I:was most anxious you should not show yourself at'Lyriside, and heard me promise to tro to you any-' where, at any hour, if you would keep &W; “l see, but when you reached Mear’s ay didn’t you find out the trick?’’ ‘ “It never entered my head. I thought no on© knew of ot«r conversation that night, and, therefore, that you did want me, dear, and I was readv to run any risk to keep my word.” ~, “I should have thought you would have suspected something wrong wheri you saw. Colonel Heaviside at the Greyhound. “I suppose I ought to have done w: hut he is a consummate actor, and pre tended -to be as surprised to see me asi was to see him. I said- unsuspiciously I had to go out to the ‘Mermaid,' and could I get a boat, and he_ offered to row me te it if I.would allow him- Of course I was a fool, for I riot only consented, hut was actually .grateful. . He left for a minute, and then came hack to, say the ‘Mer maid’s’boat had just come to see about letters, and we.could go in that. ‘Then I needn’t give yon any more -trouble,’ I said; but he would not hear of leaving me alone with the two sailors. The Mermaid’s men hadn’t a very good name, he told me; like master, like man, and they might take advantage of -my help lessness to extcrb money from me. As my one object was to get to you as quickly as-possible I made no further demur, and we started. As soon, as I was on. board the yacht he told , me the truth.” \- “ What 1 an unmitigated scoundrel!” cried Dick, hotly,'" ’ iv . r “Yes, but he is! riot so bad as his sister. I had a letter fromher’only last week, -threatening to expose, me if I did not marry her brother at' once.” - ■ - “Dictated by' him, I should think.”; l ! “Unknown to him,' rather—for he gave mo up.” .“Surely riot,” answered Dick, incredul ously. - :■ '- r. “He did ; but I used strong measures, to’ compel him. I confessed my crime and told him that the moment I landed I should give myself up-to justice.” ■ ' ; V 1 “Good heavens!” . exclaimed;,.Dick,' “hriw could you put yourself at the mercy : of’aman like'that!”; t “Because with all his faults he .has' a remnant of a gentlemanly, feeling left’iri hirii still. ; He said.Tshould he safe with him, and he kept.his word.” ! ‘T wonder he. did not make you marry hiin before you 'gave - yourself u ri. ” said Dick,- knowing Colonel •" Heaviside’s re putation^'as'a fortune-hunter.-. , ; ’ .“Hb knew that would have been-no use. My fortune was to go to papa .if I died before I was twenty-one.” “But you were nearly twenty-one.” \- ‘.‘L know; but he was quite aware that •L should never make a will in his. favor ifTdid reach that arid, therefore, he* would gain nothing:/,. Anyhow, he let me go; and I want'you to' promise, Dick—l ;shall .nob ask you many favors no.w—that you will not resent his conduct to me, or take any notice of what'l have told you.; Will-.you'-promise; dear ?” ’’ And ! could refuse her. no thing riowj-promised-at once.' l-n*< .;IDr LothbridgQ came in at this moment,; • -'in' her:; gentle' .motherly. way, carried Dick otf to have’ a 1 ; -gl^S3. A of ; ;wine....'Not::before he ;it-' iassuredly j./for-he was' 1 very: white and’ .tremulous, -He. - had gone : through- so 'much '.'of. -late; arid this 'culminating, tra -'gedjaiwasHalmpsti.more- than' - he could ■ 'bear.'j'uV' hii-t! *■ • '<®Uu ,, she' )i madeu ;, -him sit down 'ori lie' couch in-thp. drawing-room. arid - hovered l abduijihimutmtilua little' ! col6r came hack his?ia£b3V JTheii- : she‘ mixed ■ him a 1 ‘ fffd- Flpreri'ce’s'pririciDre, arid sto'ridi r 3rririk'-'it;f;; o ssjhave; i, been.;, /storing l Toplr-ed,- Dick yered t'riat usffd !willrf^l¥7PnOThSnjfeKa-asks-for.yDUV j. v , XWQ77 J>flJ3 (2TIOV o/ j S*IO£U .while Jie .prayedj and.clicLnot rouseuntil IBabv was brougnt inashs-ual for'a kiss. . “It -is the .very -last,-'this.-timTei" >sKe> nrarmnredy • as'she set Her.' lips';sigjiiiigly on.;'his‘fresh young .cheek; -. :.“Bhby' is go ing to rest, as so am i-: - o.? : The boys and? Jenny, arrived later, and she saw them for. a little- while, but she was very .tired, she told them plaintively, and could not talk to them -then. ' _ She was unconscious, at intervals dur ing the evening, but she knew them all when .they spoke to her, and though she held her father’s and mother’s hand her last look apd her last smile were for Dick. Through all-their . grief they, could only .remember thankfully fthat she had passed away unmolested. •/It waa the Great Judge she appeared before that night, as the vicar had said, drawing a final breath very softly clock struck eleven, and. those who believe in a God of Mercy will not doubt that she was ab solved by Him of her involuntary crime, : as she was absolved by those who had loved her so well. Dick went back to his regiment, but Mr Moore was'only too glad he. should have the £lOOO a year Margaret had left him, though he refused it obstinately "until the others reminded him that it had been her wish. Two vears later an other wish of her was also carried out, and he married Heleh, who made him an excellent wife, and to whom he is sincere ly attached, . But in h\s warm, true heart there is room for the past passionate love, as well as for the soberer sentiment that succeeded it. Only, as what he had is more to him than what he has we may fairly say that he will be "Loyal to the last.” ‘ THE END. 