MRS. BiXBY’S PLAN. airs. Bixby lived on a I'ka-iuit j in a desirable house. and. Irani on!- j ward appearance. wn- a woman to bo envied, biro the until way. s“0 had n I ••skeleton” in the family closet, which during the snore of year? of nor nodded life, she had guarded so jealously thai not even her nearest licighboyir know of its existence. Candour compel- me to say that it was not there by her wish, but solely beeau-o her husband pilled ii. -Now Mr. IlixLy mi:-id.- 1,1 jus home, was a model man, re?pcc; cd-by his iel low-eibizous. was a. liiember ot the church, and a Buhbalii Ic-clmol teacher. He generally wore a smile, spoke plea santly to a passing irieiai. was iond of children, and even’ oi"‘ supposed he nv.iS u Jinppy man. it was ‘only in Ids li-tiuc that- jje cared to aaney liis wile, by Ills strange devotion :d limes to that skeleton, and the occasions oil which lie brought it forth and rattled its hones wore of the most l tilling charac ter—a button missing, a mislaid paper, or breakfast five minutes kite, would oftentimes drive him to hold silent companionship with' the micaiiuy thing for weeks together, until ii ..ally seem ed to Mrs. Bixby that lie would forget the use of llis tongue, in her presence altogether, For the first months or her marriage £lio liad been patient, and thought Ids business troubled him; then later eon- I chided liis liver was out ei order, for which she made various teas of herbs, for ids relief, and kindly per,nailed him to try, only to find her entreaties met with sullen silence, while her medicines were promptly pitched out of doors. In ram had she pleaded, reasoned, and wept, trying to induce him t(l give up this strange companion, tied made her so unhappy; he ignored all her wishes, and clung to it the closer, not even Ins favourite dishes, which she ranked, and of wliieb he ate. would line him away, until lie himself would weary of it for the time, and condescend to he amiable o: co more. Sometimes, as the day- would glide by into weeks. Mrs. Bixby would loudly hope that lier husband would forget its very existence. But. ala-! one morning the ‘‘closet door" had been open, and the skeleton was dragged forth wit'll all its bone-, because Mr. Bisby had a grievance, ft wa- a hole in his pocket, as he informed ‘‘Mr-. Bixby,” which find been there one whole week, and he had sundry coins in liis boot, and lie sarcastically remarked that slio probably would not care if his pocket-book fell through eventually. She vainly tried to "explain that it was impossible for her to know the .-into of his pocket? all the time, and it was his duty as .sole guardian of them to report, to her n-lw„ they needed re pairs; and. thinking of the injnsliee of the charge, she added, that the lo-s of aJl his money made no particular difference to her, a- -lie wa- never al lowed any. A- usual lie retold ed by accusing Jicr never caring for him, or doing anything lor in- comfort, and forthwith, he embraced his favourite framework, and vouchsafed no more .words to lior. After he left the house, and her nun a- j Jug’s work was done. Mr-. Bixby seal id herself in her low rocker, determined, if possible, to plan a way to gel rid of this destroyer of her domestic peace, or know the reason why. It seemed to her that sho liad tried everything hut one, and that was starvation, which was rather a paradoxical proceeding; (■till a. inau'.- heart was quite often seat ed near ids digestion, and so, haring Only provided supplies l'or Jiercslf. ui case of a prolonged siege, she calmly awaited results. Her husband was a punctual man. ■-<>. ■when at. the Iasi stroke or twelve Irom • the town dock lie outered the door, lln look of. bhuik surprise which lie east upon his wife, so busily reading, and the unset table, was amusing;, ho even put liis hand upon the stove before he < ouid believe it was cold. Could Mrs. ; Bixby be ill? There, was too much colour in her face for that. ‘'Well,'7 he thought, "she is angry because 1 1 i-nicl a few word? to her this morning. 1 don't care; I will ear up all the pie," w'-ich lie prnmpfiv did. and departed vAbout speaking, sure that liis wife would forgive a- in time past, and have a warm -upper for him at nigh’, bn fact, lie came home earlier than usual, but alas, the house wa? .-till cheerio??; no savoury viands and no file. JTe wa- glad to find a cold rem nant of ham and a biscuit that was past its youth. Still, lie- kept .silence, and held liis skeleton all the closer. His. .sleep was fitful, and long before day he was awake, and wondering how Jcng one could live on bread and water. Ho entered a store on his way to his office and bought a pound of biscuits, carelessly remarking lie would take them with him. but be found they mado a very poor substitute for tlio •warm rolls, fragrant coffee -OT-l eggs pith which his table was often covered. Ho could not- attend to bis work until he had done some thinking, realising a hc had never done before how much of his comfort lie owed (n Mrs. Bixby’? loving care. Even now hi? head ached. How often sho had bathed it for him. and when ho had the fever, how many nights she was sleepless for liis sake. Oil, how hungry ho felt! Yes, hi.- wife war, a good cook, rather better, lie was sure, than liis mother—of course he had beeu a tyrant; oh, if Mrs. Bixbv would only forgive liirn, he would show her how kind ho could be. Mliy. he just hated that gruesome thing that had mado her so unhappy. He felt so faint-, lie gnessod he would go home; it was only ten, hut he would.slop at the market and get n chicken and a bushel of sweol- potatoes—yes, and a dozen or oranges for his wife, because 1 she loved them so. What was money to a starving man, anyway ? Oh. his ,wifo should see that he trusted her; she shoiua have flic pocket-book to carry, and lie would not hold himself responsible for the holes in her pockets, i In short, he did all he thought he would, and whilo his forgiving companion pre pared dinner, he buried, the skeleton 1 so deep that not even its ghost ever 1 haunted them, and although he ate so imnch tliat he was ill, he recovered < through her loviug core, and they lived ) happy for many years; and when the village youths were wed everyone would f say, “May your life bo as joyous as : the Bixby’s.” ( Death to those who did is always sud- t (Ten, to those who mourn is aiwayg pre- t mature. j If there bo aught surpass^ human < Heed, or word or thought, it is a 1 mother’s lori, - t 