[?] Anglican. — Fifth Sunday after Raster — Glen Junes at 11 and 7 ; Ben Lomond (h c) at II ; Glencoe at 3 ; Wellingrove at 3. Thursday, 17th ! — G.F.S. Festival at 4.30 p.m.— ltev,. F. T. C. Reynolds, | W KSLEYA n . — Sunday, Mnv 20 — Glen Innes at 11 and 7, Red Range at 3 —Rev. M. H. Parkinson (Chairman of the District). Woods' Great Peppermint Cure for Coughs and Colds never fail ; Is6<l. — 3 Larokny.— At the Police Court yesterday, he- fore the P.-M- Charles Brown, a laborer, Was charged with the larceny of money and various artiolea, the property of James Cook, from tbe Great Central Hotel. The evidence allowed that on Saturday evening the accused was accommo dated with a bed in the groom's room,, and- next morning he was found to hare been up betimes and missing from the room. A number of articles be longing to other occupants were found to have alBO taken their departure, and a search wns'irmile, the property recovered, and the accused arrested. After hearing the evidence of den-sergt.Flynn, and the owners of the property, accused was fined £6, or six weeks' in Glen Innes gaol. "On a second similar charge of stealing from . James'tYonnc:, Brown was fined £2 or oqe month. The fines not being paid, the accused was removed to durauce vile; How fondly rests a mother's gaze . Upon her children dear ; , Site loves tliein for their pretty ways, . . -And-always-likes'tliem near; Nhe tends them in their troubles, too, Her care soon makes them fewer. And for a cold knowR what to do : Sheets Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. Stock Movements — For week ending May 14:/ — 100 ewes from Spring Grove to Graham's Valley; W. Every owner ; 3390 sheep from -Haystack and Clerkner's for Bannock burn, A. Murray owner ; 94 fat wethys from Lilhurn for Flemington, Cecil ; Bloxsome owner ; 190 fat wetliors from Spring Ridge to Fleming! on,; J. Campbell owner ; 100 fat lanihs frnm'Kent Park to Flemington, J. A. Mar tin owner ; 92 fat shpep from Plain. View to Fle mington, A. O'Hara owner ; 658 fat wetliers from Waterloo to Flemington, P. Sinclair|owner ; 720 fat wethers and 40 lambs frotn Rose Hill to Fle mington, A; S. Bolton owner ; 948 fat wethers from- Waterloo to Aberdeen, Aust. F.- and C. Co owners ; 94 fat sheep from„ Argyle to Flemington, \V. H. Lamb. owner ; 100 fat ewes from Glendon to Flemington, \V. A. Cranixie owner ; 10,900 sheep returning from Inverell to Breevon. M'Kay Bros, owners ; 105 fat cows from MingooIaTo Fle mington, P. Jeffrey. owner ; 21 fat bullocks from Glen limes to FJeinitigton,' \V. Hodges owner ; 44 :' cows from Pikedateijjto Flemington, C. F.gWhite owner, ; 12 fat cattle.', from.. Wallangarra to 'Fle mington, J. Besnard owner ; 227 fat'lmllocUs and' 12 fat cows from Tent.erfield to Flemington, North ern Agents. owners ; 32 fat bullocks and 92 tat cows from ..'Teiitei-field to . Fiemiiigton, H.. A. Smith owner ; 30 fat bullocks from Teiiterfield to Flo- niinglon, A.J.S. Bank- owners. ; four fat bullocks aiul. 72 - .f«M> co.ws ' from '-Glencoe. -to. Fleniiugton, J. Wild owner 88 'fat cows from .Deepwater to Fie miiigton, A, M. White owner ; 33 fat cows from , Teiiterfield; to :Flemington,'' E : Kenny- owner ; 184 : fat 8heep.frbm;C!arev.aulx to Fiemiiigton, A. M'ln tosli f rom Armidale to Li's- : iiioreG. and j; ' Jackson owners. FoRCliildrei'i's- Backing Cough at night Woods' Great' Peppermint Cure ; Is 6d— 2.- . school OE -Auts.— The -recreation committee wa sreapo " ? i b I e.f o r . a most enjoyable .evening on ;Friday .last', when -a concert arranged by' 'them -eventuated in the recreation hall.,:. The large build ing was; transformed for the time being- into a miniature theatre, and as ;:a background to the stage he Uiiibil- Jack seemed tq-ecHo its apprecia tion of' the patriotic,. outburst that at times made the building ring with an enthusiasm of loyalty. At eight the building was crowded do .standing room by members nnd their friends;. rind this fact must have been highly gratifying to. the committee, telling as it did that their endeavors to promote amusement had been thoroughly appreciated liy the mem bet s of the institution, Tbe .evening's enter tainment was opened by a pianoforte selection Sonato of Beethoven,' nicely rendered by- Miss Stephenson ; Mr. j. H. Smith, followed and gave a capita! rendering of the song. The Toilers,' then Miss Grey pleaecd with her item "the Fairies.' Mr. Dick Levy fairly brought down the. lionse with a splendid Irish impersonation entitled ' La its t Noight,' and for a vociferous encore gave the ' Laughing Song' which set in- the audience in a particularly liappy niood. Mr. W E Vincent re cited his own lines God Bless 'Era,1 nnd Miss Abbott followed with a splendid rendition of 'The Swallows,' which delighted the audience to no small degree j Mr. J. H. Loader-Hill made his first nppearancc oil the locnl concert stage and created a most favorable impression by bis singing of 'The Garonne.' Mr. A. Hardacre caused some atnusf- raimt by bis comic items, nnd Misses Rain ford and Borne were happy in their choice of two duets rendered by-- th'em, ' while Mr. John Priest made the building resound With tbe grand old song Trusty as Steel.' The ventriloquism of Mr. It. Levy was thoroughly appreciated, while Dr. Amesbury pleased with his item 'The Ghost. ' When the Empire Calls ' capitally rendered by Mr Joe Smith stirred tbe nudimce to enthusiasm, which only died away to give place to merriment by the excellent singing of ! Tbe Undertaker nod Johnny Smoker ' by Mr, LeYy.-' Mr. J. II; Smith introduced to Glen Innes, the Australian patriotic song, Australia, . Figbts'for-.Britnin's Rights,' and the outburst of deafening.rBpplanse at the end of the contribution was only a. lair reward for the splendid efforts of the performer ; we recognise in Mr. Smith a de cided acqnis'tior to onr concert stage. Mr. W. T McCoy acted nB accompaniest, which speaks for the s icct-ss of the musical portion of tbe entertain ment. There can be 110 doubt aa to the success of the venture of -the recreation committee and we trust that the concert of Friday evening was only Hie initiative of many more at the institution dur ing the winter months. AUTHENTIC MEDICAL OPINIONS WORTH KNOWING. — Dr. Osborne aoys « ' I use SANDER k SONS' EUCALYPTI EXTRACT aB a spray for nasal catarrh, low fevei, asthma, &o.;, with great success, I find this preparation superior lo «1- others.' I >r . Stahl : 'I have used various prepara tions of Eucalyptus, huf I get better results from SANDER & SONS'. EUCALYPTI EXTRACT than from ary other.' Dr. Preston ; I never use any 1 Eucalyptus .preparation oth»r than SANDER & I SONS', as I found the others to be almost useless.' j Dr. Hart ' : It goes without saying that SANDER I & SONS' EUCALYPTI EXTRACT is the best in the ! market. In infiuenzn, all feverp, throat and lung trouble, diphtheria, diarrhoea, dysentry, kidney complaints, rheumatism, wounds, sprains, ulcere, &c.;, it is invnlnahte. See that yon get SANDER & SONS', and reject spurious preparations, which are sometimes supplied by unscrupulous dealers. M'Gkkgok and Travvrs on Saturday held two highly successful aa'es of town allotments, sheep, cattle, and horsea. All the lots were sold, and prices, especially for the stock, ruled high. 