FLATLOCK'S GHOST. "Do you believe in ghosts, Bill?" The man thus addressed paused for a moment, as though doubtful whether to express an opinion either one way or the other upon the subject, and re- plied: "Can't say, Hookey, for I've never yet see'd one. Anyhow, I ain't agoin' to say that there are no such things, for I know of more'n one honest and sober man who can spill some uncanny yarns about the spooks he has met with; and I know they wouldn't lie about the ghosts any more'n you or I would lie: but I'd just as soon see a spectre with my own eyes before I tell you that I believe in the spirit busi- ness." This guarded reply seemed to satisfy Hookey, who lit his pipe, and took several hard draws before he resumed the conversation. "Well. mate, the fact of the matter is this—but, first of all, you must promise to keep mum, for I've got a good thing on, and we can work it to- gether if you like, only the secret must remain between you and me only." Bill, who scented a paying job in prospect, promised his chum to observe the strictest secrecy, and waited for further particulars of the matter under consideration. To convey an impression of the gravity and importance of the com- munication he was about to make, Hookey smoked slowly and abstracted- ly for several moments before he con- descended to gratify the rapidly-in- creasing curiosity of his companion. "Do you know old Johnson's shanty which stands two fields beyond the al- lotments, the place with the big gar- den and the walnut-trees?" Bill replied in the affirmative. "Well." resumed Hookey, evidently doubtful whether he was doing the right thing in parting with the infor- mation. "I've had my eye on that property for some little time. There's a big mystery connected with the place which we ought to clear up. You know how attached old Johnson seems to his garden, and what an interest he has always taken in his crops; but now the plots appear to be going to the dogs, and the old chap, no doubt is getting to infirm to look after things like he used to. Then, perhaps, if you go back several years, you will remem- ber that it was in the same house that old Flatlock the miser, shelled out, and he, too, was a bit of a riddle. He raked in a pretty heavy haul of the pieces while he was at it, and people did say, after the funeral, that it was not a little surprising that the old screw left such a small sum for the ad- ministrators to divide out. Now, I can see through the game, and, with a little assistance I reckon to get at Flatlock's hoard without his represen- tatives getting wind of the affair." "What!" exclaimed Bill, with a greedy expression of countenance. "Do you mean to say you've hit on an old stocking up the chimney, or have you come across any missing papers?" "Not exactly that," responded Hookey with a knowing wink; "but I've got a pretty good hint that there's a game worth playing on Johnson's gar- den if we take on the job before it's too late." The eyes of the other man sparkled as he guessed the meaning of his chum's somewhat disjointed and obscure re- marks, and he asked whether the mat- ter under discussion was known to any besides themselves. "Not a suspicion; there's no one be- sides you and I in the swim." "How did you get wind of the affair, then; have you been round Johnson's garden and scented the coin?" Hookey winced as he listened to the question put by his friend; and an in- voluntary shudder seemed to pass through him as he replied, in a sepulchral tone of voice: "I've seen a ghost!" "A ghost!" exclaimed the other, be- ginning to wonder whether the mug of beer had been too much for Hookey and had got into his head. "A ghost! What has a ghost got to do with it?" "It's a ghost that put me on the trick," Hookey responded. "I've had to pass round Johnson's place twice lately after dark. The first time I saw something white behind the wall as I went by; but I was too scared to stop. I can tell you, but when I reached home I couldn't help thinking that the spook was connected with old Flatlock the miser; and it struck me that if this were so, it would be worth the while to make a further acquaintance with the churchyard party. I plucked up courage next night and passed the house at a pretty late hour; there was a white figure leaning over the wall and pointing distinctly into the gar- den. I took the tip, as you may guess, and, if I'm not very much mistaken, we have only a little digging to do in order to get at old Flatlock's scrapings. That's how it strikes me Bill, and if you think the game's worth the candle, we'll do the thing between us, and cry halves over the proceeds." The prospect of a rapid acquisition of wealth left no hesitation in Bill Gasland's mind as to the desirability of accepting Hookey's liberal proposal. The possible rencontre a super- natural entity was the most disagree- able feature of the undertaking in view; but this drawback was scouted by both men when they weighed against it the probable finding of a buried chest es- timated by Hookey to contain a thou- sand pounds or more in hard cash; and after all, as Bill reminded his chum who appeared now and then to exhibit traces of nervousness, the ghost, was without doubt friendly inclined, or he would have singled out some other per- son for the distinction of unearthing the buried treasure. "To-night's the time for starting." Hookey went on, after replenishing his mug. "The sooner we start the better, or someone else, perhaps, may get in first and spoil the whole job. The night's about right, too; there's just enough moon on for us to see what we're up to, and we sha'n't run the risk of giving ourselves away as we should do if we had to use a lantern. We needn't bother ourselves about old Johnson; he sleeps in the front of the house, and is as deaf as a brickbat. We can take it in turns to watch the road outside for anybody who may be pass- ing." The two men thereupon left the inn, and after paying a hasty visit to their respective homes, they procured a spade apiece, and with a sack each under their arms, they proceeded in the direction of the haunted garden. They were not a little relieved to find that the ghostly tenant was not in evidence. Summoning up courage requisite for the purpose they vaulted over the wall, and made a hasty ex- amination of their surroundings. "Seems that I'm just a trifle out of my bearings," whispered Hookey. "Can't say exactly where it was that the vapoury party pointed; but I reckon that the big tree in the middle looks as likely a place as any where?" "We'll make a start close to the trunk. You just keep your eye up and down the road while I turn up 'some ground.' " Gasland did as he was bid, and Hookey commenced digging carefully round the big yew tree in the centre of the garden. The result of a few minutes' labour disclosed nothing in the nature of buried treasure. Hookey then tapped the trunk of the tree, which proved to be quite solid, and evidently was not the hiding-place of Flatlock's hoardings. Several other trees were then selec- ted by the energetic money-hunter, with a similar result. The more likely angles of the wall were next subjected to a rigid examination; but Hookey had again to acknowledge his failure to locate the whereabouts of his quarry. "Here, Bill, you'd better take a turn now with the spade. I can't hit the right spot from memory. I wish the ghost would turn up and do the 'sign- post?' business again. You'd better try your luck while I keep sentinel on the road." In response to Hookey's jerked-out sentences Gasland jumped into the gar- den; and, with the former on the look-out for chance strangers, the search was continued for another half- hour or more , but nothing of import- ance was brought to light. Half the garden had been turned over, and the only parts left undug were the open beds. These were then subjected to the joint attacks of Gasland's spade and an old crowbar which Hookey had discovered near the outhouses. The sky was gradually becoming overcast, and as there appeared to be no possibility of interruption, the watch on the thoroughfare outside was given up, while both men set to work in real earnest in order to finish their work of excavation during the short space of time at their disposal. Knowing that they would have no op- portunity later on of prosecuting their search, the two worked like veritable demons, until there was hardly a square foot of garden left for examination. The clock from the village boomed out the hour. It was considerably later than Hookey imagined. Mutter- ing sundry condemnations on every- body in general, and on the memory of old Flatlock and the ghost in par- ticular, he climbed the wall, and made for home, followed by his equally dis- gusted partner. "It's a bit awkward," said Bill Gas- land, as he took the arm of his chum. "that we should have spoilt our chances of having another look round by leav- ing the traces of our search, but I've no doubt there's nothing to be found on Johnson's premises. Mark my word, though, I should say the swag's on the outside of the wall all the time, and as soon as old J. will have forgotten about the turning over of his garden, we'll make another inspection—that is, if the spook doesn't give the tip away to someone else." A few days after the nocturnal ex- cavations in Johnson's garden had taken place, the mystery was suddenly cleared up by old Johnson himself. He had been imbibing himself somewhat freely, and, finding himself in a rather more communicative frame of mind than usual, he let out the secret to a friend of the midnight adventurers. "It wasn't a bad ruse of mine," he said, "the garden was running just about wild, weeds everywhere. I couldn't attend to it; the rheumatism kept me indoors, but the place had to be dug over, and I just tried the trick as a spec'. The white sheet and the laths did the work well. I remembered something about the 'Flatlock' yarns, and I reckoned that Hookey, when he had to come by after the 'pub' was closed, would see the guy and take the hint. He saved me a week's work in a single night, and it won't take long now to level the plots and get the plants in." The story soon spread and became the general topic of conversation in the village. The necessary consequence followed, and it was not until a con- siderable period of time had elapsed that Hookey and his chum Bill Gasland were able to escape the persecution which they had brought upon them- selves by their midnight search after Flatlock's imaginary hoard. 