Levallion's Heir. CHAPTER VI. , . THE TKNDEa MERCIES OP THE WICKED. Lord Lovallion and the Duchess of. Avonmore eat ?t breakfast ia tbe duchess's own sittiog-room. If was one of her habits seldom to breakfast with her ' guests, but to have one chosen companion at'her own'table. Avonmore was Liberty Hall Bince the -death of the duke, who had not beau exactly a com ' fortable partner for his handsome wife. Sue never allowed, even to neraeir, that she was happier witb out him, but the world. knew it, as it Knows every thing unpublished. She eat now in a Norfolk jnoket and a short skirt, making an extensive breakfast. Since Raven o'clock she had beun trumping from her dairy to her hen walks, hb thriftily as any farmer's wife. But her bandBome, weather-beaten face, with its shrewd, keen eyes, and her beautifully-dressed white hair, made her looic dignified, ia spite of her short Bkirti And her full blown figure, Lord Levallion was drinking a cup bf tea — very slowly — and looking at some dry toast with dis taste. He had been trudging in the morning air, and' had had & bad night into the bargain. But the ducheBB and he wero old f riende, and he' did not trouble himself to make conversation. . She shook her head at him »b she saw his un touched breakfast. 'That's not the way to get to a green, old age, Levallion 1' she observed, aB she took * ' second helping of baoon. 'But I suppose it's London habits that stick by you. Are you really oil thiB morning?' He nodded!. ' Surely you're coming np again soon P' inquir ingly, for Bhe had been tempted into the oonntry (or a week by tbe perfect weather, and had stayed to give her yearly garden party and get it ovor. 'You will be losing the cream of things!' ' I'm going up next week. To tell you tho truth, Levallion, I feel lonely when I got to my town house and haven't my dairy and my chickens to amuse me 1 It's a big, desolate barrack, you know, and I hate it. If I'd had a daughter to bring out it might' be different, ' wistfully, 'but without a chick or a child what are town parties to me ? ' ' Adopt one 1' said Levallion, not unkindly. The duchess shook' her head. 'Too risky. But I thought of having some girl to stay with me, if I oould find tbe right girl.' 'You've two nieces 1' Levallion was clever; not . a t&no; of his uninterested voice betrayed that he \- . bad an object in his idle talk. «« Odious brats,!',1 ^ returned the duchess, sharply. , Thoy - were the la$e -duke'a nieces, not hers. ' I ? 'Couldn't stahd either of tliem for a day. Tho only gitl'T'vb' seen: arid taken a fanoy to ia that nice lookingchild of old Tom Annesley's. But I don't want to have any dealiugs with that yellow-hairod stepmother of hers. I beg you pardon, Luvallion ! I forgot you were a friend of hers.' Lord Levallion looked up, a curious ozproasion on his pale, handsome face. '' Yon neod not beg my pardon,' he said. ' But I asBure you Lady Annealey is — a very ciovor .perqon !' ' She's a detectable one !' retortod tbn duclioan, ?smartly. ' And l don't think thoso ohildren liavo much of a life with ber, I dooluro you might havo knooked mo down with a feather when I raw tho girl here in a decant gown tbo other day ! Uaually her olothcB are disgraceful j last wiuter that woman used to let. her go about blue with cold.' Her grace of Avonmore, boiug a ducheaB, did not trouble to talk like one, excopt to people sho diolikod. And she had a soft spot for Levallion, in opito of hia record. Hia lordship hid n grin in hie teacup. So ho bad been oorreot in hiB little idon' that it was for him Sylvia had prepared hor Iamb ! ' Miaa Annealey looked hopeleasly unhappy in her , fine olothoB,' ho said, smoothly, ' but extra ordinarily handsomo, iu spito ot her tears.' Ha .pulled himBolf up sharply as if tho Iasc word had . slipped ont unawares. ' Tears I' The ducheBB started at him. ' What do you mean P I remember now. Sho novor naid .good-by to mo. ' I don't like to think of Turn Annealey'a girl crying at my party. How do you know P' ' Saw her,' laconically. ' Gavo hor somo good adrioe and drovo her home. Sho never spoko to . mo tho whole way.' A light dawned on the duchoaB. ' So that,' she observed alowly, ' was whore you wont to 1 You're not a good friond for any girl, Levallion, and I won't have it with Tpui'a daughter. Mind that ! I shall drivo over and sea that child thia afternoon. I've boon anegleotful old woman not to havo looked aftor her boforo ' ' Sbo?. pushed . oway hor empty plate, and got _ ?up. Lc'vnllion strolled meekly to tho window, Wh6ro he lib a oigarotto. The duoheso was a v good. woman, nnd Sylvia AnuoBloy was — othor-.. wio'ot lint 'it . was tho latter who had dis -Covored ho was rondy to marry nnd settle down At Inot, Tho 'duchuaB only romomberod tho womon ho had compromised j it; novor struok hor that ho ' might actually think of marrying u little country girl of eighteen. II' it had, she would probably hnvo put a spoko in hiu whool i to havo known Luval.ion for thirty years was not to envy hia future oountooi*. Yob to marry Ravonel Annnaley was tho only thought tho man had. Tho day before ho had cleverly ovatind Sylvia ond paid an impromptu viuit. to Anhesley Chase by tho buck guto ; a piece of 'diplomaoy for which ho was lownrded by coming .straight ou R'lvonol in the garden. Sho was alone : her littlo chin had lifted angrily wlion she saw him, but the next moment oho wuu ashamed. After all, ho had beon kind toiler twioe. Sho had nothing against him exoept that; ho waa u friond of Sylvia's. Lovallion waa too wino to ntny 'ong, though thoro woro no toikrs — and no hatpins I — to-day. Hor faeo wan as cold aa hio lordahip'u own, and hor in difference moro ronl. lie might go or utay, as ho Ukod — and bo know it. But lis oarriod away with him tho memory of her strangely quiet fner, uncannily, oloarly palo au nho Walkod up and down tho garden pntliu. ' Thoro gnen Lady Luvallion!' lie thought, on oortninly an if nho nbooil by him at tho altar. ' And tho sooner she iu away from that dovil Sylvia the ? bofclor. Sylvia wan iilwnyii a gimiuu at making pooplo miserable, nnd the girl looku an though nho biathor!' In spito of hiu noutouunn, ho novor thought— or ?porliapn would not have cured if ho had— that another man had boon thu oauno of that, whito I'acn nnd uoiubro eyou ; nor that ho hitnunlf had never soon tho roal Kavonol Annealey, all lifo and laughter, bub only tho ghost of a girl whonu youth was doad in her. It annoyed him to fall in with Sylvia's HohomoH, but, aftor all, that wuri a trlilo j aud ho know how to out hor olawu a littlo. There foro with nuourity nnd determination, Lnvalllon laid'siOQeto tho dnohoinij nnd ho uiullod ovlinly bd aho bnda good-by him.* ' Au rovolr till next wook/.'ho fa'd, nathoy shook htt«' Humph I',' ,hw 'g'ttOQi ooiighnd. dryiy.1 ' I'll 'uond'tor yoii when I ^cyou.uiy d^ar LiTalliHU. Lovallion chuckled when he got, father stiffly, into the carriage. He was warned off. That meant Tom Annealey's daughter was to be*askedto Avonmore Houbo. His lordship wob more pleased than by a dozen cordial invitations. The ducheBB, the instant his back wa3 turne d proceeded to Annealey Chase in state, though she would far rafchnr have frnnn nn hpr J)invnlf» Ijftdv Anneeley was, providentially, ont, Miss Annesley — Adams did not know. 'Then find ont, my good girl,' remarked the duchesB, calmly, sweeping by her into the bouse. She waa not to be tnrned from 1'om AnneBley'B door by the;sorvant of his two-penny second wife. 'And fetch. Sir Thomas,' majestically. But Tommy had seen hor coming and arrived hastily on the scene. ' He lookedl worried, und the duchess saw it. . Where's your sister, Tommy P ' she said, kindly. The boy looked at her. She was the oldest friend they had, bui even so, bis siBter's aocret waa her own. ' She's in the garden ; Bhe's not very well,' be returned, loyally. If Bavenel were fretting for Gordon there was no good in saying so. ' ' Shall I call hor for you P' ' Suppose we go to hsrl' slipping a stout arm through his.. ' Not well? What's the matter with her ?' Tommy was appalled for one instant. \- ' Dyspepsia,' he said etout'.y, with a flash of geniuB. . . 'Oh!' oommentsd tho ducbeeB, dryly. 'Vory like a whale in a butter-boat,' she added to ' her self, as ahe glanced at Bavenel, who r0B0 from her knees in the garden aB she heard the ruBtle of tho ducheae's Bilk- lined skirts on the gravel. 'I beg your pardon for not coming iu,' tho girl faltered. ' I thought you were Lady Annesley.' She looked doubtfully at her earthy handa and tbo visitor's smart, .whito gloves. Tbe duchess, in spito of her parting words to Levallion, had not como witii nny doSnite purpose; but the sight of tho girl's whito faoo and hard-sot lips— more than all the glanoo of shuddering nror sion she had givon her, thinking sho wob her step mother brought a sudden rush of motherly toars to her kind, worldly-wiao oyes. ' Never mind your handa !' she criod, sitting down on a wicker chair that croakud under her ; ' nor Lady Annealey either. I didn't oome to see her — I supposo thero is no ono about to hear anch treason !' with a hasty glance hehind her. ' I camo to sao you. I didn't think you looked well the othor day at my houso (roally the girl's freBh boauty' had astounded hor), nnd I came to ask yon and Tommy to tnko pity on a lonely old woman and como to London with mo for a month,' with n nod at tho two which not tho green and pink feathers on hor smart bonnot wagging. ' What do you Bay ?' 'Oh, myoyo — rathor!' Sir Thomas forgot his manners in hia joy. But tho duoheas was looking at Ea venal. Sho had not boon prepared to boo such n cbungc in tho pale, oick face. To got away from Lady Annealey and tho plnoo that had grown hatoful tj her for a whole month — ; nhe arid Tommy ! A slow red burned into her cheeks ut tho thought, but a second after her face fell again. Sho could net iro; nhe had no clothes (it to wear. Tomiuy was different ; a boy did not uiattor. But Bhe horaelf had not so much as a decent pair of gloves to wear np in the train. ' Wo — thut ie, I — san't!' sho blurted out, iniaor ftbly. ' Why notP Bueauao jon'vo nothing to wonrP' shrewdly. 'No !' with no truth and a red faoo, for hor old friond muat not think she was bogging. ' I just oan't.' 'Do you want to como?' slowly. No answer. Tho girl's lip waa trembling at tho kindness of tbe mothorly roico. Tlio duchoas looked at hor. 'You do! Thon that's all right,' cheorfully. ' Ao for gowne, I moan to givo you thoso. I haven't got any otio to spend my money on exoopt some horrid chits of nieces who don't neod !.t. That will bo half tho pleasure of having you. And I'll sottlo it with y ur utepmothor.' But Kavenol was crying — sobbing from bor oiok hoart against tho duchess's smart shoulder. ' My dear, I know,' naid thnt uoft- hoartod lady iacohurontly, muttoring to haraolf things about ' that woman, who did not know how to treat Tom's child.' Aud sho had, liko Lovallion before hor, novcr an inkling of Adrian Gordon's part in tho play. (To be continued.) 