WESLEYAN METHODiST C0 - FERENCE. FOURTH DAY. The fourth day's sitting of the frat Wesleyan Methodist Conference of Western Australia was held at the Wesley Church on Friday last. The President of the Conference '(the- Rev. G. E. Rewe) pre sided, and the President of the General Conference of Australasia (the Rev. H. T. Burgess) was also present. Theproceed ings opened at 10 o'clock. CoxHGoa.ari o PROr THE Govz=aOa. The secretary of the session (the Rev. T. Bird) read a letter addressed tog the president from His Excellency the Gover. nor, written on the eve of his departure, congratulating the Rev. G. E. Rowe on his appointment to office and wishing the conference the Divine blessing in all their endeavours. The actionof His Excellency (Sir Gerard Smith) was much appreciated by the con ference, and it was resolved to suitably ocknewledge the comiunication. Cex?orrrE or Parvmuxns. The following gentlemen were appointed to form the committee of privileges, which is a body elected for the purpose of carry ing out all matters of ceremony in con nection with the church on behalf of the Conference:--Tbe president of the Con ference, the secretary of the Conference (the Rev. T. Bird), .the chairman of the districts, the general superintendent .of home missions, the ministers of the Perth, Fremantle, and Guildford circuits, Sir. George .Shenton, Messrs.. W. Hardey, Jas. P. Walton, Theo. E. Lowe, E. J. Bick ford, J.'Veryard, J. Hawkins, 3 8. Battye; W. Simpson, B. T. Robinson, G. Berry, A. E. Forsaith, E. T. Owen, A. J. Wright, W. Ennis, G. B. Humble, A. Gbrrie, H. E. Moffiin, T. Abbott, W. G. Johnston, and Dr. Wilkinson. SUSTazESTroa FUDn. Thebalance-sheet of the sustentation fund was piesented by Mr. Theo. B. Lowe, in the absence of the lay treasurer (Sir George Shenton), and approved. The Rev. G E.B Rowe :and Sir G. Shenton were thanked for their past services-and re. elected treasurers." Mr. A. Gorrie was appointed auditor. Foansxo Missrio AuxI~Inrn. The balance sheet of the Foreign Mission Fund, for the period ending December 31, 1899, showing that a credit balance of £1642s. 10d.hadbeenforwarded to the General Treasurer of the Australasian Fund, Sydney, was read by the Rev. F. S. Finch and adopted. The retiring offiers, the Rev. F. B. Finch avd Mr. J. W. Lange ford (treasurers) and Mr. H. W. Congreve (auditor) were thanked for their services during the past year, and the officers were appointed fdr the ensuing year. Mr. J. W. Langsfo'rd and the Rev. HI Wilkinson were appointed treasurers, and Mr. J: S. Battye auditor. - The following were appointed to bethecommitteeforthe Western Australian Auxiliary of Foreign Missions: - The chairmen of the districts, the ministers of the Perth, Fremantle, and Guildford cir cuits, Sir Geo. Shenton, and Messrs. J. S. Battye, B. W. Hardey, J. W. Langsford, J. P. Walton, J. Robinson, H. . MoHn, W. G. Johnston, J. Hine, Geo. Berry, and Dr Wilkinson. A resolution was passed requesting the Foreign Mission Central Board to arrange for a suitable deputation to, visit this colony next yar in the interests of foreign mission work in this centre. * Caunca LoA Fuon. The balance-sheet of the churtch loan fund for the period ending March 21, 1900, was presented by the treasurers, the Rev. J. A. Jeffreys and Mr. J. P. Wal ton, and was adopted. Th6 treasurers and anditor (Mr. Theo..R. Lowe) were thanked for their past services. The former were re- elected. and MIr. J. Hin appoinated auditor. LIGAYr TO THE. Cann . The executors in-theestate of the late Mr. A. W. Lowe reported that a bequest of £100 had been made to the trustees of the Wesley Church, Perth. ' BooK ST~~WED's rEPOnr. The book steward (the Rev . J. . Jef freys) presented his report on the-book room, which had been established for about twelvemonths. The book-room had, con sidering the difficulties experienced in initiation, been placed on a satisfactory basis, and now contained a good selection of standard theological and other works. ' Tife report was adopted, and the thanks of the conference were given to the Rev. Mr. Jeffreys for his services. The Rev. G. E. Wheatley was electei book steward for' the ensuing year, and the following com mittee of management was appointed - The president and the secretary :of the conference, the., ministers oT the Perth, Fremantle, and~ Guildford circunits, Sir G?eorge Shenton, and Messrs. J. Bobinson, J. P. Walton, Theo. B. Lowe, J. W. Langs ford, and J. Hine. (CDmcw no TnUsr Psoma- rr. The reports of the district biilding committees were read and adopted.. The retiring commzittee-men were thanked for. their services, and the appoidtment of district building committes ? for the ensaing ycar resulted as follows : Eastern district: The chairmar of the ATMAn~1 the enrua~nsmAn m nC-a +km1m goorie. Coolgardie, and Kanowsa cireuits and Messrs. T. Hewitson $I. -Williams, W. T. Isaac, 3. W. Goss and F. Mitchell.' Southern District: The superintendent, ministers of the Perth, Fremantle and Guildford circuits, Sir Geo. Shenton and Messrs. Theo. 'B. Lowe, J. P. Walton, A. Gorrie and W. G. Johnston. Northern District: Ths superintendents of the Geraldton mnd Dongarra circuits, and Messrs. E. Pope, W. Jose,. W. Carson and Jas. Stokes (Geraldton), G. Waldedk and F. Pearie (Dongarra). The conference agreed to the following sale or leasing of property, as recom mended by the District Synods:--Sou thern-iistrict: " Northam, sale of 100 acres of glebe land, to go towards re duction of church debt; Albany, sale of three town lots; Bunbury, lease of town blocks and gleoe land for 14 years. Eas tern district: Kalgoorlie, sale of land in Hannan-street. The recommendations by. the District Synods regarding the purchase of land and erebion of new buildings," were approved:-Soutbern district: Perth, purchase of land at Leedekville, cost £110; Perth, to pur chase -lani at Woodville, cost £50; Perth, to build church, Leederville, cost £300; Perth, to build church, Wood vile, cost £300;" Fremantle, to build church, Plympton,-cost £500: Bunbury, to build church, Collie, cost £200. Nor thern district: Dongarra, erection of church, Black Flats, cost £100, manse at Dongarra. Eastern distrist: Kal goorlie, erection of church, Golden G?ite, £250; Coolgardie, erection of church, Burbanks; Kanowna, erection of manse, Kanowna, £200; Broad Ar row, erection of church, Paddington, £100 Menzies, erection of manse, Menzes. -Malcolm and' Leonora Mis sion: - Erection of churches, Leonora, Malcolih, Mount Morgan, and Laverton, £150 each. WzEsa?ax MsrEODisT ArT. The committee of privileges was di rected to take into consideration any amendments that isight be necessary to the West Australian Wesleyan Metho dist Act, 1895, and to report to the Financial District Synods. Woes or THE CHuR?C. The following resolution regarding the work of the Church was carried: "T'hat this conference places on record its deep sense of gratitude to Almighty God for the remarkable suc cesse that has attended the work of the Church in all its branches during the past ten years of our history in Western Australia, and that we, assembled in this, the first, confer ence, pledge ourselves to repewed con secration to Christ and to earnestly seek a fresh baptism of the Holy Ghost." In connection with the work of the" Sunday schools, the.conference passed thejollowing record of appreciation: "The conference 'places on record iti appreciation 'of the faithful and devoted labours.of the officers and teachers of our Sunday schools throughout the colony; and rejoices in the increase in the number of schools and scholars dur ing the past year." The following decision was also ar rived at:-"In recoqnition of the su preme importance of, the work and claims of the Sabbath schools, the con ference appoints a committee consisting of the President of the conference, the secretary. of the conference, the superin tendents of the Perth, Fremantle and Guildford circuits, and Messrs, Y. P. Walton. A. Gerrie, A. T. Wreford, and J. W. Langsford, to report to District Synod on the general management of Sunday schools, the methods of teach ing, the character of the literature cir culated by the Sunday school libraries, and all other matters affecting the pro gress of the work." T'nE CosNxmoN Busmsss. The following resolution was passed: \--"That this conference requests the Home Mission committee to consider the advisableness of establishing a Con nexional Office in which the business of the Connexion can be scheduled, classi fied, and recorded, and that a report be made to the Financial District Synod." Tws?r~TIE CENTu? Coxxaxoa.riox FuNn. In connection with theTwentieth Cen tury Commemoration fund movement, and the opening of a historic roll, the following were the final resolutions adopted: "A roll, to-be called the historic roll, shall be opened in each circuit, on which should be inscribed the names of all the members of the Church, teachers and scholars in the Sunday school,-commu nicants, adherents, or friends of Metko dism in Western Australia.. The roll shall be opened on January 1, 1901, and closed on December 31 of that year, and shall be autographic as far as practic able. A corresponding roll shall be opened, to contain the names of all col lectors and subscribers, and as far as possible each name on the historic roll should be represented by at least the sum of £1, given or collected, on the other. This roll shall be closed on Feb ruary. 28, 1903.' "That in each circuit, at its next quarterly meeting, a'committee shall be appointed, with a circuit, secretary or secretaries, to arrange for ilocal celebra tions, the appointment of collectors, and other details, and generally assist in or ganising and carrying out the scheme." SournTuvsraALux'GETmINGs. The following is the resolution which was presented .to the conference on Wednesday by the Rev. H. T. Burgess (general president of the Australasian conference and the South Australian conference) from the South Australian conference :-'That. this conference offers its fraternal greetings and con gratulations to the Western Australian conference, which is about to be consti tuted. In u.iting from the ministers of that 'colony, who have hitherto been members of this conference, it assures them of its sincere appreciation of their self-denying devotion to the cause of God, and expresses its earnest desire that the blessing of God, which has crowned their labours with signal suc cess, may still be bestowed upon them. This conference requests its president (the Rev. Dr; Burgess), who will open the Western.Australian 'conference as president of the General Conference, to be the bearer of this resolution." Mnsrszau SESIOx. After the adjournment of the repre sentatives' conference a ministerial ses sion was held. A list of appointments and stations was submitted for bonsideration. The only alteration made at this, the second, reading of the list, was that the Rev. Corly Butler, of the Dongarra station, exchanged posts with the Rev. J. B. Thrum, of Norseman. The following candidates for the ministsy were admitted :-Messrs. C. G. Carvosso, W. Lang, and B. Rooney. It. was .decideda that 'Mr. J. -Weir should ... continue -his studies" ast the Queen's College', Melbourne, for another year, and that Mr. W. Lang was also given permission to study at the same college. , The conference adjourned imntil' Mon day morning, but the ministeial session sat on Saturday. THE CRILEDREN'S DEMONSTRA TION. Queen's Hall, in William- street; pre sented a most. attractive appearance on Saturday afternoon, when the children attending the various Sunday schools in the Perth, Fremantle,' and Guildford districts' assembled to take part in a demonstration' in honour of the first Wesleyan coiference held in the colony. The'juveniles arrived by train or coach, and eachdetachmentled by tetehe t hers marched to the hall. There was no dis tinguishing badge or banner to denote "whence they camine," but in the hall were little rasteboard placards direct ing them to their places. There were children everywhere. hne main floor was quickly filled, then the children were drafted to the left gallery, and then the right iras found to be closely taxed for room, but eventually all were seated without the slightest disorder and with the least possible noise. On the plat form were the Revs. Dr. Burgess (presi dent of the Australasian Conference), G. E?. Rowe (president of the Wistern (chairman Eastern Goldfields Distrct., T. Bird (secretary to the.conference), H. Wilkinson, and severall other clergy men, whilst behind them was the choir, a large number-of specially trained chil dren, who did full honour to their con ductor, Mr. J. W. Iangsford. . The proceedings opened with the -bymn,- "Brightly Gleams," which was followed .by a prayer by the Rev. Mr. Wilkinson. The chairman (the Rev. G.E. Rowe) then delivered abrief but spirited address. He congratulated them on the present splendid gathering, which, he thought, would mark an historic epoch in the Sunday school work here; and in its connection with the first annual con ference it was a good augury for the future, as showing the happy relation ship existing between the church and the school. He trusted that this relh tionship would grow closer, and the boys and girls present would become pillars.of the church. To the Rev. Mr. Finch was due the greatest credit for. the magnificent assemblage, as on him fell the great responsibility,, and he was sure Mr. Finch would like him to thank the teachers and laymen who had so well supported him. • (Applause.) The Rev. T .A. James considered this gathering the best that he had attended in connection with the conference, be cause he could see the many children who would some day, he hoped, grow up and help to keep the church going; when the older people had passed away. Someone said to him, "Have you any children on the fields?" Children! .Why the day schools were so crowded that the Government could not build schools quickly enough. And some of the Sunday schools were much the same. In Kalgoorlie they had to pull down the building and replace it by a larger one, owing to there not being ' enough room, and at the Boulder Sunday school there was a regular "attendance of 200, whilst there wdre 400 on the rolls. He urged them all to stand to their duty, to guard their church and school, and when duty called to be like the Western Australian contingent, always in the front and able to give a gaol account of themselves. (Applause.) aMr. J. W. I:ngaford, after tendering the congratulations of the Sunday school teachers and scholars to the pre sident, spoke of the position held ty the Methodists amongst theProtestant chur ches. He contended that the conference would result in much good, and ~added that gatherings such as this reminded them of the magnitude of their church. Dr. Chalmers had defined Metnodas as "Christianity in earnest," and it to hoved them to be earnest in the work, as they were moulding the characters of the young folk, who, he hoped, would make the best use of the advantages God had given them and become pillars of the clhrch. (Applause.) The Rev. Dr. Burgess spoke simply yet effectively. Of all that he had seen during his week's sojourn in Western Australia, nothing had impressed or pleased him so much as this gathering. One of the speakers had said from these children the future pillars of the church were to be obtained. It was not the oldest or the biggest in the family that was always the most influential, and the speaker caused a laugh by illustrat ing. this point at the expense of an other minister seated near him. In this colony already they had 77 Sunday schools, 50G teachers, and 6,000 scholars. (Applause.) This was fairly good. In the adjoining colony that h1 came from the rolls showed that one in every ten belonged to a Sunday school. This was a very high average, the total being 37,000, whilst it was reckoned that for the whole of Australia there were 200,000 on the school rolls. They had no right to separate the church and school. They were one, and he wanted the scholars to remain true , to the church. They belonged to Christ. It was not a chance of "by-and-bye they w-ould;" they did now. After him the children repeated three times '"I am Christ's." "Whatever you forget of my remarks, do not forget these three little words," he said, continuing. "It is the first and the last time I will speak to you here. First stick to Christ, and then to the cshurch." When boys grew to the cigarette stage, or began to shave under the nose, and girls got to putting their hair up, they sometimes thought they were too old to go to Sunday school. They would never be too old. He had been a Sunday school boy right through, secretary; librarian, and all, and see where it had put him. -The Revs. Messrs. Fiy, Wilkinson, and Bromley had all been Sunday school cessors in the position he held as presi cessors to the position he held as presi dent of the South Australian Confer ence were two of Mr. Langsford's brothers. He made another fervent appeal to the children to remember the three words, "I am Christ's," and hav ing given the children his blessing. resumed his seat amidst applause. The chairman announced the pro gramme for this week, and the singing of "Shall We Gather at the River?" and .the Benediction closed the proceedings. MINISTERIAL SESSION. A ,ministerial session was held on Saturday morning. The president of the conference (the Rev. G. E. Rowe) was in the chair. The following preachers on trial were advanced in their probation, having satisfactorily passedthe examinations of the year Messrs. W. A. Hay, W.' 8\. Poole, Francis Weir, Albert Sussex, T. P. James, and H. Robins. The following probationers, who had travelled four yeass, passed their ex amination :--Messrs. C. A. Jenkins, H. W. Congreve, J. R. Thrum and, W. Corly Butler, the last three of whom will be ordained for the full work of the ministry on Wednesday evening next, in Wesley Church. Mr. Jenkins se cured the highest place on the examina tion list, but his ordination was deferred for one year on the ground of ill-health. The conference then proceeded to consider the appointments of the minis ters for the following year, as recom mended by the stationing committee. This business occupied the whole time till the hour of adjournment. It was resolved that the ministerial session should reassemble at 2 o'clock to-day (Monday). CONFERENCE SUNDAY. Yesterday was "Conference Sunday" in connection with the Wesleyan Chur ches in the Perth, Fremantle,and Guild ford circuits, all the pulpits being occu piedby ministers appointed by the con ference now in session. The president of the General Conference (the Rev. H. T. Burgess, LL.D.) preached at Fremantle in the morning, and at Wesley Church, P'erth, in the evening. The morning service at Wesley Church, Perth; was taken by the president of'the conference (the Rev. G. E. Rowe). There was a large congregation in the morning at Wesley Church, Perth. The Rev. G. E. Rowe took his text from I. Corintsians, c. 15, v. 48: 'Therefore* my beloved brethren, be ye steadfast, un movable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, forasmuch as ye know your labour is not in vain in the Lord." He described the work of God as it applied generally, and also as it applied par ticularly, and pointed out that, al though there had been a necessity in different ages to vary methods, forms, and orders, but there was one Gospel and one Bible for all time. There could he said, be no adequate or permanent success in the work of God unless there \--was on the part of workers the fullest assurance of the truth of the Word they held or preached. There were forces in operation to displace or make unsteady Christian workers; but there could be no failure to those who laboured for the htension of Christ's kingdom as apart from all others, for their labours would depend on their own faithe their life and the protection of their own character. In the evening the church wa; crowded, when the president of the General Conference (Dr. Burgess) preached, taking as his text the words, "The name which is above every name" (Philippians c. 2, v. 2). He said there was a power represented by certain names m all departments of human ite. but he ventured to say that no name Smeanevn~hln in the rrnam t the T,1r, l Jesus Christ in its range, in the submis sion which was yielded to its in the dele gated power which it contained, and in the influence which is wielded. In'art the masterpieces of the greatest master: were associated with'the name of Jesans. The greatest masterpiece of thebright east genius in the musical iorld bore one of His names, 'for it was the "Messiah," and the gem of that piece was "I Know that My Redeemer Liveth." Turning from the sublimity of majestic oratorios to what he described as the "religious ditties" which were prevalent, and -which their children sang, Dr. Burgess pointed out that one of the greates; favourites in the latter class was "Take the Name of Jesus with You." That name was, he said, above all others ins the affection that it inspired and the salvation for which it stood. "Thov shalt call the name of the child Jesus, for He shall save His people." Many people were anxious to be saved from hell, but to him (Dr. Burgpss) it did not seem to matter, because no one went to hell who did not belong there. They need not trouble their head about the controversies concerning eternal pun ishment. Whatever hell was, or whei ever it was, nobody would go there who was fit for anywhere else, or who was not just fit for it. His mission that evening wias,to present Christ to them -that charming name with its mighty power. The preacher concluded with an eloquent appeal that they shou1d submit to His authbority, yield to His influence, and allow his name to draw their hearts to love, and-above all, receive His salva tion in all its length, breadth and ful ness. 