PROFESSOR PEPPER DEAD. THE ORIGINAL GHOST-WALKER AND RAIN-MAKER. Professor Pepper, of "Pepper's Ghost" fame has Just died at Leytonstone, where he had recently been living. To the younger generation "Pepper's* Ghost" is more a legend than a reality,but thirty years ago it was as popular ns the* present biograph! As Mr John llolilrtgs head said in last evening’s "Pall Mall1 Gazetto,' the death ef tho professor "car ries the memory to tho days w"hen the miscellaneous theatrical matinee had not' been Invented, and those curious variety, showB of recreative sclenco called Poly technic Institutions' were popular with the clnsses who were blessed with mid day leisure without knowing exactly how, to use It.” It was In 1348 that John Henry Pepper born in 1821, was appointed analytical chemist at the Royal Polytechnic inr Regent street. For some years the ele mentary Bclentiflc lectures and shows satisfied the Polytechnic’s patrons, but: Professor Pepper began to find that some thing different was wanted, and he turned .Ills attention to the “ghost" method of il lusion, which a civil engineer named Dircks brought to his notice. "Pepper told mo that the idea of 'Pep per’s Ghost' came to him one day as h« was walking out of St. James’s Hall, when some rellcctlons from a mirror caught his notice," said Mr Maskelyne, oC Egyptian Hall fame, to a "Dally Mall” re presentative yesterday. "But there is up. doubt that he worked on Dlrck's idea, and developed the arrangement of mirrors and: glass, which made 'Pepper's Ghost’ cele brated. At first he WORKED WITH MIRRORS at the side of the stago, but Professor Sylvester, who Joined him, Introduced the mirror beneath tho footlights and the front glass on tho stage, and that was* the method afterwards adopted. "For a long while audiences did not understand the ’mystery’ of the ghost, but people like myself, who understood the use of mirrors, knew how tho thing was done; althuogh that did not lessen our enjoy ment of a ghost performance. It woe decidedly entertaining to see an apparent ly solid ‘ghost’ walk through another character on tho stage. "But the ghost had his day, and hoa not been much heard of In recent years. There is no* doubt that Pepper made a lot of money out of the ghost, but ho did not die rich. Nearly twenty years ago litf went to Australia to 'mako rain’ for the fanners, long before the American rain makers appeared, but it was not a suc cess. His idea was to cauBe rain to fail by means of aerial explosions, but he could not mnko rain fall where there wap no rain up In the sky, and so ho could do no thing in places where rain was most wanted. He afterwards became public analyst'at Brisbane." Professor Pepper brought 'out sueees- : Bors to the "Ghost'' in the "Sphinx” and the “Protean cabinet,” but none succeed ed like tho ghost, and "Pepper’B Ghost.’,’ will remain his chief claim to celebrity. Tiie boys nt a London school were re- ' cently naked to explain the meaning ,o£ n Bishop, a Priest, and Deacon. Only ■ hoy nnswered: "I never saw a BlBhop, so I don’t know. A Priest In a man ira the Old Testament. A Deacon is it thing you pile on tho top of a .hill and set lire to it." More amusing, per haps, is the story,of tho child who,1 tyhen asked what he know about Solo mon, paid: "lie was very fond of anl ninla." Being asked further what mada him think so, he replied, "Because ho hud three hundred porcupines!"—'"West mlripter." -,' . T(ie following Is tho tost of tho resolu tion passed at munofmis meetings held recently throughout Capo Colony:— As British subjects assembled in Capetown, wo desire to express our en tire concurrence with the refusal of Her Majesty’s Ministers to allow tlio South African ltepuhllc and tho Orange .Free State to retain their indepoiidenco, anil wo hereby declare our solemn conviction that the Incorporation of those States. Within .the domlnlbiis oCthe Queen can': alone secure peace, ' prosperity, ’ami : public „ freedom throughout South Afrlca. J.'sP '' V , 