Greybeards and Pair Ladies. FXRST DAY. THE Suffragists, with dread in their hearts, and note books in hand, filed into the Victorian Legislative Coun cil Gallery on Tuesday afternoon, and adjusted their spectacles, in preparation of watching the Greybeards argue the pros and. cons of the Bill. Before the Presi dent arrived,' a few lighter- hearted ladies, sporting bright millinery and modish frocks, were ushered into the red-cushioned seats behind the Benches. They evidently expected to be amused. Eyes twinkled in an ticipations, and occasionally a look aloft, and a whisper", signified their sympathy with the " poor suffragists," who were looking so deadly in earnest, and wisdom weighted. Now and then, a paper rustled, a point was discussedsotto-voce, and then the silence of the tomb reigned in the House.^ ^ At balf-past four, the Members began to file in, some turning to speak to Misg Goldstein, Miss Derham, and the other ladies actively supporting or opposing Suf frage. Dr. Enabling endured a few final taunts before he passed into the Chamber, for while an inveterate " Ladies'-man," the rosy-faced Legislator is one of the fiercest foes to the Suffrage. He is so horribly cheery and waggish over the business that he annoys the fair agitators all the more. It was a very taciturn Member who refused to smile at the sea of stern feminine faces bent upon the Legislators from the Gallery. Sir Rupert Clarke was immensely tickled at the sight. The Hon. William MoCulloch, who has always an eye for a pretty girl, looked round, over his pince-nez, and "took in " the class of woman whose cause he was to befriend. He could not reckon himself a Knight, taking up the cud gels for Beauty in Distress, after a glance round at the stern visages. No soft glances repaid his champion ship. The picturesque old beau for once, put tender sentiments out of his head, and addressed himself to the cold Goddess of Duty. The' Clerk of Parliaments stroked thoughtfully his flowing beard, arid contemplated sorrowfully-like the tender-hearted man he is-the small grain of hope the eager Suffragists were left, and the Chorus of Lamentations that would rise when the Division was taken. The President passed a twinkling eye over thesoene, as he took his seat, and the Debate began. ' v .. * * * It was the old business-the old ground covered, the old points discussed. Mr. Davis, who has the most musical voice in the Council, spoke for the Suffrage, cuttingly, concisely, almost electrically. Not a senti ment sparkled in his address, nor a ray of humour lighted it up. But the Statesmanlike speech sank in sensible hearts, no doubt, though it bore no fruit. Dr. Embling traversed his old course of argument, adducing some wisdom from it, and provoking many a sally from the Members. But he was equal to the attack, answering levity with equal levity, and one fact with another. But Mr. Harwood-the Grand Old Man of Geelong-warmed the hearts of the Anti- agitators by the power, strength, and grace of his oratory. He re lated a story, and invented a witticism, and rounded a period with equal mastery. He spoke eloquently to the point, and with considerable weight. Both sides listened with pleasure to the delightful speaker. Mr. David Ham next took his turn at defending the Cause. He was an emphatic and strenuous speaker, hitting home his plafn unvarnished opinions with a fist clenched in the air. In the midst of his address, the pangs of hunger seized the House, and an adjournment was made for dinner. * * * The Suffragists could not have eaten a very hearty meal. The proceedings up to the adjournment stage had rather damped their spirits. Mr. Harwood's telling speech in opposition to their Cause, stood out like a doctor's red lamp on the dark village^ road side. They returned heavy-hearted e gaUerTes*-iai the evening. Once more the d^e§a 'ttel4^seil^%sp.eHgay with millinery and brigl}tvfi;ocfldng. Lady and-' IVfcjss Wrixon, Mrs. Dunbar-J&^oper, |he Misses Beid, James, Bi'dc6i a^&Ofeany;" othar^'synti Suffragists-(less apatl^tfic^than the "--ire^^vere . ensconced in the dress oirc'W * '* Mr. David Ham, still vigorous and virile, took up the rope of his argument, and continued shaking his fist at the House. Interjections from the other Members ?were answered savagely, and the honest friend of 'the fair Suffragists plumped down on the bench, at last, well satisfied with having spoken his mind and fought his fight. * * * The Hon. Robert Eeid, with a beaming coun tenance, mounted his pincc-nez, and commenced a long light humourous ramble into foreign lands and dead ages, to demonstrate in the most comprehensive manner why the Suffrage wouid be injurious to the little cleats who cried for.it. He did it well-but took an hour to accomplish his tusk. "Voluminous notes helped Mr. Keid's memory. He was at his best re torting on the Members who interjected. He hit the bull's eye every time. The women in the galleey grew impatient, sneered, "poohed" audibly, turned their backs and showed their hot impatience at Mr. Reid's bnbbling humour. The Suffragists heaved a heavy sigh, when with a bewitching smile Mr. Beid offered up the ghost of his address and sat down. . » # Mr. Melville then bounced to his feet, and flouted every statement made by Mr.'Reid. The dear friend of the Suffragists showed fire, and a disposition to cuff Mr. Reid and several others, which Sir William Zeal promptly over-ruled. The fiery speaker withdrew one or two personal remarks and sat down promptly in his ashes. » . » ? * Mr. Edward Miller was a very poor and weak opponent of the Bill. He dished up his " Baby " story-the old, old one, which by this time must be a grandmother and dwelt on it and dangled it, and was very tiresome throughout. One or two other speakers rose in turn but said nothing of importance. At ten o'clock the President adjourned the House, and the Suffragists went home to build up hope out of delay, and close their tired eyes on the cold-hearted Conservatives of the Council. ZlNGAJU. 