THE TURF. TO CORRESPONDENTS. "Anxious," Adelaide—Yes; but only because it was the shortest cut home. Anxious," Eastwood.-1 At Morphettville. 2 No. 3. 6. "Bet,** Port Adelaide.—Ven?dj is a fire-year old l,y Ksuiiclicuu—Happy Briilf. Uy llr. J. H. liavii. ??Subsciiber," Cil.v.—There is a straight run at F)cn::r£i^n ot six furlonss. Butli six and five furli>D^ r:iLt:s arc ran up tilt* straight. "Joiief," Kaiiuiida.—You liieju Corrtquist. Yes; he \rtru ilil- i:i'iis Handicap willi :) ??l.. l-"rd ituJolph. 7 St.. l.jJdilo. G su 7 lb.. b.ing nvond and iiiird. Ily nvo and a lialf lengths, lime, 1 iuii!. -JUi sec. -V brown nlly by Za linski—Splendor. It is stated tJia) tlie l)rood niares pur cliaseJ at. the Cliippine Norton sale by -\i r. Arciiie Yuiiiu ; .re fikelv to go to linf land. Tlie Jcader oi wie Sydney r:o-r. Mr. H. Oxenii;im, intends ao thoitly leave for a trip to }"iiglar.d. Hio present idea is lo remain ifhere and bet. ?^w.iir^iian; who ivon a. race a feu" day* ago at Woomajgaina, lias liad a renurk ablc caioor. In ISM he raced around Syd ney, and sitice riion ?ie has run at Mel bourne, West Australia, India, and South Airica. IVo years ago lie was haaistrung ai \\\"odonj!u, but a wonderful veterinary ?-lehicvenjerr! enaJjled l)im to again race. A Victorian ])aper stales that if I^ouls ham comes to Adelaide he will only brm? Wild Haven. ix>rd Curcton and Foret e-Aibited poor form last Saturday, and (.?;:U!=td hini to abandon the idea ot rualunj Lhe journey with them. Lyddite is to leave Melbourne for Ade ?iUde on Jlomlny nest. She is said to he doing well, and W. Minter will most likely ridtf her in tlie Goodwood. Meet Admiral, who is to race in Ade laide, is said to have done well, and ihe loolis to be in good condition. Rosebud, wiio is to be a member of Hickenbctliam's Adelaide team, is a fister 'to Moss Rose, and is smart over siicrt courses. Xest Monday Promontory and Amour ette, are to leave Sielboume for Adelaide, Veneda, Siagelight, and I'a.ltnerstoii fol lowing either on the same date or to-day. Flyinp Fox (says a home pa*)er) likes his monthful, and. is not particular whether it is from the man on iiis back, the horse that is leading him in his work, or from the green grass. In t-he middle of a strong gallop he vriH at times take a snatch at the herbage, and woe to -the unwary jockey as, unless he is quick and lets the reins run through his fingers, be wjll pull him over his head —a thing t&at; has happened more than once. Xest to Sir John Thursby, who bought Calveley (says the "Sporting Times"), we have an idea that the man most pleased ro see the last of l riying i'os in tiis ooun try is John Pouter. He has trained too many good horses to tie nervous at having one unuer his care; but he is a very con icientious man, on whom heavy responsi bilities do not sit lightly, and in training i horse such as Flying l-'ox is, and is stili more likely to 'become, there would be n*fat anxiety and not mauy easy momenta antfl the Ascot Cup was over. Flying t'ox is, we have not the slightest doubt, a much better horse at this moment than he has ever been, and if he had the temper or Isinglass it would be pleasant to train him md see him win the Ascot Cup. Even Isin glass, however, is not left night or day, a man sleeping with him aJI night. So long js John Porter had Flying t'ox under his care, the probability is that he would say nocking of She anxiety lie caused him, but now that he has gone, and is not likeiy to run again, he will perhaps unbo.-oin himself, in which case the public will learn ?iometbing that will interest them. It i? well known that Flying Fox 'is what is cal led "a very high-couraged" horse, but the full extent of his courage is not known. We noticed That the lad who rode him into the sale ring last week was as white as a ghost, and the one who held the Jeading rein had not the appearance of happiness jn his face. The 5.A..1.C. committee have donated £5 from the Distressed and Disabled Jockeys' Fund to W. Munro (formerly a jockey), who is in bad health and indigent circumstances. 