NAUNTitiO SPECTRES. AT KOUICIGX COttiiTS. ttumo to tlu «£ the «»f At:; «Hy llvln» noon wMspored In Ans el roles—but V\\*h!ch have ossb n hushed up—of the appear* of the sprit n? whioli portends Imperial House of Hapsburff. “Black JLatly,’* in the corrldoi aheivj The hi hapless Knij: a prior to her terrible death, some to the spectres of woe haunting families of Germany ami A'c.striu -U' interest. Kn pussaut may be d that they are the supposed L' Plumed ladies in -’block, *' or ‘Ted- robes of the Middle ^ who are supposed to have suffered •a Terrible wronjc at the hands ei. some an <ee<3tor, Mr which they are casting a bane «n the ramily.' si known of these ghostly upparU nr the so-called “White Ivady” of the .1 ousv? of HohenKollern. which haunts the ***“ royal residence in Berlin, and the re pealed appearance of which Inis been oftlmos corroborated by the most "reliable witnesses that It cun hardly be ■wnibtod. And here he St said that all three emperors of the century have nrmly believed In Its apparition when T>oath stalks the ancient halls of the House of the Brandenburg MarUgrafs. This was even the case with the broad minded Emperor Frederick, who, it may t>e new to learn, was quite as superstitious ** hl3 father, and as, indeed, his matter of-fact son, William Tl. This -apparition 3,85 at various times been seen at the Mour of midnight, dressed in a long white tobc, hitting along the corridor of the chamber of death or sittiiipin Hhe mooir *ight in the rc- cess of a window. When approached. as some hold servants have .ventured to do. Tt raises Its right hand avllh n warning gesture, pointing to the chamber in question. and disclosing a1 marble-white face of exquisite beauts-; and youthfuiness, but with eyes nnd. mien of despair and woe. On the little; finger of the right hand Is a ring with1 blood-red stone of great lustre. I It is said, tew, .that the person thus warned will not see the year out. In the present century there are several authenticated appearances of . this spectre. notably on the three nights-preceding the death of the AnJeer William and If his son Frederick. On the latter occasion news thereof was ■In an instant brought to William II., who at once gave the most stringent orders to Close-all exits and make search everywhere in order-to discover If It was some Ill-timed bogus ghost; but ( oourse nothing was nin to earth by tt tcrriiled servants; and the Prince, wit those concerned, then knew that th noble life was fast ebbing:away, and h died.within im hour. The spectre is al£ -reported toliuve appeared on the nigt before tho then Crown Prince and Crow 3’1-inoees’s baby-boy and idol, Princ 'vallemar, foil from the arms of hi nurse through the. open window of a tipper story in the Berlin .Schloss, an wus killed on the pavement below. ] is, by the-way, curious (hat the "Whit .Lady" only appears at the death of born Ifolienzollern; for instance, there i no record of its having been seen at th •death of the Empress Augusta, wife c •the Kaiser. Another ghosi-ofthe3ouse or Hohon holierii, of which few have heard, is tha of a. spectral, young, and beautiful gir who haunts the old Scldoss in’ Konigs beeg, the‘former residence of-the Mark ^--.ais of 'Brandenburg-and the Elector of Prussia, where the crowning of th Kings oMMissia also used to take place ;',wi whereas the identity of the “Whit Lady” is shrouded in mystery, here w have a fairly reliable story to go upon It-is said that this sad-faced apparitio: ts the ghost of a beautiful young maidei wliose heart was already given to an «rtfcer. but who was forced lnt marriage with a Itrandenburj Markgraf old enough to be: he father, with the usual result.- XJ*v •ound a way lo the rendezvous of th hapless couple; and information of th meetings coming to her lord's ears h -.ixtorterl from the terrified woman I confession ol' lier guilt. Upon this th infuriated husband took a fearful re vengc. Tlie tlend in human form aC ■orally lmd ids erring wife immured I 'L swr,:t Passage leading to her apart mental For througli this passage he jover had been wont to pass to and re tire from her boudoir ; so here th wretched woman was starved to deatf having been furnished -with food an drink for-thr..-.- days by her husband « ns to prolong imr fearful agonies! sh might indeed have cause to haunt hi family for all time! p.ut the most re markable part of the story yet remain to be told : for the walled-up passuc is shown to the present day, and man suggestions have been made to the rulei «>f Prussia to have it opened to a-vei tain if this ghastly story bo true • bt all have met him with an emphatic re fusal, .there being a'record in the s---'-c -Hohenzollem archives setting forth th facts of tiie tragedy, and inhibitin the opening by any descendants of th -House. Indeed, when, the late Eir peror Frederick was Crown Prinr-e til local antiquarian society, knowin- h. broad views and antiquarian tastes askc Iiim to obtain the permission of his royt father to open tho passage and learn til truth, lo which the Prince readily eonser fed. I>ut lie was doomed to dlsappoiiv ment, for the then king flatly declined tl permission, "for reasons oniy known - myself;" adding, “You may do so win ■you ascend the throne and have read tt true record:" And. strange to rclat ■when the Prince liatl ascended the tltrot the society reminded him of the circun stances, but, to their great astonishmen received a curt refusal to have the seer ■of the fatal passage disclosed! The pr sent fin do..siecle Kaiser, too, lias angri refused permission; and he, like his pr decessors, has never slept at the haunti Schloss, in spite of Its being, bo to spea tlie cradle of his raee. Ho that this awf tragedy still remains shrouded in myster Apropos of the superstitions of the TTohenzollems—superstitions, by the way, found in all ancient royal families, includ ing our own—the'rulers of that House pos sess a talisman brought into it by a good -spirit said to guard Its destinies. This Is the curious "black stone,” to-which is at tached the following quaint tradition:— THE BLACK STONE. Since the time of the Elector John Cicero, who flourished towards the end of the fifteenth centui-y, each ruler has been wont, before his death, to hand to .his suc cessor a sealed packet. This contains a ling, in which is set a block stone said to ixa\e been dropped by n huge toad on tlie coverlet of a princess of the family just as »he had given birth to a son. Frederick the Great-found- the ring in a cover, wiiich -also enclosed a memorandum, written by -Frederick X. suiting its value and its mode oltmnsmlaa'.on. Schneider, tha JibrarlanVit William ,T.; declares that-he fw Ul<\- Pallet -handed by Gelling, the treasurer, to his royal master on his ac cession. and further asserts that he read' Ids account of the talisman to the Em peror, who fully confirmed it. , T^e present Enfjperor never Jails to wear on all .great occasions .this queer old ring, and has, | like every Hohenzol ilern, ,the deepest-respect for, tha quaint, -little jewel. Frederick the Great’s father had the Mack atone mounted as a ring and' bequeathed it to "his son , who be iHoved firmly in its value as "ti talisman, jiind lhony of the documents of that time % iloiiJiaVu-d in the archive at Berlin make* allusion lo it, THE BLACK LADY OF "WITT ELS* BACH. But almost stranger ami more uncanny tlvm the '‘White Ludy” of woe oC the W*»use of Iloiwnsollmi is the “Black Lady” ot‘ evil onion to the House of WUtelshnch. the hapless insanity-tainted royal family of Bavaria. This weird spectre has been seen several times this century, walking tin* old family castles of Xymphcfiburg and Furstomied, the former now occupied by several rne’m beis of the family, and the In t tor by the insane King Otto. But the "Black Lady” differs from her "White” sister by net being a "maiden young and beautiful,” but of middle age, with a "sorrowful -amt care-worn face.” As indclatod. she wears a long black robe, trafting behind her, of medieval cut, and her hair is white. This spectre is said tc have been seen -even in broad daylight ) Tills occurred three days before the sud den and inexplicable death of King Maximilian II., and is vouched for by no loss personage than his own wife, the late Princess Marie of Prussia. It was at Schidss Furstensteln In the spring of 1SG4 (of course, before the days of King Otto’s affliction), when a small luncheon party was one clay given by for the late Land graf -of Hesse-Cassel and his wife. The meal was progressing merrily, when the Queen suddenly happened to look up, and, to her intense astonishment, beheld, standing behind the chair of her husband, who was seated opposite her, a lady robed in black, gazing sorrowfully at hot. As quickly the vision vanished. On re covering herself she told what she bad seen, knowing nothing of the dire tradi tion. when a dark shadow cpssed the face eff her doomed spouse. He instantly rose and rushed to the. door, which was screened with heavy curtains and guarded without by an oillcer and two sentinels. But, on angrily demanding who the "lady In black" they had allowed to pass • was, all three most emphatically denied that any living soul had entered. The King explained the mystery to the awe stricken party os being an hallucination of his weak-nerved wife. But ominous stories soon floated through the castle. Three days later, in the best of health, the King started on his usual morning ride, and was sud denly 'taken ill,' In three hours he was dead. His death was said to be caused 1 by gastritis. "THE STARNBERG MYSTERY.’* j More creepy still Is the story of the sentinel who died so mysteriously on the night before the fearful tragedy on the banks of the Starnberg Lake, when the insane King Louis II., while out walk ing, first drowned his faithful physician. Dr Gudden, and then proceeded, ,as was afterwards shown, into deep water and drowned himself. The unhappy soldier stated that he was on duty at midnight In the King's corridor, when he sud denly beheld in the moonlight a dark figure moving along at the other end and descending the stairs leading down into the courtyard. Nothing daunted at the weird apparition, he rushed up and challenged, "Who goes there " But no response came, the figure descending and the soldier following. When he reached the bottom step he saw the figure in full moonlight glide across the courtyard towards the chapel, where it turned round; and. failing to .get an answer, he fired at it. But the gun exploded in his hands with futal results, and he had barely time to tell his strange adventure to the alarmed guard before he expired.. The appearance of this spectre is also shrouded in deep mystery. "THE RED LADY.” Such is also the case with the "Red Lady” said to haunt the old Sell loss at Darmstadt, which, according to report, was last seen on the tragic death of Princess Alice. But there is no rumor of Its having been seen prior to the death of her husband. Finally, it should be mentioned that the "White Lady” of the House of Hapsburg is positively said to have walked the corridors of the Hof burg‘near the Crown Prince Rudolf’s apartments on the three nights preced ing the awful Mcyerlinctragedy.—"Cham, bers’s Journal.” 