Sporting Topics. The Auckland Cup, run for on Box ing Day, bos, we learn by cable, been won for the second time In succession by Mr. A. F. Scott'6 br h Blue Jacket, li? St. Tx»f,er — Antelftne. 5 vrs. who car- ried 8st 31b, and won from tbe Hon. J. D. Orinond's br m Ideal, by Dread nought—Mount Ida, 5 yrs, Sst, and Mr. G. G. Stead's br g Skobeloff, by Step- liiak— Pibrocb, 4 yrs, 7st 41b. The time was returned as 3mln 33sec, and tbe winner's dividend was £5 3s. Last year Blue Jacket carried 7st 91b, and won in record time for tbe nice, de-! fcating Coronet and Record Reign and five others. On that occasion he was ridden by J. Scents, who accompanied Seahorse to Flemington, and rode' him in bis engagements, and from latest advices from New Zealand it was an ticipated that the Bamc jockey would again have the mount on the son of St Leger. Ideal, who finished second, di- | vided the New Zealand Cup with Ful i men at tue uanteroury jocsey v.iuu s Spring meeting last month. Skobeloff, tbe tblrd horse, has, so far, not lost ' his maidenhood, and lie must have been a frequent disappointment to his con- i nections. For Skobeloff's failure, liow- i ever, Mr Stead would derive some com- ! pensation from the success of that geld- ( ing's younger brother, Mcnschikoff, who, as was generally thought took tbe Great Northern Fool Stakes, and is evidently a particularly smart youngster. On the second day of the meeting Hohoro, Sst Clb, was first Tor- tulla, Sst 101b, second, and Beddington, | 7st 121b, third, in the Summer Cup, ! one mile and a quarter. The winner is one of the best sprinters in Maori- 1 land, and over six furlongs was quite | recently handicapped at 2ib less than | the crack coit Advance. The winner, I who is by Tnsruan (son of St. AJ- I bnust. paid a dividend of £7 17s. In the palmy days of the Victorian ring none was better known aud re spected than Harry Haines, whose death, wc reirret to learn, took nlaee at Perth ou Saturday, 22nd iust Sir. Haines had for the past few years set tled down in Perth, and latterly lie was engaged in hotel keeping. Mr. Haines was a well-known owner of horses, and bis " yellow, white sleeves, and black cap " were often seen in the van, but the most important event that fell to his lot was the mcidorable Adel aide Cop of 1SS2, which he took with Euclid, who won a great race from Commotion, Pollio, and Bciindrum, this trio dcad- hcating for second place. Tbe Ghost, Cremorne, Spade Guinea, Bod kin. Theodore, Maggie, and Bothwell may be mentioned as perhaps the best of the many horses raced by the de ceased. As an all-round sportsman Mr. Haines was hard to beat, for iu adui tion to being a capable horseman, he was a fine exponent of tlie game of bil liards. and at pyramids he was especi- ally an adept Sir. Haines was well and deservedly liked by all sections of racing folk, and his demise will he re gretted by all who had the pleasure of hie acquaintance. ... Apropos to Lord Durham's recent sen sational utterances on the rottenness of the English turf, Mr. James Lowther, n well-known owner, 6ays, if asked in what direction he would look for means of dealing vrttb the -various evils- of which complaint Is made, and the exist ence of which he freely admits, his re ply would be— (a) That owners of horses should assist the 'Purf authori ties by bringing to iheir notice any. cases of suspicious running or miscon duct of any kind that comes within their knowledge, (b) That handicap- pers should receive instructions to place additional weight not only upon horses whose individual running has aroused Euspicicru, but also upon ail other horses in the same ownership or trained by the same person, (c) That greater pre cautions should be taken to exclude un desirable persons of whatever degree from participation In Turf pursuits in any capacity whatever. In this last connection lie remarks that when the system of licensing jockeys was first proposed it was regarded as a bold in novation by some of the more timid school, and even now tihe licensing of' trainers is only made applicable to those practising their tailing upon New market Heath itself, while managers are under no control whatever, and owners of the shadiest antecedents are received, as a matter of course, with open arms. The Jockey Club must make up Its mind to rid itself of all ves tiges of timidity in such resrects, and so place itself in a position to discharge effectually the public trust It lias under taken. The ball will be set iu motion this afternoon at Epsom witb the Two-year- old Handicap, which is timed to start at 2.30, aud the remaining races will engage attention nt Intervals of half an hour bet ween each. x An American owner, recently returned from England, was surprised to find several American touts, whose names he mentioned, plying their vocation at New market and other meetioge. " They appeared to pursue their calling unmo lested," he said, " and had evidently found tbe field a very profitable one, as ail were dressed in the height of fashion. One of them is a diminutive little fellow, well known on the American side, who im presses upon hie victims that he is ' Sloan,' and he, together with the rest of the gang, find ready listeners to their talcs and information, emanating, supposedly, from Huggins, Wisbard, or other of tho American trainers. To pay such a large staff of men as Finkcrt-n (detective force) employs is, of course, an expensive item, but the absolute immunity from thievery and annoyance, which the race- going public experience in the land of > the Stars and Stripes fully warrants the outlay, and if they were dispensed with their loss would very soon be disagreeably uppureiu. Summing up tbe cbance6 of tbe dif ferent candidates for tbe Viceroy's Cup, won last week by the English-bred Up Guards, an Indian sporting writer, speak ing of the winner, says — " Why tbey still continue to try and win races on the Bat witb Up Guards when be bos told them very plainly that tbe class is just a wee bit too good for him, we know not. Over hurdles or across country he would stand a chanoe of richly recouping his owner his exes, and perhaps a bit mote. They made no such mistake with his own brother, Count Schomberg, who was raced impartially over the sticks and on tbe flat.1' The same writer appeared to be very sweet on Cherry's chance for the big event, for, speaking of the son of Lochiel and Peril, he wrote — ' It is not a case of colonial form versus colonial form. If it were, the Cornstalks would probably vote ns out of our senses to think of Cherry alongside of Dewey or Merloolas ; but it is an unseasoned horse versus one who is now thoroughly ac climatised, and who has, moreover, proved himself to be tbe best horse in India, and probably as good a one as ever won tbe viceroy's Cop." &.H. tbe Kuar Sahib of Patiala's horse, who won' the big Indian event last season, could get no nearer than third to Hp Guards, Tubal Cain II., who has now baa the bad luck to occupy second position on two occasions, splitting the pair. Tbe latter was bred in Australia, and is by Metal » Tbe annual meeting of tbe Boort Baring and Trotting Club was held on 22nd inet., when tbe secretary read a statement showing tbe club to be in a very flourishing condition, having a credit balance of £'92. During tbe year the club has expended nearly £300 in erect ing a commodious grand stand and other improvements on the coarse. It was de cided that tbe next race meeting take place on 6th March, when stakes amount ing to £100 will be distributed. Tbe Ball on Jockey Club has had a most 6uccessfnl season. At a committee meeting recently the secretary, Mr. Jen sen, submitted a statement showing a credit balance of £43 0s. 6d. m » m There was a good attendance at Maribyrnong on Saturday despite the hot weather. Witb odds freely laid on hor, Songbird opened tbe programme by leading all tbe way in tbe Maiden Plate. Xfinnr. who woe nlsn nn ndda on rhn.np.p. did not fare 6o well in tbe Hurdle Bacc. Miner fell two hurdles from homo, giving Cosgrove a nasty shaking, and after tbia Thistle had no difficulty in beating tbe others. Sweet Koee, who saw the shortest price in a good betting race, won the Hiver6ide Plate cleverly from Lily's Secret and others ; wbile tbe Purse fell to Referendum, a son of tbe Newmarket Handicap winner, William Tell. Miss ing Link got first home in tbe Jumpers' Flat, and afterwards successfully under went tbe ordeal of a protest, tbe ground of the objection being alleged inter ference in tbe straight. El&nd; was a strong order for tbe mile race, but be did not get too smooth a passage, and tbe finish was fought out by Gosport and Atb&ra;, the verdict being in favor of Gosport by a bead. 