A MAN'S VOICE. CHAPTER XV.— CONTINUED. ' A .Mr. Grey,' said the clerk, care lessly. ' Will see the other rooms, madam ?' 'i.Grey I' she repeated, not heeding his last words. ' Let me see — Grey, The Glen ! I remember to have read about them. Mr. Grey was mur dered?' ' Yes, madam ; but not here. It was at his office in the City.' ' Yes, yes, I recall it. And the murderer has not been discovered ? There was a daughter, or niece, who died. Why has the house stood empty so long ?' 'Well,' said the clerk, 'Mr. Grey was very stingy. He got the place for a low rent, as it was in bad repair, and after ths murder there was a prejudice against the house. So the owner hasn't taken much trouble about it.' ' Je comprends. It wa3 a very strange auurder, was it not ? There was a dumb woman ? ' 'I She only came to the house to work,' the clerk replied. ' Old Grey got her cheap, because she was dumb. She had nothing to do with the murder.' ' I daresay,' Mademoiselle Caserta said, smiling, ' that, despite her affliction,, she might have got a good place, having been connected with a cause celebre.' Perhaps the clerk did not under stand the last two words, but the sense of the speech generally was plain enough. ' No doubt,' he said, ' but she lef the place directly after the trial. I don't know what became of her. She was very close — kept herself to her self, as they say. The newspaper people tried to interview her, but she wouldn't answer any questions.' ? ' Perhaps she was wise. Ebbene ! I will see the other rooms.' The tour of the broken-down place was soon made. Then Mademoiselle Caserta said she was inquiring on behalf of her mother — they wanted a quiet, countrified house, not too far from London ; but she confessed herself somewhat dis mayed by the dilapidated state of the place and the long period of non occupation. She would make further inquiries, and communicate again with Mr. Seddon. Madame Caserta was a very nervous person. ' And we Italians, you know,' she said, ' are superstitious.' 'Good-bye to you, then, as a tenant, thought the clerk; 'you 11 hear enough hobgoblin tales to frighten a policeman.' But he resigned himself with the best grace he could summon. Mademoiselle Caserta drove him back to the office, and departed on her errand of inquiry. ? - . . 'Better pull down the place and build up something else,' remarked . the'clerk to his- fellow. ' She won't ? bite. Didn't even ask the rent.' ' She,' if the young man had only known it, never intended to 'bite,' but only to establish a foundation for making certain inquiries, which might otherwise have roused suspicion, yet, in connection with a possible tenancy of The Glen, were natural erough. Valerie never forgot that she had to deal with an unseen enemy, who '?might, for all she knew, be anywhere, hear of anything, who already knew ..one thing which might prove as the match to a train of gunpowder. '? She'must always act, therefore, as if . this man were, metaphorically, at her . elbow. , :.-. . '.':?.„ She must riot' give him the slightest ground for suspecting the truth. He might be stupid ; but, on the ? other hand, he might be keen and ?-?.subtle. . Moreover, he had not worked ... alone. mere mignc ue another ana better ? intelligence than ttiis own behind him. So Mademoiselle Caserta made her inquiries of one and another concern - , ing the house, and asked all about the -.. murder, as if she had no end in view Si. Jtrat;that which she proclaimed. '?? ... ' Of course,' she said at a con fectioner^, where she consumed some' ' ??? tarts,' for the good of the house, the i::-: agent would not run the place down; but if there were any stories about v : ? The confectioner was rather wary ; ? ;: there were stories— yes, but she didn't ?? ' know ! ? ; . ?????:.?'-?''? .... She was more ready to 'talk about the late occupants, which was what -?: Valerie really wanted. (,;-.. Jane Evans, the servant, was a .',' Very nice girl, the confectioner said. hi': ?'' She. went to a situation in Claphani ; might be there now for all the speaker ,' knew, unless she was married. Hester .Craddock, the dumb char .,',.: woman, sVie; — the confectioner — didn't ii know. . . . '?,? ... yj.-: 'She was a bit of a queer sort, from. .' all I've 'eard,' said the :woman,, .enig matically..,; ,??.;... ;?,..-!/,,.. ? ';,-T; :7;': 'jTo-T !'.- ? !.? And ' quite by chance' 'the' '''for- ? - ? eignerV went to the house jyhere Hester had ' lodged, in Vthe' stragglings of, Highgate. ??''?:''?'?'/ ???~';^ '''? It was a small, a very- small, .linen-' drawer's— a ' lifctln nnlcv. nlrlifiisViinnprV place,' 'which dated back/to all ap pearances, to the days when Highgate -i was a pleasant village. ;i .j;! ; ' : ' A little apple-cheeked old woriiari looked up, surprised, from behind her tiny counter, to see a customer) of; a class so much above that tokwhiehshe was accustomed. ?:??' 1' ,,!' ? V/iKr^o Lputfht several thing's/* put Jing:Hho good dame in the best, o.' humours, for it was rare that a cus tomer spont more than a shilling at a time; and Valerie's outlay of nearly ten shillings was like a fortune, to Mrs. Garland. Then Valorie began about The. Glen., Did Mrs. Garland . know,anyj;hing about it? She — Valerie — had been told that no one in Highgate was more likely to give information. ' I thought of taking the house, the ' foreign ' lady proceeded ; ' but I do not know. There seems to be something — something wrong about Mrs. Garland was delighted. . Hero was an opportunity of giving the full benefit of her information to a person who could not keep meoting her with ' I know,' ' Ah ! yes, so I've heard,' and so on. ' Indeed miss,' she said, 'I don't think you could ha' come to any pusson as knuw'd more than I know about the place, and, if I was you, miss, I wouldn't have nothink to do with it. I wouldn't live in it. No! not if all the money was found and they give it me and the 'onse as well.' . Perch6 ! You mtorest me. I heard there was a murder ? ' ' Yes, miss ; arid a woman as lived 'ere — by name Hester Craddock — used to work there. Not as I 'eard much from 'or. She was one o' the . close sort, and bein' dumb, though not deaf, there was excuses for 'er not talkin'. But sho'd talk to me sometimes, me understanding the deaf and dumb alphabet, on account of my dead brother, as is dead now, bein1 deaf and dumb.' '± snouia iikb co neur iui nuuuiu, Valerie said, as Mrs Garland paused for breath. And then, with many wanderings into byways, and interjections, and jumbling of facts with fiction, after the manner of her kind, the good dame told the tale of the murder of Martin Grey. ' And there's no doubt, miss,' she said, ' that that there Mr. Es niohd killed the poor old gentleman, but him bein' a swell, the Prince of Wales wouldn't let the judge punish him.' ' And the woman Craddock, what became of her ?' ' She left here just after the trial, miss.. I haven't never seen her, nor heard of her from that day to this. She was a queer sort, was Hester Craddock— you couldn't never get at her. She lodged with me over a year, and would you b'lieve it, I know'd no more about her at the end than the beginnin'. ' I fancy she'd more money than she'd earnt at old Grey's — he didn't pay much — not him ! He was a reg'lur miser; but Hester never seemed to want for nothink. Yet she never told me a word : and she didn't seem to 'ave no friends, nor relations, nor nothink.' . ' You would think,' said Valerie, that she would stay in a place where she might have got employment merely through her connection with such a case.' . - ' That s it, miss — that s what 1 ?jay. If she could please herself, she must 'ave 'ad something besides what she earnt.' ' Yot, if so, why should she work at The Glen for a mere pittance ?' ' Well, that's true ; only, she was a mean sort, was Hester Craddock. She'd scrape up every fardin,th.(it came in 'er way ; and I don't mean as she 'ad enuff to keep 'er from workin', but I do think she'd more than she got at The Glen.' Valerie chatted a little longer ; then she bade the dame ' good^morning,' and departed. Mrs. Garland had adorned her story with sundry instances — established on unimpeachable authority — of the ap pearance of Barton Grey's ghost, and her own sister's husband's nephew knew a man who had seen lights moving about in the house. ' They did say as screams 'ad been 'eard ' ; which, as the old man was not murdered in the house, but some six miles from it, appeared to be a dis tinct flouting of the usual canons on the part of Mr. Grey's ghost. Mr. Seddon saw and heard no more of Madeinoiselljs Caserta, and the board stuck up in the garden of The' Glen ;'? still proclaimed 'This House To Let.' ?.CHAPTER XVI. .'I should dearly like to know Miss. Derval,' said Ruby to Linwqod Erie. The were sitting on chairs in the park, looking on at the rirlei-s in the Row, and , sometimes quizzing them and others. 'She must be so very original. Fancy living in Bloomsbury Square !' ' Is that the' originality ' ?' asked Linwood, laughing.' 'Of -course riot— not that only; but it's of a piece ', with all I hear of her. i.'.Yau haven't met her, have you? ' ?.???;. .. , .. .._. ; . !- Not yet. They say she is very beautiful.' ' ' ' '' ' .,', : j',' They generally sayiha,t;of a newr ? corner,' obseiyed Euby. :''? It's sometimes .true.;. . They said it of you, you know.' ? ?,'i-MydeaivLin,'-said;she, laughing, ;',' what a clumsy compliment ! .But to return to- Miss Derval — I shall get .your worthy papa or brother to intro ;duce lieis' '': '?'''Liriwood stared.' .;' . . ??'.'? '':'' I shouldn't imagine she was in their :style, ' he said. ' Do they khow!tier?' ' _..-. .; , 'They will.. Bert Lesmore, whoso acquaintance I made: quite recently, told me that Miss Derval is going to the next lecture. It's on Vivisection, isn't it ? or Chinese . Mission — which?' ' Chinese missions. I am not going.' ' Don't; but I shall. I want to meet Miss Derval. I can't imagine why she goes. . She has been brought up abroad, I believe, and' Bert says she's a Catholic, or Ritualist, or something of that sort. I suppose she wants to see some fun.' ' She's rich, eh ?' ' I believe so,' said Ruby care lessly. It was not necessary to explain that this fact had anything to do with her desire to meot Valerie Derval. Mrs. Stapleton always had an eye for the main chance, and who could tell if she might not make a good thing out of acquaintanceship with this well-off young woman, who was single, and, with all her independence, couldn't go into society without a chaperon. ' H'm !' Linwood sucked the end of his cane, and looked dreamingly at a stout, lady who was bending from hei: horse (to talk to a- rather .too sprucely attired gentleman at the rail. . ' Ruby glanced sharply at her com panion. 'Going to make up to her ?' she. said flippantly. He started, and frowned. . .,' ' Ruby !' he said reproachfully. , ' Poor fellow !' She laughed merrily ; then lower ing her voice — ' Oh ! Lin, what's the good ? We're both poor, and in debt |' : ' You needn't remind me of that,' said Linwood rather savagely. Ruby, scarcely heeding hiin, ex claimed suddenly — ' Who's that man on the bay horse ? What an awfully handsome fellow — the man, I mean — and 'how he rides ! Don't you see him ? Who is he?' 'I see him,' said Linwood Erie rather sulkily. 'That's Leronz Es mond 1' 'Is it?' Her eyes eagerly followed the graceful rider till he was lost to view. ' Oh ! I'll get Lesmore to introduce him. Lin, do you think he could have had a hand in that murder ?' 'Because he's deucedly goodlook ing, rich, a somebody, and rides like a Mexican, he couldn't have committed a crime,' sneered Linwood, more ruffled than ever by Ruby's neglect of him and excited interest in this stranger. She knew why he was angry, and was pleased. . It showed her power. 'Don't be rediculous !' she said coolly. ' I don't mean that ; but really I don't see the motive.' ' Nor do I ; but I doubt your think ing of motives just now. It isn't very likely a man . would commit a dangerous crime for fifteen thousand pounds when he had got lots more behind it ; and Mr. Esmond didn't seem to care so much about money, anyhow,' ' No ; he flung it about recklessly enough, by his own showing. .But he is a rich man now. Esmond Royal is a splendid property.' ' You'll make me jealous..'' Soit ! You'd make me jealous if you wanted to.' ' You know I wouldn't.' Ruby's laugh was hard enough to .have frightened some men. ' ' ? . ' As if I ever trusted any man!'! she said. ' But don't let us quarrel. Poor people should hang together. Tell me who that pretty girl -is who has just passed. The girl with' the blue chiffon hat.' ' You seem to think I'm an ency cloptedia of fashion,' Baid Linwood. ' I don't know everybody.' ' Well, find out who that girl is. . She and her mother have just shaken hands with Mrs. Crane, and you know her.' Linwood rose immediately, though rather sulkily, and sauntered towards the chair where Mrs. Crane sat ; the girl with the chiffon hat had now passed on. He speedily discovered who she was. Mina Ferndale the daughter of a country gentleman, and this , was her first season in- .town, \ ... .', V,.r'. ' They want to get her off, I sup pose,' said Mrs. Crane. 'But there's no money.' T ' The girl is very pretty.' (To be continued). Who will say a parson's life is not a busy one; after the following ' state ment (vide ' Gundagai Times ') made by Rev. W. Anson Smith, in charge of Gundagai Presbyterian Church ? The rev. gentleman reports that with in three months recently he delivered 42 sermons and addresses; and travelled 420 miles around the locality outlying Gundagai, including Adelohg Crossing. : Ihe members of the Gundagai Municipal Council are hot' a iiappy family, and the meetings held by that body has;.resuited in 'little eJseL being done than an . exchange' of 'personal ities. A fresh set of officials' a're'''now advertised for. Parochial bodies are celebrated for their squabbling .tactics the world over, and many borough councils in New South Wales are' noted for such. Randwi.ck Borough Council, in our opinion, holds the pride of place. To a person with ? a mind abtfve ipetty matters, the ex aggerated importaricb assumed bv' many a villagb demagogue is extremely amusing, and one would imagine the existence of an Empire was often at stake during discussions. 