6LACKERY. Bet all {pen's «u» upon tiiejaotv Quhenbtown is Che lawyer's paradise. No less than 6*1 Court of Bequest plaints have been issued since January I. In deed tbo local oourt appears busier than even the pubs, except on a pay night. Rymul has put a few wea on to the G.W.R. worklioptng tofceephissyndioate's sights intact^ until arvanjrouiente oign be nude to introduce a BUllnto the Legis lative Council glvinganother ninepJOntW estension of tune, ^-i. Tub ingratitude of theso^ingooel The other night at the Teohnioal School dreary Herbert Nicholls lectured onJAto tralian literature, giving duo prominenoe to the posts. And yat he never ae moch aaaiojitionedW. H. Daivson, the author of that touching and painfully original sin, 'Starching to Pretoria.' Evbbybodt has heard of the little girl who prayed: '0 Lord, make me abso lutely pure, like So-and-so's chocolate ' ( but a little Sydney maiden strikes a more familiar attitude towards the Deity. Her prayer ie: '0 Lord, please send the plague away, and mind you don't catch it Yourself !' 'A Woman's Sin' at the Theatre Royal, fairly busted up die sensibilities of Hobart. Ail the hard old oases in the circle wept dolorously, and in the stalls the dear gir's dung close to their attend ant swains and sobbed their little hearts out. Hydropathioally, it was a great show. John Russell, an aged man, was dis covered early one cold morning last week outside the Oormanston Town Board office, dead. Opinions differ as to the causo of flie fatality. Some people place the blame on the publicans who mate no provision for the housing of belated ine briates. Others condemn the town Board for permitting puddles and bog holes to octet right at their own door, wherein a man may be 'stuck' for the night, unless rescued. _ The assassination of King Humbert byBressi will very likely resarrect the ogitation for international co-operation against Anarchists. Meanwhile the mad Emperor of Germany, who, the other day despatched troops to China with injunc tions to shoot, stab, and kill, and take no prisoners, will not be too happy, know ing that he is marked as the next victim. Victor Emanuel, Prince of Naples, is the new king of ItaLy. The Constitution Bill that is now being tinkered and patched by the House of Assembly, will spoil King 0*1(0116/8 chanoe for the Federal Parliament as a special clause makes allfotherside inter lopers Outlanders. Also, no workers, such as navvies, shearers. Bailors, or al luvial miners will as a general rule be eligible for a vote. There isn't sufficient Democratic fire in the Tasmanian Par liament to keep it awake after 6 o'clock dinner, so the reactionary clauses were easily carried by large majorities. With reference to a Cmppub para graph of July £8, referring to sectarian ism in uw umwuHiiuu vu-u|jui»uvb Stores' management, we find upon fur ther inquiry that our MoBtly up North correspondent had been misinformed. The Clipper is specially desirous to do jnstioe to the Launceston Co-operative Store, and to its manager, friend Mowbmy, whom we hope will accept our apologies in the spirit tendered. The Cupper understands the Co-op, is now in good going order, and promises to be a successful venture for those concerned. In his second open letter to the Hon. N. E. Lewis, Attorney-General, on mat ters appertaining to the Hobart Gaol, ' No. Ill ' says inter alia : ' It is a well known fact that the only ways remissions have been obtained are either through petitions, which are seldom of any use. Parliamentary influence, or (the pleading of tome young female relative, the wife or sister of a prisoner, willing to throw her self at the feet of the Attorney-General Af the day,' Young female relative, eh ! Wouldn't an old one do? This presu mably belongs to what the man in the street generally looks upon as 'Parlia- mentary perks.' What ho! Did anyone say ' She bumps f ' v The Sydney Electoe is responsible for the following story s An exchange has a yarn concerning an imported actress who did not like the Australian climate :— ' It is ver' f onny— it put me off mine own head. Las' night, I go sleep in mine own bad, und dis morning I vako'oop und fin' mineeeluf in mine hooBband's bed.' Which reminds me that a once favorite foreign songstress, who had a large family of singing daughters and did not sleep alone, thus expressed herself at dinner in Bydney, one Sunday, to a Urge circle of visitors:— ' In dis oountree, I always tro off de clo'es in mine sleep. It kill me, onlee for mine husband. He cover me un, deux, trois, sewen times while I sleep Jjjst night. Did you not, Henri, mon ange ? ' The frequent discoveries made by the Custom Department show that the pre sent Star chamber method of dealing with smuggling suspects is not satisfac tory, even if it doesn't directly encourage evil doors. When an importer ie proved guilty of attempting to defraud the reve nue, it should be part of his penalty to suffer exposure to the general public ; and the Customs should be no respecter of persons. The other week the Bevenue officers took possession of several Hobart jewellers' shops, and it'is said that in more than one instance smuggling was sheeted home. As these cases will not bo tried by any properly constituted court, and, indeed, the prosecutors (the Customs Department), will ho the judge and jury, there can bo little justice meted out ; and even the smugglers will have reason to doubt impartially, us it usually happens under Star Chamber rule tbs worst offenders are tlie most fortunate, — and anyhow, tho biggest smuggler can best afford to buy political influence, which counts at the Customs and Traa» sury. j Lohb, who is an acknowledged cham pion in his line, and knows how to adver tise a show a littlo better than most tlie tl agents, scored § ipolnt by billing jurne Tpn ?the'fljjjp tho Broadford bar, ; Jones, was hanged, With jit happened to ^bnos.' '-? *«'? ; .. BviBBNOE is. .not wanting that this Btftitex.,»tM»&..Smk JiKBStom Sailway, will cripple the Ministry and finally drive them out of office. They are a ?spineless crowd, deficient of the necessary fpurage b- granplo with tho Northern blookvote, which, like a nettle, would be ftrand harmless enough if grasped by a vigorous administration. Hobart is de termined about the G.W.R., and even lions in the path must step out of the road, or be Battened out. Already Southern members are being influenced to form a third party, whose object it will be to kill the Ministry if they con tinue to say Yes-No to the railway con struction. A becent Midland marriage was a funny affair, wherein the Native Born failed to fulfil expectations. After lead ing his bride, who whs a buxom widow, to the altar, the N.B. bridegroom le vanted, as he wanted further advice from his grandfather. His more ex perienced better half didn't bother to chase him through the snow but re turned to .her former mother-in-law. The next day an aunt and two cousins packed the poor benedict into a cart and de livered him to his wife, who, with the assistance of her two sturdy sons, for mally took possession, and told him not to be 6U3I1 a fool, us she could teach him more than hie grandfather ever knew. Something about Labor conditions in South Africa: — In Zanzibar, slavery is legal and British officials have returned escaped skives to their owners ; in Natal, all natives not employed by white men may be impressed for six months work per annum on the roads; in Bechuana land, after the late rebellion, tha slaves were indentured as virtual slaves to the Cape farmers for a term of years ; in Bhodesia, the chiefs are compelled to fur nish batches of young slaves to work in the mines' and the taxes are in money not in kind, so that the Kaffir must work for the invader or be flogged ; in Kim berley, the natives are practically slaves while at work on the diamond fields. One Edward Pulnford has started a paper in Sydney called 'Our Countby.' Pulsford would protect the Australian Commonwealth from the devilry of Pro tection and would lead it in the paths of fiscal happiness. The new editor has, in his idle of Freetrade urophet iuflioted Sydney people for the Iqgt quarter of a century, and nowadays even Freetraders find life too short to read Pulsford, only the grandmotherly Hbbald would be guilty of not dumping his m.s into the w.p b. Odb Counts? is made somewhat picturesque with wooden pio tures, which the imaginative Pulsford appears to think might be misunderstood, as representing 'Holiday soenes at Chow der.' or a 'Night among the Chows,' so to avoid dreadful happenings he ex plains the cartoons in sterile proBe. Duke of Saxe-Oobubg, aged 60, died suddenly on Monday from paralysis of the heart. The deceased was the second son of Queen Victoria, and better known in the English world as the Duke of Edinburgh. He visited Australia in H.M.S. Galatea in 1808, and was shot by O'Farrell at Clontarf, Sydney, which deluged that city with ' ribbonism,' and boomed the Orange Lodge into the most powerful political N.S.W. organ isation — a position which it main tained many years. The Duke failed to make any special mark either in English or German history ; and, if re membered, will probably be known as the Champion Mean Duke. Even .when spending holiday in Australia, and as a young man sowing his wild oats by the wayside, he was always distinguished for thrift and being ' swift on the make.' Key. Abch. Tubnbcll has again been ordered into Melbourne Hospital by his medical advisers, who intend to operate for cancer, wliich, it is feared, is growing upwards into the bowels. Last Saturday the rev, gentleman was hopeful and cheery ; but Mr. Stephen Barker writes to Mr. James Patou that ho left our Democratic comrade with ' the impres sion that his suffering for the last 18 months had made such inroads that to day very little more would suffice to cut the chord of life.' Mr. Turnhull desired to be remembered to all friends. The A.N.A. (Hobart branch) did itself brave on Friday, July 27, at the Refe rendum banquet, given at the Metropo litan Hotel President A. J. Nettlefold was in the chair, aud the Natives num bered among their guests Premier Lewis, ex-Premiers Braddon and Dobson, and other notorious political pilots. Need less to say, it was a talking function— everybody orated. Ewly in the evening an honest attempt was made to blend a little harmony into the business, but it was crowded out, and the convivial quiet souls were content to listen und smoke. The air, in consequence, became laden with the elements of verbosity, and some thing serious might have happened had not Poet Dawson tuned the occasion to sweet nothings ; and so politicians Oppo sition and politicians Ministerial were as meok 86 the lion of the Millenium. 'The Britisher,' in the hands of Her bert NichollB, was heartily toasted, and the following soions of John Bull respon ded on his behalf : one of the Pellioan Brigade— (the only nervous man in the room)— a life insurance agent, and the above-mentioned poet. Ye gods and sar dines ! Even funnier things might have happened, pnly that the ale jugs threat enedto run dry. Hqwever, the CurPEB cjnio (vis as big a sinner as any other Native, and got very merry, despite the politicians, and thoroughly enjoyed the night out, and wants another Referen dum banquet to happen soon. After all, the A.N.A. don't' take life too seriously, although inflicted with the love of poli tiolawi *?W *boufc 'Blshopneourfc' and the aojoining regions, where the population consists tnoBtly of people of tLe name of Hamilton, the Corporation has been planting : shade-trues for *he adornment of the thoroughfares. Tp proteot these tender trees from injury, pending the ereotion of railings, two men (said to be laborers of the Corporation) We been employed as watchmen. The man on night duty is a ouriouB couple of yards Of; foolishness who wears a long grey bluey and white moleskin pants. He moons aronnd in an aimlessly inquisitive ma*nBr#id thanks to the ptiloi of his **iment has frequsWlj teen mistaken for the only ghost. Oae night recently |e narrowly esoapod destruction. Query t How would the survivors of this person «nd the Corporation stand under the Jmployera' Liability At* if the person died suddenly in this way f- And why this curious association of shade-trees with a locality mostly tenanted by per sons of the name of Hamilton 9 The horrors of warl Trooper McLeod of tho Burnie detachment, writes from Eioonstad : 'There is nothing much to write about, % am quite welL but very lary. WebaVBnothJngtodoand plenty to eat and drink. Tt is very cold at night, but the days are just like summer in Tasmania. There was a littlo fight ing about 10 miles from here last night. Some of the men in camp heard the big guns— but I slept too well. The people I hero do not take as much notice of the war as people in Tasmania. Hutton, that was supposed to be dead, has been a prisoner. He escaped from Pretoria flie night before it was taken, and ar rived here tho night before us. He has joined us. I lent him my horse to go out to-day; I was too lazy myself. I think when I have done my turn I will be like a lot more— too lazy for work. fcoKuenng is about the lazieBt trade on earth.' TRADmoH. In the world dwelt & giant, Big name was Tradition, All men bowed to him. Lo, one day came a man, And defied the Riant, Who craohed him with qoiok, hnge handa, Till red blood spattered the green grass : While all the slaves shrieked, ' Foot I ' Tears passed, and men. Looking on his white life, said, 'There lived a hero!' But the man was dead. Ernest Neal Lyon in Munsey'e Magazine. Hebe is a true but horrible story told by a correspondent in the Orange Free State. The owner of a farm saw his pigs eating something not far from his house, and on his nearing the spot found it was an English soldier that the pigs were enjoying. In the pockets of the soldier he found a letter written by the wife of that soldier, and to his great grief ho had to read the following sen-, tenoe :— ' I hope the day will soon dawn that you will be done with pig-sticking and bring a young pig home with you.' And actually a pig was eating him ! 