LOYAL TO THE LAST. COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER III. By M. E. O. Malen, Author of “A Fatal Silence,” “A Daugh ter of the Philistines,” "Neither Widow nor Wife,” “Those Three,” “Some Per son or Persons Unknown,” etc., etc. PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGE MENT. Hannah was a cross-grained, sharp tongued old woman, but she had one vir tue, at any rate. She was sineerely at tached to her mistress [?] served with great years. /S>Jr r " \Q- She let Marga£e%jwhere fallen, and ran sp§t4irsl4» fjfieLdrawipg room, and was dswnW the ffoor Miss Moore, her lap in less thanfigjfa her tears fell fast. fP P&e;«idear f r poor dear!” she kept murmuring, as she kissed the unconscious face, lavishing on her those caresses which the difference of their station had prevented her from showing before. _ ' The self-sacrificing affection of this woman had always been a marvel to Mar garet, seeing what a' disagreeable object it had. For Miss Moore Hannah had given up the lover of her youth, and slaved and pinched; rarely getting a kind word in return, but treasuring up the few she received as if they were pearls of great; price. She had known her mistress when she was young, and lovely too, she declared— though this seemed hard to believe, Mar garet thought. And she would talk of her past sorrows with tears of sympathy in her eyes, though she would- never say what those sorrows had been. But they and the “ rheumatics” accounted for and oxcused all Miss Moore’s irritability, ac cording to Hannah, and prevented Mar garet from having any cause for com plaint if she were ever so harsh. It was strange, but these anomalies are sometimes seen, and to sacrifice herself was a necessity of Hannah’s nature. Certainly,-as she looked on the dead dis torted face in her lap, and covered it with the rain of her tears, she had no need for for she had been a faithful and devoted servant, although she would torture herself in the years to come with the thought that she might have done, more. Hannah sat where she was for full -ten minutes, and then she laid a cushion under Miss Moore’s head, covered her body with a rug, and went downstairs. Maragret had recovered somewhat by this time, and had crawled towards the table, where a jug of water was standing, drunk a little, and bathed her forehead and wrists with the rest. She had ma naged to lift 'herself on to the settle when Hannah appeared. She looked ghastly, and her teeth chattered in her head. “ Is—is she better ?” she asked. “Better!” echoed Hannah. “She :s dead—you told me so yourself.” “ Yes. I know—but I don’t un derstand those things. I h-hoped I mighc have b-been mistaken.” Hannah shook her head solemnly. “She is gone; but I shall go for the doctor first ,although it is of no use, and then for the police.” “ The police ?” Margaret stared at her in horror. “Why?” “ She has been murdered.” “Oh, no, no! Impossible!” cried the girl. “ What could have made you think of such a thing P” “I saw it,” replied Hannah, impres sively. “ Saw what?” gasped Margaret. “ Saw the wound—and the murderer, too.” “Oh, my God!” she sighed, as if she were on her knees at prayer. “ As plain as I see you now,” continued Hannah; “so plain that I could pick him out from amongst a hundred. _ He came down the stairs on tip-toe—he didn’t want to be heard, of course—and I was at the kitchen door. I hadn’t lighted my lamp here. Mistress was complaining we j burnt so much-oil, and as I was only rest ing I didn’t .want a light, so X could, not lie seen. He_ stood under the ball lamp for a few seconds, and he held something glittering in his hand that might have ' been a gold chain. I am- not sure about that, but I am sure about his face, any how.” “Why didn’t you run up to see what was the matter?” enquired Margaret, ra ther more calmly. . ■ ■ “Because he looked like a gentleman; and I thought he was your lover: I had heard poor mistress scolding as if some thing was going on she didn’t like, and I knew she wouldn’t approve of courting, under her very nose, too. If she had' wanted me she would! have rung- I never went up without, though. I . have lived with her thirty years.” . :. “ You say you saw the man who came down quite plainly, Hannah- What was he like?” “Very tall, very straight, with a pale face (he mignt'weU . look pale), closely cropped light hair, and a sort, goldy cclored moustache that hid all his upper lip. He had broad white hands, and he wore a thin 'gold ring on one; of,his little fingers. If I had' only known ivhat he had done to poor mistress, I would .have,, caught hold of himand held him.till some one came,” she added, with, a hew burst of tears. “ And Til set the police on. him. as it is,” catching at a shawl and throw-., ing it over her head,, as she. went, along the passage. “ Yon had better lock the door after me, or he may come back and murder you next.” “I,cannot stay here alone, :replied Margaret’, shuddering... • “ I .will go with. you, Hannah,” “.It isn’t, the dead.who harm us, but the living,’? said the old woman, sorrowfully. “ What could mistress do to,you, lying so. still up there?” ■ -w/‘-- . , , “Nothing: I know,” she said, straight ening herself. “It is-only the: feeling, when yon are not accustomed:to-death. People get hardened after awhile.” ' Hannah' had 'never "been actually un kind to Margaret. ~ She had made .her work haxdcertaibly, hut.then’Miss Moore had told her' the girl had come'. for ; that, and, was well paid for what she.did, 60 ; that she deemed this no wrong, but otherwise she; had been' amiable, enough. Indeed, once: in a moment of epanche ment, she had confessed that it .was plea- , sant to have soinetMng young' about;the . house, adding that Margaret reminded her a little-of Miss Moore, when she was a girl: “ Although,”, she, hastened to add, “ you are not half so beautiful.” Margaret had been out of A favor for nearly a fortnight for expressing her firm conviction that" Miss Moore’had never, been beautlfud at all. “ She couldn t.be so ugly how if she had been,” she added, uncompromisingly “ Hgly! ' Mistress ngly!”;Ahe, kept .re-, pcatihg, and made the Kitchen so,unplea-, sant to Margaret after this, that .she . was, glad to make herself scarce. ’■ . • Still, on the whole, they had jogged, on pretty well together, ana Hanhah was, truly sorry for her how,, thbugh .she was, still more sorry for herself, i • “Come into the dining-room and have' a glass of wine,”' she said.'. '!“lndeed wo should .both he the bettpr- for ono. wasi never,sovupset in all mydife-before.”,- y, “But the keys?” said Margaret-, . v “■They’re in the basket..-, Come!” , These keys had always > been jeaulously' guarded by Miss Moore, T and. only, .taken, out : in a furtive suspicious way A-which of-, feuded: Margaret’s .pride:::-. - They were sometimes handed l over to -Hannahy,with, a strict injunction to”!bring them badk. as soon as possible, and-,Miss .- Moore had. slepfc-with •4hem•:•tt^lllder‘-’-.:•ller f . ; •.•j^fllpw■^^ , night.' ■ r •' " r -V - - I’' There seemed.no need.for cautions if: she: had no-i^uableSjJas-'shfei; was constantly 'assuring was impossible; nofotphpveT/tgnilW'Knw of b andlethenr,': and the r si and ppeg.' at her touch/i.-’’ “ BraMy.woidd : X_eX )^t^9-nra^o th,?’7 the latter said, as t s£e brqngh(; out the bottle. “ Yon-ldok : as ! if Voq-WOTe-scgr,edf out of y,onr f life J; ;Miss: is the 'truth -A ' and <I; f eeV self. We heart into ns ’ jil, : fjnfy She poured lOnt iomenXwft. WiftV'iliMq a tumbler^, bade the other drink every drop) which she did. Then-she mixed- herself ■ a stronge.dose, and disposed of it almost at • draught. - - “I’ll go'and have one look at her 'be fore we start,” she said,- as she pub down the glass. “ You can wait here, 'if you like.” - ' : :• ; But Margaret followed her upstairs, and stood bn the landing whilst she went in. Hannah shut.the door softly behind her, when she came out/and shook, her - head gloomily, but she did not speak un-. til they were out ia/the garden. Then she said fiercely— : " “ Someone will have to pay for this. I’ll never rest until I’ve hunted the mur dered down.” - . “What would be the use?” Margaret asked. “You cannot bring Miss Moore back to life.” “'But I can avenge.her death. I be lieve I was the only creature in the world who cared for her, -and it’s my place to iseo her righted.” | “ You talk in a very foolish way,” ob served 'Margaret harshly. “You have nothing to do with your mistress now.; she is in God’s hands, and if it is right she should be avenged. He will avenge her.” “But I’ll help,” replied the old wo man determinedly. “Of course, you want me to keep quiet because that young man was your lover. I knew that all along.” : “Then you knew more than I did,” re sponded Margaret, whom the unwonted spirit had calmed and steadied strangely.- “ I saw no man.” “Pshaw! What’s the use of lying, Miss Margaret ? He came straight down stairs from the drawing-room; because I ■saw him, at any rate, and I heard my mistress screaming out at you before.” “ That was so common. I: wonder you ever noticed it,” said the girl, coldly. “You didn’t try to please her.” “ That is not true. I~ tried hard. She made quite a servant of me.” “It’s no-diserace being a servant,” re torted Hannah,-sulkily. “ Not the least in the world—on the contrary; but whatever class you are bom in .you expect to remain in.. And a-s I was not asked to come here as house maid I had no right to be treated as one.” “You never got any hurt,” old Hannah answered sharply. “ And as you made extry work you had to help with it. I couldn’t do for more than one, and mis tress said you might be thankful to get a good home on such easy terms.” • “ I found them so far from easy I in tended to write to iny father to-morrow to take me away. “She was miserably ciuel to me, and you know it,” concluded the girl, with passionate vehemence. “I never -knew what it was to hear a kind word.” “I did without kind words, though I had served her for thirty years—and what did you want with ’em? You did not ; love her as I did.” “I did not love her at all,” said Mar [ garet, candidly. “ She would . not let me.” I “ She had had enough of what is called love, poor soul! It was all pain and de ception, as she said, and men especially weren’t worth the sacrifice you made for them. Better give them up at once, and then they haven’t time to break your heart. That’s what I writ to Jim when I gave him up,” pursued Hannah, breath ing hard, like one in pain, “ and I never opened any of the letters that came from him in return. Better not, 'mistress said; for he would only promise a lot of lies. "When he got the last back he went off straight and proposed to Molly Baines, a regular flibberty-gibbet. And it turn ed out ,iust as you’d a- thought,” con tinued Hannah, with a certain jealous satisfaction she could not -conceal. “But I’d done my duty to mistress, and if I cried my eyes out of my head it was no one’s business .but my own.” “ It was his business if you ruined his life.” “ He wasn’t obliged t-o marry a girl like Molly.” “ If he couldn’t get the one he wanted he took the first that came, I suppose.”' “More" fool he, then. There were lots would have had him, he was such a hand some, steady chap, and. earning good, wages. I heard he-took to drink after wards, he had such a miserable home,- and mistress said I had a good-deal to be thankful for. But somehow, I think it. might have , been different if—if— what’s the use of talking? It’s all over now. He died ten year ago come next Michaelmas; and it’s.a comfort to feel, after all, that I did my best- by mistress—, although I won’t say but it seemed hard at the time me and Jim had been keeping company so long.” She gave a sigh, and relapsed into si-, lence,-which she did not break until they came to Dr Lethbridge’s door. Then.she suggested that Margaret should go in, but the girl drew back resolutely.'. .Han nah came back in two minutes wiping her eyes. ’ “He’s coming in ten minutes,”;she. said. ■' “ He’s been out all day, and must first have a mouthful of food; This will give us time to see the policeman.” ’• • “ What good do you expect him to do?” enquired Margaret,"disdainfully, “ None whatever - he’s a poor soft head, but he is one of the few fools, who knows he is a fool, and so he doesn’t tak-; anything op. himself. . He’ll telegraph to,, the inspector at Barnwell, Tand he’ll take the case into his own hands at once:”- . Margaret made no further remark, and they walked on briskly until they came to .P.C. Mills’s cottage.' He was just starts ing on 'his rounds,- a' harmless perforin-, .ancey which he went througK'.yvith Spar— . tan resolution every night; whilst..his';wife/ awaited anxiously her hero’s return-; "but to di>-him justice, he was pleasantly ex cited' when he heard , that a murder had been- committed, and the murderer was "at -large. Now, atlast, he-would hive a chance . of distinguishing himself/-and showing what he was made of. " His stern . expression frightened‘his wife, who .called' out to him from the front door— .. “ Don’t you be foolhardy, George. There’s me’and six "children* to - think, about.” ... . “I’ve got-to do my duty,' Maria/’; he' answered solemnly. '. \- “ Oh, dearl oh, - dear I, , Have you-got your truhching?’’. . J ■; \- “That’s;all right. - You-needn’t.take 'on so,. Maria; the murderer -has- had -a good start/’- he -relaxed do add. -■ ; .- But Maria.was heard -still-lain enting as' they went down- the lane, and-George’s' manly lip; quivered; Margaret - also no ticed, in spite of her pre-occupation,, that he kept a keen outlook as they.went down ‘ \- the lane; ’ and -once when ' an- o wl. flew,. hooting, over..their heads, he started, vio lently, and cast an anxious glance in the direction of the copse on.their right.. , As ’for herself, she had no sense offearout ;here, though she knew itwould.seize "hold of her again. and shake her. to pieces "when-she re-entered the house; which was full of-the weird, awful presence of-death. How. .should: she pass the- terrible hours ■until daylight ?, . ■ She meant to telegraph for ; her:-father in .the.’>morn-ing,“directly •:the:office was open,.butifc was-'the inter vening. night'that '■ frightened' her/; ;Hai£' -nah r would : go to bed/the house .would,be' ..silent shadows, •would come’ creeping/ creeping, the ghost .- of the murdered, woman, bringing... the; chiU'and-mystery'of death with'.Hef ,;,para-; lysing all her pulses, freezing the.current of her blood. She almost shrieked.at the = vv thought;' What would,, the'reality;be!;;,/ ’-.Hjs /:! Ib'yras:a?comfdrt to find Dr, Lethbridge; waifing-in-the. porch;, and,.bis .loud ivoiee; 'broke',the silence of,-,-the dark-hall',cheer-; fnlly. '. ./FTan-nah' ilip-hteiLia-.-candle/vand' -took-ihim■ t upstairsilatoonee;-’. } 1 Margaret' ’went,half-way .up behind'themi.andjwaiiP' ,-bd there/where theysobnd of their .ypides! -reached;her, 5 and also j ’the' light'from [the; door; of" had leffc ajar. s '. 1 v--.- •y4'lt ;i wae';a 1 ‘lorigtimteyjefore /. thqy came, Ch© /;«)ronj£’s~f'in't ,r:^^^^gjfr|h^%isi^yfchmgafecan/dbi tfSnblitig girl.ii ‘-33ns* tembletffflipe? :up'sihtoi§?Mbi® u,^ ^ )- •'Sear/fi.he^ddeald^S&^ia 1 . fi c yoiu come:home with me. : --Mrs Leth-' bridge .would be delighted to have you, I know.” ' ? iThe 'girL.thanked him? .gratefully;-.but declined. > .' - - -f ' r- ?"My: place is here,” . she said;* ‘' until after vthe'‘funerali Papa " will.'.come to morrow/ iand- then T?shall be alliright. But it is very good of you - to ask-me, Dr Lethbridge, and I shall never forgetyour kindness;” - • “My dear girl, I haven’t a.; heart of stone,” he said, half-reproachfiiily. ' went to: the door, .shut it, and came back to her side. - ; ? ?.. 1 - “T want to ask you 'something,” he said, in a tone.. “The housekeeper says ste saw a man go down the stairs just about the time the murder must have'been committed. Did you see anyone ?” " ' 1 “ No.” . Margaret’s hands gripped the back of a chair as she spoke, and this steadied her. “ Could! she have been mistaken, do you think? - She describes the man : very ac curately.” . .- ? . “I know,”-and she looked steadily up into his .eyes. “But if you drhw .upon your imagination you generally. go into details.” ‘‘ Do you ?” -Dr, Lethbridge, answered, smilhog-'a little. “I have to deal wita the hard realities, of life, and my imagi nation doesn’t get air play. ' But I should have thought old Hannah a very matter of-fact . person, and not given to ro mancing.” - v “So should I,” admitted Margaret. “Blit,it is strange that I saw no.man.” _ “ But you were, not in the Toom at the time of the murder ?” interrogatively. .“I don’t believe there was a murder, any more than there was a man,” she said hotly. “Then how do you.account for Miss Moore’s death ?” .• ’ , “ I think she fell down and struck, her head.” " . ■ ;“ I thought of that,' too ; hut the posi tion of the wound disposes of that theSry, to my mind. There can be no doubt that the' blow which killed her was struck by someone who was. standing above her— and Hannah says the man she saw was very tall. If you have to account for a thing, you try and account for it as fea sibly as possible.” _. “ Still, you always have to find a mo tive, and - supposing what Hannah says to bo true, what could that man’s motive have been? Nothing is missing.” “ He might have been disturbed before he had time to take what he came for. He would have heard you leave the room, i and felt that .his only chance of safety was in immediate flight. He may not have meant to kill Miss Moore,” added Dr Lethbridge, argumentatively. “But she was not the sorb of woman to submit tamely to being robbed, and would have given an alarm; therefore it was neces sary to silence her.” “Oh, don’t!” cried Margaret, shudder ing. for this realistic description seemed to bring hack vividly the horror of the whole scene. . “ I beg yonr pardon, my dear,” he said, kindly, “ but one wants to get at Hie •bottom of the mystery, especially as Han nah seems to think the man she saw might have been your lover.” “ She has not the smallest justification for such an assertion. I have no lover now. I had one in the/days gone by, but i he is as much lost to me as if he were I dead; and lam never likely to see him again on this side of the grave. Anyhow, he would have had too much pride to en ter Miss Moore’s door uninvited. Be sides, where was he if I did not see him ?” “Behind the screen, perhaps,” the other suggested. Margaret started intently, and her voice was rather shaken as she said— “ I must have heard anyone come in.” “Not if Miss Moore were calling out at you angrily—and Hannah says she 1 was. But possibly it was the man she was scolding, and you were in your room the whole time?” tentatively. “No; I was in the drawing-room for a little while, and it was I she was scold- , mg.”. “ Not" a very rare occurrence, I am afraid,” he remarked gravely. “The fact is she indulged her temper until-it became a disease, and, at last, she could' not conquer it. On that account. I was sorry when I heard you were coming.” • .; “ Hannah told me that- she. had had a ; great trouble onco^—do ydn knbw'wliat it was?” ' " ■ .. ' “Yes; she was going to be : married, and the man jilted her at the eleventh hour. She had her wedding dress on whena messenger .came from him with ; a letter—which she read carefully through three times, and then burnt. No one will ever know,its contents, but-ihey say she was strangely calm and collected as she rang the bell, and told' the-maid to let everyone know at once there would be no wedding. She took off her dress and veil; - and the wreath of orange blossoms, and put them away, and no one saw- her for the rest of the day. But the next morn ing she went down to breakfast as usual, and made no comment'on whdt had hap pened. However, from that time she was a changed woman,; She. turned ..all her servants, away, except Hannah, and. lived in a!mean, miserable way, although' it .is supposed that she had plenty of mo ney. But what was still worse; her whole, nature seemed to warped; and her tem per became so irritable l wonder Hannah , could heather life; Mv wife and I.wereV really sorry when we heard of your arri- : val; and I can’t understand 'why she had: you here.” ..... ;; “ She . wanted someone to torture,” ' smdttbeVgirl,.bitterly.-7 “ And then Hanr nah;Waa. gettingbeyond her work, : and I . ivas cheaper than another servant; : More-'- over; ; no. one in this neighborhood' would-' have -lived with her- nr that capacity, :T fancy.”-:- ■■■ ;J -- T . -.“ Well,-It is all over now, at any rate,”" replied Dr Lethbridge, cheerfully. ■ “You musirgo Home, and get a little jnore flesh and, color.*No girl oftwentyhas aright to look as you look now;” j.-.-'- “ You don’t thmk I am. dying ?”she-said • eagerly,:as it seemed to him. - “Certainly not. You are a little run down, but a change will, soon -put you rights. 1 The fact- is young people want amusement asVmuch as they- wankfood, and.you. Have led'.a’vbry dull, life at the 'Grange. -1 must Have a. talk to Mr Moore; when, he- come.Sj;for .once: you have lost' your health it isj-not soseasy itciget it back again. -And,• anyhow,-.prevention-is;bet-; • ter than-eure. But we, will see -about all that later, ;I-.;want to; settle, about" to night now- It isimpossible that you and , Hannah should; remain 'here - alone. ■ The miirderer -might < come-back' again,, when - everything* was= -quiet' 1 to? get what he wanted; and you might both share Miss Moore’s fate.-’ 7 You’ must- have twq men, - certainly ; and Mills tells me he can quite ■well'stay, if. he lets his ( wife know.-*So : can I if I let my wife know,” he continn edsmiling.; ■ y‘* And though lam not-so~ young as.l.was, there are a good,many people younger; I wouldn’t* change with.-* So -you won’t have such,a-poor protection * after all.” “_ ~ -, lL n j “It -is. so -good; of, you,” she said,-? very gratefully.rrft-f And-' you?will ■'sit 'up- here; • won’t-you H£|-v • »>.<-" " Wherever'you like/ ‘ But’why?,” * ; “Because'-Lmay.b'e *with''yoii then,’ mayn't I?”,pleadingly. ' “ You would-be farbqfcter in'bed.” ----** V ,v.? i“ IndeedY should not—l?should*b'e hor-' Tibly afraid. /But if I: may; stay., do\m-. •stairs. hdth.yon--7-aiid.l may,. mayn!t.l ? I slmll.bg much/Jjetterithan if.l were lying ;up; there, plisteningotosevdry c sound?and' fancying all,sorts, of-things?* l - will-be' yeiyrhuiet, *and naniwatclp whilst 1 y oii f get with humblepersistenceI,' 1 ,' wouldn’t jnind me.” , ‘ ‘ ' '"Mind* you,"my 1 de'ar,’'- n answered, ; much.tonchea.?r't‘/I^Shair-hfe only‘tih'-de- 1 lighted to.’bave'ytauf as’farjaW'ffialf goes, Jong mghfs Vigil,, hiepjßyair jthp sleep 6n*the 3 copgh, s won/.tilhayq ounder-sany tofcheic fcondi/ . gmii iTi - imiiqqu $ isrfalifl!' q J wasi glad; fflpdxSOisthU!n^hbxsheih!idifdFe^d|dao^M' 