STORYTELLER. IN MALE ATTIRE. A ROMANCE OP THE DAY. FOUNDED ON FACT. By JOSEPH HATTON Author of "By Order of the Czar," &c.; CHAPTER III.—Zella Brunnen at Home. "Sure and ye know I'd be waitin' up for ye, if ye never come at all, at all," said Mistress Bridget o'Hagan, of the Parkside boardiiag-botiße, as she unlocked- ber front door and followed ber favourite boarder Into her own private parlour, where a sa voury .oonaoclion, In a stewpan, was sim mering on the stove. " And if I wint to bed, who'd kape the fire goin' and the supper hot, and grve ye the cheery welcome ?" "You are kindness itself, Bridget dear; but you had much better let me have a latch- key," Zella' Brunnen replied. . •" And i'ret me soul out listening for ye, and dr'amin 1 the very life out o" me ?" " You let Mr. Glencoe have a latch-key." " Who the diwle cares what becomes of Ould Glencoe ?" * " Mrs. Ferguson has a latch-key, and f she's a decent body." ' 'Dacent enough ; pays her rint to the day ; but I'm contint to l'ave her in the hands of the Holy Mother, who, heaven save me, she'B on such familiar terms wid, ye'd think they was first cousins ! No, no, my colleen, it's myself that lbves ye too well to have ye comin' home wid the fire out apd no supper. To the diwle wid latch kays. I'll be yer latch-kay, mj darlint." "God bless you, Bridget O lH*agan ! you have been a mother to me since the first day I set foot in your house. It's only out of- consideration for you that I have asked for a latch-key, but never again, dear ; and I wouldn't have kept you up to-night, but I wanted a day off at the gymnasium." She had flung aside her cloak and bonnet, revealing a young woman of some two-and twenty summers, of more than medium height, and, as we have- already understood, more than passing fair. Her light brown hair was pinned up in a knot At the back of her head. She had large, grayisb'-blue eyes, with dark, sweeping lashes, <and eye brows that marked a low, well-knit fore head. A genial mouth, but with firm, clean cut lines ; a mouth that could laugh and cry, and could threaten, too, and command, if need be. It was a face not easily for gotten, not beautiful from the sentimental painter's point of view ; hut the face of an ideal Maid of Saragoesa, or Graee Darling, the face a novelist might choose for the heroine of a romance of feminine nobility and adventure. " A chicken stew, wid oysters ! I wint to the market for that same meself, and I says to Mary O'Neil, says I, ' Now, cook it as if it was for an Oirish queen,' I says. And It's hard I've found it to kape from makln' free wid it meself ; the stame of it might have timpted a saint !" " My dear soul !" said Zella, getting up and pushing a plate towards her. " And here am I, 'just a selfish baste,' as you would say, gobbling it like a hog." " Get away wid ye ! I've had my supper these two hours, and a drop o' the cratur'^ besides. Ate it, iwery spoonful, or I'll give up housekapin' and l'ave ye to forage for yerself." Mtb. O'Hagan thereupon laid a soft 'hand upon Zella'a shoulder, and Zella ate her eupper without protest. " We a ahame, that it is, for Mr. Dexter to make ye work so hard." " Nay, he's kindness itself. I knew that his letters and reports of the day were stf great importance ; that he would want clean transcriptions of them all by 4 o'clock to-flmorrow. I^irtherroare, I 'knew that I ■•ranted to he at the Athletic Clulb prizo aneeting hy noon. So, when be had said, ' Good evening,' T Just slipped hack into his office and -set to work." "It's mighty rich he muat he, to have an office, and rooms besides, at the Palmer House." " But he Is rich, very rich." ™ Tften, bedad, he might pay ye more rtnam he doea" "It wae 12 o'clock 'by "the time I 'was through ; and iby good luck he had gone (to Louisville, so I had the office to myself ; and to-morrow <I am going to win the trapeze prize, and perhaps the ifiret for swLmimlng." '* It's born strong and lucky y© are. Them' ladies, that train agen ye, kape their limbs exercising and their ibodies reetln', while ye are croon!n' over a 'type machine, nar rowin' yer chest and dwarfin' yer figure ! Says I, only yesterday, to OuLd Glencoe, saye I, ' How that swate angel, Zella, can kape in trim for athletics and the cycle and salin* a iboat is nothing short of a miracle ; she that has such InteJlectaal work to do iwery day of her loife !' saye I ; and Ould Glencoe nods over his everteretin* snuff-box, and says he, ' it's pTo-*dee-glouB !' just as the man saya in the play, ye tuck me to see, d'ye mind ?" " Y«s, I mmrl," said Zella. " It's not womanly to have a muscle, is it, Bridget, dear ? Peel mlpo." She tucked ur> the sleeve of her gown, tSaring a WsbJte, sfflapely arm, and, bending it upward!?, pieced-(Bridget's haoS upon it. 1 j "Not too unfeminine, I- hope, «h ?" she paid. " Juvt enough todfV'atraßgfebt, wiUh* >out foelog Euxtful to the'Orecian ipiMr|'' ■of it" . She laughed, showing a set of "white even ieuth ; and Mrs. O'Hagan remarked, " You're Just, too lovely, my. dear !" "T hope. I'll: be- as lovely as you, Biddy, when I'm as old." " I was a .purty colleen myself at your age, ZeJila ; wJd as wicked an eye and' as 'light a shtip as the daintiest in Co-nne mara." " That, you wave, my dear ; and you're as handsome in your prune as one could meet between here and the other end of the world." " Ah, deary, d«ar, it's a tug of age I feel at my skirt soanetknes, Zella, and a dimness of the eye ; but I've kej>' my heart sound, and: a continted mind is the harvest of honest work. It's different wid you in these day 9 ; we got our exercise footin' It widl the boys, and up wid the lark milkiu', and what not ; nivver idle ; but as for radein' and wri'tin', why, we left that to the praites. Sixty years ago, my dear ; sixty yeare since I come to this country ! But sit ye down by the utove, my dcurlint, and rest five minutes aitter your supper, and \alk quiet j and lovin'." The oJd woman drew Zella to a chair, and encircling her as far as she could with her short, fat arm, she said, " Now, my colleen, what have ye got to tell me ?" " Oh, nothing important, Biddy," said Zella, her eyes upon (.'he giowing bare of the stove. " I b'lave ye have, though. There was a twitch of yer mouth when ye come in and kissed me, as if it was more'u usually pleasant to be wid the ould woman once more, afther the fathagues ay the day." " I told you I was taking lesson* of Professor Octavius Smith, tne new man at the club ?" " Another new man ! Sometimes I wcn der If it's quite daoent to have men tachin' ye, and ye in them breeches, very loike th« boy* used to wear at Donnybrook Fair, wid* their long-tail jackets, and " " Not breeches, dear ; and if they were, wbat'e the harm ? You would not have us trying to fence and box in petticoats ?" " Divvle a bit I'd 'have y« fence or box at all, at all 1 . But I'm not the Prisident and the Senate House, 00 what's the good of me dbjeetla' f I's a foin» toime they must be havin', them two male professor^. I'd have changed me sex for such a toime when I was a young colleen !" " Oh, no, dear, you wouldn't have done anything of the kind. I assure you, those two men are no more to us than mere stocks or, blocks, and we ±0 them no more than very stupid pupils." " If ye must lam the lUlgance of muscu lar motion, as ye call it, and posture and offence, why not the shillalagh ? Man nor woman, for fan or in earnest, could make no foiner play than is given to the illigant pracitice of a purty blackthorn." " There have -been ructions in the club about the boxing-class. Many of the mem bers think it out of keeping with the scheme of the school, not to say brutal ; But, with light gloves and a neat dress, I assure you it ie quite pretty ?" "I» that so? Well, ye must, let me come and see ye at it." " Oome to-morrow. There will be an ex hibition during the prize competitions. If you had only seen the use I was able to make of the on«Ufehman's lerfsotns Ithis night you would approve of him, Bridget, with all your heart, and even go so far as to put up a petition for his ultimate salva tion when next "you are praying for- the world in general." " Ah, ah ! my flower of the prairie, it's miself that knew right well ye had some thin' to tell me. But I love to have ye bate about the bush ; it's loike the mavis goes fluttering around before he begins to sing. Now, why should I pray for that murtherln' Saxon's salvation ? Will ye be tellin' me now, straightaway, why I should ?" '• "Very well, Biddy," Zella replied, straightening her legs and exposing to the warmth of the stove a treU-fltlmg fcott, laced tightly round an ankle in gray home spun hose. "Very well, Biddy, it was this "way, you see. I was feeling just a little worried "at being out so late, for the street seemed deserted, and, Bomehow the wind was chilly and 1 uncanny, -what little there was, and mv shadow wias dancing about like a black ghost, when all of a sudden a greait bulking brute came at me " " The Lord save us !" exclaimed Mistress O'Hagan. " A marauding giant he looked in the light of the street lamp, that revealed as wteked a face as ever was invented to alarm an honest man or 'terrify an unprotected woman." '•' The Lord have mercy on us !"■ mur mured 'Mistress O'Hagan. " Clamping up to me In his great, mur derous boots, he tried to lay hands on me. " The Blessed Virgin be good to us !" prayed Mistress O'Hagan with arms ex tended. " When an ordinary girl or woman pushes a man aside, she does so with her arms " "God defen* the righ* !" said Bridget O'Hagan. . " A girl who isa bit of an athlete knows batter ; she thrusts with the force and strength of her whole body. I pushea him into the road." • " Heaven, be praised !" " Then I might 'have run ; but I didn't. I think it was becauße I heard somebody coming. Anyhow, the next minute the brute was facing me again. I tried to stop him with words of scorn ; they didn't stop him worth a cent." " The base and brutal Saxon !" said Brid get O'Hagan, her hands on her hips, her eyes flashing with patriotic lightning. "No ; he was an American. I taunted him with being a foreigner. Then a fine young fellow appeared. He must have dropped from the clouds." " The Lord be praised 1 !" said Bridget joy fully. " ' If he Is a foreigner, then let a foreigner protect you.' he said. But before the words were out of bis mouth the beast In the jack boots drew a knife. Nobody saw it bnt me. for now another man had come up—an offi cer in plain clothes, 1 think. My father once had a fight with knives. In the South the bowie was a favourite weapon " '"' Yes* yes," said Bridget. " It's tor tured I am wid anxiety to hear what ye dia then, He drew a knife, and " Zella did, indeed, appear to be dwelling uoduly uno*»< detail* 3he»w«» pessibly enr Joying her dramatisation' of 'the scene. Tbo -main incident, on reflection, tickled the vanity of the lady athlete. " Well, just as be waa drawing bia hand back to plunge his knite upwardß into the body of the stranger who had came to my aid I caught his wrist, and, before he had eecovered from his surprise, I gave him one in the face with my right- straight from the shoulder, Biddy, flinging myself for wards as I hit him, exactly as that base and brutal Saxon at 'the club had taught me, and down he went as if a cannon-bail had hit him all over !" " Sainit Peter bash him wid his keys when be appears at the gate !" said Bridget. " Just for a minute, Biddy dear, I felt like leaning up against the wall and crying. But a crowd was gather ing, from wihere I don't know, .the town seemed so empty ; so I ran, as fast as my legs would carry me,- and never paused until I saw the welcome light in your parlour window." " The Lord be praised for all His good ness ! It's a light shall shine for ivver for ye f and it flames in my own heart for love of ye, as ye see it in the sacred pic tures." Saying which, she now insisted upon embracing Zella, and: they both wept together, as women will when there is no thing to weep about. " And didn't ye have a gllmp6e of the champion who came to yer aid ?" " Never a gUmpse. But he Had a pleasant voice." " Said be was a foreigner. Bad luck to him, why wasn't he a Paddy ?" v " Perhaps he was. Who knows ?" " Sorry a wan ! It's no foreigners we are ; but good luck to him, and bad cess to his inimies, and when he dies the finest harp in hi win be his. dole ! But to think of ye perilling yer swate loife makes me bind run cold. Bedad^ it's miself will have to fetch ye home if Ivver ye're late again." "You shall, dear; for I think I have never really Icnown fear in my life until this night. The brute's growl was worse than the yell of an Indian war-whoop." " But ye pounded him wia yer muscle, and I ye're safe. Saint Mary ;be honoured ! And I forgive yer base and brutal Saxon pro fessor the misfortune of his birth." "God bless you, dear old Bridget!" said Zella. "And. now I've told you every thing I must «o to bed and try to sleep. Dont let me be awakened, even if not stir ring as late as 11. My practical application of club lessons has taken it out of me some-, what, I reckon. I must recoup." "The saint 6 preserve ye! Goodnight, my love. I'll see ye get yer slape ; but don't be making too much, noise on the stairway now goto* to bed, or I'll haveould Glencoe askin' me in the morning what sort of a house I'm kapin'." " Very well, dear," said Zella ; " I'll be as noiseless as my shadow." Twice during the night Zella woke, as if at the sound of a distant voice that said " Then let a foreigner protect you." A^id there were teare in her eyes, without even the inconsequential explanation that belongs to the topsy-turvy life of dreamland. CHAPTER IV—ln the Benignant Shadow of«Hlram Dexter, Millionaire "Thank God. I am all right," said Ned Glover as lie rose the next morning, his hand steady, his head clear. " Williams's antidote and the Russian bath saved me. Strange there are no Russian baths m Lon don. Far ahead of the "Turkish. Byes rather red. Must get shaved. I have had a narrow escape. One more glass and I should have been a candidate for a second dismissal." You have everything to your hand in an American hotel ; barber, doctor, hosier, druggist, tailor, perfumer. * Ned sat In a high chair, and gave himself over to a deft manipulator. His hair dreseed, his moustache trimmed, he en tered the breakfaJßt-room looking all he could desire, a compact, sturdy English gentleman, instead of what he might have been, a drshevelled, unlceimpt. haggard wreck, after a dehauch of drink. He waa in high spirits, the buoyancy of gratitude for his escape from a worse fate than the blow of a ruffian's knife. Prcisontly be received from the hands of Mr. Storey himself an assignment to in terview Mt. Hiram Dexter, the millionaire and m'ineowner. " About 3000 words," said the editor proprietor. " Ring hi a sketch of hla early career ; get him to talk about the days when he kept shop ; sample his opinions upon the commercial prospects of Chicago, and finish with an account of the new mines they are opening in the Platts Valley. We've had enough of the Klondike and Alaska. The valley discoveries and the new camps are fresh ground, a welcome revival of American interests within two or three days of the Western Railway tracks." Glover, his Emglfeh bat cocked a little to one aide, hie .gray trousers correctly itreas-' ed, his brown overcoat complemented in ooiour by his tanned gloves, Btepped out into the crisp air. . The sun was making short work with tire early morning's fall of snow. The pave ments were wet with the remains of it. The lines of the street cars glistened. Here and there a pool flashed in the noadway, like, a dropped mirror. It was the ftrert. day of what Chicago cans spring. They don't have any nonsense with apring in America. It is not permitted to Hnger about, as Jt does in England. Our domains would never have patience to watch ita tender growth, as we watch it. Spring might seem almost an affectation with us ; it is so manifest in our poetry, our pictures, -and our festivals. It is not confined to the counitry. The most cherished imemorurs of the Londoner belong to the time of lilacs and-laburnums, the hawthorn in the parks, and the flower-baskets at Piccadilly Circus and the Bank. . Ned Glover instinctively felt the first beat of Nature's revival in the inspiriting air. It has been said that America has no spring ; but it is in truth endowed with a very notable imitaition, a spring with a lilt In its-song, and a rush at gladness and colour that lands it into summer almost be fore you know where you are. . . . 'Atvl Chicago is famo-us for its variety of clima tic vagaries. Hrram Dexter used to say. if you lived way back on the furthest Prairie-avenue, you might put on your big gest fur coat to go into Chicago, and find it summer in La Salle street; or vice versa, put on your cummer duster, and find peopltf aleighing -In State-street. Tnese, of come, are wild exaggerations. Sprimg and wmmi«w can be very lorely on the rfbores of Lake Michigan, -v Glover passed through the handsome Rotunda of the Palmer House, busy with coming and. parting gueats, and, guided by a coloured attendant, was shown Into Mr. Hlnun Dexter s room, on the flret floor. " Mr. Glover ?" said Mr. Dexter, coming forward from a dealt, a genial amlle on.bia face, a heavy cigar in the corner of hi* mouth. " Yes, sir," said Glover. • " GJ*d to see you. Have a cocktail ?" " No, tbank you." " Why not ? Just the . psychological moment, to get outside a Manhattan, unless you prefer a champagne. Hi there, Sam !" " Yes, sah," responded a coioured gentle man in a light linen jacket and trousers. " Champagne cocktails. And give Mr. Gilover a cigar." " Yes, sah," paid Saca, handing Glover a box of cigars. "Thank you," saM Glover. "If you will not think me ungracious, I would prefer not to have the cocktail." " Would, eh ? Well, I guess you're the first newspaper man I ever kuow to refuse n drink. And Fam makes a cocktail to a morvel ; don't you, Sam ?' •'I gueas I know what Masa.t Dexter llkesy" said the coloured gentleman, disappearing ; to reappear presently with two cocktails, •tine sparkle and aroma of which troubled Glover considerably. . • , "By which token, you "see, Mr. Glbvsr, if you don't get outatde one of these sublime concoctions, I guess I'll have to liquidate Both of them." . i " Mr. Storey, as ymi know, Is wishful that I should interview you," said Glover, anxious to change the question. "Oh ! that's understood. I wish Storey would let me alone ; but he won't. I'd like to have had him put down what be wanted me to say, and let me run over it. If my typewriting and shorthand secretary had been along I could have done M right off, while you smoked your cigar. Now, there's a subject tor you—the education, ■the talent, the integrity, the cuteness of tJbe high-toned lady secretary. And the privi lege, the comfort of such assistance ! If I had my way, I'd just take all those damned comic men who make poor jokes and draw worse pictures about the typewriter girl, and : . . . Seems to me that they now put off on the typewriter lady all the pitiful libels they used to shed on the mother-in-law. If •I thought that American lawyers, doctors, merchants, bankers, and others who employ lady secretaries and shorthand clerks were capable of taking such shameful advantages of women in their employment, or sulJrjeet ing them to such paltry jeßts as the comic men infer, why, curse me ! if I wouldn't feel inclined to quit the business altogether and forswear such a country. . . . Sir, America is blessed, in the first place, with the finest women in the world; and next, with the cleverest and most industrious, and the American who does not appreciate that, and show it by bis conduct, why, dura hiß black hide, he ought to be whipped across the frontier, into the land of God knows-where ! ... Don't you agree with me ?" " I do," said Glover. " Very well. Then we'll drink her heilth. tfod bless her ! ' The lady typewriter of Am erica !' " 1 He tosted off the last of the two cocktails, mopued his face with a; big silk bdmlunn, flung the butt of his cigar into the fire place, and looked at Glover. " Thiink I'm crazy, eh ? You never made a greater 'mistake. lam having a day off. It isn't that I don't occasionally like to demonstrate and imbibe cocktails, and smoke, and let on ; but I don't permit my self these vacations in the presence of my lady secretary. She is out tor the day, and, as I say, that gives me' a day off'; that's how it is. Don't you put that into your story for the ' Dally Mall,' but touch upon the extension of female employment in our counting-houses, banks, post offices, hotels, and " " The women are there already.^l think," said Glover' deferentially. " Not to the extent they might bo. Make a great point of the treatment they are entitled to. Compliment the American op. his innate chivalry. Anathematise the skunk who isn't ifoat way gifted. D'y.? see? Let the loafer <and the masher have it. I've heard Englishmen express admiration of* the fact that a woman can travel right through this great country, alone and unprotected, without the risk of insult or annoyance ; a woman alone has every man for her cham pion. But, if you are to judge by'those damned would-be comic men, you'd think thai our leading business .men made it their daily practice to put a slight upon the women's occupation ; that, in short, their typewriters were their mistresses !" " I thioik you exaggerate, Mr. Dexter !" " I hope I do. By Gawd, sir ! it's only a week ago that I took a fellow by the breeches in this very room and slung him Into the hall-way for a remark he made, about the young lady whom I have the honour to employ." " You are furnishing me with some very entertaining -copy,' Mr. Dexter," said Glover, laughing. "It will require to be. • handled with considerable delicacy."' " Oh ! I can trust you," said Mr. Dexter ; " and, moreover, you've got to sho.w me what you write, and have ray approval o\ it. But .now, come, let us get to the busi ness* Mr. Storey wants ventilating, as h.i calls it. Do you know anything about mining ?" « " I was educated for a mining engineer." " You don't say ! And you give it up for slinging ink at so much a thousand words ? Well, by thunder ! there's no ac counting for tastes. But, see here ; the Platts Valley Mines arc going to be the biggest thing between tne Rockies and Mount Shasta, ; and that's a long vista, ain't it ? There's the riatts Valley and the Platts Ridge. The Ridge and the Valley are both in the first stage of development ; not got anything beyond shanties yet. Na school-house, uor newspaper, nor never a church : just a camp, and no better. Wa are getting power sent through Denver to the Red Horse Forks ; in a year's time wo hope to run a lino from the Forks to the Valley, and later to the Ridge, and then we'll make the sparks fly. Claims have been staked out twenty miles along the "Valley, anil another twenty along the Kldgje. It's a wild bit of country. Have you ever seeu a mining camp ? Why, of course you have, being a ruining engineer." 11 No, sir. I served a short apprenticeship in the North of England. My brief ex perience was in connection with coal mining, the theory of which, and .the value of metals, and the rest I learnt at the Newcastle School of Mines." . " Just =0 I see. That's how you do It in the old country. Well.-I guess a bit of theory \a useful. too. You. should aek Stoiey to send you over to Platt.s Valley. It would make a etlrring. story. There's quite . a settlement in the Valley, frame and can vas, with bar-rooms, and sing-songs ; but as yet never a woman ! You can harmy believe that, eh ? U Is so. Never a ' woman. That's the story of many a groat city Before the twentieth century s turned Plaits Valley will be a stone-built city, with dally papers, preachers, and every other attribute of civilisation, with the city of Plaits Ridge au-Hemi competition just as St Louis aud Chicago stand up to each other to-day, a couple of game cooks. You" bet, if we live, till the flcad old nineteenth ceutury turns over la Its grave, you'll see toe. two Platta busy cities of the Western States, ©oastiug of their .civilisation, their art schools their psycho . logical academies, and probably their bai . loon service to Europe weekly, with dailj . tlfehta to N«w York on the one bano", and San Francisco on the other. Now. look , Here. Mr. Glover. I guess you must.let this interview .span o«pr a day. »?* tO-™°£; ; fow I'll dictate a few figures and things to my secretary that will give backbone to it. 1 '• Very well sir,'"' said Glover. I have . plenty of material for an interesting sketch, with the rotunda of the hotel, your business like rocon. tape, telephone, messenger bell, automaS desks, postal-box, and Sam thrown In. I know these things arc* familiar over here, but I can turn them to account in the way of cojour." . " I'll ibet you'll fU it up rl^ht smart. ... . i don't think I. shall do much more work this morning. Are.you going to tne ™a" office. Guess I'll walk with you. Then we can find out Just what Mr. Storey wants. Sam came forward with a clothes-brush, dusted Mr. Dexter's coat, and assisted htm to put on his loos;e wrapper. Dexter was a bright, cheerful, brisk-look ing matf, something under 60, below the medium height, clean shaven stiff in me leg*, short gray hair, face wrinkled about • thl eyes and mouth, held his head high, w « just a suggestion of arrogance, affected 1 something of the selt-made man, wore a thick gold watch-chain ana a B^-aj"" 0"* .hoop ring, a shiny top-hat and hlghly polished boots. He had a pleasant ■}**&• Ws hands were, large and sinewy, his lips not too thin ; his smile was like a ray of aunshihe on a barren landscape, and blj eyes were of that clear gray that one so often sees-in successful men of the- world,. If only Ned Glover baa'known that Mr Dexter was the employer of the girt whose face had haunted him from the very moment he had caught sight of it under the electric lamp in 8«U-street ! The revelation of her beauty was only V^lol^™ 0!?0^ Yet It seemed to Glover as f ages had passed since then. All the time he wa. Jith Mr. Dexter be was burning to be off Tfter Jo« Williams, on the tfbance that' he had found a clue to ncr Ideltliy. "1 think I understand what Mr. Storey wants.'* he ialAo Mr. Dexter. "I will leave you now, and go to work. '• Don't care for my society, eh ? Now, I wa."j£t thinking how I'd kind of taken a fancy to you. My people were originally . £om .England. My great-grandfather^ what you call a yeoman, somewhere down In ; Kent. Guess I mean 'to look up his pedi gree when I go over." l> ,, s •• Have jwu never been to England ? ; " Never • ami yet the Bn«Ush money •that's passed through my hands would make • Pile ashigh as St. Paul's. I'm going Q ask Storey to nt you out, apd send you to ' Platts VaHey." 11 Are' you ? Why ?' ' •• Two birds with one sUxne. Have you any expectations, as you call waiting" for dead men's shoes in your, country ? " None, Mr. Dexter." " You're a kind of rover, bold and free. * I enw you. If Storey will Bend you to the Platts mining camps I will give you an interest that may open out a good deal better than slitvglng ink. What do you , gay '" " You are very kind. sir. I trust you ■will find me grateful." While they were walking along the street many hats were raised to Mr. Dexter, and many a " Good morning" salute heartily returned. ' "If you were a borrowing ram, Mr. Glovsr. and wanted fifty thousand dollars, even on a wild-cat scheme, M's worth the money to *" ibe seen walking me. lam considered to be one of the shrewdest, all-fired, clever •schemers in the Urudted States. I am credited with more far-seeing achievements in finance and gold-mining than the wisest of speculators and bankers. To have me walking'with a man along State-street and ■La Salle, seeming on close terms with him, is to send h*s stock and ambitions to a. premium. It's well known I don't pander to newspaper men, and it is thought I own most of the stock in the ' Mail.' Ever since that report got about the paper has . doubled its sale ,and its advertisements have increased 50 per cent. My dear young friend, you can't think what a thundering reputation I have. Chioago and New York tooth believe the very devil himself isn't in it with me for keen business aptitude and grR. All luck, I assure you. I was lucky from the moment that I bought an old brass pot at an auction, to find it was a piece of old gold, to the very day, when . . . . But, there, I'm getting garrulous, as my clever secretary of the Palmer house would say ; «.nd here we are at the •Mail' building." On the other side of the road, Joe Wil lhaimis, the detective, was passing, a flower in his button-hole, and a contented smile npoq his 1 face. " Excuse ■me.''sir ; I will rejoin, you in a minute or two," said Glover, all the golden 2wpes with which Dexter had fluttered his oager soul flown to the winds at thought of the heroine of his previous night's adven ture and the hope that Williams might have (discovered her. 4To be contftiued.) 