Playgoer By /?/ ince "The New Barmaid," at the Theatre Royal has has now settled down into smoothly running gear, and is making /?/ a most satisfactory manner. Mr. Sheridan, playing the head waiter at the Owlet's Club in the first act, and a fearfully and wonderfully got up /?/ in the second, is highly entertaining, and would take rank as a comedian of the first order, even if we had never heard of his wonderful Widow O'Brien. He is ably seconded in his amusements by Mr. Sinclair, who has become a firm favourite with the audience at the Theatre Royal. Mr. Sinclair came here unheralded by any flourish of trumpets, but on the first run of the present season the audience was not slow to recognise in the representative of O'Hooligan a versatile actor, singer and dancer of the angel visit stamp, the kind that are few and far between. Miss Gracie Whiteford, as Dora Heather, that extra- ordinary stage creation of a lady journalist, is always pleasing and sings and acts with a charm of her own; but for all that the audience would prefer her as the "boy" with which she has identified herself in "Little Christopher Columbus." Miss Maud Denny and Miss Celia Mavis, Mr. Louis Luscombe, Mr. Leon Roche and the members of the company contribute their fair quota to the succulent piece. "The New Barmaid" has been given up-to-date and Miss Whiteford's song "John Bull, Jun," sung in the character of a /?/Australian soldier, nightly brings down the house. A number of topical references introduced into the dialogue appear to be greatly relished by the audience. The general mounting, especially Mr. Robin's fine set of the house on the Thames, is excellent, whilst the danc- ing of the Excelsior Troupe of leg- wavers meets with great applause. "The New Barmaid" seems settled down for a good run, and at its con- clusion it is likely Mr. Sheridan will cocede to a generally-expressed wish on the part of the public and give a few performances of "Fun on the Bristol," the piece in which he achieved so great a reputation by his never-to be-forgotten rendering of the Widow O'Brien. The Alexandra Theatre and Mr. Alfred Dampier have together taken a new lease of popularity, and the attendances to witness "Robbery; Under Arms " during the week have been highly satisfactor. Mr. Dampier imparts a charm to Rolf Boldrewood's bushranger that makes one forget his misdeeds and regard approvingly only the better traits in the character of Captain Starlight. There has ever been some halo of romance about your highwayman as depicted by the novelist or dramatist. He is always gentleman down on his luck, hunted by a hireling band of mercenaries animated with a base and unaccount- able desire to preserve life, law and order. These myrmidons of the law are ever endeavouring to harry and worry the highwayman or the bush- ranger and place obstacles in the way of his pursuit of his profession, forgetting that if there were no thieves there would be no reason to employ thief takers. But in spite of this unfeeling persecution on the part of the police, all the highwaymen, fro Claude Du Val down to Captain Starlight, remember that they are still gentlemen in private life, even if in the exercise of their profession they are compelled to be robbers and murderers between times. They never rob a poor man—pro- bably because the game is not worth the candle— and they never — well, hardly ever — refuse to help a lovely female in distress, These negative virtues do not count for much in these degenerate days when Starlights are tried for the crimes of com- mission, and the acts of omission are not admitted as evidence, but in a book or on the stage the laws of evidence are not regarded with too nice an eye. Mr. Dampier's Captain Starlight is one of the lovable kind, a man more sinned against than sinning, and a man who has always a bullet or a lofty sentiment ready to fire off as the police on the slightest provoca- tion, or, indeed, without any provocation at all. Mr. Appleton, and the Chief of the Police, has to suffer and be weak in the hands of the dramatist, but the actor makes the character as little ridicu- lous as is possible under the circumstances and takes his gruel from Starlight and the gallery boys with what grace he may. How painfully virtuous the gallery-boy is in precept, whatever he may be in his estimable life and practice! When I note with what heartiness the wife-beater applauds the sentiment that "the man who would lay his hand upon a woman," etc., I invariably think of Rochester's lines on Charles the Second :— Here lies our sovereign lord, the King, Whose word no man relies on — Who never said a foolish thing And never did a wise one. The support accorded to Mr. Dampier is very good, the representation of Warrigal, the half-caste, and the two troopers being highly arousing. . The next production at this theatre will be " Briton and Boer," a story of the Transvaal brought up to date, and having an especial interest at the present time in consequence of the war. It is likely that Mr. Dampier's sojourn in Melbourne will be a long one, as his company has decidedly. caught on, and their repertory is an extensive one. * * * * Mr. Dampier makes it a practice wherever he appears to devote at least one night in the season to a represenation of one of Shakespeare's plays, and this plan will be adhered to at the Alexandra. He requests the public to nominate its play and gives the choice between "The Merchant of Venice," "Hamlet" or the "Winter's Tale." Whichever of these three is found to be most to the fancy of the public will be duly staged. Without wishing to dictate to playgoers as to their choice I should strongly advise that the "Winter's Tale" be selected, as it is one that has been but rarely played, whilst both "The Merchant of Venice" and "Hamlet" are amongst the most hackneyed of all Shakespeare's dramas. On Saturday week, the 24th February, the Princess' Theatre will again see the light of night, when Mr. J. C. Williamson, who has been identified with the place since it was built, will begin a short season, staging the Sydney Pantomime of "Little Red Riding Hood." Playgoers generally will join with me in regretting that Mr. Williamson could not see his way to commence with something more substantial than a pantomime. "The Only Way," "The Christian " or " Tess of the d'Urber- villes" would have been far more welcome, but I suppose Mr. Williamson knows the taste of the public best—he certainly ought to by this time— and elects to begin with the light and bright and frivolous. No matter what he commences with the Melbourne playgoing public will be heartily glad to see him back once more, and would be still more glad if, instead of paying us a bird of passage visit, he had come to stay. FROM South Africa at present to Drury Lane Theatre of the past is a long call, yet there is a slight connection. The slaughter of the Highlanders at Magersfontein caused, amongst other promotions, that of Capt. Cecil Macready to the rank of Major in the Gordon Highlanders. Major Macready is the youngest son of Macready, the great actor, and is a bit of an actor himself. It is said of the great Shakespearian actor and manager that he was, like Sarah Bernhardt, very particular as to how and where he died upon the stage. Once, when appearing as Hamlet, the representative of Claudius, King of Denmark, unfortunately selected for his demise the particular poilion of the boards whereon the star was •wont to shuflle off his mortal coil every evening until further notice. Macready observed this, and as he was writhing in the death throe muttered, sotto voce, to his royal step-fattier :— "Don't die here, sir ; you are in my place. Die a little further up the stage." Whatever Claudius' faults may have been he was a king and could not brook being thus dic- tated to. The usurped, but not yet buried, majesty of Denmark sat up and said, firmly :— "Mr. Macready, whatever our relations may be in private life, I beg you to remember that at present I am king in Denmark, and I shall die where I please." Then, to Hamlet's horror, his uncle lay back and once more gave up the ghost. On the following day the ghost walked for that actor for the last time, so far as Drury-lane was concerned. MR. HARRY RICHARDS has produced some start- ling up-to-date novelties at the Bijou Theatre in the shape of cinematograph pictures in connection with the war in South Africa. By arrangement with Mr. Lindesay Campbell, the first instalment was shown on the screen on Saturday evening, and caused quite a sensation by their gruesome realism. A striking moving picture of President Kruger leaving the Volksraad in Pretoria after the declara- tion of war whetted the appetite of those present, and excitement became great amongst the audience when the Boers were brought before them depart- ing for the front. But these were mild sensations compared with whit was to follow. The shooting of a spy by the British was so terribly life-like — or rather death-like—as to make the spectators' flesb creep. The condemned wretch was shown facing the soldier-executioners, an officer ap- proached him with a handkerchief to blindfold him, but the condemned man waved the bandage aside, and at a signal the puffs of smoke were seen from the rifles and the spy fell forward dead. Evem then the height of sensationalism had not been reached, for the final picture of the series showed a British picket surprised and annihilated by Boers in ambush. The series of pictures caused a profound impression upon the audience and gave them a few brief glimpses of the horrors of war. Mr Campbell has made arrangements to secure cinematograph films from Messrs. Baker and Rouse as they arrive, and show them at the Bijou Theatre. * * * * The question was not unnaturally asked, "How did a photographer with his elaborate photographic apparatus manage to get a position in which he could secure a complete series of views of the ambuscade and the slaughter of the British?" How did any British officer come to permit a photo- grapher facilities for taking such a gruesome film as the shooting of a spy ? These questions are un- answerable at present, and many persons will in- cline to the belief that there is a certain amount of "fake " about two at any rate of the moving pic- tures shown by Mr. Lindesay Campbell at the Bijou Theatre. If this be the case—and it probably is— the cinematograph display is for those who delight in the vivid representation of such scenes none the less entertaining, enjoyable, instructive, or what- not. Strange as it may appear, in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred a faked picture of a moving scene is better and more truthful than one taken of the actual event. Take the execution of a spy, for instance. A dress rehearsal, so to speak, is far superior to the real thing. The actors in the former can be so placed as to bring them well within the range of the camera, and if the first film is not a success, it is not difficult for the photographer to secure another sitting. On the other hand, if the actual execution were cinematographed, the surroundings would be such as to interfere with the photo- grapher's facilities, to say nothing of the effect upon the operator's nerves. Should a hitch occur, the result would be a failure, for the cinemato- grapher would be in the same plight as My Lord Tomnoddy and his friends, who were reluctantly compelled to admit— " It was plain They couldn't well hang the man over again." In the same way that the best impromptus are those which are carefully arranged beforehand, so in cinematograph photography the most effective and really truthful pictures are those which are representations of the events—not the events themselves—carefully arranged for the operator's purpose and convenience. There are certain events—such as the Jubilee Procession and the Corbett-Fitzsimmons prize fight—that cannot be so dealt with, and these have to be treated like the gentleman in khaki ordered south—we've got to take them as we find them—but the execu- tion of a spy or the surprising of a picket can easily be "readied up" with all the atten- tion to detail that is necessary. If therefore anything in the nature of this mild fraud enters into the living pictures at the Bijou Theatre, they are none the less realistic and vivid on that account. IN Mr Alfred Dampier's Transvaal drama, "Briton and Boer," the part of Oom Paul is played by the veteran actor, Mr. Edmund Holloway. When the piece was first produced in Hobart Mr. Holloway, upon receiving the part, waited upon Mr. Dampier and protested against being cast for it. The manager naturally inquired the reason. "Well, you see," answered Mr. Holloway, "there's a good deal of wear and tear upon my self-respect as a true-born Englishman for the salary I receive. Besides, there's the nightly hooting to be put up with, to say nothing of the off chance of being stoned during the daytime by the boys in the streets." Mr. Dampier admitted that it was rather hard, and arranged that Mr. Holloway's self-respect should be ansestheticised, and his health and limbs insured against accident by an increase of 20 per cent, on his salary whenever he was required to impersonate the wily old Dutchman. 