KANGATOOK; OR TOM BROMBEY'S SCHOOLDAYS. CHAPTER XX.—(Tom has a Narrow Escape. By "BULLOO," Author of "Coomina," "Gurramon," &c.; The day before the school broke up for the Christmas holidays Tom received a letter from Kangatook which conveyed the surprising intelligence that Mr. Brombey was going to England immediately, and would be accompanied by his wife, Miss Sharpe being left at Kangatook, Mr. Brombey and his wife expected to be in Melbourne in a day or two, and Tom was to remain at his aunt'e until their arrival. Miriam received Tom with her customary salutation of : 41 Well, I hope you'll behave yourself while you are here —which 1 hope won't be too long." *• "(Don't trouble yourself, my amiable little, sweet little, dear little girl," re plied. Tom. " I shall absolutely burst with the contemplation of your many excellen cies, <wbich are too numerous 'to mention. You may depend upon my getting away as soon as I can ;" and he made her a low and sweeping bow. " It appears to me," said Miriam, " that as soon as a boy reaches 15 or 16 he thinks he is a man, and puts on airs." "Dear me!" answered Tom with a fine expression of scorn. "It appears to me that as soon as a female child is allowed to run about without a nurse she increases her airs, and considers she is a woman, not to say a lady ; but it takes something more than a chignon to make a lady." It Is hard to say haw much more noneensa would have been uttered by the old antag onists had not Tom's aunt appeared on th« ecene, and bestowed a motherly hag upon him. iMr. Brombey explained thalt be and twia other station-holders had determined to pool their Btatlons In Rtverlna, And if possible float them into a company. EV>r this pur pose Mr. Brombey was to vialt London, and intended taking his. wife with him. " Well, what are yon going to do with me ?" asked Tom. " You can either stay here for the hoHW days with your aunt, or you can go toi Alvadale in the West. lAJvadale belongs to a widow of an old friend of mm» r . named ■Alva. She hae often asked me to let you spend some of your holidays with hec boys. They are two fine Lads, and lam sure you will enjoy yourself very much, if you elect to go there." " What part of the Weat & AlvadaT* Ha.?' said Tom. " On the coast, a little over a hundred miles the other side of Craelong.' T "That settles It," cried Tarn. "I n»v« heard fellows from there say the country is alive with game." Miriam hereupon expressed her entire satisfaction, and Tom, not finding anything sufficiently scathing to cay, tried to look contemptuous, but the girl put him to utter rout by raying ; " Don't make faces, Tommy r your very, peculiar style of beauty woa't stand it." Three days afterwards, Mr. and Mrs. Brombey having taken their departure fon London. Tom entered the train for Geelong. carrying In his breast-pocket a Jagged lode of hair which he had forcibly removed from Miriam's head, and on the back of hia neck three long scratches. In explanation ta his aunt, who had rushed in to a«e what the commotion wae atom, he said that he understood .Mrs. Alva's house was overran with rats, and he wanted something deadly, to poisen them with." From Geelong Tom took Cohb's coach*, travelling all night over a road which varied from first-class to vile. Arriving at the little township of Alvasford, he was met by Will Alva, who drove him home to Alva dale, where he was received by Tim, the second son, and the most charming old lady, except Bis mother, that he had. ever met. A Madonna-like face with the most femi nine large blue eyes, as clear ac thos« of a child, and pearly teeth yearning from a most lovable mouth ; the whole etrrnrountadi by a profusion of the snowiest of enowy, hair, neatly smoothed and folded over the ears in the fashion of the day. An express sion of frank goodwill that was Irresistible captured all comers, and Mrs. Arra was invariably spoken of aa the dearest old lady, in the world. The family consisted of a married daughter, who lived In another part of the country, and the two boys. Will, the eldest, was a power* fully-hullt lad, a year older than Tom, whose broad shoulders and large Hmtra gave promise of the great strength he afterwards possessed. Tim waa nearly as broad aa he was long, was two years younger than his brother, always wore a happy smile, and 1 possessed a very roguish pair at Irish blue eyes. The boys chummed In at once, and after dinner, which, was taken at midday, an inspection «f dogs, horses, guns, boats*, fishing tackle, &c;, was made. Experiences in sport were exchanged, and a pleasant afternoon was brought to an end by a high. tea, which bad hardly been concluded bet* fore Tom's eyes assnmed a hoary appear ance, the remit of an all-night trie in. the coach. Mrs. Alva suggested bed, and aUnougfi Tom protested that he was not a. hit tltaad, it was done feebly, end within hatt-ani* hour he was in bed and fast asleep.. The boys were up at daylight next morn ing, and having had a »wtm in the river, which bounded the estate- <m. <nut side, re* turned in time for breakfast. " Well, boys, what are you: going to do to-day ?" asked 'Mrs. Alva. " I want to have a Inafc raumT the baok paddock," said Will ; "-and we might take our guns with us, there are plenty of. kam -g&roos; there, <and ducks." At first Mrs. Alva demurred to the boys carrying guns on horseback, but being as* cured by Tom that he had often, done it. at home she reluctantly consented.. "Do yon like Jumping,. Tom V" asked 'Will as they approached, the horseyard.. " I havent had much practice," said Tomrr " there is nothing much to jump in my, country, but I can stick on, all right'" " Then you shall have 'Cavalier ; he's not too slow, and can jump any fence in the district, barring stockyards of course.'" Tim had to go into the neighbouring town of Pertobe on business, so Will and Tom set out without him. At the last moment Mrs. Alva appeared, holding two neatly-tied small parcels in hes hand. " Here's something to put in your pock? ets," she said. "No one knows when boys will be baok when once they get out of sight with a horse and a gun." The boys declared they would be back by 1 o'clock, and didn't want to carry any parcels, but the experienced old lady pre vailed, and the parcels were pocketed. Two or three kangaroo dogs attempted to follow, but were driven back by Will, who said the dogs would be of no use where ■they were going as the ferns were verx thick and high. On the next day, however, they might take theft into more open country. The sun shone bright and glowingr'. from an almost cloudless sky, the morning dew, not yet evaporated, sparkled on the long kangaroo grass and spreading bracken, and fell in chilly showers on the boys as they, rode under the •wattle and wild cherry trees. As they approached the coast the gentle breeze sighed weirdly through the wiry foliage of the she-oak, and the thunder of the Pacific resounded through the air, as its ever Test-less ewell crashed against tha rugged cliffs. Far to the Jtouth a huge liner ploughed her way to Northern lands, while to the west a fleet of fishing craft with spreading lugsails scudded along, and hauled in shin ing barracoota by the score. A few miles aloug the coast, like a toy harbour, waa ILady Bay, With it» picturesque islands and lonely lighthouse, while the houses of the Htoral village nestled like white rabbit* in a verfiant field. A large flock of pelicans circled in the air on motionless wings, «n« two eagles, email specks, at a greater height gyrated, keeping ceaseless watch for the schools of fish which might reach tbe coast at any moment Bvery hundred yards or so brush kan garoos sprang up and dashed wildly through the ferns, while occasionally a mob of. foresters gazed mildly at the intruders for a time, and then hopped gently away. " Don't you think we might sneak up and get a shot at one of those big fellows, they don't look very wild ?" Bald Tom. "We could do that easily enough," re plied Will, "but there is a snug little fwamp just over that rise, and I think we might get a shot at some ducks. We can have a go at the kangaroos afterwards If you like." " All Tight," said Tom. "You know he3t." On approaching the rise the boys dis mounted, and, hanging their horses to a tree crept cautiously up to the top, and looked into a little valley, in the centre or which was a small round swamp. A lew rushes grew round the edges, and water weeds covered nearly all its surface, but there were no trees close to it, although the surrounding country wae rather heavily tim bered. " That hole is exactly seventy yards in width," whispered Will, " and is very deep. It never goe3 dry, and nobody knows how it is Oiled, for no creek iuns into it. There are only two ducks on it," he added, " and 'they are musk duck ; no chop to eat- Will you have a go at them ?" " I may as well," said Tom, in whom the spirit of the hunter was strong. ' Well, go tack a bit and saeak found the other Eide, where theie is a patch ot long grass running right up to the rushes. I'll wait here." Accordingly Tom crammed his hat firmly on his head, and, retreating a iVoit uia tance, wheeled round to the right. Having reached the long grass, he carefully re moved his hat, and, crawling on his hands and knees, arrived at the rushes at about thirty yards trom the ducks. The two unsuspecting birds were floating in a clear patch cl water, apparently asleep, wkh tfceir beaks snugly tucked into their feathers, and Tom, rising steadily, took careful aim, and pulled the trigger. One bird immediately extended its neck, and lay motionless, while the. other scuttered a few feet along the surface, then dived, and was seen no more. "Bravo!" cried W/JU. "You've got one anyhow. Where's the other chap ?" "He dired," said Tom-, "and hasn't come up." " We'll never see iiim again," said Will. " Sometimes wJien they are hard hit trey 4ive under the weeds and die there. Any how, the eels will have a feed." " Are there many eels here ?" asked Tom. " Any amount, and they'll have that duck polished off in lo time. In fact, they'll mighty coon have that one on top if you don't fish him out." " I suppose I'll r-«ve to swim," Baid Tom. " Not a ghost of a doubt about that if you want to get him, for I can't swim. But he's not worth troubling about," said Will. " Oh, I'm not going to leave him there now I've shot him. I have never seen a musk duck close, and I want to have a look at the bag under his beak." . In a very short space or time Tom had stripped, and, choosing an open track that the cattle had made in the weeds, walked as far as he could, and then swam to the duck. On 'the return trip he placed the duck's neck between his teeth and entered what he thought was the open channel by which he <had swum out, but he had made a mistake, and in a few yards found himself encircled with weeds. For a few strokes he got along pretty well, and then the weods began to encircle his legs. In vain ihe kicked and struggled, the weeds wrapped him more closely in their clinging folds. " Oo back, Tom, and take another chan nel," ciiei Will, who saw what had hap pened. " You can't get through those weeds." But by -thie time Tom's strength was near ly gone, and he rightly concluded his oniy chance was to get into shallow water. Twice he dropped his feet, bit could not touch bottom, and struggled on again. Meanwhile Will was in a dreadful state of mind. He could not swim a stroke, and be gan to realise the danger his mate was in. " Get a stick and meet me," gasped Tom, who felt the end tad nearly come. Will rut Led away towards tv.o trees, And Tom, who was thoroughly exhausted after a strenuous effort, sank helple.:i3ly beneath the surface. Will, with a cry of dismay, tore a branch off a tree and rushed back to the ewauip. But the end was not yet. When Tom ?ank hiß feet touched the bottom so soon 'that he was fissured a few feet more towards the bank would place him in salety, and impel ling himeelf forwards and upwards, he ■battled with his foes once more. Just as Will reached the edge ot the lagoon Tom's strength again failed Jiim, and his feet dropped to the bottom once more ; but to his joy his head was above water. Even then it was-as much as he could do to main tain an erect position, and he stood there with quivering limbs and grasping for breath. " Take that duck out of your mouth, you duffer !" cried Will, who waß nearly blub bering with relief. And Tom, whose teeth had met in the duck's neck, opened his mouth and let the bird's head fall on the weeds in front of him. It was some minutes before Torn couM move from his resting-place, and even when he reached the shore many of the snake-like woods were clinging round his necit and limbs. " My word, old fellow, that was a close call," said Will a» Tom dressed himself ; " I thought it was all up with you, and I felt sick when I knew 1 couldn't swim out to l*>lp you." • "If you bad swum out you might have teen drowned," said Tom. "Yes, "but I mightn't; and I c.ould have helped you, even if if was only to make you drop that duck. You'd have kept your breath longer if you had spat out that fceautly thing." ' Wfll, as you can't swim," said Tom, " it's no use saying what you would or could ffeve done if you could swim. I went out for that duck, and meant to brine biro, back, and did ?" " What do you thick of him now you've got him ?" " Mighty little," said Tom, as, having ex amined the appendage under the diuk's throat, he tfcrew it hack, adding, " th» cols you have been blowing about can have him now." 9 They were startled "by hearing a dry, crackl.'ng laugh close behind them, and, turning rapidly, beheld a little old man leaning on a long ppear and carrying a bag over his shoulder, while a mongrel-looking dog stood by his side sniffing inquiringly at the "boys. The new corner had evidently been close to tbtau for tome momenta and had heard their conversation. '"Eh, eh, eh, eh !" crackled the old inaa. " The JoLnny-cum-lately has been having a swim in the Tetnitech, haß he ? He will know better for the future, Bh, eh, eh, eh! He must be a greenhorn ; and then to throw away the duck after all. Fetch it out, Lassie;" and the dog, walking cautiously into the swamp, retrieved the musk duck and laid it at her master's feet. " This is Crawfish Uan," Bald Will. " Crawfish Dan, or Dan Crawfish, whichever you like. He lives in a cave over there, and is the biggest old loafer in the district." At which the man wlih the crustacean name crackled heartily. Crawfish Dan was apparently about a hun dred years old, so -thm, and dried up, and wrinkled, was he. His eyes were bleary, and his mouth was garnished with two or three black stumps. A small Bkin cap covered his head, beneath which appeared a few scanty wisps of iron-gsey hair. His dog was also very old, and had a fixed way ot gazing at a perßon that was not at all reassuring. ,„ " What have you got in the bag, Dan 7 ** Na^bear," was the reply. •• Fat one, too. H»d my eye on him a good wbue. " How'd you get him ?" " Oh, I climbed a tree and poked him 2LKS; tJEtSUra if S l* ••"' "^WM gave Tom a wink, and catching hold of the bag unceremoniously Jerked it off the old man's shoulder, and emptied out a fine a» N°oTa bad sort of a bear at all." said Will ; " aad it* aeck is broken, but there is no'spear hole in the rtt» that I can Bee." "Bh eh, eh, eh !" crackled fhe old sin ner. " You will have a little joke. Master Will. H I call it bear, and you call it goose and Johnoy- come-lately calls it emu, what's the odds ? It'll eat Just as good. Bh, eh, *h, eh !" "That's all very fine, Mr. Dan, but how ever you spell it "Jealing is stealing. Be sideß, how do I lffiow it'B not an AlvaOale goose ?" "Oh, no, so help me!" said the old man at once, assuming intense earnestness. "You know well enough, Master Will, old Dan would starve before he took ay thing be longing to AlvadaJe. I'd eat old Lassie first, and I'd die before I'ddo that." " Anyhow, Dan, I don't like it," said Will; " and if I see or hear any more of it you'll have to leave the cave." "Now just you look here, Master Will. Down in the gully at the far side ot Ihe paddock's a nice little bit of burnt feed, and of course 1 set my shares there for wallaby, when behold yer this chuckle- headed goose —bear, 1 mean—comes along and gets Into a snare, and of course breaks its blessed neck trying to get away." "That's all very,well, but why did you set your snares so close to Muldoon's farm? There's plenty of burnt feed on the other side of the paddock." "Well, seem' as how you give me leave to live in the cave I have a right to hunt about here, but" (with an Indignant air), "what bloomin' right has Muldoon's gees in this paddick eatin' your grass ? Insted of bein' down on me you ought to be ob liged to me, and say. ' Here, Dan, old fel low, you've teen protectin' my interests, and here's sixpence for you to buy some tobacco.' Bh, eh. eh. eh 1" " But I can't waste any more time," he added with dignity ; " the tide will turn dreckly, and I must set my crawfish nets. " And the old fellow, popping the goose and duck into the bag, flung it over- his> shoul der, and strode off noiselessly towards his cave, Lassie trotting behind. When hn reached the top of the rise Dan looked round, and called out : " Tell Johnny-come-laiely that none but durned fools goes swimmin' in the YetnKsch. Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh !" " Well, that is a rum old creature, and no mistake ; who is he ?" asked Tom. " No one knows anything about him," re plied Will. " A few years ago he wa3 found near the house, lying on the side or the track almost insensible. He had no swag, and was evidently very ill. The mater had him brought up to the house, ana nursed him till he recovered." " Does he never speak of himself ?" " No, not a word. He'll spin yarns by the hour. All we can gather is that he has been a soldier, and a sailor, and has travelled pretty well all over the world." " When he became strong enough he did little jobs about the place, but would not take orders from any one but ths matei Finally he became so cantankerous <Za.L one or two servants left rather than be near him, and the mater had to talk to him very seriously one evening. The next mornins Dan was not to be found, and as he did not appear the following day we concluded he had left us for good. About a week later I was riding after some cattle in this paddock, and I saw smoke rising from the cave, and on looking in found old Dan and a dog. The old chap has lived there ever since. The mater sent him bedding and other things, and he earns a little money by catching crawfish, and selling them (o tn? farmers round about. He snares a good deal of small game, but sometimes gets pinched for food, and calls on the mater. The old beggar is smart enough in some things, but I think he's a bit cracked also. We'll look him up some day." The boys, having remounted, pursuedtheir way to the back paddock, which they reach ed without further incident. (To be continued.) 