Roundabout Notes. By Milboy. To win the Prince Edward Handicap, City and Suburban Handicap twice, the Lewe3 Handicap four times, the Cambridgeshire, the Cesarewitcn, the uroodwood Cup, and the Ascot Cup within three years is a wonderful performance on the part of the little band of Australian racehorses in England, and no doubt at all exist* in the minds of those whose ex perience entitles them to give an opinion but what this record of races would have been considerably augmented bad Aurum stood up. He was the best of all Australian racehorses that left these shores since Pans showed our cousinB down under that racehorses could be successfully reared and educated in Aus tralia. Pans, Georgic, Malnma, Merman, Newhaven, The Grafter, Form, Battalion, Ebor, Tornado, Manazona, aud Actnena nave won races in England, and their winnings represent the work of about 20 tried Australian racehorses against the best of about 7000 English and hundreds of American horses. To wrest such great long- distance races as the Ascot Cup, the Goodwood Cup, and the Cesarewitoh from the select of England, not to mention any French or American horses that may have been about, were * feats worth bragging about, but it is not brag to say that no such results have ever been obtained in the same space of time with such a small team of horses as have been obtained by the Australians since Paris gave them a taste of his quality hy running away with the Northamptonshire Stakes under four years ago. ThetSughneesof the Australians has also been demonstrated by the length of time Merman, Mulumo, Newhaven, and Paris have been at the game. Had Paris been trained from the first by a man like F. W. Day he would have returned with a much better record than he did, but Mr. Marsh, who had the working oil him, it appears could not, or would not, train the wilful, hard ?pulling son of Grandmaster alone, but drove him to the verge of madness by working him with other horses. There never were any half-measures with Paris when another horse was alongside, but if worked alone he could be ridden at any pace required. As Marah hai nothing except Paris among hiB little lot of about 150 horses fit to hold a caudle to Persimmon, the old son of Grandmaster was fctuoiped up, and his usefulness as a lacshorse destroyed getting the .. Prince's colt ready tor the Derby. No doubt it was very gratifying to all loyal Aus tralians that Paris was one of the few horses in Eugland fit to lead tbe Pnucs'a crack m his work, tout it is more than ^probable that Mr. H. C. White would have been very much mure satisfiediiad eomebody else's horse I ecu sacuiiced, and Paris Ibeen galloped for rich, prizes instead of mere glory, and it was fortunate for the prestige of the Aus tralian horse that 5Tenna.n, Acniena, Newhaven, and The Grafter were trained iu utables where there was no highly connected Dsrby crack tiiat required a hardy, robust horse to keep him up to concert pitch. It is perhaps fctile news to tell Auatialians that it was mainly through Mr. W. Allison that Merman was ©ought for England, aud that Mr. Allisou is a harct *mrt.fast believer in Lowe's figure system, aud t'uat it hackney breeds to tight (!) the Boers.' Three years a«o a writer in the London ' Standard ' gave Mr. Allison, Bruce Lowe's System, and Australian race horses au awful doing in that paper, but Nemesis was on bis track, inasmuch £S before his opinions could travel far Merman won the Cesarewitch from the cream of England's handicap horses. Of course the writer did not think Merman much good, and did not know— until he was told —that Mr. Bruce Low selected Merman's granddam in England for the late Mr. Andrew Town, and finding her empty, put her. to Coltness, the result being Seaweed, the dam of Meiman. ^^| -17^ Sie Hercules (3), by Caj-a-pie S S Yattendon. c^^ by Tros ll2J . ?? § S First Lady St. Albans (2), by Stocktvell (3). n £ 0 (imp.) Ddu. of Orlando (13). a (1) King Tom (3), by Harkaway (2). ^ ^ Coltness. Crocu«, by Ihormanby ill). £ gjj Lifeboat (1), by (Eng.) Sir Her 5s— c «r f,-™~ ^ cules(2). n Surr Ump.;. Dau, of Joskin (5)— dau. of Auto I . crat(l). It is no recret th\t they were nevar very sweet on Merman at St. Albans, and thought him well sold at 1C00 guineas, and on all pubiic form he looked dear enough at that figure, out like the majority of -iS breed he improved with age, and turned out a bargain of bargains. A great many of Grand Flaneur's stock are remarkable for their hardness and lasting qualities, and in this connection Grand master's sons took some beating. On the dam's side Grand Flaneur was closely related to Grand master. The latter'e dam was by Stockweli from Slander, by Pantaloon fioni Touchstone's sister Pasquinade, a daughter of Banter, while the dam of Grand Flaneur was by St. Albaus— son of Stockweli — great-granddam, a sister to Jocose, by Pantaloon from Banter. Nine-tenths of the Flaue-urs and the Grandmasters have splendid oblique ehoulders, deep fore ribs, and strong back ribs. The Grandmaster breed are famous from the Gulf to Adelaide for their courage and use fulness, aud wherever a Grand Flaneur colt is covering good riding horses are to be found. There are people to be found in this world who are foolish enough to decry the influence of the thorough bred on stock or riding horses, but they are not practical men , who learned what they know about horses iu the saddle over long stretches of road, aud during the long summer days mustering cattle. There is no horse like the thorough-bred for saddle work, and he who takes the opposite line of argu meut proclaims his own ignorance and inexperience. Bush friends of mine declare that the Grand Flaneur colts are getting stock horses quite equal to those of Grandmaster, which is in all conscience recommendation enough, as the Grandmasters have earned undying fame in Austiaha, and their worth is known from one end of the country to the other. The Panics, too, are a wonderful breed that no day is too long for, or any fence too big to dauut them. Panic, Grandmaster, and Grand Flaneur all balonged to the s ime family. Australia is fortu nate in possessing so much of this hardy, courageous blood, and they owe the importation of. Grand Flaneur's dam to that prince of sportsman, the late Mr. Andrew Town, while for the importation of Grandmaster they can thank Messrs. Dangar and White. When the Chipping Norton mares were eold iu Syd ney last April Mr. Archie Yuille came over pre pared to pay a thumping figure for Mermaa's sister Eidothea, but much to his astonishment and de light he got her at 120 guineas for his English client, Mr. J. H. Platt. What iB her value in England to day ? Probably ten times tbe figure Mr. Yuille paid. In fact, any Grand Flaneur niare is, and al ways was, a most valuable asset, as they have the same knack of putting Bhape and vitality into their stcck as have Ixraua flaneur's sous, ana mat is say ing much when the shapes moulded by Premature, Dare Devii, Aureus, Patrol, anrtRuenalfitietakeninto consideration. Better looking horses thu-u the Ruen alfs are hard to find anywhere, and three out of the four by him that have been trained have iron races. Ganmain, who is out of a Flaneur mare, is another that is likely to get rare cuts, and other shapely horses out of mares got by Merman's sire that may do better at the stud than they have on the turf are Woodlark and Pre&tigne;, while Eastern King will take some faulting for a eire likely to get shapely saddle hoiBes. Unfortunately for the blood stock of the country Grand Flaneur was for many years Bealed up to all except Hobartville mares, and many of his best sous were cut in order that they would last longer for racing. It would have been a good thing for the country if Hopscotch, Biringi, and such as they had not been operated upon, as they could hardly have failed to beget horses well able to carry a cavalryman or to go fast through the bu3h. The Bhapes that Ruenalr, Dare Davfl, Aureu?, Premature and other Flaneur colts put into their stock assures the strain as good a place in the estimation of practical horsemen as is held by the Grandmasters, and it would be wise on the part or breeders to preserve as much of tbe blood as they are able, for now that the war has started a boom iu honebreed iug, lines like these that keep up the original shape, and a good storage of vitality, ars sure to be very valuable. Mr. Long was rather unlucky with his mares at the sale. He had previously refused an English iffer of £500 a-piece for all bis Trenton mares, but only got an average of 230 guineas for all his brood mares at the sale. If such mares as Queen Agnes and Eidothea. were on the sale li&t; uow they would easily sell at very much more than for what they were virtually given away for at the sale. After Mr. W. R. WiUon bought Merman at the Randwick yearling sales somebody asked Mr. Leslie M'Donald what sort of a colt he was; and ' Mac ' jocularly informed his iuterrogator that ' he could uot tell until tbe youngster waB melted down a lot.' Merman was a fat yearling without a doubt, and a etilty one as well. Mr. M'Danald recog nised the futility of expecting such an over-fed youngster to begin early, and when he got -him over to St. Albaus he turned him loose among a ttibe of healthy home-bred yearlings that were supple-limbed and hearty, having pleuty of room and liberty to take natural exercise, and work oft anything that would be likely to affect the health and galloping powers. Merman's efforts to keep pace with bis new friends in tbeir paddock gallops, I am told, was very comical : but in time the out-door exercise worked tlw mountain of uselpss fat off, and juBt before he wss broken in the scu of Grand Fianeur was beginning to hold his own iu the paddock sprints with the majority of his rivals, but he never had a ghost of a show with Wallace either for pace or staying power. At fii st Merman was a very un promising subject, and nobody connected «nth him ever dreamt that be would be anything out of the common, or dally long on the racing stage. He began ts wake up at the back end of his season, and wen his winter oats, aud in tha autumn of ms three I ^ocT-.-iirl riuvs name over to Syduev, but did nothing. are au ordinary lot ;'but it must be borne in mind that ' the best two-yaar- olds— Hautesse, Iaa, and Haulette — practically did not appear till the back end, and of the trio, Haulette, was the only one asked to take on the old horses at w.f .a. Then the distance was a mile, which is always a bit out of a twoyear old's reach. However, &b; the record etands to date, Beacon is the only one of the Sydney lot to beat a mixed field in metropolitan company, but it is broadly hinted that that victory was made Bmooth for him by more than one in the race, who would not go out after him until it wae too late. Good judges did not forget Beacon's form among the older division when he appeared at Warwick Farm Ia6t Wednesday in the two-year-old rai'' with 151b less to carry than the top weight. Why he was placed 60 low down the handicap below Butternut and Barbarossa, and level with Gpnaro, is one of those handicapping mys teries which so confuse ordinary folks, and anuoy owners up to swearing point. Gouaro opened the ball well in October by winning tha first two-year- old race of the season, but for that very narrow victory he has been made to pay. He haB not won a race or run well in one since, yet he is always found up with ihe good ones and giviug other winners weight. The Warwick Faim race introduc ?* many sports men to a trio of slashing youngsters in Schiinmel, Beugonia, and Dottswood, all oi whom give promise of better thiugs in the future. Djtswood, who is one ?f JJr. W. Forrester's, is a big-bonnd, well -grown toa of Niagara out of Modesty, the dam of Bruce Lowe and Tricolor. She is by Maribyrnon'g' out of Etiquette (imp.), the ancestress of Florrie, Fjaunces ton, and The Swell. Schimmei is one of those year lings that Mr. W. H. Mate purchased at tbe break-up sale of Kirkham, and being a big growing colt very little has been done with him during the season. At Warwick Farm he was much above himself and little fancied, but he rail up well at the finish. He is by Gossoon out of Vestatia, by Cluster from Volley, by MuEket from Lady Vivian (imp.), the dam of Vigorous, Valorous, and Vivian. Both tbe colts mentioned premise to be useful recruits in the great army of racehorses. It is a fact worth noting that they both belong to the same family (20) as Gozo. The slasbiag great descendant of Chester, Bengoma, was heavily backed to win at Warwick Farm, but something happened her at the bend and her trouble aleo put the favourite, Marama, out of court. BengoDia, however, made amends at Moorsfisld on Saturday by winning the Nursery Handicap with a fine resolute run at the finish, after appearing to be hopelessly beaten at the top of the hill. Bsngonia was bred by Mr. Andrew Leitcb, of Berry Jerry, and, as her name suggests, iB by that expatriated sou of Chester, Bengal ; her dam, Latonia, by Oudeis from Latona, by Mooithorpe (sou of Doncaster) out of Miss Phoebe, by Kingston (imp.). She is trained by the veteran RussLill trainer, ' Billy ' Miller, who was not well enough to attend and see her run, but his many friends will be glad to hear that he has almost recovered from his long illness. While on the two-year-olds it is worth mentioning that Myall, who ran at the Farm, is a good sort that is likely to give a better exhibition of pice in the future than be did last week. He is by Locbiel out of Crystal, by The Gem, and, like Amiable, Loch Marie, and Co., runs back to Adeline, by Kingston. As might have been expected during these warlike times, names familiar in connection with the South African campaign would find a place in the entry lists of the A.J.C. and V.R.C. ' young ' races. Mafeking has been used twice. The Randwick trainer W. Duggan used it for his colt by Haut Brion out of Collarette, but Eli Jeller, of Fleming ton, also commaiideerett it for hiB col» by Tostig out of Glint. The ownar of Au Revoir forestalled many yearling owners by a few diys when here-named his hurdler Baden* Powell— quite a few owners of vnunersters were anxious to use that name tor their yearlings. Kipling, Lady Churchill, Fighting Mac, Gay Gordon, Dick Cunningham, Black Watch, Fly ing Column, Buller, and Pom-Pom. are all new names for racehorses, but are not new to readers of war literature. There is a rule that is sup posed to compel owners to name their youag stock when nominating, but this rule seems to have been more honoured in the breach than in the observance, as veiy many youngsters are on the lists without a name, and no ioubt when they are christened war like titles will be freely used. Some of tbe names given to the youthful entrants sound familiar, and many are, of course, inappropriate. For instance, Flying Fox for the colt by Light Artillery out of Primula is remarkable indeed for the absence of originality, and Bunne has already been used for an Abercorn mare not? at Wilton Park. There is an Excelsior mare in Queensland named Edua, and Blue Metal's dam also has that name, yet it has also been bestowed on a yearling by Eumarrah ; while Eily, Clifton, Oma, Abbess, and Spartan, all of which have been used before, appear on the list for the V.R.C. Maribyrnong Plate. Sunrise is a much used name for both horses and mares, but that fact has not influenced the owner of a colt by Sunrise out of Loo, whom he has named after the well-known sire. Such names as The Victory, The Cois cau, aud The Palmer are likely to be confounded in the future with Victory, Corsican, and Palmer. The absence of Australian aboriginal names on the lists is remarkable, and can only be accounted for by the scarcity of aboriginal dictionaries. In few caseB has tbe sire and dam's names been considered. Per haps the most suitable name among all is The Strutter, by Grand Flaneur -Dovecote. Kipling, by Haut (Hi^h) Brion from Novelette, is good, and Master Key by Padlock from Governess is excellent, as is 'Pom-Pom for the colt by Light Artillery out of Cyclone. 