I THE MERCURY. HOBART: WED., OCTOBER 10, 1900. EPITOME OF NEWS. Sheep judged at Longfoid Show yester- day. Results published to-day. Quarterly meeting diocesan Sunday School Association, which was to have been held to-moriow, postponed. Public meeting on subject of "Moat famine," at Inipenal this evening Electoral Revision Court for Richmond at local Courthouse, 25th inst. Wrangle at Stiahan Town Board yes terdaj. Chairman dissolved the meeting. William Payne, of Weldborough, over- run by a waggon at Derby yosterday, and killed Wednesdny and Thursday 17th and 18th msts., have been pi oclainfcd public hoh dajs, fiom noon, for the New Town Show. Entries for the Spring Stock Show at New Town this veai are very numerous, and many of them of high quality State school children within tho Cam- pania radius are to baie a holiday to- món ow week - first day of Stock Show at New Tow u. Silver. 28 ll-16d. Another plague case at Bnsbane. Dr. Ley ds sajs the Transvaal archives are safe at the Hague V.R C. spring meeting entiles total 945, as compared with 739 last year. Trade of United Kingdom shows per- ceptible mci case for September last. Japan will not withdraw troops from China at present Americans and Russians preparing for lengthy sojourn in Peking Allies in strong force occupy gates and forts of Shanhaikwan. Russians lune captuied Mukden, capital I of Manchuria New Secretary of State for War likely to be selected from House of Commons Mr Chamberlain likeli to retain port- folio as Secretaiv of State for the Colo- nies Membeis of Salisbury Ministry have formally resigned, pending reconstruction of Cabinet. Twenty-two submarine vessels will be on the strength list of the French navy in three years' time. Another attempt, happily unsuccessf ii, has been made to wieck a train ne-ir Christchurch, N Z Chinese Couit lemovingto Singan fu, on piete\t of being starred out fiom Kiynen fu Japanese deem the statement ínsin ceie Cape Colony Assembly proposes to bor- row half a million steiling to immediate- ly disburse among private sufferers by the war. Adelaide City Council has withdrawn its opposition to the Westinghouse Electric Tramways Bill, now before Parliament. Bribery alleged Mr. Samuel Gillott, solicitor, member of the Legislative Assembly for East Mel- bourne, was yesterday elected Mayor of Melbourne for next year. Mr. G. D Carter, M L A for Melbourne, has retired from the Melbourne City Coun- cil, after 24 years' service. Mr. Carter is an ex-Treasurer of Victoria Mrs Mary Carney, charged at Benalla (V), yesterday with the murder of her two children at Nnmuikah, was acquit- ted, on the giound of insanity. Parliamentary Committee Bitting on rating in New South Wales One wit- ness said there was too much lacing in the colony Colonel Roberta gave some sad evi- dence jesterday at Sydney before the Select Committee appointed to inquire into the sending of contingents to South Africa State of officers in Afnca de- plorable Finding of cutter belonging to H M 8. Mildura on New Zealand coast has led to close search for wreckage, but seafar- ing men bold opinion that the boat was washed off davits during heavy sea. Church of England Assembly, sitting at Melbourne, have adopted, by a small majority, resolution affirming need for vigilance against Romanising movement in the Church. Dr. Leyds says all the treasure Paul Kruger retains is part of his own pnrate fortune. Also, that Transvaal public money has been placed at disposal of De Wet and Botha. Lord Roberta regrets not being able to accept invitation to be present in Sydney at inauguration of Commonwealth in Jan- uary next, owing to having to take up his duties as Commander-in-chief of British army. _ In the House of Assembly yesteiday, A petition was presented in regard to the Midland Water Supply. The Premier explained the reasons for the delay in the construction of the Ho- bart Contagious Diseases' Hospital. Tho Premier proposed, in Ways and Means, a tax on stallions of £3, and bulla ¿El, the proceeds to be devoted to improv- ing the breeds of horses and stock. Debate followed, and the item bulls being de- feated. Ministers piacfioally withdrew the motion Further programs was made willi the es- timates of expenditure for next year in Committee of Supply. It was indicated by Ministers that the Mining Bill would be taken nert dny for second reading. The House at 11 p.m. adjourned till 4 p.m. next day. A ^number of very fine things are beinfc said about Federation, and we are sure to bear a great many more in the coarse of the next few months, but the Federal spirit can hardly be said to prevail in renard to several important matters. For example, the fruit trade is in a state of chaotic | irrilaiiou. The Sydney authorities are making themselves as nasty as thoy can, are, indeed, at times goiug to a length which shows a vindictive spirit, while we leam that the feeling in Victoria is very little more satisfac- tory, though 'he action taken is hardly so hrupqne or so reckless. This feeling in both colonies is said to have arisen from the vacillating conduct of Tasmania, who acts, j apparently, without either rhyme | or reason, and is so uncertain, so erratic, that no one knows where to havo her. It is said, whether rightly or wrongly, that there is no consist- ency, continuity, or method in our action. While we rigorously exclude certain Victorian-grown trees which can be guaranteed free from all pests, and which can be closely inspected and fumigated if desired, we admit other plan ra equally liable to blight, and often allow them to pass without any useful inspection at all. In New South Wales, where the officials are particularly nasty, reckless and incon- sequential, as letters published by us have shown many times, the griev- ance seems to be mainly, about the way in which we deal with the fruit, which is said to be on no system, and of such a character as to aggravate in a very serious manner the New South Wales exporter. We Bhall not under- take to say how far these complaints and the consequent irritation and un federal action are warranted, but we do know that a great deal of the fruit Bent here from Sydney is in a state which should have prevented it being allowed to leave the colony. ~ Indeed, Borne, we may say a good deai, of the fruit actually admitted into this colony should never have been allowed to be landed, and we, for one at all events, whatever the New South Wule« authorities may say or do, hold thai a much more rigid supervision is required than is now carried our. For, New South Wales is crawliug I with pests of all kinds. The black j spot, which the officials pretend to I dread so much, is all over the place, j und it Tasmania dumped all her ipotted apples on a Sydney wharf to- morrow, no passible harm could be doue. Therefore, -the wanton, uu- ' friendly und unwarranted action of the Sydney officials, who condemn a whole consignment bec.iuse one or two apples have a spot upon them, is taken in a spirit of- revenge, quite uuvmrthy of any Government, and particularly in- defensible at this present time. More- over, the San JcH-é scale, the curse of American orchards, the most terrible of insect pests, is prevalent >n New South Wales, and what is more, if we can believe local writers, no one tnkes much trouble to eradicate it. That pest must be kept out of this colony at all risk'. No matter what Sydney growers or Sydney officials may think about our doings, it is the duty, a duty which mubt not be relaxed for an hour, of the authorities here to see that this pest does not gain admission. We have hud one or two narrow escapes already, as fruit infected with the scale has been brought in, for which reason a rigid inspection of all fruit from Sydney should be persistently carried out. When we call to mind the fuss, the absurd and unnecessary fuss, that is made in Sydney over a few black-spotted apples, which could do no harm, surely the Sydney people can hardly complain if Tasmania is very rigid in her precautions to ex- clude the San Jose scale. Though a great deal of irrita- tion exists both iu Victoria and Ne« South Wales, and we may say in Tas- mania, too,' we apprehend that none of the colonies wishes to do anything merely out of spite. Matters have drifted into a bad position, partly for want of a mutual understanding, and partly because of the reckless and fool- ish conduct of fruit exporters We have had on several occasions to take our own exporters to task, some of whom seem to exemplify the saying of Coleridge, that a rogue is a fool with a circumbendibus. They are ignprant and dishonest enough to in- jure the community and themselves at tlie same time, and thus give an excuse for the extraordinary action of the Sydney officials. But, it is as well to remember, all the rogues and fool« are not iii Tasmania, for the tricks played io Sydney are at least equal ti» any played here, and all the more dangerous, because of the more danger- ous chnracter of the pests. The ac- count may, therefore, be said to be squared, both with New South Wales and Victoria, and the question now is, what is best to he done in order that the several colonies may deal with each other in an honest, friendly, and 1 profitable manner ? For, they can benefit each other. The fruit trade should be profitable all round, and should supply the wants of the several colonies. We refuse to believe that a method of satisfactory trade cannot be discovered and carried out. What is wanted is a consultation of those con- cerned, so that a plan may be laid down to which all will agree, and which will meet, as far as they can be met, the wants and wishes of al). How can this be brought about ? What is necessary to be done in order to satisfy all legitimate demands and desires, and remove the irritation which exists at the present time? There has recently been a sort of fruit con- gress in Melbourne, at which - it was decided that Victorian fruit trees might be safely imported into this colony, about which we never had a doubt ; bat something more is require!, in order to put the fruit trade on a sound and permanent basis. The present local Ministre of Agriculture is a practical man, who has restored confidence in the Agricultural Depart- ment, and we think that he might take action which would lead to a treaty for what we may call mutual defence amongst the colonies. We think that be would do well to open negotiations with the other colonies, and see whether a permanent modus vivendi cannot be laid down. If the other colonies are re- solved that all fruit should be inspected before it loaves this colony, let us have inspection, provided that they will agree to do the same. Let the Minister learn what are the conditions to which all will agree, and let them be accepted and enforced. The interests involved are very large, amounting to- many thousands a year, and we can only express our surprise that the business baa been allowed to drift into such a chaotic condition. Ministers are fond \ of talking about " encouraging " indus- triel- ; here is a chance to really encour ncfi and place on a Bound basis a staple industry, for we believe that a confer-, ence of Ministers would'remove all the difficulties. Mr. Collins mny win the gratitude if fruit-growers, if be but takes occasion by i he hmid, Pailliamkntari opinion on the subject . of the bull and stallion tax was shown ! last night to be still very much divided ¡ on the subject of the tax itself as nell as on the amount that is to be imposed, and tlic particular Treasurj chest ninth is to absorb and benefit bj the monej when raised The form m which the sub- ject was brought forward this jeni was quite different from that in which it has been previously seen, and the Govei li- ment asked a trial for it to bec it it w ould serve a purposo It w as no longor designed that the proceeds of the tnx should be absorbió by the Government Nor was it proposed that the Agricul- tural Societies BÍiould have the conti ol of it. The intention was to appropriate the funds, after they had been paul into the General Treasury, to a special pul- poso , the improvement of the breeds of horses and stock by the consequent des- truction of many animals-mongrels it is the fashion to call them-or by their going out of use, and by the encourage- ment of the movoment alrendj in opeia tion in the colony for bringing about a botter state of things, and toi the intro- duction of pure-bred stock that sho^d raise the tone of things in the colon) generallj These were the Government proposals last night, and the} also pro- posed to raise the tax from the £2 foi stallions, previously suggested to £3 for those entires, and the bull tax from the 10s originally sot down for such stock to 20s The Government lune not, how- ever, oven now managed to satisfy everyone Peihaps the> did not expect to do it At am rate thej did not m tioipato such short shrift as they receiv- ed Some members vi interfile Agricul- tural Societies still to have a prospect of additional funds from these sources so as to result in enhanced nttiaitivc ness for their shows, and to induce nn increase of exhibits while another sec- tion was at variance with the amount« selected thinking they should be fixed still higher, and that ¡it the prirent t inff theic would be no good íesults foi tlieoni ing Then still further theie w.ih the friend of the "struggling farmer," who objected to the bull proposal altogether, thinking that the small breeder shou'd be permitted to follow his own, what others think, qucstionab'e practices, un- disturbed, producing animals which suit his own purpose as he lists, regardless ' altogether for the wish of a higher na- tional level in the matter of farm btock, and regardless also of the interests of his neighbour, who, it is averred, is so much endangered by the presence of the "mongrels" in their neighbourhood. . The Committee wore only cordial in j criticism, and when they had tentatively i carried tho voto in its entirety by one, ' they threw- out tlu; bull tax by a slightly 1 larger majority, and then Ministors threw up the sponge, and would not even 1 give their voices for the emasculated motion. So, for another year it passes into oblivion, so far as Parliament is concerned, very much to the regret of those who want to i>eo the co ony go ' ahead, and decidedly at variance »Cith the expenditure latoly incurred by Min ' isters for the improvement of tUe herds of the colony. ______ Some useful light was thrown last night in the Assembly on the subject ol de- putations, the way they aro arranged, the objects they have in view, and the steps they take to carry them out. The admission was made- that on general oc- casions there is a call on all members who aro within reach of any sort to roll up and form part of the body who are to interview Ministers. If a mem- ber objects that ho is not in favour of the appeal to be made to the Govern- ment, ho is told that it does not mat- ter at all if he is an advocate or not. "Como along, old fellow," say the pro- moters. "Come and liston even if you do not mean to be on our side, and when you hear the subject brought be- fore tho House you will be the better nblo to discuss it." Sometimes an in- nocent member from the north, one like Mr. McCrackan, for instance, ad- mitted himself to have been on a leccnt occasion, gets deluded into n position, a false position, which he never meant to occupy, and when a puzzled Minister some timo later charges him in the House with having turned his coat ho is na- turally somewhat irnte at the position of perploxHy in which he finds himself. Sometimes, moreover, the apparent strength which lies in formidable num- bers does not turn out us expected. Sometimes, as was shown to have been the cace not very long ago, one of til w-'lling guests of the deputatonists, Mr. Lyne, taking up a position of his own willing guests of the deputationists, Mr. individual view, which was at varianco I with the views of those who brought him I there, that the Premier had to acknow- I ledge that in the end he really did not know what h's visitors wanted, and what they did not. The deputation bubble, which has floated so proudly on the part? pond of late, has thereforo suffered not a little in its dignity. Like many other pretty-looking things, confectioners' tarts, and the rest, it has been shown they want to be inspected beneath the surface to find out what they are really . worth. Members themselves have been ' told, moreover, what construction is put on their attendance, and promoters have been warned how thev mn7 take wolves into their fold to the'r own de- triment. Somo reform is consequently j likely to be set on foot as the result of I the revelations. I Mr. Coghlan, in his recwit volume of vital statistics ot How South Wales,deals at some length with zymotic diseases, and especially with typnoid fever. It is extraordinary that so much alarm should bo created at times on account of typhoid, especially in Hobart, when, as a matter of fact, it is not nearly so fatal as several other disease's and is, al.so. less constant than they. The Hobart alarm is partly due to the exaggerated statements made in another part of tin island, and partly to the strange way l in which sonic persons find a pleasure' I in frightening themse'ves, somewhat af-, ter the manner in which children snatcn i a fearful joy from ghost stories. As a ! matter of statutes, we find that in 1 Sydney the cases of certain diseases usu- ally regarded as preventable were as fol- lows to each 10,000 of the population : - Scarlet fever, 35; diphtheria, 11; tv plioid, 19. The deaths from typhoid dur- ing the years 1898 and 1899, the period dealt with, were higher than from some of the other diseases, but not so high as from diphtheria. Still, a death rate of 2 per 10,000 of the population, which was the rate from typhoid, is, not oin to create' much alarm, although so much has been said and written on the subject. In London, where typhoid is not regarded so seriously as here, the death rate per 10,000 was no more than 1, whereas the rate from dipRtheria was 5, and from scarlet fever 2. Typhoid, however, is more prevalent in Sydney than in London, but London shows more cases of scarlet fever and diphtheria than Sydney. Mr. Coghlan remarks that the year 1898 shows the begin- ning of the decline in the death rate in Sydney, which was concurrent with the inauguration of sanitary measures, which were very much required. He seems, however, not to bo quito certain whether the improvement was due to drainage work» or to the Dairies Super- vision Act. He says : -"The direct re- sult of legislation in the direction of the proper supervision of dair'es is seen In the decrease of the death rate of ty- phoid and phthisis, both of which dis- eases are known to be convevod by con- taminated milk." The death rate from typhoid, in faot, has fallen from 6 per 10,000 to 2. and this is a great improve- ment to achieve. Press of_ Matter.-Country corre- spondents will notice that their letter«! are juBt now cut down to absolute news items owing to heavy press of matte.-. For the same reason, writers of lengthy letters for the Open Column need not be surprised at delay in publication. Abresteo.-A man named Eberlie was arrested on warrant at New Norfolk yes- terday on a charge of being an idle and disorderly person on October 3, in being found in the dwelling-house of George Albert Robertson, Sandy Bay, for an unlawful purpose. He will probably be dealt with to-day in conjunction with a man named James. Fisher, who is al- ready under remand on the sam« charge. -__--_-_____«_________ The Great Western Railway -Mr Russell Young solicitor to the company, has received a further report from Mr. G. E. Moore, engineer-in-charge, in which Mr Moore states that, according to instructions, he has actively com- menced the construction of earthworks near Glenora. So far 170 men, with 18 carts, are at work on the banks and cuttings, besides fifteen men engaged in clearing. The men are encamped, as al- ready stated, 2½ miles from Glenora. The works commenced are between 1 mile 40 chains and 2 miles 70 chains and the progress made so far is very fair. Mr. Moore also reports, that after careful personal investigation, he has come to the conclusion that a considerable sav- ing can be made by making a slight de- viation from the original survey, start- ing from Glenora. With that view he is preparing sections, for the purpose of having it submitted for the approval of the Government. 1 \sv \m VN Solkii us' N mo\ u Mfmohivi 1 uni»-Hie hut lot of ni «.ular« ni connection with the abotn fund were posted on Monda), anil tim second lot >o»terday Tim following have re spindcd on lecupt of tin cnculnr - Messrs C J Muxucl ii , J 1 numil, f I, Mrt I'erc) Cusp.il, Henry Olrwr, lO-i bd , L 1 ¡a Hore, ii le I ast night nnite a lar^e nuiiiber of willing us-i- aants, Uiu.il) ludiLS who ii'MMid at tilt, banquet tendered to the llushincti Continrent, were present, and j.re Uly rut-isted the commutée in folding the S5 000 circulars All thoso who liiue ollcrul to assist are re quested to meet at the Muf-uiin this neu ing at 7 30 Sale of Ciiowi» | L nw -Mr G 3 Crouch held a sale of Crown lands on Tuesday morning, when the following lots were disposed of -Lot 2, about 7Ï acres, ftouting on Esplanade on Huon River, upset pnce .£15 F Griggs, Lot 3 0i acres, upset £15 fronting Huon River, G A Cawthorn Town of Cop- ping, lot 1, 7 acres, upset £15, P Out- ran Town of Cradoc, upset L19 7 acres C Beechey Tmn of Dunalley, acres \¿ Jieccncy a u ui xju . .-. 5i actes upset £10 T Crocker lovyi» j of Gordon 25 acres upset £30 M A Watson Town of Liverpool 10 acres j upset £17 M Morrison 12, actes upset £23 M Doodey Town of Lovett 5, acres upset £20 J P Lawler 10 ocies upset £24 E J Reaidon Town i of Woodbridge 23} acics upset £28 li ' Haidinge Parish of Leithbridge G acies upset £11 H Mansfield Pu si of Milton 52} ncies upsot £G7 1 H Haslewood Parish Anglesei 100 J acres upset £02 10s J AIcC ilium Pu i ish of Camden l61 J nci os upset £ )G Morris Jeffrej P irish of Champ 30 J acres upset £24 C Oates Pansh ot > A Ran bv Parish of Tyenna 41] acres linse pnce£29 10s T F Ficov Parish of Uxbridge 36} acies up ot £1*5 10s A Fenton Parish of Hone}wood 411 acies upset £27 C I Reran Pansli of Leithbridge 49i ncies upset JC32 A Vt Vtiso Parish of Arundel 521 act os up«ct £33 10s T R Hannon Parish of Mogooloy 19} acres upset £72 A W Brown Parish of Toganc 199a aci es upset £115 J Stacey C oNVALiscPNT Home-An OxedltlV Î meeting of tho Convalescent Home was tiold at the Home Belt ina jesteidav Present-Mrs H Dobson (president) Mrs McGregor (lion secretar.,) Mes dames Stephens Clerk Lovett Elliston Willis C Butler Misses Maudslay an J 1 Butler Thirteen patients were ic ported to bo in the home and accounts wore passed for pajment to the amount of £19 11s 9d Money was paid in to the amount of £31 16s 6d being sub scriptions from-Dean Kite 10s Colo ncl Legge £1 Dr Wolfhagcn £1 6s Di Sprott £1 Is also L\> 13s 6d from the Guesdon Bequest Tund and the remainder of the amount consiste 1 of patients'fees The annual repoit including balance- heet w as ordered f o be printed for circulation It w as men tioned that 30s had been collected b" two children Master Risbj and Miss Vtntohorn with which they wished to purchase something for the Home \ W C A Litfuvui ano Dpiivting Cluii .-In animated debate by this t lub took place at the li ill Bathurst stieet on Tuesday night the question as prcv íously giv en foi the meeting was Which is the strongei incentivo to suc- cessful w ork Ambition oi Lov e ? -but last nights debate made it unfair to merely put this question ns it fust I stood foi the membeis to vote upon I Miss Iivino (rnends High School) [ opened the discussion She spoke well and eloquently upon lov e but in exalt I mg it above ambition she ehiefiv con sidered ambition in its moro selhsh us pcets Miss Bird followed with an ex [ cecdinglj able paper showing that am bition in its lnglier sense is divine Love she said was tho lehgion of life ambition the desire for excellence-tho desiro to aclucve for tho sal e of achiev e mont-a co-worker with love Several speakeis followed on both sides but it became cleaier that taking ambition in the highest sonso, it was uisepaiiiblc from love-that it re iib "as abstiact love for excellence and though the ques ¿ion was put many did not vote at all and some of those who did got up ngain to ask in which sense ambition was be ! ing taken? Thorefoio it was thought I faner not to press tho question as pic I viouslj propounded A large numbei attended and moro new membeis weie enrolled Next meeting there will be five minute speeches, from members on any subject they please and caoli mein bor may bring a friend Ihkatrk Royal-Ihat Mr Harry Cogill B Comedy Company has hit tho popular taste in the peiformauces gu i at the Theatre Royal was again eviaonc ed last night by the lïrgo audience which assembled to witness the second production of the musical comedy A ¡ Trip to Chinatown in three acts Hie production was up to usual standard and met with a repetition ef the success I winch attended it the fiist night Hie I entert miment is v îricd and brimful of mirth provoking situations which excit the risibility ot the audience in a most pionounced fashion and as a sequence to each successive tem tpplause follows in unlimited measure Mr Cogill as Mi Welland Strong a man with on" foot in the grave was intensely humor ous m tho conception of the character and kept the house in continual mern ment Ho wus well supported by al1 tne other members of the company in their respective parts In consequence of the favour w ith which tins coined j has been received it will be repeated th .> evening An Old Art Revived-When Mis> Anastasia Hall a lady well known in Hobart art and literary circles was re cently spending a holiday in Melbourne she found that an old French stylo of painting that has been revived lately in England had found its way to the Vic- torian capital It is tho art of painting on gauze which is now quite th« rage in England, and is largelv used in home and dress decorations Miss Hall is the first to introduce the beau tiful art to Hobart An exquisite ex ample executed by Miss Hall is now on v tew at the establishment of Mr T L Hood, bookseller, Elizaboth stree where Miss Hall has her studio The Íiicture is a river scene with beaufci ully delicate delineations of sky water and reflection and some admirably paint ed carnations and butterflies in tho for» ground The golden glow of the sum mer day is thrown over the whole pic ture and the scene is one upon which the eye lingers with delight When the delicacy of effect produced by the material upon which the artist has worked together of course, with tho consummate skill employed in the paint ing is seen it will not be wondered that this resuscitated art has, at once cap tured the aesthetic sense of the oult - vated St Mart's Brass Band -It is an nounced by advertisement that St Mary's Boys' School Brass Band have chartered the s s Huon for an exour sion to Brown'B River th s afternoon The steamer will leave the pier at 2 30 The proceeds will be devoted to buying additional instruments for the band Tt will bo remembered to the credit of this bond that it was the first to tura out to celebrate the roi ef of Mafeking when tho news arrived The band is accustomed to s;ive performances at the Charitable Institution Now Town and elsewhere when asked to assist in char table objects River and Channel Excursions - The s s Beautiful Star will make an ex cursion to Port Cygnet and the Chan nel ports to-morrow morning and two tnns to Brown's River on show days the 17th and 18th mst Musical -Initiatory high class con certs take placo at the Masonic hall on 18th 19th 22nd and 23rd insts Misp Minnie Waugh and Mr T Gregor Wood will arnvo from Melbourne on the 17th A Htimomtino Wr -a. small «pnonfull of ADBDBYB CoooA with botlli or vmt/r nr milk will make Inatantlyn stimulating; mid »niblin inc ann of the mont drllolou» digestible «va .baolutelr pure and noarlfh'l t oooos. The Snow -A meeting of tho co-i mttteo of S T A and P Society wns hold )ostciday afternoon, tho prcsidout (Hon C E Davies, M L 0 ) in tho chair. It was dcoulcd to provide eertain icf|inre monts foi a demonstration of niodoin dairying by (ho Government Dairy Ex- port Tendel of Hc.ulqnaiterh Band to próvido music was acccptod Intim t tion was roconcd from tho Government thnt Wcilnosthi) and Thursday, Octohoi 17 and l8, liad boen pioclaunod public holidnvs fiom noon eaeh dn\ niitl that a public holiduv lind boen gi an tod to children attending the Stato behools within tho rtditis of Ciiiipimii Tho piosidont repotted good jjHigioss miuio with íiiipiovcnipiits on the ground, and approval «i» oxpiessed .it tho lacilitus aiioidotl b) the» ilnngo of po- ition oi tho cattlo pens, and the diameter ol work being poi formed It w us resolved to add two classe-, to tho schedule ono a Qui'cn'b Goss piii-e (Ist, Li 2s , second, ii Is ), and the other loi pan of pomes under Id hands- (hrsl, £1 , second, 10s.) A sub-cnminittce wa* aj> pomtod to allocate space foi o\lubitors of mnchmoiy and implements The -.oc rotary rcpoitcd the entries received in vauous clvssps, totalling nearly 7.")0 HitJi out paiticuhiiising each individual ex- hibit, and it was gcnci.Ulv ngioed that the hliow gives pi omiso of being the host sinco tho societv caine lntojicing Hopos vvero expressed that as tho society has now irnny calls, subscnberi> wnl fonvaul their guineas promptly Lonokoiid Snow -riie Longford Show takes placo to-di) Tho Runway De- partment announces that iotuin tickets at cheap excursion fares w ill bo lshtiod to Longford and Launceston from the Main, Western, Chudleigh, Fingal luid I Scottsdale lines In morning ti nins to i day, available for return jouincy uutij I Mondnv next By morning tiams to-day Aionanj next ay mouin l, ai is tu u j cheap excursion tickets to Longfoid or Launceston will bo issued from Hobait and places as far as Bridgewater A special if nun will leave Pix it tah today at 7 30 a ni reaching Longford at 11 ¿J am returning from longford at 5 do p m and i caching Pin Utah at Ilpili Passungci-s um uso return I») the train loading Longfoid it 8 SO p m connect ing with tho mail tiain at i'valida o Junction | Citv Pol icb ComiT - The Pol co Mngistnto (Mr B Shaw) and Mr W H I Blown J P picsidcd yesterday Daniel I cshi labourer admitted having been tliiink and disorderly in Livcrpoo' street on October 8 anti was fined 2», ! Gd with option of 2i hourb imprison mint ISvo young women named Cissio Deliney and Emilr Ling pleaded guilty I to disturbing the pence in Lli/abeth street on Octobei 8 by fighting and wore fined 30s e ich with the option of one months linpiisonmont having been pre viously connoted 1 oui small boys named \\\ illnm Jackson (10) Gcorgo Jackson (8) Sydnej Ru sell (11) and William Bell (14) woie charged witn stealing a numbci of hjncintlu vnlued at 0s from the garden of Mi II Slur le.) Macquarie sti cet and pleaded j guilty The Mugistinte snid Boll had I been conv icted before and was then let ofT with a caution Hie Bench felt n ciuicd to punish lum severely They I ordered lum to pay a fine of 5s and in default of payment he would bo locked j up till 10 p m If he w as conv icted aga'n he would be sent to the Tra nmg School for five yonrs Boys were becoming un bearablo in the tow n they btolo and de i stroyed almost evco thing they could got 1 at The othei boys, being first offenders I wore let off w th a caution An order 1 w as made against a man named Matthew . Venn foi the payment of £1 Is arrears of hospital foes I Tnt Missing) Ali s -Superintendent Hedbetg telegraphed from Strahan yes teiday that Constable Marshal' had wired lum that a careful search had been made nt the Pieman for the missin; men Jumes Mallett William Brake} and Thomis Welsh but no trace of them nilU J.J1UI11UA »ve-ini», u.iuJ.v *.»v.. ~. -... .was found. Plenty of assistance was available, and dragging operations were I to ho commenced to-day (Wednesdny.) I CONOHEGATIONAL FaIK.-A fair Will b'! i hold in tim New Town Congregation«' I school-room on the 24th hist., ino pro I coeds of which will be in aid of the build- ing fund. For some time past the Sun ' dar school teachers have been working îlard, and valuable gifts will bo offered for sale. lu the afternoon thcro vv'll bo special attractions for children, and a varied entertainment will be giv_n in ' the evening. St. Peteh's Church, Oatlands. - A I salo of gifts will be oponed in tho Town 1 hall, Oatlands, to-morrow afternoon by Mr. W. Burbury, M.H.A., in connection with StC Potcr's Anglican Church. The solo will bo continued on Friday. Institution rou the Blind.-An Ad- vertisement, Poster, and Dickens Ball, in aid of the Institution for W10 Blind, at Hobart, will take placo at tho Tovvn liall on Friday night next. The ball is ttndor tho patronage of Sir John nnd i Lady Dodds, the Premier rund Mrs. N. 1 E. Lovvis, Mr. Justice Mcintyre and Mrs. Mcintyre, and the Maror of Hobart and Mrs. J. G. Davies. There will be a "grand march" at 9.30 p.m. Prizes will bo given for the "mott comic, original, and besb set." ' Wksleyan Sunday Schools. -? Com- petitions in recitntioJi,rending,and music in connection with the Wcslcyan, Sun- day schools will take place this evening in tho Mechanics'-hall, Melville-street. j Puiilic Wouks Tendeiib. - Tenders oloso this morning at tho Public Works OfEco for the following works :-Roads : Sandspit River to Bream Creek, contract 4 ; district of Ormaig. road to soloetions of S. Bailey mid T. Stokes, contract 1. Erection of Geeveston Post and Tele- graph Ofiico. Repairs and alterations New Norfolk Hospital for Insano. Southern Aciucui.tuiial Society. Late entries for the Southern Tas- manian Agricultural and Pastoral So- ciety's annual stock show on the 17th and 18th hist«, close with the secretary 1 to-day on payment of double feos. I CoLEnnooK.-Matters military aro woll in motion here now. Ser geaut-Major Alderton, of Hobart, is drilling our detachment three timo a week, and we should soon soe some well-drilled soldiers at work. They nil take a large interest in their drill, and ure very anxious to gel perfect. A concert and danoo took placo in Waterdalc-lnill on Friday, Gth inst., in aid of tho piano fund, and¡ as usual under such auspices, a very enjoy- able evening was spent, and the receipts 1 wera satisfactory. v ( TnE TVuis.-"Observer" wrtoa to complain of the state of the tram line in Upper Macqunrie-street. | Uxixaimed TKi.EtiKAM -A telegram, 1 addressed îsoetliuig, Hobart, awaits a ! claimant at the Telegraph Office. I __J_ 