The Mysterions Woman. , ' My Chinaman. , I picked np Ab Lu in Shanghai. Although a mere youth, he had been in the service of an Englishman/for some yearp. ' He came to me with excellent credentials. " And i! had no reason to repeat of his coming. He was quick, attentive, neat and ever ready, and served me excellently. When I came to London I brought La with rae. Here I found him of even greater service than in China.. He was scrupulously honest, nnd I had the greatest confidence in him. My buriuess took me f requently into the country. Sometimes I was absent from town days toge tb er. I never felt the leaet hesitation in leaving Lu alone in my flat. I knew that when I returned I should find everything exactly as I had left it. It was whilst travtlliog one day that I came across a queer case in an, evening paper.. It was an account of a curious robbery in a south-western suburr). A respectable city man going hame late at night was waylaid. He def cri bed his assailant as a woman in : black. The creature offered something for sale. The man refused, and pawed oo. Then, to use his own words, 1 something waa thrown in bis face,' and he lost consciousness. He was discovered later on by a . policeman .sitting on the pavement, daz d - aud half asleep. He was nainjured, bus ' every valuable in his possession had-gone. A fortnight later a similar affair was reported-to have happened in a street in the Bayswater district. In this case, the man assaulted had grappled with the woman, whom he described as "of sleoder'build and youthful appearance. It was very dark, however, »nd he cculd give no further deeoription of her diéfs or appearance. The same procedure had been gone through in this cas»! as in the other. There was the throwing of the powder, the unconscious ne-.s the discovery by a policeman and the disappearanoe of money and jewellery. A month elapsed, and then o»me news of a .third", r cou rrence,^ agrtéing in similar particulate; whioh was reported as having happened in the'Bloomsbury neighborhood. The papers now began to take the matter np, and articles headt-d 'Who ia the Mysterious Woman in Black ?' appeared in several, . dailies. Detectives were set. to watch by the dozen, and private individuals joined in aiding them. But nothing further happened, interest began to fade, and the scare stood a good chance of fizzling ont, when London was stirred from its sleep by . the news that a fourth robbery had taken place in the neighborhood of Putney. In this case, tho man assaulted had made a vigorous effort to defend himself, but the mysterious powder had done its work, and he had fallen a victim exactly as the others had done. ' ' London was now really roused, and the report of yet a fifth case, following cloBely | on th» fourth, Bel Scotland Yard by theeara, and canned a mu on dealers in loaded canes and revolvers. ' | I had been at home tomo days when 1 received a telegram colling mc to Birming- ham. I told Lu to pack a portmanteau, and telling him I should not be back for a day or two, I hailed a. cab aiid d'tove full speed to Euston. ? There wo» n block; caused by a fire, and I arrived in time to dee the train steam ont of the < station. I deoided to go by an early train the next morning. .-1 therefore booked my trunk and returned home. Taking á short cut home through some dark and ill lighted Btreeto, I suddenly came face to fica with a woman in black, ber face partly veiled and holding in her handB a few boxes of matchee. '. In a moment 1 realised that I wan face to fácé with the Mystery of the/Moment. Without a second's hesitation I made np my mind how to act. ' I paawd along qniokly and then wheeled round. I Baw ber hand move to a little bag which hung suspended to her wrist,' and then with a quick move- ment she threw something. 1 closed my eyes and month, clenched my nostrils, and j making a sideward movement, escaped the powder. /Pretending to be overcome by it, however, I rolled on the pavement. Once down I feigned insensibility. I soon felt the creature's nimble fingers searohing my pockets. I did not move a masóle. I scarcely breathed. It was,a tryiog ordeal, but I got through it Bomehow. Haying relieved me of aU portable property of value ehe departed, softly and silently as a ghost. I wait id until ehe had gone some distance and then followed her. Through, street after street 1 tracked her, alwayB keeping well in the rear. Presently, to my astonishment we emerged in;o the square in which the block of mansion's where I raided was situated. Then, to my horror and astonishment, the woman made for my flat, whipped ont a key and entered. ' . I waited a moment to steady myself, and then entered. ? Ah Lu, smiling a cheerful welcome, came forward. ' La,'I said, «peaking in Chinese, ' there is a woman in hete.' '. La's almond eyes opened and he bhook his head. 'It is no good lying. I saw her come in.' LU'B eytsopeued still wider. 'Come with me,11 said, and we'll search the place together.' He came , willingly, smiliug ' a emile of gentle oommi6er&tiou.; I examined every nook and cranny and fouod nothing, La all the whiie smiling as blandly as ever. , It was puzzling. Then of a eudden' something fell jingling to the the ground. It was a little eowreign puree whiuh 1 uto illy wore attached to my chain. Lu saw it also, and he made a grau for it. That gave the thing away. With the rapidity ot a filch of lightning I solvtd the mystery. ; ; That night I banded Ah Ln over to the police. With bim went a trunk foll of feminine garments nnd stolen . .vnlnablea, Mine were not included in the number. ; I am no: takiag any more Chinese servants, even when accompanied by the highest credentiiiÏH. [:.-¡ " Pelican.' GEEMAS CHUBCH IN JEKTJSAXEM.-A Renter telegram from Jerusalem BBJS : The German Catholic pii ari mage organised by the Archbishop of Cd og ne, and number- ing 500 persons, arrived here on Friday after visiting Rome, where they received .tbe blearing. of ' the Pontiff, "to attend the laving of the foundation-stone bf the ohorch to be erected' on the site of the Dormition of the Holy Virgin on Mount Zion. This site WBH given to the Emperor William by the Sultan on the occasion of his. Imperial Majesty's visit to Jerusalem. The ceremony of laying the none , was performed in the name of the Pope, by the Bishop of Jerusalem, and waa attended by the German Consul attd the Contnlar staff in uniform, the German pilgrims, and re- presentatives of varions CatboSio institutions. Some savage customs might with much advantage be introduced into civilisation, especially political civilisation. For instance, there has quite recently been discovered in the wilds of Central Africa by the Italian explorer, Signor Abruzzi, a tribe among which the speakers in pnblio debates are required to stand . nponV one leg - while making a speech, and to speak only for io long a time as they can thus istand. It ia simply, a splendid idea, and' beats the 'closure* all to pieces. Still, even'then, one fancies that by means of incessant practice, certain of cur legislators would manage to stand long enough to make themselves nearly as big a nuisance as they are now. f Mr. Edward Engel, the shorthand writer who takes down all the Kaiser's speeches, if worked hard. In 1899 and 1900 William ll. made more than 700 orations, all of whios are printed in the ' Monitor of the Empire.' He speaks with great rapidity -, his average speed is 275 syllables in a minute ; in fsoite ment the"figurea ri-e to 300, which ia jusl five syllables a second. Professor Hilprechc of Pennsylvania, ex ploring the ruins of Babylon and A&sfria; has discovered the library of the great tem pie at Nipphr^t destroyed in the year 23! B.C. This library consists of 16.00C documents, written on stones pr.,: bricks about astronomy, - theology, mathematics and linguistics, and 5000 most interestinf letters and biographies. The total ie 23,001 written stones. ' 