MISCELLANEOUS. Ohookwemi Friday Half- Holiday. All busiuoss. houses eloao at l p.m. The.:Right Hod. Sir W. H. Wal- ronil.'ciinsiM'vativ'i M.P..- for Tivsrtuu. nddreaHing his oonsiituents. said thnt tho prospects of a dissolution of the Imperial Parliament were not im mediate. London, Juno 0. — Mr. A. E. Stod- dnvt score I 221 runs for Middlesex arid Soiuorsotsliiro, at Lord's Crioket Ground, on tlio occasion on the Honrno hmiofit raiitch, nnd purposely allowed hiiusnlf to be stumped. For Children's Iisoking Cough at night Woods' Grent Poppormint Curo, ' ' The many frienda'. of Mr. Harry 'L'rqtt, (x captain of/the Austnilian Eleven, will bo plad to learn that bo ha9 boon pronounood by the doctor to' bo cenipletely cured. A (party of frioHds, in cuusoqusuu of bis medical nd visor's rsji irt, has taken Mr: Trott Ho-nv, and mndo nrraunmeuta by .which' hp will h ivn u complete change of air urid senno. " Mra. Anniu Alatchott has received £200 daiiiaites n»u net the Railway 0'Hniriiaeianors for injurios received bv a: fall, cause i by the oollapsn of an un sound arid unsafn nh'nir,' provided at a rnilwny station. The olaiin was laid at £2000. For Chronic Ghost complaints Woods' Groat poppcrinint Onro. 1/6. . A Slioflio d lady has six sons now: at tho front in Africa, Mr. G. H. Roid, speakinq nt Sti'itlifiold on Wednesday nihl, pro mised m-iiiy revel itinris when Parlia- " mont met over tho plaguo. It has beou ascertained from iri- fonnatiim supplied, in Sydney that the two missionaries — the Rev. Harry V. Normaii nnd the Rev. Olias. Robinson — ''mentioned in our ' last issue as having been murdered by (he " Box er's " in Oliina — belonged to the sooiety for. the -Propagation of the Gospel. Tho missionaries had been working for about two years in the Tientsin district. Franooscii Chandos, 35, a native of Spain, was knocked down by an electric Iran in George- street on Thursday. Ho received such injuries that he died later in the day. The strike at tho S mth Greta Col liery has been nettled after a confer ence between the manager and the men. The gold yield of tlio Great Boulder Perssrvoranco, Limited, ICalgoorlie, for tho month of May was 2275oz. 18'lwt. 3gr. The total amount' paid by the Queensland Treasurer to date towards the co:t of tho various oontingents of that colony, is £114,282. It is ex- pneted that the t-.tal oost will be about £160,000. Old Krager'sa bit out of his rook'aing It ho tliiuks ho will wriggle soot freo. No angols to Iiim'll bo beck'ning, Wbon be swings by his neck from a tree. He'll got a bud cough in tlio open Exposed to tbn nir, I am sure,- And his hands'U forovor will bo gropin' For Woods' Great Pepparmiut (Jure. Tlio farmers at Oorowa aro be coming alarmed on account of a plague of caterpillars. Grent damage, was done to tho crops last year, and it is suggested that tho Agricultural Department bo asked to send nn ex pert to the district to suggest a remedy. Raymond Terraco, Friday. — A child 2 years old, the sou of Mr. F. Blanch, of Swan Bay, strayed from ita homo on Wednesday aud got lost in the bush. Tho soaroh parties wore out nil Wed nesday night. Tho ohild wns found on Thursday nt noon, a tnilo from home, little the worse for his exposure, notwithstanding that tho night- was cold and wet. ' Uatinau's Reward mine, Kilgoor- lie, tronted during last month 97 tins of etouo for 345 z. of gold. The qiinrautino restrictions formerly existing with reference to arriving at Now Zealand from Tasrannian port" have been' removed, L indon. June 8. — To the German Reii listtig ye tei' i'iy th N >-y II I. which provides f rtiie 'ouh:i,tg of number of battleships, anil whioli seeks tu impos' taxation to the extnn of '10,000,000 marks to oioet the in creased expenditure, litis been rend second time. At G uUmrn on . '"hur»day. J din Eldridgo junior implied for 40 an o.p,. nnd 120 ao. u.1., Hindu. 