CHAPTER XII. BASIA'S BBTEOTHAJCi. The Maoris do not make long oonrtships. But the civilised Maori must needs bend to some extent to the ways of civilization. Safe it is to Bay that nowhere, at no time, since the colonization of New Zealand in 1840, have two individuals, full-blooded Maoris, been moro thoroughly oivilisod, few more highly educated, few more care- fully trained than Bama Tuena and Hori Totara. In age and eduoation they seemed eminently fitted to make a matoh. And there were others beside Bishop Gowan who hope to eeo them wedded. If the burden of tho story to be told were" the wooing of Bama by Totara, the writer would dwell hore at greater length ; yet this was not the eventful portion of their history. On the evening of Lady Merlin's party it beoarae a matter of common observation that the young Maori olergyman was paying marked attention to Lady Morlin's adopted daughter. On that eventful evening1, too, tho Bishop, who arrived late, and left early, took occasion to speak to his host about the matter, and was agreeably surprised, and pleased, to find Lady Merlin was of the same opinion BS himself ; dedaring that it was tho very thing; that snoh a match would be heaven-made, and promising, so far from throwing any obstaole in the way, to promote the affair. Match-making is generally a delightful feminine occupation : it was a rather new novelty for the mistress ot Merlin Oourt, however. Everybody agreed that Bama was the life of the party. There were oharades of her own devising ; in one she oonverted Totara into the most grotesque savage, fishing up in the Maoris' Island home ; in another Hood's pathetic ballad, 'Mary's Ghost,' was por- trayed in anything but pathetic parts. And above and before all other matters for wonder was the faot that Lady Merlin laughed and applauded, when at any other time she might reasonably be counted on to condemn. She was young again, her guests declared : and such was the happiness of her mood that if the ball-room hud been ready she would not havo denied the troup of young people a dance. That waa indeed suggested, but they had to be satisfied with a promise that on some futuro occasion, when provision was made and they came Sreparad, their wishes would bo gratified. Ltnongat tho songsters no ono sang so often or HO sweetly as Bama ; while a duet by Totara and Bama won unbounded admira- tion. Maori legend was interspersed with the classioal productions of the age. And when the pleasant evening was over, the guests declared that for years they had entertained absolutely wrong impressions nboui: the dignified matron of Merlin Oourt ; that she had been wronged in being so generally regarded as an embodiment of hauteur and unbending formality. Totara was for going when tho Bishop's party left, but this he was persuaded not to do ; and before he left he had a pressing invitation to visit Merlin Oourt often, for j the hostess wished to know better ono who was eo suitable a oompanion for B&roa.; » # * * And before a week more had elapsed, Hori Totara had asked, and had become, the accepted suitor for the hand of Bama Tuena. People Baid that as Lady Merlin waa rich and had neither ohild nor near relative, a handsome 'dot' would go with the hand of Lady Merlin's adopted danghtor. Safe it is to say that on no suoh moreen arv fiction did the young olergyman oount. He saw in Bama a winsome and happy- dispositioned partner in life's journey ; aud he was triad when he found that both bia Bishop and the young lady's guardian united in their approval of his suit. At first Bama laughed at him and at the idea of becoming a clergyman's wife, a position she said she was sure she conld nover satisfactorily fill; but finally she said she would bo Totara's wife-that on him would rest all the responsibility of the momentous undertaking. And thuB it was in the oapaoity of Bama's fiancé that Hori Totara was a regular visitor for several weeks to Merlin Oourt ; and as his staid and sterling qualitioa beoame known to Lady Morlin, sho was moro and moro convinced that she was doing the proper thing by Bama-to give her to him. His sedate, settled, honorable oharaotor seemed to supply precisely those restraining safeguards which the impulsiveness of Rama's oharaoter rendered desirable in » life-partner It was a balmy sommer evening when the two young people sat in the . vineolad summer- house, ia the garden of the Court, that the eompaot whioh was to make them. man and wife was sealed. Hori himself placed the ring on llama's finger. Then she was a little afraid of the thing that sha, had consented to. . ''' ' I am soarcely 19, Hori ; I am only a a girl 1' she said. "~ ' Many of our people marry at that age» as do our friends the Europeans.' » But a minister's wife, Hori !-it seams ' so strange. . . . She phould be a , solemn-minded person of great experience» . and very, very good.' * And you, dear, will be very, very good P* * Oh, but I am not very, very good at all P * Then you must intend to bo that.' « Will the intention suffice, Hori I' ' Good intention, with honest endeavor, is all that the best of us can o?alm.' ' Tes, but some people in their good intentions suooeed muoh botter than I do, Hori. Do yon forget that I ever raised, in yoar mind a doubt as to whether I waft really a Christian ?' » Only a passing doubt, Rama. Ofooarae you are a Christian, but at times a little inclined to trifle.* 41 myself am a trifle. I really wonder honestly wonder-that you should ever think of me as a wife, Hori.' ?..., 'Seriousness, and perhaps solemity, will oome to you in years, Kama. It is natural; in one of your years to be as you are. It is also natural in mo to seek a wife of my own > people. I thank Clod for you and your love, Rama. You really do love me, little one f ' ' Oh, yes ; how else could I promise to marry you ?' * The world-the people of the world-do find many and unworthy motives for mar riage. But with us there need be-there : can be-but one pure motive.' 6 Certainly you are not rich, and I, Hori, < am really poor. I have nothing to bring you.' ' Only your love, and that is all I ask or desire/ ' When do you go to take over your first charge P* »Next week.* « So soon P' ' I cannot endure to be long idle.' ' I shall miss you very muoh.' ' So much, I trust, that you will be anxious to join me very shortly.' Rama did not for a moment reply. Her lover held her hand, and literally probed for a reply: lt was a temporising evadion that he drew from his love : . What kind of a place is Faeroa P' 'Have you never vieitei the Upper Thames?' \ 4 Never.' .. ' Then that is a treat in store. There ace few rivers in the world so enchanting, I should think.' ' But Paeroii--itfs a dismal little place, isn't ic ?* ' My Rama really does not think there is any dismal plaoe from one end of the native islands to the other ! And if Faeroa was for ever under a oloud-if no bird sang-if no stream leaped out of mountain, over pine root and boulder, to swell the torrent oi the Thames-if no flower bloomed upon its-' banks-if no pheasant or partridge sprang suddenly from coppice of fem-if no wild dnok swam its thousand pools and lagoons if no w ood -pigeon ever rustled amongst the dense foliage of its glorious forests-jet if yon, my Rama, were there in our little oot, to welcome my homo-coming, I would not" think it dull or dismal.' ' That is quito a bit of subdued eloquenoe, Hori-unpremeditated, too, I am sure. I should like you to ba really eloquent, Hori/ the most eloquent preaoher of all our . people. 1 should like the world to ring with ] your fame-the fame of Totara, the Maori' preaoher V ' Far better for mo, for you, for all. the world should just know me simply as the Maori who faithfully preaohed Christ andi Him eruoified. That is my mission ; and-, woe betide me or any minister oi the gospel > who forgets his master in thinking of the man.' ' Alas, Hori, but you are so dreadfully in earnest?' ' I do not believe that very muoh. good is done in the world-in the religious, the-: politioal, or any orhor sphere- without: downright, wholoBouled earnestness.' ' Tell me, Totara, do you love God with., your whole heart ?' * Yos, that is my aim.' * Then what have you left to bestow upon ; poor little me ?1 ' A slow smilo oame ore any words from: Totara : ' Pardon me, little one, if I say it was by such ounning questions that the Pharisees Bought to entrap Christ. If a man marry seven times who will claim him for husband in the next world ? We are not asked to trouble about suoh questions. But, toll me, do you think if I love God moro that I shall lovo yon less P He has made it possible for us to adequately fill the first and great commandment and yet to love one another. You do not doubt that, Rama?' (To be continued.) RB COONIBBD.-She : Who is that fright- ful looking woman bohind you who ls talk« Lng with a man P Ho : It is my wife. ) She : But you have not looked round to see whom I mean 1 He : Oh, your desoriptlon ia enough ! 