FICTION WHEN LIFE IS YOUNG. CHAPTER XIY.— The Major. " I leavo tho mysteries of life With Ono Who Knows." Tho crowd had only just melted away from tho chin ch door when a strnngoc drove rapidly up to the " Observer " oflico in a cab. Uc wns n tall, military- looking man of nbont sixty wars of uso. with a sun-burnt face and t imu u-or m.iiistiu'hf. Ilonttracted instant niitii'.' tvlu'ii b" alighted from the cab. His alert mnnuers, bin straight, military bearing, his clcnn-cut aristocratic face, wcro in Deeping. " A very handsomo gentleman" was tho comment. " I wonder who he,is?" With very littlo delay, he was admitted into tho presence of tho editor. John Sugden looked up, with an expression of curiosity in his thoughtful eyes, and instantly rose to his feet. " I nm como," said tho stranger abruptly, M to mako inquiries about a reporter of yours who. I understand, is missing." " Will you not tako a scat ?" John Sugden said ; nnd ho pushed a chair towards his visitor. " My namo is Verwood," tho stranger went on, apparently without heeding, and ho handed John his card. M Major Verwood," John read—a namo at was altogether strange to him. " And I may tell you," continued the Major, " that I am in search of my nephew. I have only just returned from tho East, and find that ho has been absont from his borne for two years and moro. Yesterday my eyo caught a paragraph in the M Times " to tho effect that a rcportor on tbo staff of tho " Deeping Observer," named Wyburn, had suddenly and mysteriously disappeared. Now, Wyburn is tho name of my nephew — Douglas Wyburn——" " Tho very same," John interrupted. " You say his namo wns Douglas ?" tho Major questioned, dropping into tho chair. " Yes. Hero is tho last noto I received from him, with his slgnaturo in (till." "What was ho like?" tho Major asked, with a littlo gasp. John desoribed bim In detail, and hi somo- what fintloring.terms. "Tho young dog I" tho Major gruntod. " And now he has olenrod off again without tolling anybody — got tirod of reporting, I ex pect ?" " i wlHti i could tninE nis disappearance was merely a freak," John replied. " To tell you tho truth, I am much afraid something serious has happened to him. no was not of tho freaky sort. Besides, he liked his work, and seemed most anxious to get on." " Then you have no elue to his where abouts?" tho Major asked, looking troubled. " Nono whatever." " But a full-grown man with his wits about him could not get lost In a pokey, sleepy little town like this." " I admit it doe3 not seem reasonable ; but wo have to accept tbo facts as thoy are. Since Monday night nothing has been seen or henrd of him. Ho put on his hat and over coat And went out, evidently intending tore turn; nnd that is all we know. Ho has not returned ; and whero ho is Hcnvon only knows." " Then you fear foul play ?" "I hardly know what I fear. He bad not an enemy in tho town, as for as I am aware of. It is true last November ho wns the moans of trapping a couple of burglars, who arc now doing timo at Portland. Sometimes I have wondered If any of their accomplices have been taking their revenge. That, however, seems hardly reasonable. If ho had 6imply met with an acoidcnt he would havo been dis covered long before this." "And you wj that he bti behaved well since bo has been in this town— I mean, that ho has not been up to larks ? You know, young men will bo young men." " 1 enn assure you, sir, ho has been most steady-going,' as wo say. Personally, I have not known lilm long, it is true ; but his land lady is most emphatic on this point. Ho appeared to have.no vices." " Indeed. I was rather afraid that — well — that bo might rather be tha other way in clined. You see— well— ho broko with hlB old associates entirely." ( " I know littlo or nothing about his pari life," John answered. " We discovered, of course, that ho wns a man of education and roflncmcnt, and concluded that ho hud secu better days." " His mother makes bim out to bo a sad dog," tbo Major said, becoming communica tive. " But I must say I am inclined to sido with the lad. Of courso, I believe in religion, nnd all that; and I have always been, and hope I always shall bo, a firm upholder of Church and State ; but my sister goes beyond mo. She's too religious by half. She is, by Jove. She's filled her houso with praying mountebanks; nnd, hang It, I fear she's spent nearly all her money in propagating religious fads. I say this to you, for you are a friend of tho lad's," " I nevor heard him nlludo to his mother," John answered. "Indeed, ho carefully avoided talking of his pust lifo." " That was considerate of him. Yes, 1 like him all tho better for that. You see, he was intended for the Church, and flung it up at tho Inst momont— said ho could not swallow somo of the Articles, or something to that effect. I've no sympathy with htm inthat. Religion's a thing none of us understand. We've justto tuko it on trust— say no mora about it. At least, that's my viow. But, from whit his (uubuui vena iuv, uu juai vuruuu rigiu lounu and became nil out-and-out infidel. It was terribly hard for her, as you may judgo. Sho felt compelled to give him up ; and that was hardest of till. But I blame her in that. Blood's thicker than water — or ought to bo. Here she's been nil tho timo while trying to reclaim other folks, and letting her own son go to tho devil, or anywbero he likes. That doesn't sound to mo liko Scripture. But there I I'm a soldier, nnd don't pretend to understand these things. What do you think about it ? " " I'm quite of your way of thinking," was tho reply. " I've no patieneo with women who go out to reform tho world, and neglect their own families to do so." " By my sister's a remarkablo woman," said tho Major quickly. " Moreover, she spent no end of money on Iho education of the boy. Besides that, there was a nice living for him ready to hand. He had nothing to do but to wnlk in and hang up his hut, as wo say. And what did the young fool do but fling it nil up, qunrrol with' his mother, nnd leavo homo in a huff 1" " But what of his father ? " John asked. - " Well, you see, ho held an appointment In India, And saw very little of oithor of them. A good mao, in lils wav, was Geoffrey Wyburn. 1 v, od rest his soul." . "Ishodrad?" " Dltd a year and a half ego— that broke down my sister a good ileal. Sho hasn't tho spirit sho bad. And at bottom I know 'she's pining for tho lad. That's why. I came off here in search of hiin." " He's a young miin that his mother ought to bo proud of," John answered warmly. " I admit ho doos not appear to have much sympathy with religion and Us outward forms. But, la its best sense, I should say ho is a deeply religious mao." " Has he gono to church regularly ?" " I think not. In fact, I nm quite sure ho fought sbv of all churches nnd chapels." V Then I don't know how. In any senso, you can mako hfm out religious," tho Major answered with a laugh. " If a man has any religion, he attends to it as a soldier docs to drill. I don't pretend to bavo much religion myself. But, hang it, I do attend to what I nave— that is, when I have the oppor tunity." John Sugden laughed heartily, but did not make any reply. " I seo you don't agree with me," said the Major. "But you will pardon mo speaking plainly, I am sure. Now, my sister is a pro foundly religious woman, Sho is, by Jove! It's her hobby; and she knows the whole thing from end to end She's glvon her whole time and attention to It, and her money to boot.". - - . " Well ?" John questioned dryly, "Well, sho brought the lad up to it, and then he turns and;kicks ovor tho orudlo that rocked Jiim, if I may say so. You must admit thnt it was terribly hard for her. I sympathise with my sister a good deal, I do, nnd that's the. truth. On tho olbor hand, I sympathise with tho Ind. It's possible to havo too mueh of a good tbiDg. My sister doses people with:religion to such an extent that only people with strong constitutions can stand it, and mat's a tact. The boy got surfeited— and that's tho long and short of it, nnd, between ourselves, I don't wonder. So you see whero I am. My sister is a grout deal to ine. Sho'a tho only rolativo I havo left. But then, 1 like tho boy— what I've seen of him; and I want to got him back home." " I do not wonder nt that. My only regret is you did not como a few days earlier." "We did not know moro than tho man in the moon what part of tho world he bad got " Ah, jnet so. It was tho paragraph an nouncing hisdisnppenranco that gave you tho clue?" " Exactly. But a elue, unfortunately, thnt seems likely to lend to .nothing. He may be on his wn to America by this time." " I don't think fo. A man would not bo likely to start for America with no money in his pocket, nnd not even a toothbrush in tho shape of luggage." " Thon, by Jove I whero can ho bo ?" "That's the question I'vo been asking my- self these Inst three days," John answered. "But, hang it, tho earth cannot havo swallowed lflm up." V I pi esutue not ; and jet we bavo searched every likely and unlikely place. We have instituted ' inquiries in all directions. Wo have paragraphed all the paper? with de< j scriptions of his personal appearance. Wo havo douo everything, in fact." " But I'm. not going to bclievo tho case Is hopeless yet," said the- Major briskly. " I should be sorry to think so myself," John answered. " I keep hoping every minute that news will reach tho office that'ho has bqj-u discovered safo and sound." The Major roso slowly from bis chair nnd began to pull on his gloves. " In cabo you hear anything you will let mo know at onco?" ho said. " Most certainly wo will," John'nnswcrcd. "lam slaying nt tho Station Hotel," he oxplained. " I trust wo shall soon get news of tlic young dog. I must apologiso for wnsting so much of your tiino this afternoon," and, bowing very profoundly, ho withdrew. ' On tho stairs ho nearly fell over ono of tho " Observer " staff who wan making his way to the editor's room to report a rumour that hud just been whispered in the town. It was to tho effect that somo boyo passing Diggles Mill earlier in tho day had heard strange groans nod cries proceeding from it; that they had ruBhod home in a great fright and told their mothers ; that these good women had at onco assumed thatit was Mary Varley's ghost that had buoomo restless again. Fivo and twenty years beforo a young man, mad with jealousy, bad flung Mary from tho top storey window and killed her, since when, at irregular intervals, her ghost haunted the place, and sometimes mado tbo night hideous with strange groans nnd cries. Of lato years, however, poor Mary's restless ghost appeared to havo forsaken the placo, and many of tho younger generation had not oven heard her story. But the tnie which tho boys brought, and about which tbey wero so nosltivo, left no doubt In the minds of the suporstitlous mothers as to tho origin of the orles. Mary was sleeping uneasily still, though her mur derer had long sinco turned to dust. This story at length rcnchcd tho cars of ono of tho leporters, and bo rushed off to hlsohtef with tbo nows. John Sugden listened in 6llenee till tho story was ended, then said : " Did yoa meet anyone on tbo stairs when you came up ?" " Yes, an elderly gentleman with a long groy moustache." " Run niter bim and call him back. Ho has gono to tho Station Hotel." In a fow minutes tho Major was back in the editor's room again, panting and breath- leBB. John Sugden repented tho story he had heard in a few words. " Cries don't cbmo without throats'," said the Major. "It mny not be Douglas, but somebody is there, unless tho whole story is a hoax." " I confess I bavo not much faith In such ohild's talcs," John said. " Probably the boys henrd nothing worse than the sereeob of an owl. But at present we oannot afford to neglect any clue." - "Who knows the way?" said tho Major. "I'm prepared to explore the old mill at onco." "I know the way," said Duncan, the reporter. " Very good ; the three of us will go," said John. " But we shall havo to take lights with us, for it will bo dark beforo wo get thoro." Half nn hour later, the three men had stowed themselves into a cab, ' and wcro driving rapidly through tho town In the direction of Diggles Mill. CHAPTER XX.— Tde Secret of the Mill. "Is it the complaining wind I bear? Or do-thc spirits of tho dead hold converse? " It was quite dark by the time the Major, John Sugden, and Duncan, the reporter, reached Church Bottom. Tho old mill stood out ngainst its still darker background weird and spcotral. Tho chill March wind moaned and sighed through the leafless trees, and made ghostly noiseB in tbo deserted rooms of tho forsaken factory. For toveral seconds the threo men paused and listened, but tho voico of tho night wind was tho only sound thoy heard. Then John Sugden called several times: "Is anyone hcie.?" But no nnswer came out of the darkness ; tho place was as silent and deserted as a graveyard. " I'm afraid wo'vo come on n fool's errand," the Major said brusquely. " What the dicki ii8 could anybody want in a place like this?" " Anyhow, we may as well make a search now we are here." John Sngden answered. "Exactly." . And tho Major mounted tho steps to the door, John and Duncan quickly followed, and In a few minutes nad lighted their lanterns and commenced their searoh. It. was not a large mill, and In a quarter of ah hour they had explored every nook and corner of it. Then they went outside nnd made a circuit of tho WAlts, and swung their miliums iiiiu uvmjr uuinur unu rucess, una looked into every pit, and pushed their sticks into every bRnk of rubbish., " If this place has nover'been haunted be foro it is haunted now," said tho Major with a dry laugh. " But I, for one, bavo hod enough uf ghost-baiting. Ipropose wo return." " Wo might as well," John Sugden answered somewhat hesitatingly. "It's disappointing to discover nothing," said tho reporter. " We've discovered plenty of bats and owls," snid tho Major gruffly, " nnd If wo stay hero much longer we 6hall discover we've got colds." " I dnro say you feel the cold, coming from a hotter cUnmte," said John. " The placo Is as creepy as a churchyard," was tho quick reply, "nnd I feel somehow like a simpleton, poking round hero in the dark with a lantern." " Then we hnd better put our lights out and return," John answered. They were standing at tho foot o()tho steps lending to tho old cngino-rbom during this conversation, John had opened his lantern door lor the purpose of putting his light out when alow, long-drawn moan fell upon his car, but GO' faint and indistinct tout It might have been only the whispering o! tho wind. Without saying anything to his companions ho closed bis luntcrn door quickly and ran lightly up tho stops, and, pausing on the threshold, ho listened intently for several seconds. " It's all nothing," ho snid to himsolf nt length, " or only the wind moaning round this forsaken old place," and he turned for the purpose of retracing bis steps. " Ah, thero it is again l" And he faced round onco more and held his lantern so that its light might penetrate the darkness of tho room. " \\\ ell, what's up now ?" called the Major from tho foot of the steps. . " I fancied I heard a sound something llko a moan," John answered, "but I can seo nothing." " We looked all around that room didn't wo ?" tho Major asked a little irritably. "Wodid.bnt " And John stopped over tbo threshold and disappeared from the view of his companions. " Wo 6hnll have n second mysterious dis appearance soon if we don't mind what we are nbout," grunted the Major. "Tbo chief don't nsually net without a; reason," said Duncan, and ho also ran up the 6 tops and disappeared. The Major, left ulono, quickly followed the others, though bo did it with much Inwnrd reluctance, no had been ready onough to start on the expedition, but directly he had examined the place he concluded that thoy hnd como on a fool's errand. Ho asked him solf what could induco his nephew or anyone else to como to a place like that. Thero wns nothing to attract, and as far as ho could seo there was no place in which to hide. "Well?" ho exclaimed in a loud volco, stepping over the threshold and joining his companions. Bat neither of thom replied ; they wcro busy lifting a heavy trapdoor that guarded the entrance to Douglas Wyburo's prlion But, of course, neither knew ft then. " Well ?" tho Major questioned again. " I'm anxious to see what's in this collar, that's all." John answered quiotly. " Is there a room underneath?" he asked quickly and with interest. A minuto later tho vault beneath was re vealed, and the threo men stood round the opening and listonod. " Is anyone hero ?" John questioned again ; but no answor enmo out of the darkness. "Hist I" said tbo Major n moment later, " I'vo heard something several times," said John, " but I cannot mako out what it can bo." Duncunlay down on his stomach with his bend over tho opening and listened. " By Heavon 1" ho exclaimed, J I behove tbcro is something' down here. Tho air is warm and stuffy." John Sugden instantly followed suit on the opposito side, and held his lantern as low as his arm would ranch.. " I'm certain there's something down hero," Duncan said again. "God!" broke out tho Mnior suddenly, " that was a groan ; and I ought to know — I've board enough in my time." By this time too three men were In a treuior of exoitomont. " We can do nothing without a ladder," John said. " And we shall need moro help," tho Major Added. Iho cabman wns waiting two fields away. Duncan at once sprang to bis feot, ran down the stops, and plunged into tho dnrkness. John and the Major went to the door and' waited. They called several times Into toe cellar, but no answer aamo, though every fow minutes a low, faint moan, pulsed feebly tl rough tho sllonco. " Whoever it may ho," said tho Major, after a pause, " there's been foul play." " It looks like it, certainly," was tho answer. " Looks like it! Why, there's no othor ex planation possible. A man could not drop' himsolf into that holo nnd then oloso tho door nbovo bis head. Ho might as well stand in a tub and try to lift himself." " Of course, someone mny havo covered up tbs month to prevent accidents, not knowing that anyono had fallen in." . " Too remote a possibility, Mr. Editor, to be entortalned for a moment," grunted -the Major. John Sngden was in no mood to nrguo tho 3uestion, so ho did not reply. Ho nad no oi bt lhat plenty of evidence oould be forth coming later on. In tho meanwhile, thoy would havo to wait with ns much patirnce as thoy could command. What he feared most who that help would come too late. Who ever might bo In tho dungeon beneath them, one thing woe clear ; that ho or she was almost at too last gasp. After what seemed an unconsoiously long period the rattle of a cab was beard in tho distance, and a littlo later tho sound of hurry ing feet. "Tbey'ro coming at last," tho Major granted; "and nono too soon, cither. I frai kly confess I'm not only curioufe, but I'm getting anxious." I've besn anxious from the first," John answered quiotly. Ten minutes later too old engine house was half full of people. loo many lolks oy half," tho Major muttered under hlB breath. " They're In eaob other's way, and instead of being a help they're a hindrance." Ho was standing close to the opening of the cellar, watching tho man descend tho ladder. A moment of intense anxiety fol lowed. The same question was on everybody's Hp, though no one spoke. The answer came almost before anyone expected it : " Aye ; it's he, safo enough." ( Tho Major gave a little gasp. "Is he living?" be questioned huskily. . - "Don't know," was the answer. And there was no time ju6t then for any further questions. A few minutes later strong bands had carried Douglas into tho fresh air, by which timo a doctor had arrived on tho scene, who at onco took oharge of him. He appeared to be in a state of coma, and tho dootor would givo no opinion ns to the probability or otherwise of bis recovery. Tho doctor gave orders that bo should bo taken at onco to tho Station Hotel, and on arrival thoro a telegram was despatched 'to the Major's own doctor urging him to como to Deeping by the next train. The next morning a special edition of the " Obsorvor " appeared, giving a full and pur- ticular account of the events of the previous day, beginning with tho gay scono in tho beautifully decorated church of St. Mary, and ending with tho finding of Douglas Wyburn in a grimy cellar of Diggles Mill. Never wero ovonts so discussed nnd commented upon in Dcoplng boforo. Tho wbolo town appeared to bo fn n fovor of excitement. In mills nnd warehouses and shops nothing else wns talked about. Somo imaginative people professed to seo a close connection between the two ovents ; and oven tbon those who had no imagination at all admitted thnt "thinns looked fnnn-" Meanwhile Douglas had rapidly recovered. Tho old Major nad kept strict watch over him, and would permit no one to see him but his own doctor; and directly he wns ablo to be removed a saloon carrlngo wns engaged and ho was whisked away to London. Tho reporters and ocandnl-mongers of Deeping looked terribly cbagrtmcd when they discovered that tho bird hnd flown. For days thoy bad been dying to have tho secret of too old mill cleared up— to bo put in posses sion of tho cluo to tho greatest mystery Deep ing bad ever known— And Io ! tbo oniy man who could throw light on tho question had suddenly and unexpectedly left the placo, and no ono know wboro ho had gone to boyond tho fact that the Major hnd taken tickets to St. Fancras. Douglas was amazed, when ho recovered consciousness, to find bis uncle by his side. At first ho did not recognise him, for over soven years had clnpsed sinco they had met before. And when he did rccogniso him ho was consumed with ourioslty to know what bad brought him to Deeping. The Major kept the nows of his father's death from him for a good many days. " It was entirely on your account I came," tho Major said. " I saw a paragraph in the 1 Times ' about your strange disappearance— that is. about the strange disappearance of a pooping reporter of tho qamo of Wyburn, and so I came right away to make sure. I knew your mother would be terribly anxiotio if she got hold of tbo report—" " I don't think she would," Douglas later rupted. " But I know better," persisted tbe Major. '' Sho ha3 her humau as well as her religious sido." " Her religious side, nt nuj rate, is not Human," Douglas said grimly. " Oh, I don't know. She's a good woman —a remarkably good womau. But how did you get into that old mill ?" . "I'd rather not talk about lhAt now," Douglas answered, closing his eyes; "some other time, when I feel a bit stronger." " As you will, ray boy. But it was a near squeak for you." "Yos.ves. Let me see. This Is Thunder night, isn't It ? " "Nay, this Is Friday night." Friday night? Yes, of course- The wedding was yesterday rooming. Did jou hear anything about it, uncle ? It came off all right, I suppose V :I was to report it, you kne v." And a pained, eager look stole over his face And lingered la his eyes. "Oh, yes. There was great carryings-on here yesterday. But I did not arrive till after tho ccicmony was over ; sO I did hot see the happy pair. Seems' tu have been quite the event of toe ecAson in Deepiog. But I did not pay much attention to the matttr; I woe too anxious about you." ' " Yes, I unuerriand," and Douglas closed his eyes. He did not feel particularly. thank ful that he was alive. He bod loved Floss Gresham and had tried to save her ; but his love hnd brcrt unrequited and bis aim had ended In failure. "To think that' sho should be toe wife of that scoundrel— the wife— the wife—" And he ground his teeth In impotent misery. The Major broke In - upon his bitter reflec tions with the question: "When' do you think we shall bo able to get away from this place my boy ?'J .. " Any time, undo," he answered, looking up with sudden Interest, "Tbe sooner tbe better." " I can get a saloon carriage round from Tuxbury almost any time." "I'll go to-nigbt, If you like." "No, no, not to-nigbt; but we might ar range to bo off by tbe 11.50 train to-morrow/1 " That will do, uncle," and he dosed his eves again. Ho felt that be never wanted to show his facongain in Dseplng— never wanted to sco It or hear of It. .He had been duped, insulted, disappointed, and, above all, had played the fool so egreglously that he wAs imputicot to get out of the place— to hide from tbo curious eyes of tbe people and be forgotten. - So It eamo about that when toe reporters called tho noxt afternoon be wae gone. . (to be continued.) 