UNIVERSITY EXTENSION LECTURES. Professor M. W. MacCallum, M.A., gave the second of his course of three lectures on 'Hamlet ' in the board room of the Public Library on Tuesday -night. There was a large attendance, and Dr. Norton, M.L.C, presided. Having- in his previous lecture introduc ed the history of the gradual development of the play and its* various modifications, the lecturer resumed his theme by examining the arguments- concerning the theories of critics as to Hamlet being an impetuous man of action, and whether the Prince was mad or not. wnue speaKing or madness, the proiessor re ferred to the commonly accepted idea that men who committed murder while suffering from homicidal mania were not to blame. ^.-.s opinion was that the more successful people were in proving that a crimi nal was without reason, the more they proved that no mercy should be shown him; there was no more ground for sparing him than there was for sparing any other useless or obnoxious pest. He combated the theory of Hamlet's supposed madness. If by madness were meant mental capacity, Hamlet could not be mad, for he was a subtle, consequent ti-nker. ' The vision of the Ghost did not prove his madness, for the spirit of the dead King- was seen by sober people like Horatio. Hamlet's entire conduct was explicable by way of reason if they assumed certain circumstances acting on one of his, genius and character. Goethe's theory that Hamlet was unequal to his task of ^avenging his father's niurder was supported by the lecturer, and this brought him to an examination of Gervinus's view of Hamlet, that critic having supposed that he was too refined to accept the duty of blood revenge; that he was before bis time in a barbaric age, and to this his indecision was due; that he was really a martyr. A study of the secondary personages of the play would show, however, that Shakspere had conceived the Danish court not as a scene of rude and' unsophis ticated grossness, but as a. scene of corrupt luxury. Claudius was no picture of a rude and barbaric age. The professor then proceeded to^critieally examine the circle of characters amongst Whom Hamlet moved, all of which were to his mftid evidences against the correctness of the theory of Gervinus. These characters having been set before tbe audience as viewed ' by the lecturer, he, closed his discourse. The next and last of the course will be given on Tuesday evening next, when the character of Hamlet will be considered. 