' hie mmmm op. AS I SAW IT... ' . (By 'Tackra.') RRIVING one midday at a moun ^J& tain township lately, my first a!** impression was one of decided ? ' disappointment, for I had ex VJ pected to see a place like Swiss TJi pictures— clusters of houses nest w ling . under stately trees, with »(« the grand mountains around. ?gQP X ? r was chiefly railway station £^ . and red roads, with tired-looking te'l gum trees in the distance, and glo about four streets, with severe jS* looking shops and cottages at 7\\\ regular intervals, and in places ?J£A some stately homes. *?! Tjie- stiationmaster is a great M ? man and knows everyone. He .- ? has a pleasant word' for old . i hands, and a bright smile for ^ l new ones, and many a merry Kj, gossip has taken place on this w platform. V I walked along, the straight SBr ' main street, with shops on one H side, and the footpath on the oth r J er side blocked by huge guards J' to the flowers that are .trying, to grow in the dust and heat. I noticed the newspaper office, small, but busy, where -everyone looks in for a few minutes chat about local matters,' and 'the genial editor can always put down his pen, only publishing once a week. The local Council Chambers look like a happy suburban home -within a garden, and here the most exciting events take place, meetings of all kinds are arranged, and discussions arise that rejoice the newspaper's heart. The drapery and grocery stores have a charming variety of goods especially attractive to the tourist visitor. Here and there I stumbled over curious in equalities of pavement. At one cprner a sudden dip occurs, at another the sudden steep slope is bo sharp that you can walk on your nose easily. Otherwise I found the roads good, despite a ten- i dency to stoutness, I noticed -riumbers of cabs that made me long lor a drive. Their ease and comfort is most alluring, yet not more so than the fun of their drivers, who can amuse one for hours with their reminiscences and bits of knowledge. I went for a walk'round some of the streets, long, straight, red roads, with large, fiat stones all over, and footpaths with an uncommon lot of coke erlt and other grit spread over it. I saw quaint churches standing on bare land; sad and unpictur«sque, tiny cottages, without a tree near, and the narrowest of iron-roofed verandahs; pret ty cottages, garden embowered; two immense ho tels, -where the tourists flock in the season, and here and 'there a half- ruined place, just enough to take off the newness. Away towards the scen ery I passed numbers of houses on the chain, as it were— I mean that the gates were locked and padlocked, and no sign of life -was near, while in some conspicuous position was the notice 'To Jet.' * There are no naughty boys up here, for gardens and windows remain untouched. The only way to enjoy a mountain holiday is to take a party, a eervant, a pretty cottage, lots of your own pro perty, and some spare cash,, and do everything lazily. All the ' verandahs look like decks of strips, for scattered about are easy chairs, lounges, ! wraps, cushions, and here and there folks in flan nels and wrappers, idling in them. I met a Tew; men breaking stones, ana asked them the way to tiie scenery. 'Is it scenery ye're after, Miss? Then dou't be askin' us, for we never see any thing but the red road; but ask the man at the: shop door, he has a trap.' - I asked the man at the shop door, and Ms reply; ?was— ? . - ? 'But you should see the scenery in California;1 tie coloring is magnificent' Itts pretty enough here, but nobody here thinks that any other country can show anything like m' I- asked for some desert raisins and candied peel to ''add to my lunch, but he had none, and said, ?'jWDody here ever, asks for such things.' . ' I said, 'Not at Christmas time?' ? 'Well, I ? think they come here~ for holidays, not to eat, Miss!' I strolled on along the .road until I reacted! a lovely spot, where I sat and ,*'?'' ' drank scenery till I was .satisfied; . tfyen, as I was j going to sleep, a voice beside me said, 'Do you] i mind my talking a little?' andl looked up to see \ a dear old lady,, with grey curls, apple cheeks, and | a gentle voice. _ ' ? ' : j 'I'm awfully pleased,' I replied, making room j for her on the seat; 'it is lonely here.' 1 'Yes, I've been here a week, and I come oat j every day, and I never see anyone ail day. 1 1 think the grey crags look so cruel, as if they'd,; like to crush you; and I feel sometimes that .] there are ghosts everywhere. I used to come ?! here about ten years ago when' my children j were young, and I used to sit. here and they j would bring me all their treasures 1 to take care of; that is long ago; they're all mar- j ried, and I miss them .here. Sometimes, I think j I see them coming up-: the gully with1 their laugh- 1 ing faces and arms full of ferns; and when I look j again, I know it's only fancy. I'm so glad to , find you here; will you tell me what you are doing.' I found this experience interesting, and we became good friends very soon; even when, j later on, she got a telegram to say her daughter :j and. baby had arrived ? unexpectedly from New J Zealand, and were. coming up, she took my hand,;' and said, 'I love you, too.' After the old lady ?went, a couple came up, and talked thus: 'How many miles have you done to-day?' I said, 'One.' 'Oh, my; you're a slow coach; We've done fif teen, and we're going to do five more before nighty we've been to more places in one day than any couple at our hotel. You can't see anything. 'We do, rather; we walk fast, and look about quickly, and eat our meals .walking; and keep on saying, 'No one has done this before',' and, however tired we get, we're top of the tree.' These folks talked so. fast, all about distances, that I rose, and walked off to another corner, seeking for peace. On the next seat, I met a lady who said: 'This is beautiful, isn't it; but I've just come from Klondike way; and the grandeur is — I can't tell you.' . 'I -would love to hear; please go on, and tell me all you can.' 'Well, last year, my husband and I went there for a trip, to the Klondike region; I expected no scenery at all, and I saw the most lovely places. One day we came to a deep lake; the waters were so clear you could see to the bottom; the reflec tions of the tall fir trees and snow mountains against the rich orange red sunset was grand. Another time I went up a mountain to 'see the sunset; we passed through magnificent trees, all creeper- clad, with the brightest of blossoms, .and half-way up we found fuchsias; roses, violets, honeysuckle, geraniums, ^pansies, and all sorts of lovely English garden flowers and fruits, like gooseberries,, and raspberries, and currants; you could not believe it until you saw it. 'When we got up, we looked over lOO.miles of exquisite views; valleys of richest verdure; mountain peak beyond mountain peak, in purple glory, rising into snow-capped ranges, rosy in the sunset of crim son light We had to/Stop all night, and built a protection of stones, for thejre were bears about; but we only, heaf^ the distant growling, and we were all good --sliotsl** .-'-? The tourist spoke so well that I seemed to see all! she; had told me, and a certain grim desolation! of\ -these - mountains seemed more. marked, their dumb misery was ap parent, and — I 'wanted to /get 'to their hearts' ;to write their story, 'but has anyone ever done that, so that it makes anyone know these mystical Blue Mountains! I went -on along the ridge') intending^ to Jkeep above the, valley, for once down in the -valley, you feel suffocated, crushed, like an insect under the sole of a hob-nailed boot I said again and again, 'I will not -go down;' but an irresistible desire to throw myself on to' the mass of tempt ing, soft looking tree tops down below, made me, at last, wander down, one- of the tracks': -When I got to the bottom of the cliffs, the aesire led me to further explore, and I plunged off down a. further gully; the sides were as steen, as a pud ding bowl, with, slippery dry earth, and twining, prickly vines, but there was a reckless joy in. stumbling, tumbling, crumbling down the incline, knowing not. where you were going, except that it was terra flrma. I began to slip too fast, and gripped at the tree ? trunks .as the vines clawed me, and now. and then a big stone rolled before me, and tore along carrying off enough vine to make my way easy. , I looked up and could See -nothing but the dense undergrowth, no sky, .nol. cliffs, only light flickering in pale green lace work, and I was glad, when I found myself thrown against a very prickly hedge that went along the edge of the stream at the bottom of the gully. It was weird walking barefoot in the clear; still, dark water, going so silently on' its lonely way. Every, step I made seemed to -startle the bush itself, the' splashes echoed and re'-echoed from the crannied rocks above nie,' and' I 'fancied I saw grim, ghostly, shapes wreathing in curl ing forms ?from the gaping Crevices,'1 and I 'wished there was more sunlight. .- 1 walked down-, the ?gully about a mile, when I struck a track .and : saw from its direction that I was on the way to a wellrknown point of interest, so I went on happily enough. It was very curious, though, absolutely alone in the vast valley land, far, far below the haunts of men, so far that no one could see me, and even with a glass I might be mistaken for a hare or something. The silence was oppressive. It hurt. . I had to sing to keep myself company, and all around me I saw the melancholy, aromatic, sombre gums, with their trunks of cream and mauve and pinkr like ghosts in. the distant glades. If only a little bird had chirped, an insect whizzed by, or a rep tile glided under the rustling leaves, I could have stoodit better; but when I stood still I could hear my blood throbbing in my veins. I felt that if I stayed long I would get petrified. It's, an awful solitariness here; everything is so big, so far away; there is nothing to love — only to fear. Who could lay his face against these crags and say 'I love you, my native land.' The very rocks disdain your attention; they stand stern, inaccessible,' forbidding. I seemed to be in the middle of the low land. I could see above the tops of the trees on every . side, away -miles over to the cruel, massive walls of impregnable rock, that guard the lovely dells, away to the distant mounts that rise out of the valley in melancholy loneliness, 'with sides whose ruggedness forbade one step upward towards the light of day. As I wandered on, still -towards a gap ahead, where I expected to get up the ravine; I came across a small hut with a padlock on the dilapidated door, and a bit of sacking over a hole in the' bark roof, while the,broad chimney of roughly-set stones budged to one side, and a few rusty tins lay on a rough bench outside. I sat down and looked at the sad little broken-down wreck .of a neat humpy, and wondered who had lived there, and when. It was old, and there was not much sign of life about it, although it seemed to be looked a^ter well enough: I went on, after planting a tiny sprig of honey suckle I bad In my hat, which I hoped would grow up over the hut and look pretty. At last— weary, hungry, footsore-r-I came to the path up the ravine that led up the mountain, and passing by the pretty glade, I was struck by the unromantic appearance of big zinc dust-bins, so labelled, '-with a broom near-by, and .notices ask ing people to use them, and swfeep up the 'con- crete floors of caves! What Goths .we- must be to have to be asked not to leave' rubbish, to be capable of spoiling our pleasure places as we do', unlesi looked after by. trustees and others. After ordering milk and scones at the hotel near by^I found I, was too tired to eat such fare, so, giving, the fonier to the cat, I drank ale and ate biscuits and cheese, and was refreshed. I strolled off just before sunset. to a splendid site, where you- cross a pass/ and get over to a ?small hut high range in the distant valley, that runs out about eight miles. L«ro»sed the nar row pass, where? if you slipped you might roll down one thousand feet on either side, and the very knowledge made my heart beat delightedly, for I knew I was all right on a three feet path, with steady toot and head. All about me the wild flowers grew In profusion, yellow, scarlet, purple, white, blue, with graceful grass, and mosses Which enriched the rugged rocks. Away on both sides I could see nearly a hun dred miles, valleys, and ranges, and mountain peaks, rising one beyond another till lost in the vast distance. 3'he sun went tinder a black mass of clouds, and the shadows swept over the scene, the gullies grew black and gloomy, the hills looked so sombre that a funeral pall seemed upon them, the distant peaks rose up clear and dark purple against the inky sky, and a great wild sob came up from the ravines in every di rection as the wind rose, and the moaning of ?the swaying trees far, far below swept among the caves. till the whole mountain side groaned, and, as the wind rose still more', it tore and shrieked among the crags, the rain fell in great blinding splashes, arid I crept into a cave to watch the storm unhurt. The rain seemed to. sweep along like a thick veil over the valley, and where the rugged cliffs % caught it the veil tore, revealing a blurred, rough ? outline, and the wind caught the mists and tore them into fragments, leaving them on the tops of trees or rocky knolls. Quite suddenly the rain and wind stopped, as though a wand had been held out, the turmoil became peace, and the .setting sun threw its pale white rays over the scene, the . silvery shafts ki&ing; the sombre cliffs 'good-night,' as though Nature were touch, ing. them tenderly wi^h her hands, after a tem pestuous scene. All over the valleys the rich green tints, wet and glistening in -the crystal light, and the far hills caught the gleam, and a purple, silvery haze overflowed their erstwhile clear outlines, that crept Hire an exquisite veil over the sky as the last rays sank below the mountains, and night crept on 'apace with only a crescent moon to deck the weird mist of flowing dusky locks outspread. Going back alcng the ridge 'with, bat off, bare foot, and no cloak, I was very happy, the delici ous air, rain sweetened, the scent of down-beaten flowers breathing again, the velvety darkness with the thread of moonlight faintly outlining, the vast, mystical cliffs, the knowledge of the silent,? sorrowful, uninhabited valleys I could not see, the faint whispers of curious sounds that one only hears at night in the bush, especially after a ttcrm, ail th«e were a glorious experi ence that made me feel glad to be there. As I rested in a grotto for tea I saw an old man coming down the hill. I was very much sur prised, and Eaio politely, 'Good night, mate, ' at which he was (.'eased, and saying, 'Good night, miss, thank you,' went on quietly. HememLerisg I had some good provisions, and he did not icofe very flourishing, I stopped and asked him to. have all I had. He took it, and, sitfjlng down, : began to eat it; so I stayed, too. 'Where are; you going down here?' 'I live in the valley,' he repl'.ed wearily; leastw.'se I used to live there in the better off days when there was work. Did you pass my place?' '..'.. ''No-; where is it? I only passed' a ruin.' *'Aye, that's it,foiiss. It used to be a rare nice place when I first went there fifteen years ago. 1 built it as nice as a castle for my wife, miss; and;%e were happy there, but— aye! — did you go in;?- ...? ;.-- .» 'No; it was locked up and deserteL Do you over go .there?' 'Yea; i go once a week to sleep there, and keep it in .ojrder, for .she. might come back rod find it was Vali 'untidy. :?? She went away with the key, and left me a letter; but I never opened it, nilss. ? I -didn't want to know -if she wasn't good. I'm waiting for her to come back to the can who loved tar best.' I felt very interested, and tried to get him to go on talking; but he carefully put oat the fire that we had built up- by tiie wayside, and said, 'Ifcoci night; thank you, miss, for planting the flower at my place.' How odd! I bad never told him of this! I watched him go down the rough path, a dusky, thin, lonely figure, stepping from stone to stone, the crescent moon lighting up his white face and black beard, and I thought how desolate it was— the deserted hut, hie story, the meeting on the mountain, the walk into the distant,' client, hidden ravine, and I leaned for ward to look after my romantic stranger, and — slipping off the ledge of mossy rock under a deep j ledge, where it was cosy, and I sat down awhile — j I woke, and found I had fallen asleep through sheer weariness, and still had my tea untouched! It was very curious, and I can hardly believe now ! that it was only a dream of my own. ' 