THE FIRE BRIGADES. The show of the Fire Brigades, and their sta tions, during Commonwealth week, will he u notable one. Yesterday we guve some detulls of what Is belng'ilone ut the hell station, All the other elty and suburban stuilons ure pre paring for elaborate displays. Friendly rivalry Iiuh prompted District Offi cer Ford and his men to make a greut effort at No. 2 Station, George-street West. In the watch-room there Is a rescue Bcenc, portrahs of generals. Soldiers of the Queen, Buttle of the Nile, and other pictures. The englnc-ruom. Is u blaze of colour, and various models and busts representing, inter allu, the Queen, guarded by a sollder of the Queen, Windsor Caslle, with a bust of the Queen surrounded by Lord Robeitts, Butler, Kitchener, and Ba den-Powell, und Captain Cook (to whom tho visitor Is Invited by a card to tuke oil his bat) surrounded by spears, &c.;, and u piece of his historic ship, the Endeuvour, after It hud reposed under the waters of Dusky Bay for 100 years. An .allegorical iMeture, showing Britannia landing In Australia, with an in farct, representing the Commonwealth, painted by Fireman George Butcher, mottoes such us God Save the Queen, One Empire One DeHtlny, God Blebs Australlu, Our Comrades, O'er tho Sea, &c;„ shields and Chinese lutlcrnB go lo make up the remaining decorations of the en gine-room. "Hopctoun Avenue " consists of a pathway covered in with greenery leading to the paved yard, where a fountain plays on a cool and Inviting grotto. District-officer Watson and his staff have vied with the other branches In converting No. 3 Station, Circular Quay, Into a fairy land. The engine-room Is gay with festoons- of coloured paper, us are the stables, together with llagH and shields, while portraits of the distinguished Generals who have figured in South Africa occupying conspicuous positions, A large motto from Milton, "Peace hath her victories no less renowned than war " at tracts the eye ut once, and the public will rea dily concede that among such victories are those won by the gallant firemen while fight- | lng the llamcs In defence of life and property. In a recess a fine fountain splashes/surround ed by pot plants, the home of u turtle, which ! seems a general favourite among tho men. I Statlon-ftflleer Lee und his slaff have been exceedingly busy of Into In u commendable endeavour to outshine all other stations at No. 4 Victoria-street, Darllnghurst. The windows, pillars, and cornices of the Interior of thp line building have been outlined in fairy lights, which make an Imposing show, together with foliage, flags, a design of Uni ted Australia, shields, bannerettes, &c.; Puss's lng on Into the Interior It Is found to he drap ed In bright coloured materials, and made exceedingly attractive with (lags, Chinese lanterns, mottoes, portraits, palms, pot plants, stands, &c.; A great patriotic display Is made, at No. 5 Station, Australia-street, Neivlown, by Sta tion Officer J. Graham. Outside thcro is a transparency, showing the Queen plgnlng the Commonwealth Bill, with the ghost of Sir Henry Pnrkes to the left, and Mr. Barton und Mr. Chamberlain to "the right. In the engine- room there is a very fine zinc casting of a Federal shield design, representing the seven colonies. Designs In silk represent the Se nate HouBe, "Justice." and the Federal ling. A wheat, barley, and oats trophy occupies a prominent position, while near by there Is u large picture, depleting the battle of the Tu- gola, and the famous 4.7 gum- In afitlon. In a recess there ts a fine model of the British camp near the Tugela, with railway line, portion having been blown up by the Boers, the Ma- juba tunnel, and other historic features. Pic tures show the New South Wa4eB Lancers In action, and other battle scenes. Flags, greenery, &c;„ make up the rest of a very line show. No. .6 Station, at North Sydney, has been transformed, at the hnnds of Station Officer Cutts and his men, with bunting, shields, with fire extinguishers, appliances, and mot toes . descriptive of the occasion. ' I No. 7, at Stanmore-rood, . Marrlckvllle, Is specially attractive with greenery, fairy lamps, , flags, shields, &c.; The engine- room, although small, .Is nicely decorated up on the same lines as the other stations. Foreman Nash hus painted a picture repre senting 1901 rising out of the sea. District Officer Lang and his men have done well, and deserve every praise. No. 8, Alexandria; although a small place, also has been made very attractive by Sta tion-officer G. H. Dadd and ' 'his staff with bunting, shields, Chinese lanterns, &c;,, and Bultable mottoes. The old fire station at IVoollahra, No. 9, .does not lend Itself reudlly to decorations, but Station- officer Parsons and his assistants have made an excellent show with lings, pg|pfl, .3Chlaese-lonjonts, ehleldS/ jsyhlle outside an attractive display is mads wltlii l'alry lights. No 10 station, at Georgc-slreot, Hcdfern, will be particularly brilliant, the- local' nmnl« clpnl council .having granted . Statlon-bjllcec: Holmnn the use of tho electric light. , Outsltla there are festoons of electric lights, '300 In number, whllo greenery "and flags ' contribute to a brave show. Tho Interior 1b very fine, the engine-room, pelng, bright, -witty llags .and shields, .plaster 'modallloria., of, ,, the Quuen,, en circle of sword bayonets on a ' lor'ge'Uhlon Jack, lanterns, a model llghthbuso, and' coats. of .arms. No. .11 station,, at Paddington, files a flnp show of bunting, several of the fine standard's being the work of Flrdmnn Howard. District- ". officer Gorman and the staff have taken l'lill' - advantage of tlie opportunities) afforded by a now .building, of making a big display, many,' of the decorations being similar to head- . quarters. Ckyits-of-urms, shields, fairy lights, mottoes, a fountain, fqj'nery, aquarium, greenery, &c;„ liavo been requisitioned .with: charming effect. , 