Qn (DrMmrttcni (Sermon. DANGERS OF THE MINISTRY. Preached by Rev. W. G. Hindley, St. Paul's Cathedral, December 17 th, 1899. St. Luke iv. 1,2. For thirty years the Lord had been under a course of training for the three years of His Divine aninistry. During the long years that intervened between His infancy and His showing unto Israel, we obtain only one brief glance. He is discovered in His Father's house, learning His Father's will from the accredited teachers of His Father's people ; learning, too, by methods distinctly human and of tested utility. ' He was both hearing them and asking them questions.' The close of this stage of His life was marked by a crisis which may without irreverence be described as an ordination. At Hia baptism, while He was praying, and coming out of the water, there occurred three events which are said to belong to the ' domain of objective reality' — (1) The heavens were opened ; (2) the Spirit descended in bodily shape as a dove ; (3) the voice of the Father was heard saying, ' This is My beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.' Corresponding to these outward signs there were three invisible graces that equipped Jesus for the work of the ministry — (1) The opened heavens signified a perfect revelation; (2) the gift of the Spirit signified perfect inspiration ; and (3) the voice of the Father signified the assurance of the reality of the authority committed to Him. Without pressing the analogy too far, it is well to notice the following points:— (1) The personal consecration and prayer; (2) the official recognition by the Divine delegate — 'John bare record that this was the Son of God;' (3) the gift of the Spirit through the ministry of John; (4) the testimony of the Father — 'This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.' I am called upon to address you, my brethren, who are to receive ordination, at a crisis in your lives not unlike that in the- life of Jesus at His baptism. You will presently be invited to say whether or no you feel inwardly called by the Holy Ghost to take upon this office and administration. Persons in authority, and after due examination, will bear testimony to your learning and godly conversation. Then we trust you will receive from God Himself, by the imposition of the Bishop's hands, the gift of the Holy Spirit for the work of the ministry. In your ordination there will be — (1) Personal consecration, official recognition and sanction, and, I trust, (2) the gift of the Holy Spirit through the ministry of the Bishop, and (3) in your hearts the approving, voice of God; The equipment of Christian ministers is similar in kind, though different in degree, to that of the Divine Mnster. The work is the same. They continue — or rather Christ continues through them— \- what He Himself 'began to do and teach' in the days of His flesh. At the close of this morning's service each one of you may say, 'The Spirit of the Lord is upon me; because He hath anointed me to. preach the Gospel to the poor; He hath sent me to heal the broken hearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and the recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bound.' It is not my intention to speak formally on the duty, the necessity, and dignity of the office. All these may be inferred from a brief consideration of the dangers of the ministry. Every work of high enterprise is attended with danger. The degree of danger is often determined by the importance of the work and the dignity of the agent. The Christian ministry is no exception to the rule. They are exposed to dangers — personal, official, and spiritual. There are temptations in the wilderness, on the mountain, in the temple ; temptations in solitude, in the world, in the House of God ; temptations in relation to bodily needs, to official position, to our communion with God. The three great dangers of the Christian ministry, said a wise hearted theologian, are — (1) Love of gain ; (2) love of power; (3) love of ease. The servant is not above his Lord. When He had heard the voice of God — when He had received, by the ministry of God's delegate, the gift of the Spirit — then -'f He was led up of the Spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil.' Between Jordan and the Quarantania, what a contrast! Between the stately cathedral and the sphere of your work and temptation, what a contrast! Here, the House of God and the gate of heaven; there, the wilderness, the unsatisfied hunger. The first temptation of Jesus will be yours. His need was legitimate and urgent. He had the power to command the stone that it might be made bread. The temptation was to use the gifts of the sacred ministry for His own advantage. There are many things you will need and desire without sin, and yet for a time they will be denied, to you. There are powers entrusted to you that will bring them within your reach. ' I wish to guard myself,' and here I use the words of another — 'I wish to guard myself against any suspicion of sympathy with the cant we hear on this subject in reference to the Christian ministry. My blood rises when I hear some men, who are swept away by the spirit of the world themselves, speaking of the terrible worldliness of the clergy who have been induced to accept a living with a little better salary, with a prospect of lifting a little of the burden from his patient wife, and of giving his children a little better education. If the laity are really anxious that the clergy should be unworldly, the co-relative duty is that they should provide enough to keep them above the carking cares of life.' But, on the other hand, let it be once understood that the object, the main object, of our ministry is to get money — that the value of souls, to us, is represented by the value of seat rents and offertories — there will be an end to our usefulness. We shall have commanded the stones to become bread ; but we shall have turned the Bread of Life into stones as far as our people are concerned. There may be a poor kind of success. We may be clothed in ecclesiastical purple and fine linen, and fare sumptuously every day ; but in hell of our own making, we shall lift up our eyes, being in torment, with the thought that we have degraded the highest and best of all vocations to the lowest and poorest of all trades ! A second temptation will be the love of power, leading to the use of unworthy means in its attainment. Jesus was a King, with right to dominion. 'To this end was I born.' To the clergy there is committed a certain authority that belongs to the Church. There is paid to them a certain deference, to which they have no personal claim. The greater this authority the greater will be its use if wisely used ; but it is the authority, not of the sceptre from without, but of the: cross that rules by love — an authority not to be asserted before it is won — and the condition of winning is self-sacrifice. It may not be wrong to desire power — Jesus desired it ; but there is great danger in its possession. How many a promising ministry has been wrecked by the premature asser tion of power ! A few short months have changed the modest student into a priest with more pride than Wolsey, without Wo'sey's powers. How they lord it over God's heritage as the priests of God ! With what energy do they press their crude conclusions, or the con clusions of some parly or other, as the 'teaching of the Church!' And with what confidence do they utter ex-cathedra decisions relating to questions on which the doctors of the Church speak with the utmost modesty ! The Lord Jesus acted differently. He condemned Himself by His renunciation of worldly power to a long, patient struggle with an 'adversary who had at his disposal all worldly power' to patient teaching and much weariness and long suffering — to an agony and bloody sweat — to a blood- stained cross on Calvary. ' I,' He said—'/, if I be lifted up, will draw all men unto Me.' Not '/, if I insist on my official position.' Believe me, my brethren, the only power worth having in our world is the power that comes through self-sacrifice and loving devotion to duty. Of the power that is the result of a denial of the sovereignty of God, that is purchased at the cost of loyalty to truth, I do not speak. The third danger is love of ease, and is intimately connected with our service within the House of God. It consists in the abuse of high privilege — a temptation to change fellowship into familiarity— to a presumptuous use of God's gifts and promises, to presume on our relationship with God and His Church, to the contempt of ordinary law, to seek the near way to an object rather than the right way. 'Cast thyself down in indolent neglect of ordinary precaution and law;' cast thyself down in dependence on 'the spur of the moment,' rather than on God's blessing given to patient work and prayer. 'Cast thyself down,' and attribute failure to God's will, rather than to thine own shortcomings. God gives His angels charge over men who keep to the ways of obedience ; but there is no such charge given with respect to men who do their own will, or, worse still, the will of the devil. The world has need of good men in Church and State. England has need of good men to take the places of those who have fallen in battle. The Church is sorely in need of men who will in all things follow their Lord. Let us, therefore, pray that these, or any who shall at this time be ordained to any holy function, may become and remain good soldiers . of Christ — not soldiers who will linger round the commissariat waggons and canteen ; ? not soldiers who will spend their time in criticising their officers, and seeking by fair means or foul to take their places; not soldiers who will in defiance of law and order wreck themselves and others in acts of reckless folly : but good men and true, who will be found faithful, in the dark valley, watching throughout the second and third watches ; in the high places of the field, in positions of honour such as the world admires ; in the lonely outposts, unknown and unseen by the world, but appreciated by the Master; or in the forefront of battle, leading or following in the last desperate charge ; or kneeling by and bearing the wounded in the ambulance corps— faithful in that state into which it shall please God to call .them, until the Master shall say, ' Well done, good and faithful servant.' 