ANiEIMIIAIACM * ? _ - ? ' * ? ? ? ? » ? CRITICISM AATP AEECDOTE. AN OLD JMND SPEAKS. v A TIOLENT DEATH, WHEftE THE FINAL-CALL MAY-^ GOME. (By .Lancelot B.V _ N old and valued /f A correspo naent Jrni\ friend, in a dis if/fW tai.t colony, who NT t\ ? takes much inter # :.\ I est in 'An Aus r / -yA i tralian Actor' a/ V* ' \ j series of papers 2$ \\\ I- that have appeared §J W \ trom time t0 Ume If \VA ln the 'Even- Ill ^=^; lng Nevra,' sends -ij me Ms comments tin « refloTir nrti/-l-i dealing with the late Charles Bur Cord, and supplies me -with one anec dote characteris tic of the deceased actor. He 711165:. But, Isn't there a' touch of bitterness in the contrast' be tween the old and new schools of ac ting? Argreat deal of what you say is solid fact, both in:regard to the character of the plays per formed years ago, the abilities of the 'jpilayers who did enact them, and the time those players took in getting them up. I have always con tended that the actors of my younger days were better all round men than the actors of to-day, men and women who could act well their parts in any and every style of play. But Charlie Burford. always struck' me as being a player of .the ''robustious,' order at a time before the 'cup and saucer' style of acting came into vogoe. My recollections of him are mainly confined to a' period when I had the run of the Princess Theatre, The said Charlie Burford gave me a fright one night. I was standing on the wings watching him act in 'The Ragpick ers of Paris' -(I think that was the play), when he had to force his way through the prison bars, and the soldiers appeared and shot him. The play was a great success up to this scene, and Charlie was enjoying himself immensely. He effected his escape, but when the guard appeared to end his career not a blessed gun would goi off. They tried their level best, but the smack of the hammers on the caps was the most realis tic effect they could produce. Charlie knew his end had come, so he lay down on the stage and died to slow music, unmindful of the ap plause of the audience.' Heart disease I sup pose! The incident struck. me as being so fun ny that I stood in the wings and roared with laughter, and did not notice Burford come be hind me after the curtain had fallen. When I heard his basso profundo in my ear, my de light quickly subsided as he delivered rather a forcible lecture on the iniquity of gloating over the misfortunes of others. Peace to his ashes! My friend is critical {though not hyper), and is prone to correct me if I err in the slightest manner, for he urged me to reproduce the arti cles in book form. Heyday! Perhaps some day! He continues: I notice you mention 'Jimmy Byers' in your article on 'Stage Kissing' (published in the 'Evening News' a little while ago). I remember Byers opening in the Queen's Theatre, Dunedin, many years ago as "Richelieu." In those days I was almost letter-perfect in every character of that play, and could repeat the Cardinal's part backward. I was seated in the stalls, and was awfully disgusted to find that Byers was imperfect in the lines, and could hardly restrain myself from yelling out to him when he floundered about. I was not impressed with the impersonation. It is strange how the sight of a name conjures up reminiscences of 'the past. The name of Byers is unknown in the theatrical world now, but I have a very distinct recollection of him in connection with a play called "The Companions of the Chain,'' of which he was said to be the author. It was a fearsome piece of the blood and thunder order, with a tremendous long cast; and as the company was a csratch one, and not too numerous, when an actor got killed or died he had to appear as some one else. The result was that the :: :oience got so confused that no one could ,1'lcistand the plot. That was bad enough; but tli.c five ac,ts were dreadfully long ones, and, as l:cy dragged along, the audience got tired, and one by one they got up and made for home. I vaited until the end of the third act, nearly mid night, . when I thought' I had seen enough, and made tracks. The morning paper had a sarcastic notice of the play to the effect that their reporter Baa to leave* the theatre before the piece was finished; but as the 'printer's devil' went for some beer in the early hours of the morning, he noticed lights in the theatre, so they concluded ike play was still going on. I had just finished, so far, my narrative of Byers, when who should come into my room but the constable in charge of this district, who is a bit of a card in his way, and takes an interest in dramatic matters. 'Did you ever come across an actor named J. L. Byers,' I asked. 'Jimmy Byers,' he said. 'Well, I should rather think so. Why, I played The Ghost to his Hamlet in a scene from the play at Wairoa some .twenty years ago. Byers and his wife were stranded there, and some of the local people help ed him to raise enough to take him to Napier. The constable told me that Byers was found a year or so afterwards at the bottom of Queen-street, Auckland, with his throat cut; but whether it was suicide or murder was never determined. The latter part of, the above communication is news to me, and it is odd that I never heard tho gruesome details; but still that is not strange either. 'Few would take an interest in the death of a broken-down actor, and his life, even judging from the little incidents related, must have -been one long fight with adversity. A good many ac-.. tors m the colonies have met with violent deaths. In pleasing contrast stands the death of the late Mr. Gladstone at a ripe old age, even though he breathed his last in Melbourne in a house of char ity. There are actors now' living in New South Wales biding their time in a poor-house. Sad to think of it, and one vainly asks how? and why? and wherefore? ?? The late Lachlan M'Gowan died at his own home, surrounded by those he loved, and, though his means were all . exhausted, no 'poor-house' ever would have sheltered him.' Another friend writing to me of 'Liockie' winds .up his remarks by saying: 'He was one Who had gained the re spect of all. When our end comes, may we be able to say that we have as worthily played our parts in life.!' It is only a few weeks ago that & one-time old actor (better known for his ghost exhibitions af ter Prof. Pepper, which he utilised In dialogues and sketches) died in a Parramatta asylum, and, but for the generosity and charity ef Mr. Brough, would have been buried in a paaper's grave. To conclude in a pleasanter' vein, let me once more quote from my talented -friend: — I handed your article on 'Stage Kissing*' to a member , of our club, a first-rate fellow, who made a — - of a mess of a stage kiss in one of our shows. ~ The girl he had to kiss made such a lot of fiendish 'objections that he got flustered, and, as I told him, instead of kissrncr Jifir. he, tried to bite a. niece ftlit of the hack - of her neck. Whenever I have any such 'business. to do I give the genuine thing. I enjoy it, so does the audience, so does the girl, and my' wife does not object. ...;.. ' Ah, my easy-going friend! All men are not so happily constituted as you; it would be a pleasant world to live in werejthey so. v 