THE STORY OF A LONG LOST LOVE. ¥tub thought, in the ignorande bred of London, thfkt the gaff, tbe serious gaff, was dead. I had it in 'memory as a lost joy of my youth, illumiground ^rihe~north flfa cou^try town In Surrey. On pneaideotthe gr'tn^rp tiottagei, on the the Juskofuioonliglit/TVegeneralsppaaranoe of theSt-iipwas sbmethingWtween » ahlp'sJiail •nd a mission-room. The door wss only just opened. A little crowd of eager boys elbowed to get a glimpse past the fst, j>laoid person wltose fculk made the announcement ' one at a time' unneoesssry.. The faint/ourious smell that found ijts way through the door was -almost piquantly familiar. ^, Did all gaffs smell alilce, 6r was this my old friend of that West Country fair-field where^J had pnce disported myaialf to deliripm »nd .a: heavenly eostasy.on efgbtoenpenee? ^ ' The stage end of the shabty, viewed from witbout, was certainly about the same.. The blotched aod pBtcbed canyas, through which the light cam e reluctantly,' the shadewi 6f moving figures, and, aiiove all, the VBst hnlk bf a-bottle towering towards the'flies, pricked tny recollection rhsnfully. Onoe I had failed io reoftgoue - tbe signiOcsnoe of the bottle, now its^offioes ! were dear to me «yen a» I watched a giant ] hand gmspgd and carried it to a cavernous, ' shadowy mouth. . ' • .- 1 returned to the door aod examinwl lhe long playbill which hung over tho stout lady's head. My heart stood atill I The name,of Miss Miranda Devereux, in big capitals, stared at uie like a ghost. Jn thnBe old days Miranda, for quite.a week after the fair had been my only love. I used joyfully to dream of hitting fours to square leg witb my guinea bat,' or taking Smitbsoii major's off stump with a yotker. 1 had hardly thought of her as a girl; my affection for Miranda was <oo deep for that. I paid my threepence to the hoy, who had taken the place of the stout lady, and went in. Yes, the very drop-curtain was the same. I knew tha Venetian canal (time had radnoed tbe once magnificent colouring), with its gondolas and lilies, its tnilitig drnperius, its delicious perspective, its joyful disx'gard of ccrything sa»e the gorgeously picturesque. The footlights, I observed with a sigh, were new ; tho piano, played in tho wings somewhere, was not. 1 never saw a curtaiu rise with braver oxpei-Utions ; the rirging of the bell set tny nerves a- tingle. The play was performed with tha utmost seriousness and high intention. 1 have, on my honour, seen worse plays. There was a persecuted heiress, a villain-cousin in a silk hat, an innkeeper, aod a. tinker w illi his wife and daughter, who held the secret of the artist-hero's birth. The tinker had a sense of humour ; his idea of luxury was " rum and 'errin's." I believed it. Miranda was the persecuted heroine! She had changed, of course. She was older (FO much older !), stouter, heavier <jf foot; but when she cast agonised eyes to the roof and cried, "No, no ; I cannot love yoa !" or turned upon the villuin-couein with, " One step nearer, »>d thi little hand shall strike you d nai >>" she was as fine as ever. In the lust net, in which a fierce dual is fought between the artist- hero and the villian-cnusin in a sumptuous drawing-room, she was superb. " Kill that man I" she cried, urd killed he wag, and the curtain came down upon happy lovers and a limp corpse. 1 lingered on after the audience hud clattered out over the creaking planks that served for seats. A man, whom I recognised as the tinker, began to put out the lamps. 1 stepped up to him and begged to see Miss Miranda Devereux. He eyed me carefully, smiled, jerked his thumb towards the stage, and sail, "You'll find her be'ind." I climhrd on to the stage, laid a profane band on one of the Venetian palaces, and poshed past the curtain. A loud hum of voices came from the wings. I knocked sharply with tny heel. " Come in, can't yer ?" someone called. I went in. The villain-cousin was drinking from a tin can with the lady who had been established at the entrance. An unuaey suspicion crossed tny mind. " I wish to offer my congratulations," said I, " to Miss De« ereux, whose admirable performance I have just witnessed. I remember seeing ber some time ago in n place far from here. May I see the lady ?" " There she is," said the man. " Wears well, don't she? Always was a artist." The lady rose. I bowed, and she was good euough to extend to me a flaccid hand. My husband," she said, nodding rt the villain- cousin. I shook hands with him also. "Madam," I said, "you are indeed an aiiist I"' I had found and lost Miranda.—Pall Mall Gazette. EVEN' when we realise that people are flattering us we feel sure tbey mean well. UNIVERSAL peace is.lhe dream ot the enthusiast and the nightmare of the army contractor. THE qualities in a man that make him a good fellow do not always add home life. IT is painful to the serenity of bis to feel that you are someone's "duty " as it is delicious to foul yon are FOOICODC'S happiness. NIKE times out of ten wheu n mail nsks yout opinion he is only looking for an opportunity In express his own. 