THE GODDESS : A DEMON. BY RICHARD MARSH. Author of "In Full Cry," "lie Beetle: A Mystery," "The Crime and the Crimi nal," "ThS Datchet Diamonds," "The Duke and fcbe Damsel," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XXIII.— IN THE PASSAGE. The Inspector I dragged in by the collar "is ooa't. I el&romed; the do of his mends, teeming my foot against it while I shot the bolts.' "Tliis won't do! I'm not going to stand any more of your nonsense! You let my men in!" * There was a flaming gas bracket in the passage. By its flare 1 eyed the Inspector. lou be so good as to understand, Mr. fcymonds, that I m going to have no m6re of your nonsense.'" He put. his hand up to .his mouth-a whistle between his fingers. Gripping his wrist, I pinned him by the throat against the wall. "If you are not careful, you'}) get hurt." He gasped out between his clenched teeth, "111 malte you pay for this! You let mv men in!" let your men in until you and rin_ve an explanation." Tne lady interposed. "Don't hurt him." i "*10k hurt him-unless he compels me. Look here, Symonds, there's been a mys tification-a hideous blunder." "I don't want to have anything to say to you. You open that door!" His hands returned to his lips. Again I had to pin him against the wall; this time 1 wrenched the whistle from between his fingers. "If you give any sort of a signal you'll be sorry.'" "You've broken my wrist!" "I -haven't, but I will if you don't lookout. I tell you, man, that you've been on the wrong scent; you and I, and. all of us. It isn't Edwin Lawrence who's been murder ed; isn't even dead." "Don't tell your tales to me." "Tales! I tell you tales! Here's Mr. Ed win Lawrence, to tell his own.'" Lawrence was standing a" few steps far ther down the passage, an apparently inte rested .spectator of what had been taking place. Symonds turned to him. "This man? Who is this man?" Lawrence thrust his thumbs into his waistcoat arm holes, "I'm the corpse on whom the Coroner's been sitting." "Don't play your mountebank tricks with me, sir.'" "I'm the murdered man." "Indeed.? And pray what may be your name?" "Edwin Lawrence-at your service, en tirely to command. Though I may men ' tion that that's only a form of words; since, at present, I'm really, and actually, in the service of another-a lady. Bound to her hand and foot by a tie there's no dissolv ing." Symonds perceived that, in-his manner, to say the least, there was something curi ous. As he looked at me I endeavoured to give him the assurance which I saw he required. "It is Mr. Edwin Lawrence, you may , safely take my word for it. The lady can confirm what I say." Which the lady did. upon the instant. The inspector was still, plainly, in a state of uncertainty, which, under the circum stances, was scarcely strange. "I don't know if this is a trick which you have got up between you, and which you think you can play off on me, but, anyhow, who do you say the dead man is?" : Lawrence eliose to 'take the question as addressed to him. He chuckled; there was something in the clmcide which suggested the maniac more vividly than anything which had gone before. ; "Who's the dead man? Ah! there's the puzzle-and the joke! The dead man must be me. *" It's in the papers - in people's .mouths-it's the talk of the town. The police are searching for the wretch that slew me - the Coroner and his jury have viewed my body. It's plain the dead man must be me. And yet, although it's wry odd, he isn't. It's the rarest jest that ever yet was played-and all hers." He pointed with his thumb along the passage. "It's all h'sr doing, conception, and execu tion, both. And how she has enjoyed it! Ever since she has done nothing else but laugh. Can't you hear her? She's laugh ing now!" There did seem to com1?, through the door which was at the end 'of the passage, the sound of a woman's laughter. We all heard it. ' The lady drew closer to me; I gritted my teeth; the inspector, with whom, as yet, it had no uncomfortable as- . Boeiations, -treated it as though it were no thing out of the way. "Who's it you've got in there?" Lawrence raised liis hands, as if they had been notes of exclamation. "A goddess! Such an one!-a pearl -of the pantheon! A demon!-out of the very heart of hell!" He fingered his shirt collar, as if it were tight about his neck. "That's why she's relished her humorous conception more than I haye. The quali ties which g'o to the complete enjoyment of the jok-s she plays I lack. The laugh ter. she compels has characteristics which 1 do not find altogether to my taste. It gets upon my brain; steals my sleep; nips mv lieait; fills the world with - faces; grinning facc-s, all of fern - like his. And so I'm resolved to tell the joke, and I pro mise that it shan't be spoilt in telling." This with a smile upon his lips, a some thing elusive in his eyes, which, to my mind, again betrayed the lunatic. He threw out his arms, with a burst of sud den wildness.- "Let them oil come in - the whole street - the city-ful! So that a'? many as may be gathered together for the enjoyment of the joke!" Symonds and I exchanged glances. I spoke to him in an undertone. "If you take my advice, you will listen to what lie has to say. Before he's finish ed, the whole story will have come out." All the time there had been knockings at the door. Now some one without made j himself prominent above tlvs others. A shout came through the panels. [ "Symonds! I? that you in there? Shall we break down the door?" [ Tlie voice was Hume's. I proffered a j siyfctestlon to tne inspector, 'Inhere is' do reason why Dr. Hume ! should not come in. He will be aible to re tire your doubts as to whether or liofc 'this 1 is Mr. Edwin Lawrence. Your men I should advise you to keep outside. They will be close at hand if they are. wanted." He regarded me askance, evidently stiJJ by iio means sure a.s to the nature of the part which I might be playing. | "You are a curious person, Mr. Ferguson. You have your own ideas of i&e; way an" wJiicfh justice is administered in England. However, you shall have your own way. Let Dr. Hume come in. My men can wait outside toll .they axe wanted. I> unbolted ithe door, keeping my foot i aeainet it, to guard against a sudden rush, I The crowd was still in waiting, ft had evidently grown forger. As the people saw that the door was being opened, tSiere weni cries ^nd exclamations. Hume was standi ing just outside. It seemed that it had beeql hi? intention (to make a dart within; but the spectacle of me in the doorway otwi^gd' him to hesitate. By hum "were the Inspect tor's friends. Misunderstanding the sdfarai tion, they made am effort to force t^e dioioS< wider open, it w3s all I oould do to holfjl it against them. "Hume you can come in. Inspector Symonds, give your men their instruct tions." "Gray, are you there?" ''Yes, sir! Do you -want us?" Isot just now. I may do slhortly; keep wqere you are. Send along for some one to keep those people moving?' "Very good, sir. Are you all right in ther^P "For (the present I am. Keep a shianb look ^ust. I| you hear me give the worui come in at once-if you have to break down thedoor to do it." "Right, sir!" ^ _ rebolted th^ door, boos and gr earning from the «nowd, as they perceived themselves being Aut out from tihe sight of anything which there might b£ to aeei Hunie had enitered. _ He wad looking about him aB if tlhe poeiihion of affairs were be* yond his comprehension. "Symonds, what does all this mean? Fer guses, what new madness have you been tip to? Miss Moore, you here! This is no place for you!" "I think it is." "I say it's niot. You ought to be in bed, Who gave you permission to leave you? room?" - < ? \- "I gave myself permission, thank you. J am quite able 'to take care of myself. Audi if I'm not, here's Mr. Ferguson." "Mr. Ferguson! Mr. Ferguson stands ifl. need of some one to take care of him." He turned to me. "If you've had a band in bringing Miss Moore here you ought to be ashamed of yourself, if you're capable shame, which I'tai beginning to doubt} Surely your own sense of decency, emory#* nic though it may be, ough't to have t61cl you that it is no place for lier. What is this den which you have brought her to?" "Here is some one wlh'o can tell you bet ter than I. Ask 'him, not me." Lawrence broke into laughter. "That's at, Ferguson. Hume, ask the' corpse." i i1 Iiu-me staved at the speaker, as if he l\ad been a spectre; which, apparently, he was more itfhan half disposed to believe that lie was. "Lawrence! Edwin Lawrence! Is it a living man, some demoniacal likeness, or is it ghost? My God! is it a ghost?" A (rain La wren'ce laughed. He went closes? to tlhe bewildered doctor; his eyes flaming, his manner growing wilder as he continued speaking. "A ghost, Hume, write it down a ghost! I wonder if I oouJd cheat myself into be* lieving I'm a ghost? Hume, you're ah aw thority on madness. Look at me; do you think I'm mad? It's a question I've been putting to myself since-she began to bo llmmorous. I see tilings-I hear things-^ like the men who've been- thirsty. Ihete B a face which looks into mine-a face ajl cut and slashed, and slicqd into ri'bbone; and, as tlhe blood streams Sown the oheek1 hones, wlhich are laid all bare, its teeth grin at me, inside -the torn and broken jaws, and it says,-'After aill I've done. thjs is the end!' I strike at it, with botlh iny fists, where the eyeballs ought to be, but I can't knock it away; it won't go, it keep's on being there. I can't sleep, though I (J pive all the world to. I'm afraid to try, because, when I shut mjy eyes, I see it plainer. The blood gets on my hands; tihe taste gets into my moult*; the idiot wordg get on my brain, 'After a^. I've done, thl| is tlhe end!' I can't get away from th§ face and the words; whatever I do, whef" ever I go, they're iffliere. I seem to cajry them with me. I've been drinking, hut I can't drink enough to d'nufc them ouij I can't get drunk. And, Hume, do yon -thlxui I'm mad? I 'hope I aim. For while Ijad 'being tortured she laugife; she keeps laugw ing all llhle time. It's uier notion of a je§g» I hope tifoat it's but a madiman s fapcyi what I see and hear; and that, when I g6p my reason back again, they'll go-the foes and the words. You're a Scientific mai& j Tell me if I'm mad'." ' Hume turned towards me. "His counte nance was* pasty-hued. _ "What devil's trick is this?" Lawrence answered in his own fashion, as if the question had been addressed, to him. _ _ - "That's wliat it is-a devil's trick! Hers! The Goddess's! She's a demon! I'll teU you 'how it was done. She's got me-by tlhe throat; bought hie-body and bowL But I don't care, I'll be even. She shaij p do all the Ucoring; I will plav a hand, afy though, directly afterwaHdis, she drags ma down to hell with her. Let 'her dragl I'm in hell already. It can't be worse-where she "has sprung from." Taking Hume by the shoulder with' one hand,, with tlhe cither he pointed to door whicfli wtis at the end o-f the. plsw sage. H® was dreadful to look at. As ng himself said, be already looked as if m were suffering the torments of the danineqli "She's in there-behind that door. tfufe although she's in there, sale's with me hletfj She's always with me, wherever I am; dhft the face, and the words. You think I'm ftft mancing, passing off on you thte coinage of a madman's bradn. I -would it were so, J wish that they were lies of my own inv'en^ tion, a maniac s imaginings. Offline with me! judge for yourself. Ylou slhiall see her, I will show you" how 'the devil's trick wail done." '. He led the way alkwig the possiage. We' followed. I know mot what thoughts wer$ in the minds of tlhe others. I do know; that I myself had never before been so {topi scious of a sense of discomfort. The ladjf. slipped her hand into mine. It was ctoMft Her fingers trembled. Even then I wtouid' have sfayed Ihier from seeing what' we were to see if I could. But I could-not. It as if we were being borne onward together in a dream. All the while I had a suspicion that of us all Inspector Symonds was mioBB at Ihis ease, while it seemed to me that Hume carried himself like a man who mOVed to execution1. 