I ^^CHKRCHKrELIiES. | PHAPTBRVin. . I, ,initp as it seemed, bir So fior ,,ot partic'1,flyf happj; I^sart, for o case stl)1 . for| „ot. and En1'1 ber efl'0rt not to allow herself TritlistiHid'ng- cpngcience was troubling her 10 t1'' ' i and in plain truth, she was in tensely misuIj n!01. so after tea. The wind min' to blow rather chilly, and the *as )««-' ^ul farthest to go were already ; pe°l lle.\ tn ,„i;e their departure, the greater beg',1,U'tf th(ise who came by water not re m until much later, to row home by jjiriuiin 1 . ,r considered one of the attrac 'l0' f visit to the abbey. Sir Lysart was tI011S| ,'il,out ratlioi- aimlessly. He wanted . 'lFnid to toll her of the arrangements he t0 U 1p find to propose their leaving 1 but she wns nowhere xo be found— it 6,1 , L if she had completely disappeared. 6flTi ' IKiei'rd from group to group with Be more than once interrupting a ol'. Tide, and was beginning to give it ' qu * .civiir when suddenly he felt a slight up pi bow. and turning sharply, stood !' Mice with Chrysanthemum Blair. moment or two. ' The girl i ,« if she had been running. 'Ive f'',0' J ' i -ro1fi time to day, but it lias been roi-'iy at y™1- exl,ense' alld 1 want to thauk ^It my oxp«i«^,Fh'e exclaimed, wondering ™PHn I - took Miss Cherchefelle— the little one,' Enid, I mean, the one they told me I were engaged t«. I took her away from ?;ou nearly all day, and you are looking for her flow, aren t you ? ,. j i,e? your pardon ; really, I hardly know.' lie began, drawing himself up, not at all approving of such an address from almost a perfect stranger. _ 'All. now,' she interrupted, Ive made *mi mail, and I wanted to please you.' At si slit of lipr troubled face and pleading blue eves his displeasure vanished instantly. 'Yon are quite right in your guess,' he faid. 'lam looking for Miss Enid Cherehe fell?. mid if you can tell me where she is to be found I sliaM be very much obliged to you.' ' Well, I just, can.' she returned. ' Enid is round the corner, where the cells a»e. You'd never have thought of looking in that dusky place if 1 hadn't told you. I was going round 'Kir* f1-on T caw vnii n.rifl rPftlrnnad I I'd sen') you instead. Awful shame— isn't it ? — fakins me away s' soon ! I'd have given anything to see the old place when the moon was up— not to speak of the lovely ghosts Captain Garstone told me about. There isn't a chance of my coming across them now !' 'Can't your companion be persuaded to stay a little longer? It is a pity you should lose your chance.' 'Oli. no— he's awfully wrathy already about, his horses and his servants.' ' Well, 1 am very glad yon have enjoyed what you hive seen. No — don't eay ' good bye' here ; I am going with you to the ferry. I darosav Enid will not run away.' 'No- she was looking tired like, as if she'd be «lad to rest a bit. or I should have gone after her before. Yes— I have had a good time ; I'll not forget it in a hurry — all the folk— 1 people' you say here, though — as lantliin? and good-tempered as ours at home, not stiff aud standoffish as they often are, and firsl.-rate real old ruins that have been left ruins, and not fixed up for folk to live in and spoil like most they've shown me .No — you sha'n't come a step further ; they'll keep you to talk, and then you'll find her gone. I'm desperate glad 1 was able to catch you. Say good-night to her for me, and tell her I sha'n't ! (or'et how real good she has been to me this day.' And ivith a light laugh and n wave of the hand, the girl ran off to her party, who were awaiting her return not a little impatiently. CHAPTER IX. Hound the corner where the cells are,' 7i? u ° le Part the abbey that was in p 'e Preservation. It was roofless there »s everywhere, but the walls were firm and ' and in an angle half way up, acces ,, e ova narrow flight of stone steps cut into e itself, wis a small chamber almost wmplete'y intact, roof and all. A little g er came a row of cIIr open, to the air; ? -eVcnd, the steps whibh ascended to what nn,i„ miCe, un a Killerr running around ,« r'J; ' 'he roof were broken and danger tpm vera' too-adventurous tourists, at «ra-»ln' to mout)t them had hnd narrow capes, and at last there had been rather a own ^ i ' 'i'1' 81 that Squive Vaqbrough, the iethe^i C'^ access the stairs alto )jarr. , )v se,ting up an antique door, heavily witli n holted with iron to be in character loptrn.1 ' ,ce- This door was always kept the cpll k' ? ^ie.rchefelles had a key, and, tert , f s, . lnK considered the most interesting dav for Vr rni^\ t'le ^oor ',ftd stood open all ^onlfl visitors to wander where they *aKtoin')!5otiN ?oom' a9 the cell in the angle plain 1 ' '1R|^ two windows — one, a small, down one called ihe spy ?hole, looked the otlio' T once beien tJio .refectory ; leen jr' '''king out ovei- the woods, had 'ow onl,''nn ? j ar°hed and narrow, but w'as the onrH;!! u ® aPerture of indefinite phaoe, further h , nS prevented from extending ^eias m - i8® masses pf ivy, which; with encomivw. j as n man'8 wrist, clung to and tovflrin„ s, every stone until it formed a !L*i I8*' *s 8tron» fts.the wfiU itself., *?« in I, i n much view, for th* liUitding lollow and the Abbot's R(^-ta was not very high up ; but there was a small clear stretch of smooth sward below, and be yond, pleasing glimpses of the river through the trees. The stone window-seat within was broad and low ; and hither Enid, tired of wearing a mask, had escaped for a time to think her own thoughts, to bear her own troubles alone. After dusk I the stairway was so dark and un inviting that she had believed herself secure from interruption, especially as she imagined that she had flitted away quite unperceived. Great therefore was her annoyance when she heard footsteps on the stair — annoyance burned into sheer dismay wlien she 'found that the intruder was Sir Lysarf, and/ that she was fairly caught without a possibility of 'retreat. Ever since she had been sitting th^re she had been thinking of him, and wondering how she could tell him ; and here, as if in answer to j her thoughts, he was before her. Moreover, they were not likely to be disturbed, and there was the friendly dusk to cover her confusion ; 1 she could not have a better opportunity. But her courage failed, she drew bick .0 most aghast, and, hastily wiping away the tears which she had been silentlv «h dding, greeted her lover with a faint smile, as, resting his hand 'tenderly upon her shoulder, he said simply — ' Tired, dearest ?' I foar you have been doing too much.' iHe spoke in such a tone of loving confidence that her heart smote : her worse than ever ^ but she managed to rep'y steadily, and for. the time Ihe was quite uhconscious that anything was wrong. Th£n, sitting down by her side, he told her laughingly aboutflthe American girl's gratitude, and the way in which she had shown it— the good turn she had done hitn by revealing whern Enid had hidden hersblf. ' Though I think you migh^ have given me a hibt,' he said. ' I have seen nothing of you all day, and I should never have thought of looking here ; it is too lonesome in the twilight, too melancholy a place altogether to be alo- ? in at this hour.' ' My head ached— I was tired of the noise 1 — I was only too glad to bo left alone,' she re turned wearily, coward-like laying her hand upon his to take away any significance that he might find in the words. He imprisoned it ' directly ; and they sac on in silence, the man not being a great talker at the best of time3, and now perfectly content, to sit side by side with the woman he loved, her hand in his, ber head renting almost against his shoulder. He was so content, that he for got the arrangements he had made about going back, and his idea of departing spnedily. Below oiythe riv«r banks, the fires that had boiled the kettles had been gathered together in one huge bonfire ; a couple of fiddles and a banjo, kept by their owners jealously out of sight until the more etaid members of the party had departed, were triumphantly 'pro- duced, and whilst waiting for the m^on to rise the time was merrily passed in dancing. But, only a distant mnrninr of Bound asoended I to the two so near and ^et so far apart, each abborbgd in their own thoughts and sitting in thi very centre of what light there was, were perfectly unmindful oi the growing blackness neliind them. Tho stairway was winding and the walls' were thick, so thev heard nothing of the rapid footfalls below or the closing or lock ing of tho door. For Avicc, who, as a hostess (her ladyship having gone long ago), wan one of the ;Very lates'fc^b depart ?4iy'r'riad — sfent; on of the young men ,tp fetch the Jtey.,. notdr^im ing that any one conld be about at such an untimely hour. ..... But Enid and tysarb Teih ftined perfectly ig norant of what had happened, ikid. had yep to find out that they were prisoners. After a time Lysarfc began to talk a little of plans for the future, slowly atld with frequent happy pauses, the girl al. intervals mechanically answering, her thoughts being far away. lie was describing to -her some alterations which he meant to make in the place which he hoped would soon become her home, when suddenly, in the very midst of it, as if she had not heard word, she interrupted with — ' When you are in doubt qbout doing any thing, Lysarf, how do you generally decide 1 I mean, not as to doing it — there is no doubt about that — but how«dO you decide (whether to do it, 'fit once or later ? Suppose you were not certain, how would you make up your mind ?' ' Are you in a state of uncertainty then ?' he said, with a smile. It depends a great deal on whether the thing is disagreeable. ? If i' is, I like best to get it over as soon as pos sible. A good many toss up and seti'e in that way — how would that do 2' But she did not answer ; she gazed frown ingly out into the gathering glcoiu. His light heartedness jarred upon her, annoyed her. made the task to which see was slowly making up her mind still more difficult. Though the vexation which Lysart had felt at Enid's manifest inattention to hif words had been but momentary, still it had broken the charm ; he was no longer obHvious to his surroundings, and beheld with surprise ; the gathering shadows. ' Time we were off, Enid/' he said, rising. ' I had no idea how the moments had flown ! They will be wondering what has become of us. Dreaming still, darling 1' as she made no response ; then touching her cheek tenderly, almost reverently, with lus hand—' Is it this weighty something that is troubling you ? Why not tell me what it is and let me do the deciding ??' ' When I have told you, it will be over,' she said quickly ; 'then, turning her head away, she muttered so inaudibly that it was impossible to catch the sense of her words, 'And yet I ought— I ougbt — no more time ought to be lost !** He took the last word to be toss, referring to what he had been saying a moment ago, and, drawing a coin from his pocket, said — ' Very wjsll, dors ! Though indeed it is getting almost too dark to see which is which.' ' You men are all alike,' she cried indig nantly. ' You make a jest of everything. I thought you were different, but you are no better than ' the,, rest. Pray, did you .toss up whether or not you should tusk me to be your wife ?' ' Good Heavens— no, Enid ! I thought you yourself wore jesting.'' Overwrought by contending emotions, the girl burst into a fit of irrepressible sobbing. ' Enid, my darlihg—my beloved— what is it 1 What is troubling you V he cried ; and, gathering her : in his arms, he would have kissed away her tears, bat she thrust hub roughty'from her. 'Not that! 'Not that!* Anything, but that ! Wait until you know ; thett hdte ine — demise 'iftie &a; VoU wiil-^arijthing but bill me, wiitn kindness. I He drew a long breath. ? ...... ..... ? ? ? ? z&m; ' Enid— I think you mast be mad.** |w -i began. ' - 'Mad before— sane enough now!' wailed forth, in a ton* so sail that it cut him J. - ^ tc_ the heart, though he had not tho slightest ' *; presentiment of what was coming. But ha had not long to wait. She had gone too far Cn ' draw back now, and beginning brokenly and, , hesitatingly, but gaining more courage afbeff the first plunge, she tokl him, withhcftdtDg nothing but Bernard's name, the whole miser- ' able story of her lovo for another, her woundei . . ? . pride anil her mad resolve to accept the 6cs% ° , -. chance rhat offered in order to maintain In® ' ^| * own dignity. She could not tell what effect ' her words had upon him, for even if she ha€ ' dared to look up, it had grown too dark to S99 '' * his fico, anil soon after she had began he ha4 drawn awa v, and, going a little further off; stood and listened in silence, not even inttaf« . ?} rupting her even by ail exclamation. ',!,h When her tale was at an rvd — when her lasS 'Si - : faltering accents had died away he still r«» mained si'ent. As far as sight, or sound, i 1 \r motion was concerned she micht as well hawk : i. b^en alone. At last, frightened by the intends ' J' stillness, she cried aloud — ??'?!' ?- ,, ' Say something to me! Blame me, b*- ? ' proach me as .you will, only, for pity's sale®, sneak! Say something to break this awfoj ' silence ; it frightens me !' ; O'j 'What can I say?' lie answered slowly ?' .. , ' or rather what do you wish me to say. Yswa ' f have hit me so hard 1 feel rather dazed. Yoa ?' see I was so unprepared. You have avoid©! ?, i ' me rather lately, but I thou she there was ' ^ another reason for that; in never occurred li- me for a moment you did not love me,' ? , ' The words were simple, but spoken in sueiGt v ' .4' a tone that her tears began to fall again, and , V'?j. presently a muffled sob met his ear. In % I moment he was by her side, though there was ' J V no caressing touch this time. ???''.K ' Why do you distress yourself so mucEfc ? . Surely the worst is over now. Of course, I 1 '? * ' lease you ; that goes without saying.' % ; ' j5 She murmured something which he henfe ????'' down to catch. ; r. 'Forgiveness — always forgiveness!' Era- cried impatiently. 'If I had wrouged yo«^ 'i because you do not love ; but I— I love, my ' vv love has grown part of my life, there can be n-}» '?& question of forgiveness. I have nothin® fca „ reproach you with — nothing to forgive ; I aim : ? not even angry — my heart is only filled witii ;.v an unspeakable sorrow.' K Still sobbing, she bowed her head trpoa her hands ; and went on — . ? ; ? ?* ' Besides, you have stopped short of tho crowning wrong of all ; your nature was too noble to allow you to carry out your plan to ; ^,1 the end Nay, I wrong you ! You had m plan; you gave way to the mainess of thtas ; moment, and have, I can fully realize, re® pented ever since. But it is over now} r ? ' Whatever wrong you may have done you ha,wa ? ??? d atoned for it in tears and bitterness. Heao%» - forth you must forget the past and look foe* ?V.'fd ward to happiness to come.' i v 'uv 'And you?' she said timidly, looking with tearful eyes. ; ' 'Oh, I ? 'and he laughed bitterly. 'r-\ ?| not let thoughts of me disturb your peace ? J JS.'HS''. shall drop out of your life as though I ha«ft ' v never entered it. I do not deny that I aau , ' badly wouuded . ? ^ * ' ? Its ever the hand we love that deals thfl» J; hardest blow.' 1 But I am not wounded unto death; I shafK get over even this — in time.' ?-';* ;-s 'You will find some one more worths and ? ' ' Possibly,' he interrupted coldly. ' I datft ? v say there are a great many worthy people \ ' the world, and you can never be the same me again. I set you on a pedestal, and yom ^ ' have fallen — fallen, I suppose, irrevocably; and yet' — here his voice changed and he spokfe in a tone of suppressed passion — ' and yet-— , .--?, ^ oh, Eiiid, you are a thousandfold degrer to out i in this your grief and self abasement than wheat 'i; I first loved yoii in the height of your pride 5 4 '-g j. I would give my whole life to save you % monent's trouble, to shield you from th» ' ^ slightest harm ; I would give you up willing^ to one who loved you as well and, who wa® . V more worthy of you than myself. But, Enid* ] take care— -do not make another mistake S - : He hurt your pride, trifled withyour affectrooR, you say ; but should he come forward again— '' i ''/i oh, my darling be warned! Cast me off as y you will, but it would be better for you to b«s , * V; i dead than trust your fate in the hands of such j a mau as Chester Casimir.' * ' Sir Chester Casimir !' she cried in sur-» 'i- ' ^ ?rise. ' You believe it is Sir Chester Caeimifl* ; cared for ?' ? * ' Is it not ? There was no one else you afe ' ' V' all—at all ? ' 'Encouraged. Finish your sentence,' ska; interrupted. ' It is true, 1 did encourage; him; I would have married him if he haifr. K .'I: condescended to honor me with the oiler, butt love him— nevei, never! Indeed, you heum greatly mistaken. And, mote than that, yom v speftkas if I Jloved the other still- It is. not sq- — it is over. . Without the slightest feeling oi£ ' resentment, without anger, wibhout pride, £' can honestlv say that love is a thing of tb«; | - past. When T look 'back, it almost seeius ast if it had happened years sioce — as if I hadi. - been a child playing with another in a gardeiu. It seems so long ago, and I have suddenljrr grown so old.' ^ 