The Church Assembly. OCTOBER, 1900. After special service in the Cathedral, the second session of the fourteenth Assembly of the Church met in the Chapter-house on Monday, October 1st, at 8.15 p.m. The Bishop presided, and there was a full attendance of members, the dais and gallery being fully occupied by ladies. Prayers having been read by the Rev. Canon Goodman, the Bishop delivered his Annual Address. On rising to speak he was received with hearty acclamations, for which he expressed a thanks. He then said : — My Dear Brethren, Clerical and Lay — In delivering my usual opening address, my first duty is to express my gratitude to Almighty God for His great goodness in restoring me to health, and permitting me to resume my episcopal duties among you. "I was brought low, and He helped me." In the next place, let me tender my cordial thanks to the members of this Assembly for the message of sympathy forwarded to me during the last session, when I was at Deniliquin. One of the consolations of sickness is that it draws out the affectionate regard of those with whom we are associated in the affairs of life ; and such consolation I have enjoyed in large measure. My compulsory absence from Melbourne during the latter part of last year necessitated the appointment of a Vicar-General to discharge the duties of the see. The Dean of Melbourne kindly undertook this office, and filled it to the entire satisfaction of the whole diocese. Especially do I thank the Dean for the able manner in which he presided over the Church Assembly last year. My catalogue of obligations would be very imperfect if it did not include a most grateful acknowledgment of the kindness of Bishop Thornton and Bishop Cooper, who at great inconveni ence undertook many confirmations for me, some of them at great distances ; and who stirred up the zeal of the friends of the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund by their admirable addresses at the diocesan festivals held at Melbourne and Geelong. The most important ecclesiastical event of the present year, as far as the Church of England in Victoria is concerned, was the departure of Bishop Thornton from our shores, after an episcopate of 25 years. His abilities, his eloquence, and his unwearied zeal in carrying on the work of his diocese amid great difficulties will be long remembered; and we shall all rejoice to learn that some post of usefulness has been assigned to him, in which his varied powers shall find adequate scope. Meanwhile, both our dioceses are prepared to give a cordial welcome back to Victoria to the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, who has been chosen for the vacant See of Ballarat. THE JUBILEE WEEK. The General Synod of the dioceses in Australia and Tasmania assembled last month at Sydney, under the presidency of the Archbishop of Sydney. It was a gathering not soon to be forgotten, not so much perhaps on account of the value of its deliberations as because it was immediately preceded (may I add, sanctified ?) by the very remarkable series of services and meetings held in connection with the Jubilee of the Australian Board of Missions. During five successive evenings the Sydney Town Hall was the scene of large and enthusiastic audiences, who listened to the Governor of New South Wales and other able and eloquent speakers as they set forth the urgent claims of the inhabitants of Melanesia, New Guinea, Bellenden Ker, and the heathen inhabitants of Australia upon the missionary zeal and liberality of the Church. The most impressive function of the Jubilee week was the consecration of Archdeacon Gilbert White as Bishop of Carpentaria, in the presence of 20 bishops. After the consecration, the bishops, in order of seniority, presented the thank-offerings of their respective dioceses on the occasion of the Jubilee; the total sum was £8400, of which £1400 was contributed by this diocese. Again and again during this memorable week the name of the Bishop of Tasmania was received with enthusiasm, for he it was to whose missionary zeal and organising ability the success of the effort was mainly, if not wholly, due. Let us all join in the earnest prayer that the interest thus awakened in the cause of making the Gospel known in the dark places of the earth so near to Australia may increase more and more widely throughout our dioceses. After the Jubilee came the General Synod. No better preparation for it could have been devised. The sermons, the prayers, the addresses of the Jubilee week seemed to shed a softening and sanctifying influence over those who took part in the debates of the Synod. An interesting debate took place on a motion to change the title of the Church in Australia. The motion was brought forward by the Dean of Perth, and was opposed by the Rev. E. P. Dodd, of Adelaide. The Dean of Perth ultimately withdrew the motion, greatly to my satisfaction. I may remark that a considerable amount of debating power was shown at this Synod. ELECTION OF THE PRIMATE. The question of giving the Bishops a more effective voice in the election of Primate again came forward. Canon Green, of Adelaide, moved the second reading of the proposed determina tion in a very conciliatory speech, which was highly appreciated by the representatives of Sydney. The proposal was that, in the event of a vacancy in the office of Primate, the Bishops shall elect one of the metropolitan Bishops, or until three provinces shall have been formed, the occupant of one of the sees of Sydney, Melbourne, or Brisbane. This plan has the advantage of leaving to Sydney the right of electing its own Bishop, while it also gives to the Bishops more scope of selection in their choice of a Primate. The proposed determination was adopted after a very temperate discussion, in the course of which it was evident that there was a general desire to arrive at a satisfactory settlement of the question. If the Diocesan Synods see their way to accept the determination, it will become law. The practical effect of it will be, I believe, to leave matters as they are. The Archbishopric of Sydney is the most important ecclesiastical position m Australia even now ; much more will it be so when Sydney becomes the chief city of a great Common wealth, and the official residence of the Governor-General. POWERS OF THE GENERAL SYNOD. The subject which roused the most warmth of feeling was that embodied in the proposal of the Bishop of Brisbane to give to General Synod the power of passing determinations which shall be law for the whole Church, whether Diocesan Synods accept them or not. It was feared lest this burning, question, if pressed to an issue, might lead to the disruption of General Synod. But the Bishop of Perth opportunely intervened by prevailing on Bishop Webber to postpone the question till next General Synod. On the whole, it appeared to me that the weight of argument was on the side of those who supported the motion ; but it may have been that the opponents of it were influenced by considerations which they did not feel at liberty to disclose. EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS. To turn to the affairs of our own diocese. The past year has been remarkable for the growing efficiency of our educational institutions. The report of Trinity College Council shows an excellent record of distinctions gained by the students. The names of E. C. Spicer, P. V. Bevan, E. Neil Smith, Kenneth S. Cross, are amongst those who gained honours in various sub jects. Of the six medical graduates appointed this year as resident physicians to the Melbourne Hospital in consideration of their University distinctions, three are former students of Trinity College. The report states that amongst those serving the Queen in South Africa are to be found the names of five Trinity students. We are also reminded that the new Bishop of Ballarat was the first theological student of the College. But the Council notice with regret that, though the system of theological instruction introduced last year is now in working order, there is a falling-off in the number of those candidates for the ministry who aim at obtaining a University education. The reason of this may be found in the cost of such an educa tion. The Melbourne Church of England Grammar School, under the management of its Headmaster, Mr. G. E. Blanch, has advanced by leaps and bounds. In February, 1899, there were 158 boys at the school. By Christmas, 1899, the number had increased to 200. In June, 1900, it had further increased to 284. During that time the teaching staff has been strengthened by the addition of six new masters. In the last report of the Council to the governors, dated July 1900, we learn that the gratifying progress of the school is mainly due to the confidence inspired by the new Headmaster and his able staff, but it is also attributable in large measure to the new departure taken con currently with Mr. Blanch's appointment, under the amended constitution of the school, which provides that the school fees shall be received by the School Council, and that the salaries of the masters and other outgoings shall be paid by the Council, and not by the Headmaster. The great improvement in the buildings and grounds has also contributed to the advance which the school has made in the estimation of the public. The Council also tender their cordial thanks to Mr. Cain, who has devoted much time and trouble to this successful effort to restore the school to its high position among the public schools of Victoria. CHURCH OF ENGLAND GIRLS' GRAMMAR SCHOOL. This Assembly, at its sitting in 1896, passed a resolution "that the Bishop be requested to take such steps as he may think desirable to establish a Girls' High School, the object of which shall be to impart to girls a sound, liberal education, including daily instruction in Holy Scripture, in conformity with the principles of the Church of England." Such a school is now in existence— namely, Merton Hall, Church of England Girls' Grammar School, South Yarra. It is conducted by the Misses Morris. I learn that since the end of 1899 the number on the school roll has increased from 40 to 80. The teaching staff now includes six ladies who have had the advantage of a University course, in which some of them have obtained high honours. The large increase in the school has made it necessary to seek for more commodious premises, and a building is now being erected which is in every way adapted to the needs of the work to be carried on within its walls. The new school build ings, which are to be completed at the end of the present year, are situated in Anderson-street, South Yarra, on the brow of the hill overlooking the Botanical Gardens. The Assembly will excuse my dwelling somewhat on this educational venture, when it bears in mind its own responsibility in the matter. This school is the child of the Assembly. It has received the distinct recognition of the Church of England in this diocese — a fact which, as I understand, has already done much to strengthen a feeling of esprit de corps in both teachers and pupils. Several of the present pupils are looking forward to a University course, and it is hoped that in the future the Girls' Grammar School may bear its part in supplying students for Trinity College. EDUCATION OF STIPENDIARY READERS. The education of stipendiary readers who are candidates for Holy Orders has been always recognised by the Church as a most important, but at the same time a most difficult achievement. The stipendiary reader, if he has to carry on his duties in some remote and extensive district involving heavy and frequent journeys, finds it hard to carry on his studies. The Assembly will recollect that the Rev. W. Carey Ward, late Incumbent of St. Columb's, Hawthorn, rendered invaluable service to readers by delivering lectures to them at certain times in the year, and by looking over and carefully correcting their answers to questions put to them. Still greater were the educational advantages enjoyed by those readers who gained admission to Perry Hall, Bendigo, for they were not only instructed, but trained for the ministry. But Mr. Ward has left the colony, and Perry Hall is closed owing to financial difficulties. Under these circumstances a committee, appointed by the Church Assembly, undertook to prepare a scheme for the instruction of readers. I shall not trouble the Assembly with the details of the proposed scheme, but my hearty thanks are due to the committee for their painstaking effort to meet the case, and to the Rev. W. C. Sadlier for the eminent service which he rendered to the students while Principal of Perry Hall. At the Oxford and Cambridge Preliminary Examination held in October last, four candidates were presented from Perry Hall, of whom three were successful. When a young clergyman has been ordained priest, and therefore has passed all necessary examinations, there is a danger in some cases lest he should intermit his studies ; and, therefore, I rejoice that the Australian College of Theology has been established, and that our younger clergy are taking advantage of it. One of these, Rev. G. Watson, of Yarraville, obtained a second-class in the October examination for the degree of Licentiate in Theology. All Trinity College men will be pleased to know that the Rev. Reginald Stephen, their sub warden, has been elected a Fellow of the Australian College of Theology. SCRIPTURAL INSTRUCTION IN STATE SCHOOLS. The Royal Commission of Ministers of Religion appointed to select passages of Scripture suitable for religious instruction in the State schools has at length completed its labours. When the Commission met to elect a chairman, the members present expressed a desire to elect me to that position. But I declined the honour on the ground that at that time my health was not fully re-established. Archdeacon Langley allowed me to nominate him as chairman, and he was unanimously elected. I have received the report of the Royal Commission. Considering the great variety of religious and theological opinion represented on the Commission, it is, I think, truly remarkable that its members should have been able to agree upon the report presented to the Prime Minister, containing, as it does, so many Scripture Lessons, Prayers, and Hymns. It appears to me to be a painstaking, conscientious, and able document, and if Parliament rejects it, the friends of the Bible in State schools must, I fear, give up the struggle as hopeless. Meanwhile it is satisfactory to know that Church of England day-schools are conducted at Christ Church, South Yarra, and at St. Peter's, Melbourne. SOCIAL WORK OF THE CHURCH. The Church Army is still doing good. When it began its labours here, it was pleasing to observe that both sections of the Church took part in it. But at the annual meeting held some months ago, I was sorry to observe that those present belonged almost exclusively to one side. This is to be regretted, for surely the evangelisation of the masses in Melbourne, and the circulation of Christian literature in the bush, are methods of doing good in which all may unite. The Council of the Church of England Temperance Society deserves all praise for its efforts to extend the operations of the society, especially by the formation of parochial branches ; St. Mary's, North Melbourne, branch is one of the most flourishing. The Council have recently given prizes for competition in temperance physiology amongst members of the society. A society has been recently established among us which is the outcome of the many social problems which beset the civilised world at the present time, and which urgently clamour for solution. It is called 'The Christian Social Union.' I do not think that the pressure of these problems is so severely felt in Australia as it is in Great Britain. For instance, in a paper issued at Oxford by the leaders of the Union, it is stated that it is the condition of industry which is absorbing all attention and all anxieties. 'It is the intolerable situation in which our industrial population now finds itself that must force upon us a reconsideration of the economic principles and methods which have such disastrous and terrible results.' Such language as this, however suited to the condition of an overcrowded country like England, would seem exaggerated if applied to the state of things among us. Still, the principles of the Christian Social Union are so truly good, so Christian, so adapted to promote brotherly union and concord, that the hearts of all disciples of Christ may well be drawn to it. The objects which the Union has at heart are the following : — I. To claim for the Christian law the ultimate authority to rule social practice. II. To study in common how to apply the moral truths and principles of Christianity to the social and economic difficulties of the present time. III. To present Christ in practical life as the living Master and King, the enemy of wrong and selfishness, the power of righteousness and love. Now these are glorious principles to be embraced, and no man can study them without having his views of Christ and of His work in the world greatly enlarged. I therefore commend the Christian Social Union to the serious consideration of members of the Church Assembly. The hon. secretary is the Rev. Reginald Stephen. DEATHS AND RESIGNATIONS IN THE DIOCESE. Since the last meeting of the Assembly the Church has lost one of her most venerated clergy — Canon Handfield, who arrived with Bishop Perry in the ' Stag' in 1848. Canon Handfield will be long remembered as a man of a modest and affectionate disposition, with a cultivated and well-stored mind, and of a saintly spirit. He held the Incumbency of St. Peter's, Melbourne, for 46 years. He was also for some time theological lecturer at Trinity College, where his lectures were greatly valued by the students who attended them. The Rev. Walter Fellows has been compelled, through ill health, to resign the living of St. John's, Toorak, which he had held since 1863. Mr. Fellows's energy and zeal in collecting large sums for St. Paul's Cathedral Building Fund will be long remembered, to say nothing of many other amounts which were contributed through his influence to the same grand object. The Rev. Amos Brazier has also retired, after many years of good service. Among prominent lay Churchmen, death has deprived us of Mr. Robert Sellar; Mr. E. B. Wight, of Kensington; Mr. W. R. Looker, and Mr. Francis Grey Smith. Of Mr. F. G. Smith it may be said that his intimate knowledge of finance, his position in the National Bank, his sound judgment, his unswerving integrity, his high Christian character, caused his death to be an irreparable loss, not only to the Church of England, but to the whole community. Mr. Smith was a Lay Canon of the Cathedral, and also its treasurer. May God raise up many more such laymen to be the Church's strength and stay ! I have also to record the deaths of Mr. J. W. Veal, for many years secretary to the Mission to the Chinese; Mrs. Tucker, widow of Archdeacon Tucker ; Mrs. H. B. Macartney ; and Mrs. G. I. Armstrong, widow of the late Incumbent of St. Luke's, Fitzroy, who died, within three months of her husband's death. Amongst clergy outside this diocese who have passed away during the year is Canon (formerly Archdeacon) Mercer, a highly respected clergyman of the Diocese of Melbourne before separa tion; and Archdeacon Hales, a clergyman of the Diocese of Melbourne in the early days, having come out with Bishop Perry in the ' Stag.' The death of Mr. Butterfield, architect of St. Paul's Cathedral, deserves mention, although he retired from the work before its completion. PROPOSED DIOCESE OF SANDHURST. I reserve to the last the remarks which I have to make upon the most weighty of all those matters which will be brought before the Assembly — the proposed new Diocese of Sandhurst. I need scarcely assure the Assembly with what deep interest I have followed the very interesting debate which took place on this subject a year ago, and which was so admirably reported in the pages of The Church of England Messenger. It is impossible for me as Bishop of the diocese to be otherwise than profoundly interested in the success of this measure. As Churchmen, we must, if consistent, desire the perpetuation and extension of the Episcopate. What says our Book of Common Prayer? 'It is evident unto all men diligently reading the Holy Scripture, and ancient authors, that from the Apostles' time there have been these orders of ministers in Christ's Church: Bishops, Priests, and Deacons.' I learned, there fore, with much satisfaction, that after one of the best debates which this Assembly has ever listened to, the recommendations of the. Bishop-in-Council were unanimously adopted; that a conference subsequently held, consisting of the committee and of representatives of the two northern archdeaconries, accepted the proposals of the committee as far as they referred to the funds with which they are concerned ; and that a motion was carried authorising a committee then appointed to bring up an Enabling Bill to provide for the partition of the Diocese of Melbourne. Soon after the Assembly was adjourned, meetings on this great subject were held at Bendigo, and a correspondence followed, in the course of which some of the writers expressed views of the 'how-not-to-do-it' character. But this occurred some months ago, and I heartily desire that the Enabling Bill laid before the House may meet with general acceptance. I feel ashamed when I consider that a city like Bendigo, with 35,000 or 40,000 inhabitants, has not a Church of England bishop, who might make it a strong centre of spiritual life throughout the two archdeaconries which will constitute the Diocese of Sandhurst. BISHOP OF MELBOURNE'S FUND. Meanwhile allow me to press upon the attention of both clergy and laity the urgent necessity of increased support for the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund. It has been decided this year to hold the Annual Diocesan Festival in aid of this Fund in the Assembly week, in order that those members of Assembly who reside in the country districts may be with us. The Lieutenant Governor has kindly promised to preside, and Bishop Stretch and Archdeacon Tucker, of the Diocese, of Ballarat, will be the chief speakers. The Festival is to take place on Thursday evening in the Town Hall. Pray encourage us by your presence, your sympathy, and your gifts. THE COMING COMMONWEALTH. Before resuming my seat, let me congratulate you, my brethren, on the fact that we, in our day and generation, are spared to witness at this time the birth of a mighty nation. Without bloodshed or revolution, or squandering of precious treasure, we behold these Australian colonies federated into one great Commonwealth, in closest alliance with the mother-land. We are preparing to welcome the first Governor-General of United Australia, our own Lord Hopetoun; and, later on, to receive on our own shores His Royal Highness the Duke of York, who has been commissioned by Her Majesty the Queen to inaugurate the first Federal Parliament. Australia is admitted into the comity of nations. The Royal message states that Her Majesty fully recognises the greatness of the occasion which will bring the colonies of Australia into federal union, and desires to give this special proof of her interest in all that concerns the welfare of her Australian sub jects. We have also rejoiced to learn how warmly the Queen has recognised the loyalty, the spirit, and the devotion with which her Australian subjects have fought her battles in South Africa. But let us not forget, amid our mutual congratulations, that the increase of political dignity and influence gained by Federation should be accompanied by an increased sense of responsibility to God for a righteous use of these talents. We of this Assembly are, in God's good Providence, members of the Anglican Church — a Church which has ever shown its loyalty to the Crown of England, and to 'the faith once for all delivered to the Saints.' Let it be our desire that, as the State grows in power and dignity, the Church should also grow in spirituality, in zeal for the extension of Her Master's Kingdom, and in readiness to embrace every opportunity of making His 'way known upon earth, His saving health among all nations.' Report of the proceedings of the Bishop-in-Council, and other documents, were laid on the table. The Hon. T. C. Harwood, M.L.C, was appointed acting-Chairman of Committees, in the absence of Mr. F. E. Godfrey. PEOPOSBD NEW DIOCESE. A Bill entitled 'An Act to create a New Diocese in the Colony of Victoria, and to provide for the appointment of the First Bishop thereof, and the maintenance of the See,' having been read a first time, Canon Godby, in moving the second reading of the bill, said his task had not been rendered easier by the fact that he had to begin by acknowledging, and withdrawing so far as he could, a mistake he had made last year before the Assembly, through a carelessness on his part which was unimaginable. He had given the number of places of worship in 1898 as 1278, whereas 778 was the correct number. Though the Year-Book from which he believed he was quoting the figures was in their hands, no member of the Assembly checked him. He reminded the Assembly of the history of the movement for the division of the diocese. In 1885 a bill with this object was read a first time. It was afterwards withdrawn, and a large special committee appointed. It had had the same task as the committee appointed last year ; but probably owing to the vacancy of the see, resulting from the resignation of Bishop Moorhouse in 1886, the committee never reported, and did not seek reappointment. Opposi tion to the present bill had been voiced lately in Bendigo, when the missing chapter in the history was given by Archdeacon MacCullagh. It transpired that when the former bill was withdrawn, a further proposal was made to Archdeacon MacCullagh by Bishop Moorhouse. It was stated that this proposal was submitted to those interested in the north, and that it was accepted by them ; but there was no record of the proposals or of their acceptance, or that the committee had done any work, or that the proposals had been so much as submitted to them, and when the committee was appointed two years ago, with this alleged practical scheme in existence, not only was it not submitted to them, but the Archdeacon of Sandhurst, who had been a member of the committee for two years, had at no time mentioned it. The next step to the division of the diocese was the resolutions passed by the Rural Deanery of East Melbourne urging the division, and they knew what followed. A committee was appointed last year to further the movement by getting contributions to the endowment fund and to submit a bill to create the new diocese. Their report, which had been laid on the table, explained why they had not been able to proceed with the raising of an endowment fund. At the outset they were asked whether the financial recommendations of last year were final, or had still to come before the Assembly. To this no answer could be given but that the Assembly had not yet voted on the money question. There was therefore only one course open for the committee —viz., to draw up a bill and get an Act through a special session of Church Assembly, and then go to the country and say what was fixed by Act of Church Assembly as Melbourne's contribution to the new diocese. The Council of the Diocese, however, had advised the Bishop that a special session was not necessary, so nothing further could be done until the present time. As to the bill itself, he wished them to look at the propositions that were really, made, not to criticise, as had been done, proposals that had not been made. Taking the financial schedule (2nd) first, the first clause, referring to the contribution from the rental of the St. James's lands, had been misunderstood. At the Bendigo meeting a fortnight ago the Arch deacon, in explaining the bill, had, by introducing the words 'ten years' into this clause, brought in an entirely different provision. He had argued that the new diocese would have to wait for ten years for an increase in the rental of the St. James's property. They would not have to wait at all. There was absolutely no mention of ten years in this clause of the schedule. As soon as their portion of the net rental reached £1350 they would receive it. In the meantime, if a quarter of those rentals amounted to less than £1300, it would be made up to that sum from the Consolidated Fund. The second clause of Schedule 2 was inserted in pursuance of a reso lution passed soon after the 'Hastie Bequest' had come into their hands, that in the event of any new diocese being formed this part of the bequest should be devoted to its endowment. It was only in the third clause that ten years was mentioned. It was proposed to compensate the new diocese for its separation from the wealth of Melbourne, and to give it time to form a strong fund of its own, by giving it 20 per cent, of the offertories and contributions to the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund. This seemed a fair proportion for Melbourne to contribute. The fourth clause of the schedule handed over debts which were not valuable assets perhaps; but while they were bad debts for Melbourne, it was by no means certain that they would be so for the new diocese. They amounted to £897. The bill thus provided for the new diocese an income of £2201. He would ask the Assembly to compare this proposal with the one stated to have been made by Bishop Moorhouse. The present annual value of the latter would be £2035. That, they were told, had been accepted by the north, yet some would now have them reject the present proposals as inadequate and inequitable. What was such opposition worth? It had been stated that the proposals would entail a serious diminution of the incomes of the poorer clergy. Let them see if this was so. The total income of the new diocese would be £3011, on the unlikely supposition that the appointment of a bishop was not followed by an increase of local contributions. The present grants to clergy and readers, in the two archdeaconries amounted to £1895. Add to that £800 for the bishop's income ; the expenditure would then be £2695, leaving a balance of £316 for other purposes. It was not for that Assembly to say how the new diocese would pay its officers, but it was not likely that the lavish expenditure of the Diocese of Melbourne would be repeated in any new diocese. Archdeacon MacCullagh had asked was this a fitting endowment. Of course it was not. It only pretended to be Melbourne's contribu tion to endowment. It was absurd to expect that Melbourne should find all the funds for the new see. And further, it was unreasonable to expect that the new diocese should start fully equipped with all the machinery which the older diocese had accumulated during many years. All they said was that this contribution they proposed to make was adequate as a contribution. It was many times more than had ever before been given to any new diocese in Australia. The next question was, Was the Melbourne contribution an equitable apportionment of the funds? That was a question which ought not to be raised. Melbourne was taking her fair share of the burden. The question rather was whether Melbourne could afford to give what was proposed. He thought it possible. There might be some present inconvenience ; but he felt sure that Melbourne would face the inconvenience, which would be relieved as time went on. There had been a great demand for detailed information of the present scheme, but he had never yet arrived at what was the infor mation wanted. Circulars containing information as to what the committee were trying to do had been sent to every clergyman in the northern archdeaconries. He did not think any more could have been done. At least they should believe that the committee was thoroughly honest. It had been said that Melbourne was going to give one-fourth of the revenue from St. James's lands, and could not give more because another new diocese would be wanted some day; but in the meantime, until that other new diocese was founded, Melbourne was getting the benefit of 75 per cent, of the St. James's revenue. Why, it was asked, should not a portion of that 75 per cent, be given to Bendigo until it was required? The answer was simple. Melbourne was making use of all the money, not hoarding it. There were other funds, it was admitted, from which they might have given ; but Melbourne could only part with an income of £1500 a year, and it did not matter whether this income was made up from six sources or one. The method proposed — that of making the largest charge upon St. James's lands — was the safest and easiest, with the additional advantage that there was the prospect of the assigned income increas ing as years went on. The whole matter of finance resolved itself into two questions — (1) On the side of Melbourne, could they afford to give what they proposed ? (2) On the side of the north, could they afford to accept the proposal ? Melbourne is offering the new diocese a start, free of public debt, with the income of a capital of £37,000. Was any man going to stand out who believed in episcopacy, who loved the Church, just for better terms of money? With regard to the name of the new diocese, Sandhurst had been chosen as less local than Bendigo. As to the boundaries, he admitted there was inconvenience in the want of communication between Beechworth and Bendigo ; but as one looked round other dioceses, he doubted whether this was as serious as it seemed. The clauses 5, 6. &c;, referring to the nomination of a bishop, had given them some difficulty. There was a lack of precedents. It was felt that Melbourne had a clear right to a voice in the appointment, as she was providing a large amount of the funds, but that the new diocese had the chief claim. But the difficulty had been that there was no synod of the new diocese. It was provided that the new diocese should have two voices in the election for every one Melbourne had. The proportion of members of the nomination committee falling to each archdeaconry had been arrived at by taking the parish as the unit. There were 28 parishes and parochial districts in the Archdeaconry of Beechworth, and 19 parishes and parochial districts in the Archdeaconry of Bendigo; the proportion, therefore, was practically 7 to 5. Clause 9, it should be noted, did not intend to provide for the income of the Bishop of Sandhurst, but only said that the minimum income should be £800. Clause 10 provided that the management of the property referred to in section 1 of the Second Schedule (the rental from St. James's lands) should be controlled as at present by the trustees, under the direc tion of the Bishop- in-Council, in Melbourne. Obviously a dual management of such property would be exceedingly inconvenient. The clause amply guarded the rights of the new diocese. He felt that the explanation of matters of finance was uninteresting, but he had gone into the subject at length because he wanted the clergy of the northern archdeaconries especially to understand that the one desire of the committee had been to form the new bishopric without sacri ficing either diocese. The bill was now before the Assembly. Other dioceses in Australia were watching them in the matter with great interest. There was keen expectation at the recent meeting of the General Synod in Sydney that the new province of Victoria, which would result from the founding of the new diocese, would be soon an accomplished fact. General Synod had actually legislated as if it were certain. Melbourne was included with Sydney and Brisbane as the possible seat of the Primate. New South Wales was already a province, and Queensland would shortly be one, and it was known that Victoria had the formation of a third diocese, and with that of a province, under consideration. The committee had written tentatively to the Primate, giving the particulars of the provisions of the bill, and asking if when the financial proposals came before him he could accept them. A gua ded reply had been received from the Archbishop, to the effect that it was not unlikely that the proposals would be favourably entertained by him when they came before him as Primate. This was as much as he could have said under the circumstances. In conclusion, he would say that there was one sentence of the Arch deacon of Sandhurst's speech at Bendigo with which he cordially agreed. He agreed that much would depend on the energy and ability of the new bishop. They could not provide for that. But as one looked round upon the bishops of the Church, one was bound to conclude that the selection of rulers in the Church did not merely lie with men or committees, but was also governed by the influence of the Holy Spirit. That could not be doubted when they considered how few inadequate men there had been among the bishops of the Church of England. Let them trust in this for the future, because they believed that episcopacy was of Divine institution, and that the Holy Spirit was still within the Church. Archdeacon Langley seconded the motion, but reserved his right to speak till later in the debate. Archdeacon MacCullagh wished first to remove some erroneous ideas. He had said that much would depend on the bishop that was appointed. He did not mean by that that if a bishop were not what he thought he ought to be he would not support him. He would loyally do so as a member of the Church of England. With regard to the pamphlet that had been recently issued, he had purposely never read it. He wished also to explain why he had gone back to his original opinion. The year before he had been ill, and when he found many of the leading clergy of the two archdeaconries supporting the bill, he doubted his own judgment, and gave way. But he had since seen reasons to go back to what he first thought. He repudiated in toto the statement that there had been any intention to distrust those in Melbourne. But he did say that they could not be so well aware of the wants of the north as those who lived there. There were many then present who were members of the Assembly fifteen years ago, and had heard the proposals then to give £20,000 to the see. His opinion had been adopted, that the amount proposed was not adequate. The result was a number of the clergy and laity met immediately after the Bishop had made his speech, and 21 concluded that the financial proposals were not satisfactory, and the present Dean and Archdeacon Stretch carried messages between them and the Bishop. The bill was then withdrawn, and the Bishop left the colony, so that no more was done. The proposal that was made to him (the Archdeacon) was a personal proposal, and that was why he had not mentioned it. The meeting recently held in Bendigo was held in accordance with a unanimous resolution passed at the annual meeting of his parish, to the effect that he should call the congregation together to explain to them the terms of the bill. What he had said there he would say in the Assembly, that he knew the committee had done their best, but they did not know the north as he did ; he had lived there for 30 years, and knew every inch of the country and its needs. Everyone knew the contributions to the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund had been going down. They had had to spend £1500 on school accommodation in Bendigo. There were no rich men in his parish who were doing anything for the Church. There was not a man in his congregation who was a mining speculator, or derived a shilling from the mines. The wealth of Bendigo consisted mainly in wages paid to the miners, and by them to the shopkeepers. The grants that had been made to the clergy had already been reduced, and could not suffer further reduction. The Bishop of Melbourne's Fund had been started for the clergy in the northern archdeaconries ; but if the present proposals were carried it could scarcely expect to receive even the support it had received in the past. It was proposed that they were to get 25 per cent, of the rental from St. James's lands. Then Melbourne would receive 75 per cent. But in Bendigo there was no church fit for a cathedral, and no offices. Was it unreasonable that a proportion as fair as that of Melbourne should be given because those things had to be provided ? He did not think it reasonable that Melbourne should go on receiving 75 per cent, until other dioceses were formed, towards which it would have to contribute endowments, while Bendigo would only get 25 per cent. He still held they might give one-third. The whole matter hinged on this. The work could not be carried on efficiently by any reduction of the stipend of the poorer clergy. And he did not think it was the bishop's duty to collect money. They were told that no other diocese had received such an amount to begin with. He might admit that ; but had any other diocese an asset like St. James's land ? He regretted that his knowledge of the needs of the north compelled him to differ as to the finances of the project, though he knew that if a bishop were appointed the work would be done better, as it was toe much for one. He was sure also that God Himself would send them the right man, if it was decided to have a bishop, and if so, he would bow his head and say, God's will be done. Archdeacon Langley regretted that he was compelled to differ from Archdeacon MacCullagh. He had seen dioceses established with nothing like the endowment proposed, which had been very success ful. He could mention two or three dioceses where most of the money had been raised in the dioceses themselves — e.g., Bathurst, and also Goulburn. They proposed to give an endowment running up to nearly £40,000 in perpetuity, and, in addition, all the increase that would come from one-fourth of the rental of St. James's lands in the future. Then, instead of getting only £1300 a year, their prospects would be considerably greater. There was no suggestion of the smallest reduction of the grants to clergy and readers. Besides, would not the formation of a new diocese strengthen instead oi weaken the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund ? They could still plead for the northern plains for the next ten years ; and surely the incoming of a bishop would have a strong stimulating influence. His organising powers and spiritual influence would soon make them selves felt in a corresponding increase in the collections. The practical question was whether the new diocese was a necessity. He believed it was with all his heart. Proper episcopal supervision, which was of the essence of the position, was not possible at present. No one bishop could possibly do all that was required. The bishop at present could do little more than the bare necessary work of confirming, &c.; But there were many places where the bishop's presence would be very beneficial, where he could influence by his example, and infuse a personal spiritual force. He admitted the difficulty that the diocese would be cumbrous, but believed that it was very likely that there would soon be a railway connecting the two parts of it, and there was no great city like Melbourne to take up so much time. As to the argument that these districts were not wealthy, he had often been told by commercial travellers that the soundest places were not those which were most wealthy. In any case the new diocese was a necessity if the Church were to do her work. The committee had been careful of two things — (1) the needs of the northern archdeaconries, and (2) the needs at home. They could not give more than a quarter without injuring the efficiency of the Melbourne Diocese. They had met them in the most liberal way he could conceive. If they would not have the diocese on these terms, he hoped another offer would be made to another part of the diocese. But those who rejected them were incurring a great responsibility he could not incur himself. The Hon. F. S. Grimwade congratulated the Assembly on the high tone of the debate. All were agreed upon the necessity of the new diocese. Last year he had thought the sacrifice too great, but now he was prepared to help it on in every way possible. As a business man he knew Bendigo was a sound place, and had a great deal of accumulated wealth. Out of a population of some 50,000, one-third, he hoped, were Church of England, and the small contribu tions to the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund from there pointed to the need of stirring up the Church. The question was, Could Melbourne spare what was proposed? Archdeacon MacCullagh had said that the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund would decrease in the future ; but he believed they were on the eve of better times, and that it would increase, especially if the rank and file could be got more generally to subscribe. With regard to the name, he preferred Bendigo to Sandhurst, but did not see why it should not be Beechworth. Rev. J. K. Hall said there was urgent need of more episcopal help. He was surprised at the want of enthusiasm shown when such liberal offers had been made by Melbourne. The Hon T. C. Harwood said he had been one who had doubted the advisability of the new diocese. He had thought that the people in the north did not want the new diocese, and also that the endowment was inadequate, but both those doubts had been removed. All were unanimous on the main question — that the measure was wanted in the interests of the old diocese and in the interests of the proposed new diocese. He was sure. that with a new bishop Church work would be carried on with much greater vigour and success. The question of the endowment had been made too much of. If it was altogether insufficient, the bill would have to be thrown out of course ; but if it was only not quite what they thought it ought to be, that was no sufficient reason for rejecting it. They should get into committee, and make such suggestions as they felt proper then. Judge Molesworth agreed with Mr. Harwood that the interests of all parties should be considered; but the facts were that the mission of Canon Godby, although no one doubted his enthusiasm, had entirely failed. And he had not told them what promises he had received. For that reason he thought the bill wrongly entitled. It should have been called a bill to compel the people of the Anglican Church who lived in Bendigo and Beechworth to separate from the Melbourne Diocese. Was the division necessary ? That was the first question. As regarded the position of the clergy and readers, it appeared there would be a diminution in their incomes if the new diocese were formed. That was also Archdeacon MacCullagh's opinion, and the Bishop of Ballarat took a similar view. Long experience and. observation had led that Bishop to doubt the advisa bility of multiplying small centres, and he rather favoured the appoint ment of a suffragan-bishop. The President said he did not need that kind of assistance. Judge Molesworth replied that it had been tried in England. Then there was the additional expense of a registrar, dean, &c.; They would be no better off with a bishop than with an archdeacon as at present. They would also be cut off from Trinity College and the Church of England Grammar School. (It was interjected that these were for the whole diocese.) The Chancellor (Mr. Justice Hodges) said that he had a great regard for Archdeacon MacCullagh, but did not understand why he had changed his attitude from that which he had finally adopted last year. He wished the Archdeacon would show them how it was proposed to treat the northern archdeaconries unfairly. He failed to see where their grievance was. There was no better way of dealing with the question than the way that had been considered by the Council and the Assembly in times past. It was a bargain that was proposed to be struck, but not one between two dishonest men, eaoh of whom was trying to get the better of the other. The 25 per cent, proposal was fair. The greater part had the greater claims. Then there was a majority in favour of it in Melbourne. No one said it was not an urgent necessity, and the northern archdeaconries were mostly in favour of it ; at least, he believed there was a majority last year. Canon Godby had given the answer to the objection that his mission had not succeeded. The reason was that the terms were not settled, and those in the north said it was of no use to come to them till they were. Even if some were not in favour of the proposal,, that might only mean that they did not know what was good for them. Rev. E. H. Scott wished to adopt two lines of arguments. First he would reply to Canon Godby. The small contribution to the B.M.F. from Kangaroo Flat had been mentioned. He regretted they could not send more, but it would be no better with a bishop at Bendigo. And as to the charge against Archdeacon MacCullagh, that he had changed front, he had not really done so, but was prepared to accept a bishop when adequate provision had been made. Then, with regard to the bill itself, there were two main provisions — (1) concerning the payment of the bishop ; (2) about the appointment of the bishop. If provision had been made to make the bishop's income a first charge on the wealthier parishes, he thought the bill would be perfect; but that was not the fact. There might be sufficient money to go all round if the grants were maintained ; but if anything should happen so that the grants were taken away or further diminished, some of the clergy and readers would not have a living wage. They had a just claim to a fair share in the assets of the diocese, and he did not think the proposed division fair. Then, as to the appointment of the bishop, he thought Sandhurst should have a more equitable vote than was proposed. The size of the congre gations should be taken into account as well as the numbers of congregations. The population of Sandhurst was 24,000 more than Beechworth; it was also a more important centre. He would oppose the bill on the grounds of its injustice to the clergy, and the want of knowledge that its promoters had shown of the northern districts. Rev. J. Fulford said he would support the second reading. Last year he had opposed the division because he thought there was not sufficient data to go upon ; but Canon Godby had now furnished them with sufficient, and so he had become a convert to the bill. Rev. G. Gladstone said the figures so ably marshalled by Canon Godby had misled them. From that foundation he could prove his case perhaps, but nothing was so misleading as figures. The figures quoted from the Year-Book proved that either Melbourne or Gippsland needed more episcopal supervision — not the northern archdeaconries. The statistics as to confirmation had shown that there was an increase (per annum) of only 240 confirmees after fifteen years ; but the increase in the Archdeaconries of Bendigo and Beechworth was 486 — more than double the increase for the whole diocese. Since 1888, too, there had been a large increase in the communicants, and also in the number of churches built ; and if the rest of the diocese had gone down, they had gone up in their contributions to the B.M.F. They did not want another bishopric. They were satisfied with things as they were. There was, too, the emotional reason that Melbourne was the centre of the intellectual, spiritual, and social life of the whole colony, and they did not want to be cut off from that. Rev. R. C. N. Kelly said that in supporting the bill he did not stand anything like alone among the men of the north. And even if Bendigo were unanimous in its opposition, Bendigo was not the whole diocese, and the bill should be passed in spite of it. He deprecated the phrase 'thrust out' that had been used. Those in Melbourne did not want to thrust them out. The bill would make it possible to have a province, and then they might have the privilege of coming back to. Melbourne as representatives in the provincial Synod. It was not merely a question of the need of more supervision. A bishop was not a mere inspector; he should be a leader of the Church of God. Every bishop appointed affected the whole body corporate ; so it was a question of extending the kingdom of God. He would contradict the argument that the work could not be carried on without interfering with the efficiency of the already poverty- stricken clergy. It was not likely that the bishop would begin by cutting down their stipends. It was absurd to think the bishop's income would have to come out of the incomes of the poorer clergy. It had been said the endowment was not adequate; but nobody ever said it was, but only that what was proposed was sufficient basis to begin operations upon and collect further contribu tions. He hoped the bill would pass, as it would extend the work of God and His Church in Australia. Canon Potter said he had come to the debate not as an expert, but as an outsider prepared to learn; and the feeling the debate had produced on him was that there had been a lack of the spiritual sense in the arguments of the opponents of the bill. The financial aspect was, of course, important. No one with the spiritual sense would ignore it. But let them put their trust in God. The whole diocese was asked to divide itself, not for the purpose of isolation, but to come together again in a fuller, wider fellowship. To speak of 'thrusting out' showed an absolute incompetency to understand what the Church meant. Mr. W. T. C. Kelly thought the chances of promotion for the clergy in the north would be very remote if they were cut off. It was a dissolution of partnership, and there should be a fair division of the property of the partnership. They were legally and morally entitled, he thought, to one-third. What was the wealth of Bendiso compared with that of Melbourne? Besides, Melbourne had all that was necessary to carry out the duties connected with a diocese. There should be some self-denial to place the proposed diocese, if not on an equal footing with Melbourne, at least in some ways on a level with it. Canon Hindley said that if he had had any doubt, the speeches against the bill had convinced him abundantly in its favour. He understood and sympathised with the reluctance many had to cut themselves off from the life of the city, and he sympathised with the men who had done good work, and looked forward to work in a city parish; but he had no hesitation in saying that any man who had done good work in the Diocese of Bendigo would have as good a chance as he had at present. He felt guilty mentioning money after what Canon Potter had said, but it was necessary. Sufficient distinction had not been drawn between interest- earning assets and assets that were a source of expense. It was not the case that the division would be made at the expense of the clergy and readers. The appropriations had been made on the assumption that any reduction that might be necessary would not be made in the total amount to the clergy and readers. There might be a little loss to some, but a move of this kind could not be made without some sacrifice. St. Paul's, Bendigo, e.g., would have to pay its own curate, but that, he was sure, they would willingly do. Rev. B. C. N. Kelly had exactly expressed the facts of the case us to the adequacy of the proposed endowment. It was not adequate in one sense, but was sufficient for a beginning. Every parish would be endowed with a larger life, and with a larger life there would be a larger income. He was surprised to hear it said that the rich men in Bendigo were doing so little. If this were so after 25 years, it was time some new move was made to influence the rich men to give. He thought Bendigo might take out a patent, to be called the Bendigo patent brake on Church expansion. If the principle of their opponents were adopted, there would be no increase in the episcopate. There would have been no Dioceses of Truro, Newcastle, Ballarat, Melbourne, &c.; He should be sorry indeed if any dead stop were to come to the Church of England. In view of the reduction of their income from investments, he thought it might in the present instance be unwise to make the change immediately ; but he would vote for the second reading, and then in committee propose an alteration in clause 5. It might be desirable to make arrangements for the amalgamation of the Archdeaconries of Melbourne and Gippsland. He had come back from the General Synod a little humiliated when he found that in the far north Queensland had endowed a bishopric with £10,000, invested in English securities, giving an income of £200 a year. He implored them to move out of their miserable rut into a larger life. If they could not, for very shame let them change their name, for they were unworthy of the traditions of the Church of England. Rev. F. W. Willcox wished to deprecate certain statements about their being thrust out. Many of them were not opposed to the divi sion of the diocese, but they thought they should pause. Canon Godby had not been successful in Bendigo, and the country was not enthusiastic. They had to be educated, and their enthusiasm roused. They did not expect to be wholly endowed by Melbourne, but they were entitled to ask for their rights. He would ask the committee, before proceeding with the bill, to see if it was not possible to go from place to place and endeavour to obtain funds for the increase of the endowment. Rev. R. H. Potter was in favour of the second reading of the bill. At a Ruridecanal Chapter meeting at Bendigo, he had opposed a resolution which wanted to force a conclusion upon them, because he thought they should come to the Assembly unbiassed. The time for discussing details was when they went into committee. It was most important that the bishop should be able to visit the parishes, and at present it was impossible. Canon Godby in his visit to Bendigo had not brought forward the financial question, because it was not the time. Rev. F. Vanston said the vital question was not one of setting the north against the south, but of what the north was entitled to receive, and the south ought to give. In spite of what Rev. R. Kelly had said, he thought it was a question of whether the endowment was adequate. They should hasten slowly, and wait for further information. Rev. R. Leek said he was with the principle. They saw how the Church was crippled in the country for want of more episcopal supervision, but the proposal was wanting in foresight. If they made a Diocese of Bendigo and Beechworth now, it would only be a tem porary arrangement. There must ultimately be a further division, and provision should be made accordingly. It had been said that Trinity College was an asset of the whole diocese ; but was anything being done, in the case of the theological scholarships, to secure the rights of those who would be cut off ? The Chancellor said that with regard to Trinity College it was not diocesan, but the site was held under Crown grant for all members of the Church of England in the colony. But as to the scholarships, they depended on the terms made by those who made the bequests. If they made them to the diocese, the Assembly could in no way alter the dispositions of those who made them. Canon Godby, in reply, wished to refer to two points — (1) The Buridecanal Chapter of Kilmore had made certain propositions to the committee, which reached them in July. The committee was appointed not to consider the possibility or desirability of dividing the diocese, but to make the new diocese out of the two arch deaconries. (2) He also wished to make plain the process the bill had to go through. After the third reading they would have to go with it to the representatives of the north. If the north got something which Melbourne did not want, Melbourne must accept it; but if Melbourne got something which the north did not want, the north could reject it. The motion for the second reading was then put, and carried on the voices. The House then went into committee on the bill. In committee, Canon Watson moved that Sandhurst in clause 1 be altered to Bendigo. Canon Godby said that they had called it the Diocese of Sandhurst for two reasons — (1) Because there was still some tenderness for the old name; and (2) because Sandhurst implied a wider area than Bendigo. South Sandhurst was a constituency, so the name still had some official existence. Rev. G. Pennicott proposed that the name should be Beechworth and Sandhurst. Rev. E. H. Scott suggested that it should be called the Diocese of the Murray. Rev. B. W. Cooke proposed Bendigo and Beechworth. The President objected to the perpetuation of Bendigo more than was necessary. Sandhurst was the most respectable name. Archdeacon MacCullagh preferred Sandhurst, but there was the objection that there was a Roman Catholic bishop with that title. It was finally decided that it should be called the Diocese of Sandhurst and Beechworth. With reference to clause 5, Canon Hindley said if it were carried as it stood it would impose an impossible task on the Council of the Diocese. They would not be able to meet their engagements unless some saving were effected. He moved as an amendment the insertion of words to the effect that the Act shall not come into operation until the Council of the Diocese of Melbourne is of opinion the financial arrangements contained in the schedule can be carried out without unduly impairing the work of the Archdeaconries of Melbourne and Geelong and Gippsland. Rev. R. C. N. Kelly said that this would string up the bishopric until the Melbourne Diocesan Council saw fit to give it to them. Canon Hindley pointed out there were two sources of loss, in the reduction of income from investments and the diminution of the B.M.F., both of which were contingencies to be guarded against. The amendment was carried. In clause 6, Rev. E. H. Scott said that he thought it a matter of justice that Sandhurst should have an equal representation with Beechworth on the board for the election of the bishop. Rev. F. W. Willcox thought they should be allowed to choose their bishop without Melbourne's help. Rev. R. H. Potter opposed this. The Bishopric Board could be trusted. Rev. R. C. N. Kelly said he could not see any provision in the clause that the present Bishop should be a member of the board. Canon Godby thought there was, as the Bishop was the convener of the committee. It was finally decided, however, on the motion of Mr. Kelly, to insert the words 'the Bishop of Melbourne and' before 'the Bishopric Election Board, &c.;' Rev. R. C. N. Kelly thought it unwise to cut themselves off from the advice of the men of the south, but the whole board was too large. He suggested half the proposed board as sufficient. Archdeacon MacCullagh said the Bishopric Board consisted of the picked men of the diocese, and those nominated by the north could not have the same knowledge and influence. Was it fair that the latter should not have the opportunity of choosing for themselves? Rev. G. W. Carter pointed out that this was an argument for including the present board. Canon Godby agreed with this. These were the very men who knew most about other men in other dioceses. Besides, Melbourne had a distinct claim to a voice in the appointment of the bishop, as she was providing a portion of the funds. Canon Hindley deprecated any antagonism between north and south — they were all one. Archdeacon Langley thought some representation of Melbourne was fair. He agreed that the proposed committee was too large, but he thought one-third a fair proportion for Melbourne. The Chancellor said it was a mistake to say the south was finding the funds for the north. The whole diocese was finding the funds for a part. The main thing was to get the best man, and for that they wanted the best minds. He thought the whole diocese might be represented by six, and those specially interested by six. Archdeacon MacCullagh suggested that instead of six Melbourne representatives there should be the two Archdeacons, the Chancellor, and the Registrar. After further consideration it was decided to cut down the proposed committee by half, so that there should be six representatives from each of the Archdeaconries of Beechworth and Sandhurst (three clerical and three lay), and six representatives from the Bishopric Election Board of Melbourne. No casting vote was given to the Bishop, as it was thought that the appointment of a bishop was too important to rest on a casting vote. In clause 9, which provides that the income of the bishop should be made up to £800 if necessary from the amount received from the rental of St. James's lands, Rev. E. H. Scott moved an amendment to the effect that it should be made up instead by a first charge on the wealthier parishes. Canon Godby objected that this would make a charge on six parishes only, and also he did not think they could legislate for the funds of the new diocese. It would defeat the whole bill. Canon Hindley said the amendment dictated to the new diocese how to allocate its funds. The amendment was negatived. In clause 15, Rev. G. W. Carter moved the omission of the words referring to the eligibility of clerks to charges in the Diocese of Melbourne, as he did not think this would be any benefit to the clergy. Quite apart from the provision, the Bishop of Melbourne had the privilege of asking men in another diocese. Nor was it in the interests of the new diocese. Archdeacon MacCullagh supported this. Archdeacon Langley said that the words made it clear that the objection could never be raised in future that men were cut off from the Melbourne Diocese. Rev. R. C. N. Kelly wished the provision could be made reciprocal. If it were, then when there was a province there would be the same feeling also with Ballarat. The amendment was withdrawn. After further consideration, this clause was amended to provide that not only the present clergy, but any in the future, should be eligible for appointments in the old diocese, and have their rights secured under the provident funds of the old and new dioceses. An addition was also made to the clause, on the motion of Dr. Leeper, to secure, so far as was possible, that theological students in the new diocese should have the same advantages as now in respect of theological scholarships. On section 1 of the Second Schedule, Rev. H. Finter said it was the opinion of many that on this the whole question turned. He claimed that the feeling of generosity should be extended a little more. If it were, he would offer no opposition whatever. He asked for a third of the net rental instead of a quarter. It was said that they had wealth, but it was spent in Melbourne. It was important, too, that there should be no bitter feeling during their first few years of struggle. In Ballarat the bitterness of the parting had continued for twenty years. Rev. G. W. Carter said the majority of the Beechworth Arch deaconry were satisfied with the 25 per cent. Canon Hindley hoped members would not be moved by the threat that the bill would be thrown out unless one-third were given. A change of this kind would need careful consideration. This was the crux. If they voted for the amendment it would throw out the bill, as they would be asking for what was impossible. If the same principle were to be extended to future possible dioceses, where would the old diocese come in ? Rev. G. Gladstone said they should only consider present possibili ties. He thought that the proposal to give one-third was practicable. The Chancellor was sorry to think that good feeling could be thought of being purchased with Church funds. They had to determine what was fair. They had inquired what was proposed in the past, and what had been considered fair by each, and they were prepared to give that, and a good sum in addition. Mr. W. T. C. Kelly supported Mr. Finter. Any sacrifice that had to be made should be made by Melbourne. Canon Godby said they had at last been told what those in the north wanted — i.e., one-third of the rental from St. James's lands practically for ever. Let them consider the enormous size of the demand. They might possibly give one-third until one-fourth would be equal to what one-third was now, but then the other proviso for help from the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund would have to come out. Rev. E. H. Scott said they would be still leaving the £55,000 of the Consolidated Fund for Melbourne. Canon Hindley said £55,000 on paper was one thing, but things were not always what they seemed. One-third could not be given. The amendment was rejected. Section 2 of the Second Schedule, which had reference to the ' Hastie Bequest,' was then agreed to. The income was stated to be £201, the principal sum being £6300. In section 3, Schedule 2, Archdeacon MacCullagh wished to see the time extended from ten years to fifteen years. He did not think it a grievous burden to allow five years longer. Canon Hindley felt inclined to support this. He suggested as an amendment that for each year after the tenth year there should be diminution of one-fourth, to let them down as lightly as possible. Archdeacon MacCullagh was willing to accept this. Rev. T. Quinton thought it would injure the B.M.F. to ask people to give to the new diocese after ten years. Judge Molesworth suggested that it would be better to give a percentage out of the Consolidated Fund. It would in any case be less of an injury to the B.M.F. if the time were shorter. Rev. H. Finter proposed that it read, ' A sum equivalent to 20 per cent., and thence decreasing, be paid from the Consolidated Fund.' Hon. F. S. Grimwade said to interfere with the Consolidated Fund would be to raise fresh ground altogether. He believed the rental from St. James's lands would increase within the ten years. He hoped the section would not be altered. Rev. E. H. Scott said that no rents fell in for about thirteen years. The pinch would be felt after the ten years. Canon Hindley thought the extension could be made by theB.M.F., but not by the Consolidated Fund. Canon Hindley's amendment was then carried. Section 4, Schedule 2. — Archdeacon MacCullagh said this was worth very little. He asked why the All Saints', Sandhurst, debt was left out. The Registrar said that section 1 of the schedule gave a first charge on the Consolidated Fund. One of the assets of the fund was this debt. They were not prepared to give up the capital, from which they were obtaining income. Rev. R. C. N. Kelly was not sure that it could be equitably trans ferred. The contract between All Saints' and the trustees of the Consolidated Fund should be kept. Canon Hindley said that the All Saints' debt could not be included. Rev. R. C. N. Kelly said that the result of the loan to All Saints' had enabled them to make a profitable investment, which would be an enormous benefit to the new diocese. The Hon. F. S. Grimwade said many of the debts were not of much value at present, but after good seasons perhaps would be paid. Canon Hindley said the debts depended largely on the clergy there. Some of them, he felt sure, could, and would, be paid. The section was then passed without amendment, and the bill was reported to the Assembly. On the motion of the Rev. R. C. N. Kelly and Archdeacon Langley, the bill was recommitted with the view of amending clause 5, so as to transfer the discretionary power of determining when the Act should come into operation from the Council in Melbourne to the authorities of the new diocese, and reconsidering the amendment of clause 3 of the Second Schedule. On Mr. Kelly's proposed amendment, Canon Hindley said the Council of the Diocese of Melbourne stood to all funds as treasurer and trustee. It had been proposed to take away part of their income, but so far they had never been consulted as to whether it could be done. The Council should not, perhaps, say when the Act was. to come into force, but he thought it should say when it could find the money. The Chancellor understood that the new diocese committee had considered what could be afforded. If not, he did not understand where they were. Canon Godby could not understand what Canon Hindley meant. The committee had been formed for considering this very thing, and they were satisfied that the Council could provide what was required under the bill within a reasonable time. Rev. R. C. N. Kelly pointed out that nothing in the clause deprived the Bishop from consulting his Council. Ultimately the principle of Canon Hindley's original amendment of clause 5 was retained, but the reference to the Archdeaconries of Melbourne and Geelong and Gippsland was omitted. Archdeacon Langley regretted the change that had been made in the third clause of the Second Schedule with regard to contributions from the B.M.F. He thought it a great mistake to hang round the diocese such a burden for more than ten years. It would injure not only Melbourne, but also the new diocese, which would suffer with them. Rev. H. Finter agreed with this. Since the surplus from the Consolidated Fund, if there were any, was given to the B.M.F., why not make the clause so run as to leave it with the Council to allot the money from the former fund, and omit all reference to the B.M.F.? Hon. F. S. Grimwade thought this would be foolish. He did not think the B.M.F. would suffer. Rev. T. B. Tress thought the difficulty imaginary. People would not refuse to help the B.M.F. if it was to help a new diocese. The Chancellor thought the schedule as amended should stand. He could not understand how what would happen eleven years hence would make any difference now. It seemed to him a wise provision that the contribution should gradually, and not suddenly, cease. It was finally decided to keep the section as originally amended. The bill was then passed through its remaining stages. Archdeacon Langley moved : That this Assembly desires to place on record its high appreciation of the earnest, careful, and wise manner in which Canon Godby has brought the proposal for the formation of a new diocese before the Assembly, and its sense of his courtesy and patience in the conduct of the bill through all its stages. He said that the new diocese committee had passed a unanimous resolution to this effect. They knew what Canon Godby had done. They had been ready to follow his lead, and he had led them to a great consummation. They had reason, therefore, to thank him for the enormous amount of labour and attention he had given to the matter. If it had not been for him they would not be in the position they were then. The President said he sympathised with every word of the resolu tion, and hoped it would be carried with acclamation. The motion was then put and carried with acclamation. Canon Godby, in thanking the Assembly, said he felt the honour they had conferred upon him was exceptional. He was aware that when he was asked, two years ago, to take the first step by the Ruridecanal Chapter of East Melbourne it would be no easy task. But he hoped that if ever he were called upon to work again for the Church, the record would be the four words in the resolution which he specially valued, which spoke of earnestness and carefulness, courtesy and patience. He looked upon this vote of thanks as the highest honour he could receive from them. PROVIDENT FUND BILL. A bill to provide for clerks who shall be superannuated or incapaci tated, and for the widows and families of clerks deceased, having been read a first time, Canon Watson, in moving the second reading, called attention to some of the circumstances which had led up to the bill. In February, 1862, resolutions were passed to provide for the super annuation of the clergy and for their widows and orphans. The provision then made was found to be insufficient, so in 1878 a bill was brought in by Canon Perks and passed, increasing the allowances. This was the Clergy Widow and Orphans' Fund. In 1877 provision was also made for the clergy alone by a fund known as the Capitalised Superannuation Fund. It was found, however, that this fund was faulty, so in 1882 the present Superannuation Fund was passed, and had been amended in some ways since; but it had been felt that a. large number of the clergy were not interested in either of these funds, and they were not on a sufficiently sound basis, and the number of subscribing clergy was less than a third of the whole number. Some provision needed to be made, therefore, for this large number uninterested, and a committee with this object was appointed. There had been great difficulties, however. Two things were necessary if the fund was to accomplish its purpose— (1) It must be financially sound ; (2) it was necessary that the fund should be made for the whole of the clergy of the diocese. In order to secure this, every clergyman would have to be compelled to become a member. In Ballarat this had been tried for fifteen years without any difficulty. There were three funds in existence with which it was necessary to deal— (1) The Capitalised Superannuation Fund — but it was impossible to use this for the new fund at present, as certain persons had claims upon it; (2) the Clergy Widow and Orphans' Fund, in which not only the Diocese of Melbourne had a large interest, but the Diocese of Ballarat also, and it was not possible to use this in aid of the proposed new Provident Fund till all claims had been met, and some arrangement come to with Ballarat; and (3) the Superannuation Fund, which might be made use of in connection with the proposed scheme. In order that they might be able to take over this fund, it was necessary to guarantee existing subscribers. To do this, clause 10 proposed that they should ask for certain revenues from St. James's lands to form the basis of the new fund, together with collections and subscriptions. The bill proposed that after ten years pensions of £5 should be given for every year of subscription up to 30 years to superannuated clerks, £2 10s. a year to widows for every year of their husbands' subscriptions up to £50, and £8 a year for each child up to sixteen years. The subscriptions would be according to age, as set forth in Schedule B. These amounts might seem large, but they were to be reduced thus : — (1) By church collections ; (2) donations. These were to be pooled and thrown into one fund, and the full amount to be deducted from the contributions of clerks. Much would, therefore, depend on the church collections and subscriptions. There were many advantages from this plan. It secured a safe income for all, and ultimately secured the inclusion of all the clergy. The bill itself provided that every third year there should be an investigation, after which, if necessary, the contributions might be reduced. He would ask the House to consider the principle of the bill, and accept its main provisions. There had been no provision for admissions of subscribers to the Superannuation Fund for some years, so that he hoped this would be carried. Rev. C. P. Thomas seconded the motion. He said all were agreed that some provision was necessary ; nor was it only the clergy that were concerned, but the laity also, as if there was no provision for their clergy they would have to come on the parish. It was a matter, therefore, of importance to the whole Church. The fourth clause conserved all existing rights. Subscribers to the old Act would never have to pay more than £4 4s., and sometimes less. Clause 15 was important as providing the method of providing subscriptions. There were 114 clerks between the ages of 23 and 60 ; the average was 38 years. The average sum required from each would be £21 16s., the pool being £2485. This would make the amount required from these clerks, which would be made up by collections and donations, and the clergy would have to make up the rest of the pool. They could not tell what the collections and donations would be, so they would have to go blind. The great argument in favour of this proposal was that it would throw the responsibility upon the clergy. It was said also to be the only method approaching actuarial accuracy. The compulsory clause was necessary. The proposed new clause could be called an assisted insurance clause. This system had been adopted in other dioceses. Some might not be able to join the fund because they had already insured their lives on small stipends. These would get the full benefit of the dividends from collections and donations. He had no personal interest in the scheme, but had spent a great deal of time in working it out in all its bearings, and in his opinion it was the best in all Australia, and he was sure it would work most satisfactorily. Canon Dickinson said that as his own interests were sufficiently guarded he could speak more readily than some. He saw a difficulty as to appropriating the Superannuation Fund at once. The Super annuation Fund had entirely failed. What, therefore, would become of this fund if that were put into it ? Canon Hindley said that the fund could not become insolvent. On the general question he pointed out that the bill did not compel any clerk licensed to-day to join, but every clerk licensed in the future. The Act in 1882 provided that there should be a given sum from the clergy, with certain subscriptions and donations. They had been informed that in order to safely promise certain benefits, a given premium must be secured. There were two methods — (1) In Sydney £11 11s. was required from all sources for the Superannuation Fund — £5 from the clergy and £6 from the parishes. With the rich parishes there was no difficulty, but with the poor there might be some difficulty — so they said (2) that the rich should help the poor. So they pooled the whole. It would be a splendid thing for the clergy, especially the younger ones. It would help them to be provident. Hon. F. S. Grimwade wished they had been given a few more figures. The best thing they could do, however, was to pass the bill, as they were assured of its actuarial accuracy. The only question, to his mind, was whether it would not have been better to capitalise the Superannuation Fund, and to arrange with some insurance society to insure the lives of all the clergy. Rev. H. J. Howell hoped the Assembly would give careful thought to the bill and pass it. He disagreed with Mr. Grimwade. They had had an expert committee, and could rely on them. He would like to see a merciful clause to secure a rest for clergy who had worked for 20 years if doctors certified that they were in need of it. It was of vital importance that the whole question should be settled. Canon Watson said, in reply to Mr. Grimwade, that inquiries had been made from insurance societies, and it was found that they would not entertain the proposition. The second reading was then carried unanimously. The bill was then committed. In committee, the Chancellor wished to see clause 4 amended so as to secure that while existing rights were made a first charge on the fund, all administration of the fund should not meanwhile come to a standstill. It should be allowed to go on till the Board was satisfied that all claims were fully secured. On clause 9, Canon Dickinson pointed out that the drawers-up of the bill were careful not to allow risky investments. He suggested that on the same principle they should not allow investments vaguely on 'real property,' but on 'first mortgages on real property.' This suggestion was accepted. Rev. E. G. Veal thought it hardly right that collections should be made in the readers' districts when they derived no benefit. Canon Watson replied that the collections were made in their own interests, as they were all candidates for orders. Canon Hindley said readers got no benefits till they were licensed. Archdeacon Langley said this question affected the ultimate soundness of the position of the fund. It was very hard to make a rule which would apply to one and not to another. Rev. W. C. Sadlier moved an amendment in clause 12 to the effect that the fourth Sunday after Easter be substituted for the fifth Sunday in Lent, as the latter season was not suitable. Rev. E. A. Crawford agreed that the Sunday should be altered, especially if appeals were to be made. This amendment was carried. Rev. T. B. Tress advised caution with regard to clause 13 — the compulsory clause. This clause in the Sydney Act had not acted at all well, so that an attempt had been made to do away with it, which, however, did not succeed. ? And how were they going to deal with the man who might pay once to get his license and refuse to pay any more ? Canon Watson said they had given a great deal of consideration to this clause, and thought it essential if the fund was to be for the whole diocese. It had been in existence in some dioceses. There had been no difficulty in Ballarat for fifteen years. Rev. W. C. Sadfier thought the requirement to subscribe by June 30th too near to the Trinity ordination. This was afterwards changed to 'within six months.' Rev. H. J. Howell moved an amendment in clause 14, providing that a satisfactory report of the state of health of a clerk wishing to become a subscriber should be given. Canon Watson said the feeling was that opportunity should be given to all the clergy to become beneficiaries under the Act. This amendment might deprive them of this. The amendment was rejected. Mr. Stock proposed the insertion of ' providing he still hold the Bishop's license.' Canon Godby said there might be a new diocese in 1902, in which many would not hold the Bishop's license, but to whom they had given special privileges. He also asked how the clause providing for the deduction of the subscription to the fund, if necessary, by the churchwardens or guardians could be enforced. Canon Hindley said this had been grappled with in other dioceses. Every clerk licensed entered into a covenant, and every vestry made a declaration to abide by the Acts of the Assembly. Rev. C. P. Thomas said it was an effective way of making the clause compulsory. In clause 20, Rev. H. J. Howell wished to see a discretionary clause, that a man attaining 65 might apply to the board for an allowance. ; Canon Watson said this would imperil the financial prospects of the fund. He sympathised with the proposal, but it was not possible at present. Rev. C. P. Thomas said it was 65 in the old bill, but an actuary had said that the subscriptions would have to be on a two-thirds larger scale. Rev. H. J. Howell said that the benevolence of parishes would be on a much larger scale with this popular measure. Canon Hindley said it would utterly destroy the bill. Rev. H. J. Howell wished to insert a clause allowing leave of absence. It was in the Sydney Act, and had been adopted in Ballarat. Rev. W. Green said this had been fully considered, and not thought advisable. Rev. C. P. Thomas said it would be impossible, as many more would make claims. The Registrar hoped the committee would not allow the financial arrangements of the bill to be upset. The bill was then passed through its remaining stages. THE DETERMINATIONS OF THE GENERAL SYNOD. The Registrar moved — 'That Determination No. 1, 1900, of the General Synod of the Dioceses of Australia and Tasmania, intituled 'Amended Rules for the Election of Primate,' be accepted by this Assembly on behalf of the Church of England in the Diocese of Melbourne.' He reminded them that all the determinations of the General Synod had been passed by the Assembly since it had been established. This determination provided for the election of primate. A determination with regard to bishops and primates was passed in 1872\. It gave dioceses the right to elect their bishop, and gave bishops the right to elect the primate, and this was the law till 1881. Then a new determination provided for other methods. One was the nomination of three clergymen by the Sydney Diocesan Synod ; two of these were nominated by the bishops of the province of New South Wales, and the Bishops of Australia and Tasmania selected one of the two to be Bishop of Sydney, Metropolitan of New South Wales, and Primate of Australia. The second method was a system of delegation. The next primate after Bishop Barker was Bishop Barry. The system of delegation as adopted at that election did not give satisfaction. When the present Primate was elected the alternative system was adopted, and the bishops felt they had not had the voice they should have had in the election of a primate. In 1891, therefore, another determination was passed, but was declined by the Sydney Diocesan Synod, so the law of 1881 remained in force till the last meeting of the General Synod. In 1896 a committee was appointed to consider the question and report. It had done so, with the result that the determination now before the Assembly had been adopted by the General Synod. It gave Sydney the right of electing its own bishop, and gave to the Bishops of Australia and Tasmania the right of electing their own primate. Judge Molesworth advised caution. Once it was passed they could not alter it. The determinations should have been submitted to the Bishop-in-Council, so that they could have had a chance of advising in the matter. Archdeacon Langley said no one was asked to pass the resolution blindfold. It would be an impertinence to hand back the question to the Council. It would be entirely unconstitutional. Dr. Leeper said it should not be postponed. The Primacy might become vacant, before next General Synod, and then Sydney would practically elect for perhaps 30 or 40 years. Hon. T. C. Harwood said it would be a most extraordinary thing to postpone it. It would amount to a vote of censure on their twelve representatives. Rev. H. Finter asked whether (1) these determinations became laws directly the dioceses accepted them, or {2) not until they were referred back to the General Synod. If when the dioceses accepted them, obviously they should pass this at once; but if not, it might be postponed. The Registrar said they became operative in every diocese as soon as its Synod accepted them. Rev. R. C. N. Kelly thought it was an advance on the previous method, and should be adopted. The Registrar pointed out that Sydney had adopted it. The motion was then carried. The Registrar moved—' That Determination No. 2, 1900, of the said Synod, intituled 'Rule to Provide for the Election of the Bishop of New Guinea,' be accepted by this Assembly on behalf of the Church of England in the Diocese of Melbourne.' Carried. The Registrar moved — 'That Determination No. 3, 1900, of the said Synod, intituled 'Rules to Provide for an Addition to the Constitution of the General Synod,' be accepted by this Assembly on behalf of the Church of England in the Diocese of Melbourne.' Carried. The Registrar moved — ' That Determination No. 4, 1900, of the said Synod, intituled 'Rule for the Formation of New Dioceses in Australia and Tasmania,' be accepted by this Assembly on behalf of the Church of England in the Diocese of Melbourne.' Carried. The Registrar moved — ' That Determination No. 5, 1900, of the said, Synod, intituled 'Amended Rules for the Establishment of a College of Theology, and for the Granting of Certificates by the same,' be accepted by this Assembly on behalf of the Church of England in the Diocese of Melbourne.' Carried. THE LEGISLATIVE POWERS OF THE GENERAL SYNOD. Dr. Leeper moved — 'That in the opinion of this Assembly it is desirable that the legislative powers of the General Synod of the Church of England in Australia and Tasmania should be enlarged.' He said that a motion had been carried at the General Synod to the effect that the Synods of the various dioceses in Australia should be invited to express an opinion as to whether the legislative powers of the General Synod should be enlarged. Bishop Webber had first moved in the matter in the General Synod, but it was finally decided to refer it to the Diocesan Synods. He hoped the question would be discussed fully, and without party spirit, as it was of immense importance. The year before it had been introduced in a very able and statesmanlike speech, but the discussion had roused party feeling, and was stopped. The present state of things was not satisfactory. The General Synod carried 'determinations' which were too often feeble, and must be accepted by all. The result would be a lack of interest in the General Synod, as was seen by the apathy over the elections. Several dioceses were hardly represented by resident representatives at all. The serious danger would be an inevitable disruption of Church organisation in Australia. He challenged the clergy to name any precedent for the present state of things. In the Church of Ireland, the decisions of the provincial Synods had not to be approved by the various dioceses. In America they had the General Convention of the Protestant Episcopal Church, to which Australia had nothing to correspond. Through the whole course of the history of the Church of England there was no case of a Council requiring the consent of dioceses to its decisions. It was unsound, unreasonable; illogical. To use a fair analogy, how it would crush the Federal Parliament if every Act had to be carted round to every colony before it became the force of law? The opposition to this showed a want of trust in their fellow-Churchmen. There had been only one objection raised — viz., that it would bring in the danger of a Pope, a Protestant Hildebrand. But Bishop Webber's proposition did not attempt to encroach on the functions of Diocesan Synods, but only to provide for matters which concerned the Church as a whole; and there would be necessary safeguards, of course. The American Convention provided that no measure could have the force of law till it had been passed by two consecutive Synods. Perhaps the best way to deal with the question would be to refer it to a committee, though he hoped it would be fully discussed. They ought to be able to go to the next General Synod and speak with no uncertain voice. If things continued as at present, the General Synod would soon cease to be worth considering as a Councilat all. Hon. T. C. Harwood seconded the resolution. He endorsed all the mover had said. Anyone who had seen the General Synod, he should have thought, would have seen the necessity of some such proposal. The fact that they had not thrown out any determination proved that this diocese was ready to pass anything in the interests of the Church. The General Synod did not wish for absolute power over all that concerned the Church ; but at present it was little better than a debating society. There was no danger in passing the resolution. If the General Synod passed a determination increasing its legislative powers, then the Assembly still had the remedy in its own hands. No harm could be done, and perhaps a large amount of good. It was absurd that the General Synod should have no effective power. Archdeacon Langley said his impression was that the division on the question in the General Synod would have been so close that, if it had been carried, nothing could have been done with so small a majority. The representatives of other dioceses were not united on the question. The present system, they had been told, made the General Synod merely a debating society, but under its determinations most elections were regulated. No practical difficulty had ever arisen. The existing system maintained the independence of Diocesan Synods, and also preserved their liberty and unity. Being, as he was, a Protestant Catholic, and a true Catholic because a Protestant, he felt it impossible to touch upon this without raising questions which were at issue all over the world. It was through the use that had been made of the National Synods in the medimval Church that the Papacy had come. Certain men had dominated them. And this was still possible. They did not want another Hildebrand. They had been told they did not trust their brethren ; but they were not prepared to trust the liberties of the Church in Australia to any 120 men who met in Sydney. How could they do it ? There were some dioceses in Australia where such as he was could hardly get a living. He judged men by their acts, and the whole course of things had made him distrustful. It was because laymen would not fight for their rights and liberties that such a narrow course had been adopted in certain dioceses in Australia. The Church in America had not adopted the system altogether. The Church in Canada had refused to do so, and Nova Scotia was in the same position. Some in Canada took exactly the same position he took. He was exceedingly afraid that they would want to revise the Prayer-Book, and he thought that a dangerous thing to do. Then again, were they prepared to hand over the exclusion or rejection of certain missionary societies to the General Synod? In the past men had not seen where they were going till the trouble had come, and it might be the same now. They were united at present, but if in the future a Hildebrand were to arise and dominate them, it would bring grave disunion. Canon Godby asked the Assembly to think what the position of the Church in Australia was in regard to its government. They met in Assembly as representatives of the parishes ; then they would also meet there as representatives of the three dioceses in a provincial Synod ; then again there was the General Synod, which included representatives from all the dioceses. The pyramid was a perfect one— the General Synod was the apex ; but at present they were standing on their apex. The decisions of the General Synod had to be sent down not even to the middle, but to the lower House. Such a state of things would be laughed at in the Federal Government as madness. It was Australia that had given the first impetus to the Church to go back to the old principle of government by synods, which had fallen into abeyance for a long time. History told them that the Church had a free hand to organise herself as she pleased. When it was first proposed to revive the old principle, it was only understood by a few ; but now the Church was organised. Bishop Tyrell had persuaded his brother bishops to go a long way to meet him, but he could not persuade them to go the whole way. The representatives who were sent bound themselves to accept no constitu tion that did not provide for the assent of the diocesan Synods. It was, though not perfect, the nearest thing the bishops could then get to Church government. To show the working of the present system, if the proposal in the General Synod to change the name of the Church to the Church of Australia had been adopted, and five dioceses had accepted it, those five dioceses would have ceased to belong to the Church of England. Again, the Bishop of New Guinea had no seat in the General Synod. A determination was passed giving him a seat, but he could not take a seat till the diocesan Synods had passed it. It was an extraordinary interpretation of history to say the establishment of the Papacy had come about through the Councils. They were rather the safeguards against a Hildebrand. It had been argued that no determinations had been rejected by them, but that was because they had to confine them selves to such safe subjects. If they were going to keep the General Synod feeble, it would not go on. It was only a matter of time before it would not be cared about at all. Archdeacon Langley was afraid there would be an alteration in the Prayer-Book, but he did not think they need fear that. The declaration put it out of the power of the General Synod. Canon Hindley agreed with Canon Godby and Dr. Leeper, but advised caution. He disagreed as to the amount of inconvenience which the want of power of the General Synod caused. There was no urgency at the present time, so he would ask for a committee. Bishop Jewel,- in his answer to the question why the Church of England was not represented at the Council of Trent, reminded his opponents that Calvary was the result of a Church Council. The Councils had supported every heresy. In the struggles for power of metropolitan against metropolitan, the Councils had opposed the usurpation of the Pope, but presently they turned round and supported the claims of the Church of Rome. There was another reason for caution. The constitution of the General Synod was not such as to command his confidence. As at present constituted, the Diocesea of Queensland had far more power than those of Victoria, and Perth had as much as Melbourne. The constitution should therefore be considered first. He moved that a committee be appointed to con sider and report on the question, and the committee consist of Arch deacon Langley, Rev. D. M. Berry, Rev. C. H. Barnes, Canon Potter, Rev. R. Stephen, Rev. J. S. Hart, and the mover. This amendment was carried. CONGRATULATIONS TO THE BISHOP. The Dean moved — ' That this Assembly desire heartily to con gratulate the Bishop on his return to the Presidential chair, his absence from which last year was the subject of universal regret, and trust that he may long continue in the direction of their deliberations, and in the exercise of an Episcopate in which he has earned the confidence and affection of clergy and laity. They would add their sincere regret for the illness of Mrs. Goe, to whose labours and hospitality the diocese owes so much, and their earnest prayer for her speedy restoration to health and strength.' He said he was sure he voiced the universal thought of all the Assembly in moving this. Last Assembly it was made plain that the Bishop's illness, and afterwards his convalescence, had increased their deep and strong attachment to the Bishop. It might seem late in the day to move the resolution, but it was the first meeting of the Assembly since, and he felt it would be wronging the Bishop and themselves if they did not hasten to express their feelings. All regretted profoundly the illness of Mrs. Goe. There had been no better or wiser helper to a Bishop than she had been. The motion was carried with acclamation, and standing. The President scarcely knew how to express the sentiments he felt. His feeling was one of affectionate gratitude for the words of the Dean, and the manner in which they had been received. The Dean had been most kind in supplying his place, and had lent force and dignity to his position as chairman. What the Dean had said with reference to Mrs. Goe was perfectly true. It was not possible to imagine a wiser and better helper than she had been. He thanked them for the kind wish that she might be restored to health and strength, and hoped they would continue to pray for him, that he might work for the glory of God and the welfare of His Church as long as he occupied his present position. SYMPATHY WITH THE RELATIVES OF CANON HANDFIELD. The Dean moved — ' That this Assembly desire respectfully to ask the Bishop to convey to the relatives of the late Canon Handfield their sincere regret for the loss to the diocese of so eminent a clergyman, and their sense of the great value of the services which, during an incumbency the longest on record in the colony, he has rendered to the Church.' He said it specially became him to move this as the oldest friend of Canon Handfield in the colony. He had had special opportunities of observing the greatness of his gifts and the sweetness of his disposition. He had been appointed when very young to the second most important charge in the diocese, which he held for 46 years, with the respect of the parishioners and the confidence of his Bishop. He had been one of the weightiest speakers in the Assembly. He had been trustee of Trinity College, and had been on the Bishopric Board and the Diocesan Council, besides holding many other offices. No man had rendered more valuable unpaid services to the diocese than Canon Handfield. A great Churchman had been lost to the Church. Archdeacon Langley had great pleasure in seconding the motion. He had known Canon Handfield for more than 22 years, and had more than known — he had loved him. He was the fairest man he ever knew. There was no man he had loved more. The President said it said a great deal for a clergyman's character that he had won such strong and beautiful sentiments of affection as those they had just heard. He hoped that the resolution would be passed unanimously, and standing. This was accordingly done. THE WORK OF THE CHURCH IN PAROCHIAL AND READERS' DISTRICTS. Rev. Reginald Stephen moved — ' That this Assembly is of opinion that an effort should be made to centralise the work of the Church in parochial and readers' districts.' He said he would have been glad if someone else with practical experience had taken the matter up ; but he felt it ought to be discussed. According to the present system there were a large number of districts, to each of which one man was sent. Readers were often left absolutely alone, without co-operation or help. with perhaps a visit from the archdeacon every three months. It could not be called a perfect system. It failed in two ways — (1) It was opposed to the general principle of all organisation — viz., of working from strong centres. In war, e.g., troops were not sent out in isolated bodies, but in strong columns, in close touch with the main body. The principle of strong centres had been advocated by Arch bishop Benson in foreign missionary work, and it was true also of home work. (2) There was a lack of training and adequate super vision in the present system. Men full of enthusiasm and willing to work hard were sent out ; but the work was often most difficult, and they were inexperienced, and had to find out the best methods for themselves. It seemed cruel and wasteful, both to the people and to the man himself. (3) As Churchmen he supposed they believed in the value and necessity of sacramental grace. But readers were sent out without the grace of Holy Orders, and were only able to receive Holy Communion about once in three months. They needed the Bread of Life more frequently. (4) Every year a Quiet Day for clergy was held at Trinity College, but many of the country clergy could not attend. Could not the authorities provide something of the kind for them ? It would help to raise their spiritual tone. The special temptations of the clergy were to slothfulness and worldliness, and there was greater temptation to those who were isolated. He would like to make two suggestions in the way of remedy — (1) In Queensland the experiment of a bush brotherhood had been tried. There were six clergy and one layman who supplied the ministrations of the Church to the Mitchell dis trict, an area of 200 miles by 200 miles, at a cost of £760. The principle was that some should always be at home, and some always away visiting in the district. A month was spent by each at home. Devotional meetings were held every day. It might be said this was impossible here on account of the distances, but the distances in Queensland were greater. It was not necessary for each township to have its own minister. This system had been extended to other dioceses. Its success, however, depended largely on the man at its head. Then (2) why should not some districts be grouped together round a centre? Round Castlemaine there were four readers' districts within a radius of fifteen miles, and at Bairnsdale there were three districts which could be so worked. It was not a revolution he suggested. Canon Tucker had done something of the kind in the north-east, and Mr. Sandiford in Gippsland. Then there was Perry Hall, where the result had been admirable. The advantages were obvious. If it could only be tried in two or three places they would get men trained, and so there would be more work, and it would be better done. Rev. W. C. Sadlier seconded the resolution. He agreed with the principle advocated, though not necessarily with everything that had been said. Perry Hall had taught him that this was a sound system, and it was matter of grave regret that it had come to an end. It had been a practical success. There was an indefinable benefit to be derived from the sympathy they could have with one another, and the guidance the men could have in reading and parochial work. Nor would it interfere with the archdeacons; they were already overworked, and the parochial clergy had some claim on them. There were three ways of obtaining Holy Orders at present — (1) There was Trinity College; this was the normal way. (2) There was the way of the readers ; but were they going to allow their young men to grow up apart from good influences and living in isolation? (3) Then young men passed through the Grammar School and the University, and then went through the readers' course, or were sent to another colony because they were not in sympathy with Trinity College. They should, he believed, have all schools of thought represented in the teaching body. If necessary, let them have fewer districts. He firmly believed that if they were to produce thereby a certain class of missionary clergy they might lose temporarily, but they would gain very much ultimately. There were new problems to be faced, and they wanted a class of clergy who could deal with them not as faddists, but as ministers of God and His Church. Rev. W. Parkes could not agree that the isolation of the country was injurious. It was true that many readers went out untrained, but he suggested that the archdeacons should teach them about the services, and how to keep the proportion of faith. He took exception to the statement that their energy was wasted and their enthusiasm killed in the country. He thought sufficient was done for the spiritual life of the readers by the archdeacons. He did not see how the present system could be improved under the circumstances. The President was thankful for the way the subject had been dealt with. There had been a great improvement during the last few years. He thought the suggestions that had been made well worthy of consideration. There had rarely been a more interesting or profitable discussion in the Assembly. The motion was agreed to. ECCLESIASTICAL OFFENCES. Mr. W. West moved—' (1) That in the opinion of this Assembly it is desirable that such an amendment should be made in our Church laws as would secure to ministers of parochial districts the same right of trial for ecclesiastical offences as is now possessed by incumbents of parishes ; and contingent on the passing of the above, (2) That the Bishop-in-Council be requested to bring in a bill at the next session of this Assembly in order to give effect to the foregoing resolution.' He said that as a new member he spoke with some diffidence. The matter required serious attention. At present incumbents of parishes occupied a different position to readers and ministers of parochial districts. There was a different law for each. If an incumbent was guilty of an ecclesiastical offence, a formal charge had first to be made, and then he could be tried under the Ecclesiastical Offences Act. He was thus secured a fair, impartial trial. But if a parochial minister committed an offence he was not secured this trial. His license was revocable at the will of the Bishop. Such power should not be given to any one man. He was practically prosecutor, judge, and jury. No doubt the power had been used rightly, but nobody was infallible. Such a state of things should not exist unless . there were strong reasons to justify it, and were there such reasons ? According to the present system a parish was held to be superior to a parochial district. Even supposing it were, would this justify a different treatment ? But in what did the superiority consist ? In a larger stipend, or abler clergymen, or a more important position? There were 68 parishes with stipends between £150 and £200. There were about 90 parochial districts. In some the stipends reached £325. In 29 districts the average was £235 ; in 60 parochial districts the amount averaged £200. So that from this point of view there was nothing very superior about the parishes. Did the superiority consist in the greater ability of the clergy then ? But there were experienced men in both sections. All were on a level as priests of the Church of England ; therefore all were entitled to the same treatment. There were 190 men and only 68 parishes, so that it followed that many must remain in parochial districts permanently. It was an elementary principle of British justice that no one should be condemned unless the offence had been proved. This should be the law for all equally, whether they had attained to a certain position or not. No other Church but their own had such a law. It was a serious blot on their system of Church government. Mr. Rosier seconded the resolution. The Dean opposed the motion. There was a history attaching to the present system. There had been a time when everyone was entirely subject to the discretionary power of the Bishop. That had been changed, because Bishop Perry had wished that a larger measure of independence should be given. It was therefore decided to make the licenses of the parochial clergy irrevocable. Others were more subject to the Bishop. Nothing had occurred to make the Bishop forfeit his powers. They should be rather extended. It would be a fatal mistake to transfer the discretionary power of the Bishop to a board. There were many cases which the Bishop had himself to take into account and act upon. It would be unwise to give a fixity of tenure to all. It would make it far more difficult to get rid of undesirable men. The Chancellor said all admitted the principle of justice that had been enunciated, but they had to deal with the question, not whether every clergyman had a right to be tried, but whether in future the Bishop should be allowed to grant licenses revocable at pleasure. The Bishop could not be deprived of his right without his consent, and if he gave his consent his successors would also be bound by it. All recognised that in a new country it was desirable that clergy should come in from outside ; but if their licenses were at the outset to be made irrevocable, the Bishop would have' to make such an investiga tion before admitting any that serious hindrances would be placed in the way of fresh admissions. It was not the right of trial that was the question, but the right to hold a place. There were certain dis positions . which might render a man unfit for a position, and some time had to be allowed to put him to the test. Judge Molesworth said the diocese had had the greatest confidence in its three bishops, but even bishops made mistakes. He suggested that the mover should bring in a private bill. Mr. West could not adopt the suggestion. He wanted the resolu tion to pass. In reply to the Chancellor, he said that if a minister lost his license he did not only lose his position, but also his chance of obtaining another. The Bishop should be convinced of men's fitness before they were ordained, not have to test them afterwards. The motion was negatived. THE HOUSING OF THE WORKING CLASSES. The Rev. R. Stephen moved — 'That a committee be appointed to inquire into the housing of the working classes in Melbourne, and to report to the next session of the Assembly. The committee to consist of the Revs. F. C. Anderson, C. H. Barnes, T. B. Tress, Dr. Kent Hughes, J. T. Collins, C. Langford, and the mover.' He brought this forward at the request of the Council of the Christian Social Union. It was a matter of practical usefulness, about which they would be all agreed. The recent discussion on the spread of juvenile immorality had induced the C.S.U. to take the matter up. In that discussion there had been a remarkable unanimity as to the absence of proper homes for the people. Miss Sutherland, Arch bishop Carr, Rev. T. B. Tress, Rev. Charles Strong, and Rev. A. R. Edgar, all said the same thing. The C.S.U. had made inquiries, and found (1) that in 1897 there were 28,000 houses with only one or two rooms; (2) a number of houses were unfit for habitation, and 500 were condemned during the present year, but the evil was greater, as the number condemned was not nearly as large as the number that ought to be condemned ; (3) then within the houses there was over crowding ; and (4) they found that there was an absence of legislation to cope with these evils. There was no legislation to provide for the number living in one house, or for the arrangement of the houses. The experience of all the large cities of the world had proved the seriousness of the evil. The London County Council had spent £1,000,000 on the housing of the poor in London. There had been the same trouble in America. In New York there had been a ten years' fight against vested interests which hindered lvform. And the same thing would come about here. As land grew dearer there would be more overcrowding. The present, therefore, was the time, because (1) vested interests had not yet grown too strong; (2) the evil had not yet become acute ; and (3) they were on the eve of establishing a 'Greater Melbourne,' and it was the business of the Church to interfere in these matters, because they affected bodily health, and the Church had a duty to the body. Besides, such conditions affected the character of the people. The resolution committed them to nothing, but only asked for a committee to report at the next Assembly. Rev. G. Pennicott seconded the resolution. He had worked in a city parish, and had seen people herded together, several families often living in one house. The other great cities were rising to a sense of their duty. Municipal action should be taken, but it would not be taken unless the councils were pushed from behind. Rev. E. Rodda said only those who worked amongst the poor understood the conditions of the densely-populated districts. What they wanted was to come into touch with their own people, and not try to cover too much ground. Rev. G. N. Bishop replied that the motion did not apply to individual parishes, but adopted a wider ground. Rev. H. Finter was glad the motion had been brought forward. It concerned them as citizens as well as Christians. Houses were run up like dog kennels. One line for the committee to consider was the question of arming the municipalities with stringent powers. There was a great lack of control. Rev. W. Adeney thought the fault lay partly in the people them selves. Rev. W. Phillips said two things made the resolution timely — (1) There had not been so much building lately, and there were not enough houses for the people ; and (2) rents had increased. The cure was largely in the hands of the authorities. In London the ' Peabody' building trust had been a magnificent investment, and the same system might be tried with greater advantage in Melbourne. The motion was carried unanimously. MARRIAGE WITH A DECEASED WIFE'S SISTER. Mr. W. T. C. Kelly moved — ' That in the opinion of this Assembly the prohibition in the Book of Common Prayer to the marriage of a man with his deceased wife's sister should be removed.' He said he was fully aware of the gravity of the question. Rev. C. P. Thomas rose to a point of order. They had no power to alter the Prayer-Book. Mr. W. T. C. Kelly did not attempt to do so ; he only wanted an expression of opinion. It was a matter of doubt whether the table of affinity was a part of the Prayer-Book. Marriage with a deceased wife's sister was not forbidden by Scripture, nor by their law. There was only one passage — Leviticus xviii. 18 — which, he thought, did not refuse to allow it, but invited it. As soon as the wife died the prohibition was withdrawn. Then the aunts were the natural con fidants of their sister's children, and who were so fit to bring them up ? Once the law of the land was anxious that the fathers should have the right to the children, but this had been entirely reversed. Now the judgment was what was best for the child. The law in Victoria allowed marriage with a deceased wife's sister. Article VI. said that whatsoever was not read in Scripture, nor could be proved thereby, need not be believed ; and Article XXI. said that nothing ordained by Councils had strength or authority unless it was declared that it was taken out of Holy Scripture. These, therefore, sanctioned the removal of the prohibition. In the Mosaic Law there were two classes of laws — (1) The Ten Commandments, which were for all time and unchangeable, and (2) the temporary regulations for the Jewish people ; and this matter came under (2). The laws of Church and State should be in harmony. Canon Dickinson seconded the motion. He had convinced himself long ago that it was not contrary to Scripture. Rev. H. Finter asked Mr. Kelly, in the name of the Church, what law they were to go by. At present there was a definite law, which had all history on its side. The restrictions on men's marrying were innate. In olden days a man was not allowed to marry a woman of the same tribe. Philosophers, doctors, &c;, had all said that for a man to intermarry in the family to which he belonged was wrong, according to the laws of heredity. Then with regard to Scripture, it should be remembered that the laws of the Jews suited the Jews, but so far as they interfered with a wider religion they were cancelled. Divorce was only transitory. It was swept away by Christ — 'From the beginning it was not so, &c.;' The law which allowed a man to marry his sister-in-law was simply with reference to property. The saying of Christ, as it had been taken by the Church, was far superior to any law in Leviticus — ' They two shall be one flesh.' And the fathers had imprinted this on the whole Christian Church, that husband and wife were indissolubly one, and the wife's relations were the husband's, and the husband's relations the wife's. If they did away with the law in one case — that of the sister — where were they going to stop? For a wife to take a husband's brother, Shakespeare had called 'damned incest.' It was abhorrent to the marriage tie. And the two stood on the same level. On that principle was based the whole marriage law of the Church of England, and it was the basis of common sense, upon which they could stand secure against all further infringements of the marriage law. Archdeacon Armstrong said that at the last General Synod it had been proposed to draw up canons on the subject. Would it not be as well to leave it in their hands ? The motion was then withdrawn. AN INDUSTRIAL TRAINING FARM. On behalf of the Rev. E. S. Chase, who had given notice of the motion, but who was absent, Archdeacon Langley moved — ' That in the opinion of this Assembly the time has arrived for the establish ment of an Industrial Training Farm for the benefit of neglected lads of the Church of England, and that a committee be appointed to confer on this subject, and, if possible, to take steps to give effect to this resolution. The names of the committee to be — Rev. W. C. Sadlier, Messrs. H. Hurst, H. Barber, W. Turton, and the mover, with power to add to their number.' He undertook this in the absence of Rev. E. S. Chase. He suggested, however, that the Church Army should be substituted for the committee. It was all-important that they should undertake this work. He was glad the Church was taking up these social questions. It was not true that the clergy had no sympathy with the working classes. Rev. A. W. Cresswell seconded the resolution. It was highly desirable for the Church to take this in hand. At present Churchmen often gave liberally to undenominational institutions ; but these were under great disadvantages. If there were an institution in connection with the Church it could be free and open to all, but it would have the special advantage of being able to give religious teaching which was not creedless nor colourless. Mr. H. Hurst said it was one of the most practical things which had been before the Assembly. It was important that lads should be taken in hand instead of being allowed to idle about the town. The Church was losing ground through not having so many confirmees, and it was partly due to this. Mr. W. S. Kimpton, in supporting the motion, specially urged the claims of the Church Army. On the motion of the Rev. W C. Sadlier, the motion was carried unanimously in the following amended form: — ' That in the opinion of this Assembly the time has arrived for the establishment of an Industrial Training Farm for the benefit of neglected lads, and- that a committee be appointed to confer on this subject, and, if possible, to take steps to give effect to this resolution. The committee to consist of the Council of the Church Army, and the Rev. W. C. Sadlier, and Messrs. H. Hurst, H. Barber, W. Turton, and the mover (the Rev. E. S. Chase.)' ALLEGED ROMANISING MOVEMENT. Rev. D. M. Berry moved — 'That in the opinion of this Assembly the Romanising Movement in the Church of England is a source of danger to this diocese, and special vigilance is needful to guard against that danger.' He assured the Assembly that it was only the strongest sense of duty that had moved him to take this matter in hand, and he hoped he would not utter an uncharitable or unjust word. He hoped also that no member of the Assembly would spring 'the previous question' upon him. He would try to prove that (1) there was a Romanising Movement in the Church in England ; (2) that it had made its influence felt in this diocese ; and then (3) he would indicate what kind of vigilance was required. As to (1), he preferred the term Romanising Movement, which had been taken from The Times, to Ritualistic Movement, as the promoters of it adopted everything short of complete conformity with Rome. He would refer to four of the societies connected with the movement. There was first the English Church Union, with a membership of 4400 clergy, and he knew not how many laymen, all of whom were pledged to 'the six points' of ritualism. This society had, through Lord Halifax, its President, appealed to the Pope to recognise the orders of the English clergy. That this was how the Roman Catholic authorities in England understood the matter was shown by a letter which they addressed to the Archbishops of Canterbury and York. The other societies he would refer to were the Society of the Holy Cross, which was known in connection with the book called The Priest in Absolution, a guide- book to confession; the Confraternity of the Blessed Sacrament, which taught the doctrine of the mass, including masses for the dead; and the Order of Corporate Reunion. The latter was presided over by three bishops. Where these obtained consecration was not known, but they were in the habit of reordaining English clergy, while they still retained their positions as clergy of the Church of England, and the clergy they ordained also retained their position. These were the societies by which the ritual movement was mainly carried on. Another proof he would bring forward was a recent judgment of Dr. Tristram in connection with a church in Brighton, England, in which certain ornaments, &c;, such as the stations of the cross, confessional boxes, images of the Blessed Virgin Mary and the Good Shepherd, were condemned. For further evidence, he would also quote from Wakeman's History of the Church of England, which was prescribed by the Australian College of Theology. This book said that, with regard to the breach between England and Borne, 'it is but the out ward surface which is broken, and that chiefly into three great pieces, owing direct allegiance to Rorne, Constantinople, and Canterbury respectively. It is a broken surface which admits of being healed, but only when Rorne shall have moderated her claim of monopoly, when Constantinople shall have thrown off her unsympathetic impassiveness, when Canterbury shall have rid itself of its adven titious Protestantism.' Most Englishmen, he thought, would call this Romanism. (2) His second point was that certain practices complained of in a certain church in the diocese were so close to the Bomanising practices in England that it was impossible to see any difference. Under these circumstances he could not keep silence. He could not help seeing in this the advance guard of the Romanising movement, and they would soon have the whole army. He would give two samples — (1) The children's Eucharist ; (2) the confessional. The children's Eucharist had not been invented here; it was one of the well-known practices of the extreme Ritualists in England. He declared it to be illegal. They had been told that the service at the church in question was only the service in the Book of Common Prayer, but besides the service there was a special manual used by the children with other devotions, in which the matter was entirely foreign to the Prayer-Book, and which changed the character of the service. Extracts from the manual were read which, in his judg ment, taught transubstantiation and masses for the dead. The President said that the clergyman in question had promised him to give up the children's Eucharist. Rev. D. M. Berry was glad to hear it. Then as to the confessional. If it had only been the kind of confession that the Church of England allowed— viz. , the personal interview with a clergyman — he would never have protested. But there was the strongest reason for fearing that at St. Peter's there was more than this. An extract from the Catholic Religion, containing the kind of detailed confession that was practised, was read. This kind of confession had grown enormously in spite of the manifesto of the Bishops at the Lambeth Conference in 1878. And with regard to St. Peter's, the evidence for it was con firmed by a sermon preached there in November last, a report of which was given in the Victorian Churchman. (3) Then he would indicate the kind of vigilance required. Care shoull be taken about the admission of those who came from other dioceses, and also with regard to those who were candidates for ordination. Those who showed symptoms of Romanising should be invited to go elsewhere. Then churchwardens should exercise vigilance with regard to the furniture and ornaments of the Church, and, lastly, they could join the Evangelical Church Association. In conclusion, he said that he had avoided personal references as far as possible ; but he was not blind to Mr. Hughes's many estimable qualities. He had a high appreciation of his character ; but he deeply deplored his entangle ment in these things, and he would ask the laity to be on their guard against them. What was needed for all was the living Christ, who appeared to St. John and St. Stephen, and who said, ' I am alive for evermore.' Rev. W. T. C. Storrs seconded the resolution. In doing so he wished to speak in the spirit of the Invocation : ' In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' He and those with him were convinced of the diligence, the devotion, and intellect of those they opposed, but there was all the more reason to exercise vigilance. It was no affront to love to oppose this movement, as it meant darkness. It was founded on Judaism, and was an attempt to revive what had passed away. It was a duty, therefore, to oppose it. The Reformation was the greatest movement in Christendom. ' It must be recognised,' Archbishop Benson had said, 'that the reformers were amongst the greatest theologians of any age.' But it was the fashion of High Churchmen to belittle it. The Prayer- Book was not the book of the Romanising party, nor were the ministers of the Church of England, according to the ordinal, a sacerdotal caste. Surely it was proved that there was a Romeward movement, and it was driving the people to dissent. Nothing so loosened their hold on the Bible as this. It belittled the preaching of the Word in favour of sacraments and ceremonies. The saddest part of it all was that it detracted from the finished work of Jesus. The Dean moved as an amendment — 'That this Assembly has confidence in the general loyalty to the Church of the clergy and laity of the diocese, and is satisfied to leave such errors or breaches of law as may from time to time occur to be dealt with, as the case may require, by the Bishop directly or under the provisions of the Ecclesiastical Offences Act.' He said he moved this not from any desire to take part in the discussion, but for the quietening of disputes, and to bring a threatening debate to a pacific close. He did not intend to examine the position laid down by Mr. Berry ; but his silence must not be construed into meaning that he agreed with him. It was rather because he deprecated such a discussion in the Assembly as opposed to all precedent. He opposed it for two reasons — (1) It could do no good, and (2) it might do great harm. Certain practices which had been condemned were either legal or illegal. If legal, no decision of the Assembly could make them illegal ; and if illegal, not even the most unanimous vote could make them more illegal. There was a twofold protection against illegal practices. There was (1) the Bishop's authority—he was able to put a summary stop to illegal practices; and (2) there was the Ecclesiastical Offences Act for clergy holding irrevocable licenses. They needed no vigilance committee ; they could trust the Bishop. If they were not satisfied, then they could amend the Act ; but they should be more mindful of the dignity of the Assembly than to force a debate of this kind upon it. Then great harm would be done by stirring up strife amongst those who, when they differed most, should differ as brethren. He was jealous for the good name of the diocese. There were bound to be extreme men on both sides, but there was no diocese where there was less danger of Bomanising in Australia, and he did not believe one single clergyman in the diocese guilty of the thought of Bomanising. They would jeopardise their unity by passing such a resolution. . It would leave matters precisely where they were, but there would be a root of bitterness which would trouble the Church for years to come. So for the sake of the Church, which was higher than parties, for the sake of the Master, who was higher than the Church, he pleaded that they would let brotherly love continue. The Chancellor seconded the amendment. He supported it with very great anxiety. He was not a High Churchman, but rather the lowest of Low Churchmen. So he was the mouthpiece of no particular party, but spoke rather as the advocate of that larger school of charity which 'hopeth all things,' and he thought the discussion of such a motion calculated to inspire uncharitable feelings and unkind words, even though it was not moved in any uncharitable spirit. And cui bono ? he would ask. It was said there was a danger that the General Synod would turn into a debating society, but were they any better ? And in this case it could do no possible good. If the motion were rejected no man would be altered one whit. Mr. Berry would fight to the last ; and if it were carried, would anyone alter his teaching and his life because the Assembly formed a contrary opinion ? So the only result of much time and energy wasted would be some ill-feeling. Then there was another aspect. They were asked to express an opinion about a Romanising movement ; but had they the proper evidence to go upon ? Was there anywhere in the world so large a body which was fit to weigh the evidence and give a verdict. He himself would be bound to vote against it, as he would be utterly unable to come to an opinion. He had confidence in the loyalty of the clergy, and in the Bishop, to prevent any Bomanising tendencies. Any breach in the ecclesiastical laws would be honestly dealt with by the proper authorities, so he asked them to put an end to the discussion. Rev. C. P. Thomas said there might be a Romanising movement in England, but out here the danger was very remote indeed. Mr. Berry did not try to prove there was, but only that one parish was Romanis ing. But if that were so, surely it was not a movement. His experience for 20 years had been that any outside the narrow section represented by the Evangelical Association had been looked upon with suspicion, and if the young men were driven to seek sympathy the Evangelicals had themselves to thank. He could hardly believe his ears when he had heard it proposed that the Bishops should exercise vigilance, and exclude men who showed the condemned symptoms. It was like a Protestant inquisition ; and as for joining the Evangelical Church Association, he recommended that it should be dissolved, and no other formed. Mr. W. J. Bradshaw did not like opposing the Dean, but felt it a solemn duty. There was an unrest outside among members of the Church of England ; and if they passed the motion it would tend to allay it, whereas if they passed the amendment it would emphasise their failure to allay it. Many who now loved their Church, if this failed, might be inclined to leave it. The Church of England, it had been said, was comprehensive ; but was no line to be drawn when men were disloyal to the traditions of their grand old Church ? He denied that they were not competent to judge. They all had the Book of Common Prayer. A few years ago there had been a scare in England about disestablishment. If it did come, it was felt ritualism could be put down. Were they going to cut away the last consolation from their brethren at home ? He trusted they would not only affirm the resolution, but see to it that the truth they represented prevailed. Canon Potter wished to speak a few words of peace and charity. He had prayed that he should not say one word of bitterness, but that he might rather say something which might take some of the bitterness out of the debate. He was an old man, and had been 41 years a member of the Assembly, and he wanted to bring all together, and make them feel some love for one another. In all his study of ortho doxy during 40 years, he had finally come to the conclusion that the most orthodox man was the man who most fully endeavoured to follow the Lord Jesus Christ. Whatever a man was, whether he were Baptist, Plymouth Brother, Roman, love came first, orthodoxy after wards. He desired to preach nothing but salvation through Christ. But salvation meant being made like Christ ; and if a Church did not make us that, she was no true Church. His own religion was not darkness ; it gave him all the light he had. He would not retort that another's was darkness. God forbid. He knew there was too much of Christ in it for that. Dean Macartney and he had differed greatly, but he had felt the man's love, and reciprocated it. He had acted like a father to him, and he thanked God for it. If they could sit down together, and have a round-table conference, they would find that there was very much less difference between them than was imagined. Judge Molesworth was doubtful if any good result would come of the motion, though all felt the mover was actuated by a strong sense of duty. They did not want reunion with Rome, nor did they want confession or transubstantiation or sacrificing priests. But if there was danger, the readers' districts might be safely left in the hands of the Bishop, and it might be necessary to extend the provisions of the Ecclesiastical Offences Act in the cases of parishes where the law was broken. They should also be vigilant as to who taught in their Theological Colleges ; and they should be careful how they conferred legislative powers on the General Synod. They did not want to part with their Christian liberty, their open Bible, their private judgment. The Rev. J. Fulford supported the amendment. He did not think there was danger of Romanism. There were three safeguards against it— (1) The people were too democratic and independent; (2) there were three archdeacons, not one of whom had shown any favour towards ritualism; (3) the Bishop would exercise due vigilance. More was to be feared from indifferentism and agnosticism than from superstition. Canon Dickinson wished to reciprocate Canon Potter's feelings. He believed he was speaking in the real presence of Christ, and he said he had the greatest respect for the zeal and diligence and other good qualities of the gentlemen who had been mentioned ; but he was a great lover of the truth, and it was a good thing to have light on these matters. He had a document containing a list of 9000 clergy in England and the colonies belonging to societies all tending in a Romeward direction. He claimed that he was not a narrow-minded man, but only tried to maintain the simple doctrine of the Prayer- Book and the Articles, and he maintained that some were going beyond them. It was said that they were going back to Catholic truth, but Vincent of Lerins' dictum only applied to what was in the Bible ; and the Prayer-Book and Articles were a compression of this. It was necessary to oppose the movement in its beginnings. The doctrine of transubstantiation was taught by Lord Halifax and the English Church Union. Bishop Wilberforce had said that of all curses, the crowning curse was confession. Instances were then given by Canon Dickinson of teaching in England on Confession, Mariolatry, &c.; He also spoke of clergy in the diocese who had taught people how to make the sign of the cross, and to pray for departed friends. Canon Godby hoped he might have been spared from speaking, but his own side had done their utmost to bring the discussion to a peaceful end, with no avail ; and on the other side there had been extracts culled from one hardly knew where, to prove that the Church in England was a long way on towards giving in her submission to Rome. If they had chosen to do the same thing to the other side, they could have found far more illustrations, more authentic and nearer home, of breaches of the law. But he hoped it would not come to that. Some of the statements made were extraordinary. It was said that transubstantiation was commonly taught; but, it should be remembered, this was not so much a doctrine as an explanation of a doctrine which had been held by Churchmen as far back as there was any evidence at all. If that were so, then did not charity demand that when they held to what went so far back, they were not believing in transubstantiation ? He himself did believe in the real presence of Christ in the Holy Eucharist, but he did not believe in the scholastic explanation which was called transubstantiation ; and the right he claimed for himself he claimed for others. No clergyman should be accused of holding this unless he definitely declared that he did. History abundantly proved that there were two widely- diverging schools of thought in the Church of England, so they had as much right to claim their place as those from whom they differed. Just before the Great Rebellion, when he believed there was a similar trouble to that which had recently arisen, King Charles put forth a Declaration, which was prefixed to the Articles in the Prayer-Book, in which occurred the following: — 'That for the present, though some differences have been ill raised, yet We take comfort in this, that all clergymen within Our Realm have always most willingly subscribed to the Articles established: which is an argument to Us, that they all agree in the true, usual, literal meaning of the said Articles: and that even in those curious points, in which the present differences lie, men of all sorts take the Articles of the Church of England to be for them: which is an argument again that none of them intend any desertion of the Articles established.' Why could not they claim the same to-day? The English Church Union had been men tioned, but it was not said that that society owed its existence not to a desire to attack, but to defend Churchmen against attacks by the Church Association, and an enormous section of its mem bers went about quietly doing their work, and were not the least to be suspected of Romanising. They had nothing to do with what this or that individual said or taught. Then there was the society called the Order of Corporate Reunion. The story had often been told how pseudo-bishops had consecrated men, and ordained them to the priesthood, who were said to be crafty Romanists. That fable had gone round the world, but he did not believe it to be possible from the Roman Catholic side. It had been said that there was a hidden bishop and 800 Roman priests concealed in English rectories. The Archbishop of Canterbury had replied that a certain Dr. Mossman had acted in an obscure way and ordained men ; but they had never been recognised, and the Roman Catholic authorities disclaimed any knowledge of the matter. The Holy Cross Society, which had been called 'a secret society,' set itself to ferret the matter out, and in 1882 Dr. Mossman was publicly exposed. The E.C.U. disclaimed any connection with him and his silly society, which was now extinct. As to The Priest in Absolution, it was 20 years since it had created a furore in England. It had beeiv spoken of as if it were a handbook largely in use ; but the truth was that it had been translated from the French almost for private use. Only 500 copies were printed. It was as much a technical book as any doctor's book, and was for use only among the clergy as pro fessional men, as no other was available ; but extracts had been recently made from objectionable passages in it, together with com ments, and 75,000 copies of these had been printed for sale at two pence each by John Kensit. He had been pained by the profound ignorance that had been shown as to what High Churchmen really did teach. He hoped they would carry the Dean's amendment. If they were going to pick out men here and there for disloyalty, there would be trouble. He was not going to distrust the loyalty of his Low-Church brethren, and he. asked them to do likewise and nof distrust High Churchmen because they did not understand the language they used. Mr. E. G. Fitz Gibbon said he was not a party man. If the aims of the ritualists were essential to salvation, then let them press them to the utmost ; but if they were not, it was a great pity for the sake of what was immaterial to disturb the peace of the Church. Let them remember what Rome had done to them in days gone by. They should not go baok to the ' beggarly elements,' but ' stand fast in the liberty wherewith Christ had made them free.' , Rev. D. M. Berry, in reply, felt all that had been said about peace and love, but could not, for the sake of principle, withdraw. He still maintained that the fault was largely due to the books which were put into the hands of the younger clergy. Wakeman's History, Luckock's book on the Prayer- Book, and Maclear on the Articles, which were prescribed by the Australian College of Theology, had just been condemned by the Sydney Synod. He heartily endorsed the appeal to leave it to the Bishop; but the Bishop neeled support, and would hold a stronger position if he felt there was a strong body of Protestant clergy and laity to back him up. The amendment was then put and negatived by 89 votes to 83, and the original resolution was carried. HOSPITALITY. A vote of thanks to the Hospitality Committee was moved by Rev. R. H. Potter, seconded by Rev. G. Pennicott, and carried unanimously. THE CORRESPONDING COMMITTEE OF THE AUSTRALIAN BOARD OF MISSIONS. Rev. Evelyn Snodgrass moved — ' That the resolution of September 26th, 1893, concerning the constitution of the Corresponding Com mittee of the Australian Board of Missions for the Diocese of Melbourne be rescinded, and that the following be substituted: — 'That in accordance with the fourth section Determination V., session 1891, of the General Synod, a Diocesan Corresponding Committee of the Board of Missions be formed, consisting of the Dean, archdeacons of the diocese (ex officio), and of other twelve members, to be appointed in the following manner — three by the Bishop-in-Council, and three each by the committees of the Melanesian Mission, the New Guinea Mission, and Church Missionary Association of Victoria.'' He said the matter was formal. It was necessary to rescind the old resolution of the Assembly passed in 1893 to bring their constitution up to date. Since then the Mission to the Aborigines had passed under the control of the C.M.A., which had also taken over the C.M.S. and the Chinese Mission. Other missions besides those referred to in the motion, such as Bellenden Ker, were omitted because they had no committees representing them in Melbourne. It. was hoped that soon every mission would be represented on the Australian Board of Missions. Canon Watson seconded the motion, which was carried. THE SPIRITUAL OVERSIGHT OF HOSPITALS. Dr. Kent Hughes moved — ' That the attention of this House be called to the want of more spiritual oversight in many of our hospitals and charitable institutions.' He said he did not wish to make an attack on anyone, but rather to attack the present system. The lack of provision for the patients in some of the hospitals, such as the Eye and Ear, St. Vincent's, and the Queen Victoria Hospitals, had come under his notice. He proposed that, in place of the present system, grants should be made to the parishes in which the institutions were for curates whose special duty should be to look after them. This had been tried in Sydney satisfactorily. Rev. E. Rodda, in seconding the motion, said his personal experi ence had taught him that more supervision was needed. The chaplains on the north side of the Yarra had too much to do. Archdeacon Langley said it was difficult to say anything without seeming to imply that some were not doing their duty, but he thought the chaplains were doing their duty up to the measure of their power. The difficulty was really one of money. They were not in a position to employ more chaplains, and they could not interfere with the existing chaplains. He doubted the advantage of the plan advocated. It was only an experiment as yet in Sydney. Canon Watson said it was a very important question. Their people ought to feel that they would be cared for when they went to the hospital. Rev. E. A. Crawford said they should give honour to whom honour was due. He knew from some of his parishioners who had been there that the work at the Alfred Hospital was thoroughly done. Canon Carlisle felt it was impossible for the chaplains to give all the attention they would like to give. Rev. H. W. H. Adeney said that they should not always believe what was said by patients about not seeing a clergyman. It was not always known that they were Church of England chaplains. The work had many difficulties, and he asked for consideration. Mr. Rosier testified to the good, work done by the Rev. W. Keith Forbes. But more should be done to provide for the needs of the hospitals. Rev. H. Finter said that in Calcutta a sub-deacon was appointed specially for this work. Rev. A. Gamble pointed out that there were also the private hospitals to be looked after. Rev. H. W. H. Adeney said the question of services was one of extreme difficulty. Dr. Kent Hughes said the work he was thinking of could not be done by laymen. The motion was carried. THE FAIR-WAGE CLAUSE IN CHURCH CONTRACTS. Rev. R. Stephen moved — '* That this Assembly urges that in future all contracts entered into by clergy and Church officials for printing, building, and repairs of ohurches, &c;, should contain a clause similar to that known as the fair-wage clause, now inserted in contracts of the Government of Victoria.' He said that a resolution to this effect had been passed unanimously by the General Synod, and also by the Sydney Diocesan Synod. The object was to prevent sweating in Church contracts. The Church ought not to be behind public opinion in matters of this kind. Mr. W. T. C. Kelly seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION IN STATE SCHOOLS. On behalf of the Rev. T. B. Tress, who had given notice of the motion, but who was absent, the Rev. W. C. Sadlier moved — ' That this Assembly desires to express its satisfaction at the result of the labours of the Royal Commission appointed for the purpose of preparing a course of Scriptural lessons for use in the State schools of this colony, and urges the clergy and members of the Church to put forth earnest effort to secure the adoption of the suggested scheme, both by Parliament and people.' He said that they were proud to think that, with Archdeacon Langley as chairman of this Commission, the Church had taken the lead. The results were not perhaps all that individuals would have wished, but they should feel thankful for what had been done. Rev. R. H. Potter seconded the motion. The report would give them something to work upon. Motion agreed to. MISSION SUNDAY. Mr. W. T. Lazenby moved— '(I) That in the opinion of this Assembly it is desirable that such an amendment should be made in the resolution of the Church Assembly, passed July 18th, 1871, and amended in 1897, 'That Sunday after Ascension Day be considered Mission Sunday for the Diocese.' (2) That the word 'practicable' be struck out, and also the words after ' specially.' (3) And the follow ing be inserted: 'The Australian Board of Missions.' (4) That all moneys contributed to Foreign Missions be inserted on a page in the Diocesan Year-Book. (5) That all Missionary organisations shall make a return to the Diocesan Registry of all moneys received by them in time for publication in the Year-Book. (6) That a meeting or Missionary Conference be held during the Annual Session of the Church Assembly, and that the arrangements for such meeting shall be made by the Corresponding Committee of the Australian Board of Missions.' He said that the object of the motion was to broaden the basis of the resolution of the Assembly, and increase the interest in Foreign Missions. According to a report laid on the table the year before, out of 208 parishes only 101 recognised Mission Sunday in any form. By striking out ' it is desirable,' it might be more possible to ensure the observance of Mission Sunday. The other sections of the resolution were suggested by the committee appointed by the Assembly. It would be a great advantage to have returns-of missionary contributions published in the Year- Book. The com mittee also thought it possible to arrange for a conference representing all the Missions, when all the clergy were in Melbourne for the Assembly. Rev. F. H. Gibbs said the purpose of the first alteration was to make it less easy for any to object to carry out the recommendations of the Assembly. The Registrar felt he had to oppose the motion. The resolution of the Assembly had stood for 30 years. The Aborigines Mission had the greatest claim on them, and he did not therefore think such a change as (3) contemplated should be made in so small a House. The motion was withdrawn. THE TRUSTEES AND VESTRIES ACT. Canon Watson moved — ' That a committee be appointed to consider what alterations are needed in ' The Trustees and Vestries Act, No. 1, 1885,' and, to bring in a bill to make such alterations at the next ordinary session of this Assembly ; such committee to consist of — The Revs. Canon Hindley, W. H. Percival, and W. Green, and Messrs. J. F. Richardson, J. H. Maddock, E. F. J. Love, and the mover.' Rev. E. Rodda seconded the motion. The Registrar hoped the long-suffering Act would be given a rest. To appoint a committee for a general inquiry without some special object seemed unnecessary. Canon Watson felt this, but he had some alterations in his mind — viz., that there should only be one designation for churchwardens and guardians, and that there should be a reduction in the number of churchwardens and vestrymen. Canon Godby said it was only about three years since the Assembly had gone through the whole bill. The motion was withdrawn. PROROGATION. The President said that in reviewing the work of the Assembly there was very little to regret. A great variety of important topics had been dealt with, and much self-control and forbearance shown. It was the longest session that there had been in his time. Two bills of a most important character had been passed. For the Super annuation Bill the whole House owed a debt of gratitude to Canon Watson, Rev. C. P. Thomas, Mr. Stock, and their coadjutors. He rejoiced to think it possible that they might have the new diocese before he should be called, away from his present position. He believed that episcopacy was of God, that it was a necessity for the Church of Christ, and he believed that a young active bishop at Bendigo would gather round him other zealous workers, and the contagion of his zeal would spread. It was with unmixed thankfulness to Almighty God that he regarded the accomplishment of this work. He was pleased with the way in which Mr. West had brought forward his motion, and looked forward to see him. as a useful member. He heartily thanked Mr. Harwood for his kindness and steadfastness as chairman of committees. Besides these questions, they had dealt with, which had. to do with the building up. of the Church in the diocese, there were others of a different character which had been discussed. It had not been.on the whole a bad thing to have them discussed, as thunder cleared the air. He had tried to be impartial, but as Bishop of the diocese he shonld like to say that on looking back he thought that on the whole the weight of argument lay with the supporters of the motion in the discussion on Romanising. But he was not disposed to wish for the recurrence of discussions of this character, and he hoped that God would, guide and overrule them in all their troubles. He prorogued the Assembly sine die. RESULTS OF ELECTIONS. Council of Diocese (Clerks).— Elected: Rev. W. G. Hindley, T. B. Tress, C. E. Drought. First Scrutiny. | Third Scrutiny. Hindley, Rev. W. G. 773* [Average 1022] | Tress .. .. 712 | Kent .. .. 724½ Kent, Rev. S. C. . . 1024½ | Drought . . . . 725 Tress, Rev. T. B. . . 1026½ Sutton, Rev. G. . . 1072 | [Average 730] Drought, Rev. C. E. 1078½ Tucker, Canon .. 1157½ | Sutton .. .. .. 758½ 6132 | 2920 Second Scrutiny. Kent .. .. 851½ | Fourth Scrutiny. Tress .. .. 851½ | Tress .. .. 569½ } Drought . . . . 861 | Drought . . . . 580½ } * Sutton . . . . 872½ [Average 876] | [Average 584] Tucker .. .. 943½f | Kent .. .. 602f 4380 | 1752 * Elected. | f Out. Council of Diocese (Laymen). — Elected: W. E. Morris, F. R. Godfrey, J. H. Maddock, J. T. Collins, H. Turner. First Scrutiny. | Second Scrutiny. Morris, W. E. .. 714} | Collins .. .. 658½} Godfrey, F. R. .. 805½} * | Turner .. ... 702½} * Maddock, J. H. . . 1137} | [Average 730] [Average 1168] | Brett .. .. 731½}. Collins, J. T. .. 1282½ | Marshall .. 827½} f Turner, H. . . 1360½ Brett, J. T. . . 1368 Marshall, J. N. . . 1508½ 8176 | 2920 292 voting papers. | No informal papers. * Elected. | f Out. Clergy Widow and Orphans' Fund — Board of Management.— Rev. W. Green and Mr. J. Burston returned unopposed. Diocesan Book Depot — Committee of Management. — Elected : G. H. Downer, J. T. Collins. Downer, G. H. . 694 } Collins, J. T. .. 711 } * [Average 717½] Bainbridge, J. P. . . 722} . Richardson, J. F. .. 743 } f | 2870 287 voting papers (valid), and 2 informal. * Elected. | f Out. Church Army (Council). — Rev. H. E. Taylor, Messrs. W. S. Kimpton and G. H. Downer returned unopposed. Panel of Triers, — Rev. Canon Dickinson and Dr. Leeper returned unopposed. Canonry of St. Paul's Cathedral. — Elected: Rev. W. G. Hindley. First Scrutiny. | Second Scrutiny. Hindley, Rev. W. G. 746 | Hindley .. 410½* Drought, Rev. C. E. 835 | [Average 435] [Average 870] . | Drought... .. 459½f Thomas, Rev. C. P. 880½} Tress, Rev. T. B. . . 882½} f Burke, Rev. R. G. 1006 } 4350 | 870 290 voting papers. No informal papers. Details of Voting. | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 Burke .. ... | 18 .. | 34 .. | 70 .. | 72 ..| 51 Drought .. | 44 ..| 83 .. | 38 .. | 65 .. | 27 Hindley ... | 105 .. | 55 .. | 27 .. | 21 ... | 53 Thomas . . | 23 . .| 61 . .| 91 . . | 58 .. | 18 Tress ... ....| 98 .. .| 25 .. | 25 .. | 29 ..| 97 Fractions .. .| 2 ...| 32 .. | 39 ..| 45 ...| 44 | 290 | 290 | 290 | 290 | 290 * Elected. | f Out. Mason, Firth & McCutcheon, Printers, 301 & 393 Little Collins Street. 