AUNT DEBORAH'S BET. A Ghostly Tip. ? BY P.M. I AM a firm believer in ghosts and spiritualism and solemn warnings. And why not ? Look at the literature — on the - subject. " — All written around shadows," says my irreverent nephew, that young scamp, Jack Netherby. Ah, well, I tell " C11 him, 1111,1 I've , JL ve never never seen seeu a a. " shadow ~ yet that ~ had no substance behind it somewhere. But, just as I strongly belief in ghosts, I emphatically don't believe in gambling. All my ancestors were ruined at it body and soul. It drove my grand-uncle, Squire John Netherby, to suicide. Dear me, what a sportsman he must have been, to be sure ! Always on horseback or on a racecourse. His picture in his liuntingdress is before me now, and I have all of the very identical clothes, boots, spurs, crop and all packed —-i-j away upstairs with camphor . — to i keep away the moths. I was only a little child when his sad end came, but I can remember it all so well. He backed—I think that's the horrid expression—or had a wager, on sonie horse that lost. Then he blew his brains out. Bless me, the man could not have had many to do such a thing! From that time I had a perfect horror of gambling in every form, except church bazaar raffles. 1 detested betting abo^e all, and yet in spite of all this, I had made and won a big bet. But I was quite justified, justified. Even Master Jack would say I was, I'm sure, although perhaps his opinion would not be worth much, seeing how he is following in liis great-grandfather's footsteps. Still, he knows how I have tried to check him. Only a week before I broke my resolution he came pestering me every day for twenty pounds to put on Firefly, a horse he said was a " dead cert.," whatever that may mean. He said it " couldn't lose," it would " romp home," it was a "monte,"a "dead bird," a "fifty to one chance," and a lot more foreign things that made me think he was mad. But I was stern. The poor boy is an orphan, and I stand in the place of father and mother to him, sol felt I must do my duty. It was very hard, for he appealed so piteously. I was firm. I told him about his great-grandfather, and at last he grew resigned. And to think that, after such a trial to my feelings, I should go and do the very same thing myself \ It must have been all the talking about it that d me to dream about the rac| s . It was so that ifc woke llie up> and i fel t that there someone in my room. I was nut frightened, 1 o° ked "P fr r om ™ der the clothes and there. my bed, was the ghost of Netherby, dressed for the hunt and carrying his crop. I could see las pale face and w night-light. . h l te .side-whjslcers He looked gleaming at me m very the glim kindly, of and the said in deep hollow tones, "Deborah, my child, back 32." And then he slowly disappeared. I could not go to sleep again that niglit for thinking, and, next morning, I go up late. I was dying to speak to Jack about it, but decided not to, as, after all, it might have been on'y a dream. But next night the same thing happened again, and my night-cap fell off. I remember that distinctly, and it proves that I Was awake. The ghost just said as before— " Deborah, my child, back 32." JJI was very much puzzled. I knew that the message meant something about racing, but couldn't for my life decipher its significance. I still said nothing, .. but resolved if the vision apings. It might mean death, so I determined to f peared again I would discreetly speak to Jack Well, it did happen again, the very next friight. The squire came once more and said : " Deborah, my child, back 32 " That decided me. As I said befdre, I believe in ghosts, especially when they appear three times, and it is dangerous to neglect ; tttpir warn do my best to obey the command. So, after breakfast, I carelessly said to Jack, " 0, John"—I always address him as John, though I think of him as Jack, " I've been reading a dream in the paper"—I thought a little fib to protect his morals was justifiable—"and I don't quite understand it." "Yes, aunt," he said, very demurely, "what was it ?" " It was about theVaces, I think." "Oh, aunt!" he said. "Yes," I went on, "a lady dreamt that a ghost came to her three times and said, "* Back 32.' Now, did that mean that she should back thirty-two horses for the Cup ?". Why ever he did it I don't know, because he is a, well-mannered boy, but he spluttered his coffee all over the table and stuffed his handkerchief into his mouth. I said"nothing, because I thought perhaps the poor boy was going to have a fit or something, He didn't though, and when he. grew calm he said: «Qh, nQj aunt, it doesn't mean that. There are onj y thirty-two horses in the race, and if y 0ur ^^ ] ad y backed them all she might lose money. i think it must mean that she should back fro. 32 on the card." « oh, I see; thank you!" I remarked, and changed the subject. a little later on I found out that No. 32 was ]?i re fly. So I wrote a little note to Mr. Samuels, our veterinary surgeon, enclosing £100, which I to Sp ar e, and asking him to "put it on Firefly "—that's the correct phrase, I understand, Tllis f. gave to Jack to deliver, telling him that tlie roan mare appeared to be poorly, and that I wanted Mr. Samuels' advice. I hope I may be forgiven for the fibs I told in such a good cause of Well/the turf!_ horse won, and , > I was the richer by £500a ' Bu t could I use moneyso gained? No, my conscience compelled me to obey the ghost, X dmrch and nQt r should ^ ^ by it. Then it struckmethat such ungodly gains should not be devoted to so holy a cause I was in quite a quandary, and then I thought of Jack. The poor boy must have been greatly disappointed at not winning on tlie horse-he wanted to back, eo I decided to console him bv tr iving him the whole of the £5000 if he promised 1»e never to bet again. He did promise, and 1 know he will keep his word, for he is a gentle- 1, 1 Ah, I am very glad I did that. Uiere he goes now to the meet, and, with his boots and crop and spurs he looks the very ghost of Ins greatgrandfather. He only needs the white sidewhiskers to make the picture perfect. What a dear rogue and harum-scarum scamp he is, too, to be sure ! * * * * (It was perhaps just as well that the simple old lady did not know that Master Jack had m his pocket ghostly side-whiskers that would have made the resemblance to his great-grandfather complete.) 