The Lily of Mordaunt. By Mrs G. Sheldon, iathoroHB of "The Masked Bridal," " The Magic Cameo, ' &o.;) CHAPTER XXXVIII. in a dilemma. « I am glad, at all events, to get my inhale back," Bhe added, as she eyed them foudly, lifting each piece with ten der caressing fingers, and recalling the friends who had given fhem to her. ii jjat this money, what shall I do with ft; Tho hundred pounds rightly belongs in me. and I shall keep It ; but the other— the 1 Interest, as he calls It— I believe — I do not want ; and as for that which ho has deposited In the Bank of England In my name, I could never touch a penny of It." Her eyes blazed at the thought of it, her head was thrown prondly back, and her Hps curled with derision. The hundred-pound noto she put away In her parse, the other she returned to the envolope containing Philip's letter, ana then she foil to music g BOrrowfally, and was only aroused when Miss McAllis ter returned after a long absence, during which she had been in a continual fer ment of anxiety and cariosity regarding the contents of Philip Paxton's package. Arley arose as she entered, and, put ting her letter Into her hands, begged her to read it. Scarcely a aound, save tho rattling of the paper as Miss McAllister turned the pages of Philip's letter, was heard In the room dnrlng the next half hour. Miss McAllister sat' bolt upright by a window, with lowering brow, stern, re lentless eyeB, and firmly compressed lips. Arley lay wearily back In her low | rocker by the fire, her hands clasped patiently In her lap, but looking very pale and aorrowfnl. " Well, suutle, what do you think of It!" she questioned, whon that lady at laet refolded Philip's confession, and handed it back to her. ' That he is Oven a greater rascal than 1 believed him to be — and that was bad enough, goodness knows 1" was the grim reply. Arley flashed. She conld thluk all manner of hard things of him herself, bat It seemed very harsh when put Into suoh severe language by anothor. "Bat be seems sorry," Bhe B&id;, hesi tatingly. "So doea every criminal whon he is found oat," Miss McAllister retorted, tersely. "Do yon suppose," she went on, " if Lady Elaine had listened to him — If she had given him the slightest encourage ment, that he would ever have written yon that letter V " Porhaps not," Arley assented. " Oi coarse he would not. He wonld have continuod to pursuo his wicked, shameless career, married her, and then as rnthlosaly broken her heart as he has yonra, if ahe had oppoaed him in any way. It mast have been that adventure with Jane Collins which resulted in revealing'jbla craftinessa to her, and led her to bring him np short, with a good round tarn. 1 think 1 should have enjoyed bolug behind tho scenes about that time," Miss McAllister concluded, with a little chuckle of triumph. "As for your money and jewels," she added, after a moment, " I told you.tbat he stole them ; I felt It in my bones, as tho saying is, and I can believe him capable of almost anything now." " Bat he mast have experienced some thing of remorse or he never wonld have written all that ho has,' Arley returned : "his returning my money and jewela proves, too " " I should suppose ho would be glad to restore them j they muBt have haunted him like a ghost every time he thought of or looked at thorn,' Interrupted the old lady, relentleasly. " ®t he noed not have confessed every thing j if ho had not keen really humbled he probably would have kept those last worst things to himself,'' " Hamph I doubtless he knew well snough that you would learn all from Lady Elaine, and so made a virtue of necessity." " Bat she knew nothing about this stolen money and jewela, nor about his gambling— he might have given: himself the benefit of a doubt regarding those mi 5? chosen," persisted Arley. miss McAllister eyed tho pretty figure opposite to her uneasily. I hope, 1 Bhe Bald, coldly, " that you are not modltatiug anything so foolish as o forgive him and take him back to your avor ? 1 should suppose that once hav- DB rsloased yourself from the lion's power, you would not bo very eager to ii tj0r koad between his jaws again," Eo; I'm afraid that I can't forgive fllm, anntle— " yon Afraid ' ' Was the startled intorrup- , , ea; You know wo are commanded torglvo, as we hope to be forgiven,' " Arley mnrmnred, in a low tone. ,on"?of course ; no Christian anould cherish maHce, or wish evil to any nni ' uu i1 a Peculiar case. You are mnnfi to wish for any special judg- drnn m ov®fta'Ie Philip— you can simply «i v altoSether out of your life." inn f 88 j oao wretched months are still lZu,\n mInd t0 admit of my fntnro® 5 to kave any part in my ii d. and Arley shivered Blightly. hid loA real'y feeJa as remorseful as W m !00mB to indicate, I would at Sis hrBa0ae"nd6r Um aU thB Cr0dIt ninn'ecous hhlo ia due him, In my opl- fclr,0 80ver® ort and there t&e; matter dropped. thn crffded thick and fast upon ...I j Drned wanderer, for during tho next forenoon Mr Holley, Arley's former announced. iovlallw o ?el1, Mra Arley," Be said, "It warmly grasped her hand, home 1! my old ®yes good to see you word la i0 Ti50, Mc P«ton sent me up and 'nbt that you had returned, baslneaa i.P'nmJeed to transact a little thonehf tvj . "k011 y came, I mavbftp T0ttle"'t at once 5 and you tul ,Bnre i was very glad of the oppor- come and welcome you home," conraa J78? aiazed at his words ; of she dW t i-i not nnderstand them, but thoneh l to ketray too much ; so, and th« i6yos wer® nnnenally brilliant, scarlet « Cl0r !a ber cheeks 'was like a " u f0' 8 managed to reply : that I o /V' flol'ey ; you know enmstar.111 r to 800 yn nnder any clr- I'ou an CeH' f0t ' k8® always considered 0 one of my best friends." Drett»Uikiave uot h'rgotten how to say worn „thLn?8' lf yn a" 8 married over " fh i vo trav®lied half the world "Bn'trii ii 7et returned, smilingly, my chatting to business first and do added uu steward. I Imagine," he co tnm' f twinkling eyes, "that my a sum,!1 'cation will not bo very mnch of hsnnv i8Q 1yoD' i)nt i am none the less Wh e 11 " woDderLCld .be coming now? Arley that tho ' S her hands ao tightly upon left deep, purple for long af terVaflT tax ton waited upon me aome nfSi,».\tk0klanWyer r6"umed, "and told mothathe had aetUed a .urn upon wlk y tkon8and pounds— deposit- ind he.De £ the Bank of England, and ho desired that I would take charge of It, as I had done of yonr money In the past, and pay yon the Interest quarterly, aa before. He said that he had made tiffs ««mog?mfink BO cth.at yon m,Kht have the same feeling of independence that you used to have, while he wished you to be provided for In case of any accident hap pening to him. 1 r eed not tell you that a??,very Prond to be restored to my old position as your man of business, or that It Is with great pleasure that I pay over this first quarterly Instalment to you— i W 0 not'hed me of your return last night— and yon may be rare that I shall make prompt payments every quarter- Mr Holley reached forward and slipped a roll of notes Into Arley's hands as he ceased speaking. She felt as if she should sink through the floor, as he crowded that money npon Her first Impulse was to dash It back angrily into the man's face and bid him to carry it back to its donor. But,- she reasoned, ho was in total Ignorance of the truth of her relations to Philip— everything that he had said went to prove It— and if ahe rejected the money she wonld bo obliged to explain why, and reveal the whole of herdreadfnl story. It was evident that Me Holley believed, as Sir Anthony had appeared to do, that she and her husband were upon the most amicable termB with each other ; and It was also evident that Philip was rigidly concealing everything which wonld tend to create auy scandal, thus leaving her, as he had told her in his letter that he should do, to take whatever steps against him she might see fit. What should sho do ? That money seemod like a live coal In 1 Ber hands ; and she knew, with her pre sent feelings, that she conld never use so much as a farthing of it ; and yet, if she gave It back to Mr Holley, Bhe must give a reason, and she recoiled from rehearsing her troubles to any one outside the family. , Miss McAllister's face had grown black ' with wrath over this strange proceeding ; bat. she was obliged to hold her tongae, knowing that any interference on her part wonld be nnseemly, at least, in the presence of a third person. But the lawyer was waiting for Arley to Bay something, his face all smiles and aglow with heartiest sympathy for her good fortune, as he regarded it, and she knew that she must make him some reply. " Really, Mr Holley," she began, with a crimson: face, " this Is a surprise to me. " " What I Has not yonr husband told you anything about It? Has he left me to enlighten yon npon the subject In terrupted the lawyer, astonished. Arley's heart leaped into her throat. It was very hard to know just what it was best to say. "He did mention that he bad deposited some money in the Bauk of England for me ; :bnt I had no idea that I was to re ceive each a sum as yon mention, and, roally," she added, with a nervous, almost hysterical laugh, "I have re garded myself aa portionless for so long that I fear I shall not know how to be have, with all this woalth at my com mand." " I do not boliovo you will havo any difficulty regardlug the disposal of it," Alias McAllister interposed,, in a dry tone. " I am sure you deserve it all, my dear," Mr Holley replied, never once suspecting the point of the venerable spinster's remark, " There haB boen a sore spot in my heart over since your marriage, that you wero obliged to relin quish that snug little income to which you had alwayB been accustomed, though I admire Miss Wentworth exceedingly, and am very happy to serve her. But I was always fond of yon, Mrs Arley, and 1 am heartily glad that yon are to be Indepen dent once more, while I admire your hus band for having done thlB thing." Arley did not reply, but sat there ner vously fingering that hateful roll of money, and wondering lf she wonld have strength to remain quietly In her room until Mr Holley should get ready to go. It seemed as lf she must scream, rave, wring her hands, tear her hair— anything rather than sit there and liBten while he extolled Philip, without being able to uttor one word of denunciation.. It was torture to be obliged tacitly to assume that she was a happy wife, beloved and indulged to her heart's content, when all the while she felt almost too miserable to live. " Do you know that Arley has become quite an artist since ahe went away ?" Miss McAllister asked, surmising some thing of her wretchedness, and hoping thns to change the subject. "No. Is that so?" Mr Holley In quired. " Yes," Arley answered, eagerly seizing upon this new topic. " I took painting lessons in both Rome and Florence, and have been quite successful. I, have two pictures which Sir Charles : Herbert thinks worthy of being displayed at the exhibition this year." " Indeed I 1 never knew that yon had any taste for Buoh work," replied ber friend. " I always liked to draw and paint, but never discovered that I had any real talent that way until 1 went abroad," Arley said, with a slight flush. She wondered what he would say lf he knew how she had discovered her talent. " Well, I shall surely go to see yonr pictures as Boon as they are hung," he answered, gazing admiringly, and think ing what a lovely picture Bhe herself made, sitting there In her pretty white cashmere morning robe, with .that rich glow upon her cheeks, the knot of bright ribbons at her throat, and that tiny bronze Blipper just visible beneath her skirts. " How proud that young chap, must be of her 1" he thought, repressing a sorrowful sigh, for he had laid. His own fair young wife to rest many years be fore, and his home had been desolate ever since. The conversation after that drifted upon indifferent topics, and nothing more was said about Philip until Mr Holley rose to go, when he remarked, Binlllngly: " Tell that husband of yours that I have fatfilled my, trust, and that I was never happier In the performance of a duty before." " Yon are very good, Mr Holley, I am sure, to feel Buch an Interest In me," Arley returned, drooping her lids to hide the strange glitter which sprang into her eyes ; and Mr Holley, after shaking hands with her and Miss McAllister went away, thinking how bright tho world was for aome, how cheerless for others. Arley returned to the parlor, aRer at tending him to the hall, but she was deathly white now. She went and stood by the mantel, and looked thoughtfully Into the fire. Miss McAllister, sitting opposite and knitting away for dear life npon a charity stocking, her month puckered Into the hardest kind of a knot, watched her out of the corners of her eyes. " Well, Arley," she said at length, becoming Impatient at her sllenoe. "Well, auntie," Arley repeated, with the same Intonation. " What are yon going to do about It ? — the money, I mean," with a glance at the roll still In Arley's hand, ' If I conld drop It Into the fire and— that would end It, I would do it this In stant," she answered, 'with some spirit. " What can I do aboat It?" she asked, wearily. "I don't know. I did think at first that his letter was all a sham— that he must have heard something about the mystery of your birth being solved, and waa trying to wheedle himself into your good'graces again," MisB McAllister said, without stopping to consider, lf such had been his object, he had taken a very strange way to accomplish it, by confess ing so much more than was needed. " But," she added, " this Income business looks a little as if he really meant to make yon all the reparation In his power, though where on earth he ever got the money to settle on you la a puzzle to mo." " You know Sir Anthony told us yes terday that he was overran with busi ness," Arley replied. " Yes ; but It would take a man a long time to earn twenty thousand pounds, and he kas never done that In the short time that he has been home. No, no, child, I believe that he's been gambling again— depend upon It, he never came honestly by it, and don't yon touch it, don't yon tonch lt," and Miss McAllister bristled ail over with righteous Indigna tion at the thought. " I am sure I have no Idea of using It," Arley answered, proudly, " but what shall I do with it P It la evident that no one mistrusts but that we are on the best of terms; but I cannot refuse to take these quarterly payments from Mr Holley without giving htm Borne reason, and, auntie; I do not feel like doing anything to atart a scandal Involving myself." " You have no intention of ever return ing to Philip again i" Inquired her. aunt, with a keen glance at that pale, pained face opposite her. " No, auntie, I could not with my pre sent feelings. I have been wretched ever f since the day of my marriage ; a barrier seemed to rise between us Immediately .upon discovering that Ina was the real Arley Wentworth, and we have been almost like strangers from that hour." " Poor child 1 what a Bad time yon have had," Miss McAllister said, sym pathising. "Of coarse, then, If you have such a dread of scandal, you would not feel like applying for a divorce ?" Arley shivered. " Of what use would that be to me ?" she asked; "death alone would release me from my vows." "Well, well," you must live here quietly with us and let matters take their course," was the gentle re j hinder ; we will do all we can to help you for get, and you Bhall never want for anything while I have a pound left." " About this money," she added, a moment later, " if you don't like to refase it from Mr Holley, you can enclose it In an envelope and return it to Philip every quarter." " Yes, 1 could do that — at least for the present," Arley said, with a look of relief. "OfSconrse, after awhile, when people come to see that we are never together, the truth will leak out, and thoa I can stop the payments." Sho wont at once ' to act npon Miss McAllister's suggestion, and, with a hand that wis far from steady, she enclosed" tho sum Mr Holley had paid her, together with the twenty-pound note Philip had already sent her as interest on her hun dred pounds, in an envelope, directed It to him at his chambers, and sent It off at once. That evening Sir Gharles and his mother called, and wore moat cordially received by MIsb McAllister. After introducing ber aunt, Arley led Ina to Lady Herbert, saying, smilingly : "This la the real Arley Wentworth, of whom 1 have told you, and whose golden slippers I wore so long." Her ladyship Btudled the fair face a moment, then cald, as she took the gentle girl by the hand : " Well, dear, since you had to give them up, I am sure you .must have been glad to resign them to one so worthy." ," Indeed I waa," Arley replied, heartily, and then she presented Ina to Sir Gharles. As she did so she noted the eager, admiring glance, whloh the young baronet bestowed upon her, and also the faint flush which Btole Into the beautiful girl's cheek, and the shy drooping of her white lids after her first glance Into his noble face. " They will love each other," she said to herself, with sadden conviction; "and, oh, how well fitted they are for each other— he so grand and true, Bhe so gentle and lovable." It did Indeed seem as if her prophecy was likely to come true, for Sir Charles had neither eyes nor ears for anyone else throughout hk call. He hardly noticed Arley after their first greeting, nntll his mother arose to go ; then he seamed to suddenly re member bis errand there. " Mrs Paxton," he said, " I have suc ceeded in securing a place for your pictures at the exhibition." " So soon ?" cried Arley, astonished ; but her face lighted with genuine plea sure. " It must be ' soon ' or not at all, you know," he returned, "for It opens to morrow." "True. I had forgotten. How do they look ? Have they a good light ?" "The best that they could possibly have. I waa very fortunate, and they present a fine appearance, I assure you. An artist," he explained, " was expected to bring two very fine .pictures from Paris, but a telegram was received laBt night stating that they had been destroyed by fire, so the places reservedf or them conld be given to others. I was the first applicant this morning, and so secured the vacant space." " How sorry I am for that poor artist I It must be a terrible disappointment," Arley said, regretfully, then adding : " But you are very good to me, Sir Charles ; ' you have literally heaped favors upon me from first to last." "No, no ; not ao bad as that, I hope," he said, laughing. Then, In a lower tone, and with a glance at Ina ; " You have conferred a favor upon me to-day. What an exceptionally lovely person Miss Wentworth Is !" " She Is indeed— lovely In every sense of the word," and Arley bent an affec tionate glance upon the young girl, for whom she waa hourly acquiring a strong attachment. " I auppose that I— we may come to see you again ?" Sir Gharles begged, with a somewhat conscious air. Arley laughed a low, musical laugh ; she could not help It, for very little had she had of his society during this visit. "Certainly you may— come as often as you like ; and," she added, with a mischievous twinkle In her eye which made him change color, "I have no doubt that you will receive a cordial wel come from every member of the family." " Thanks. When will you go to look at your plctores ?" he asked, to.-turn the subject " Junt as soon as I am a .little rested,'! 1 Arley said, with a sigh. The excitement (of the morning had made her feel very j languid and veary. . " You are looking very tired, and we ' will not trespass longer on your strength I to-night," Sir Charles said, and, with a hand-clasp all around, he took his leave, followed by Lady Herbert. "Yon must come and stay a month with me, dear, -just as soon as your friends can spare you,", her ladyship whispered In Arley's ear, as she kissed her at parting. "You have been with me so long, and I have learned to love you so well, I miss you sadly." " Thank yon," Arley returned, with trembling lips. "I do not know what would ever have become of me but for you." "Some other fortunate Individual would have secured your companionship; and I shonld have missed a great deal out of my life, ' responded Lady Herbert, cheerfally ; and then, with another kiss, followed her son to their carriage. To be Continued. 