[By " Ilderim."] A well-known resident of an inland Victorian town was served a short time ago with a police court summons by Mr T Prout Webb, Commissioner of Income Tax, for the recovery of the sum of fourpence for arrears of said Tax, together with interest at the rate of eight per cent per annum for three months! Here is a splendid opportunity for all and sundry accountants, bank clerks and " men of figures" generally, to distinguish themselves and prove their capability for grasping fiscal questions. I feel almost inclined, regardless of expense, and chancing a censorious world's criticism of reckless extravagance, to offer the tempting bonus of a farthing cheesecake to the successful solver of this knotty arithmetical problem. * * * I have occasionally met with people who have asserted that Dickens is an exaggerator, and that there never were such characters in real life as he puts on its mimic stage. I have heard Mrs Gamp spoken of as one of Dickens' exaggerations. Now I am prepared to maintain a L'outrance that Dickens is true to Nature even in his very exaggerations, as they are termed. Who is there that has not seen in the physical presentments of the outer world sights which, if transferred to canvass, he would pronounce absurd impossibilities ? Who has not heard sounds admitting of no description, and of which the description, were it attempted, would be incredible ? I have heard people say that no such life-delineation as Mrs Gamp ever existed in the body. Why, I knew one old lady myself, years ago, in the old country, who was the very " fetch and ghost" of the immortal Sairey. And, strange to say, her name was Sarah too) and she was a high priestess of births and deaths, like Dickens' marvellous delineation. She had three thumbs (another exaggeration, I suppose,) and a beard. It is due, however, to her memory to record that her character was free from one little failing which distinguished Mrs Gamp. No one ever heard her say, like the great prototype of her profession in the pages of " Martin Chuzzlewit" :— " When I goes to a layin' in or a lyin' out, wot I sez to them as has the management o' things, be they gents or be they ladies, is, dont arsk me whether I won't take nothin' or not, but put the bottle on the chimbley-piece, and let me put my lips to it when I am so dispoged!" Mr Sleath, M.L.A, asked in the House the other evening ;—" If it takes eight missionaries twelve years to convert three Chinamen, how long will it take, and how many missionaries will it take, to convert 420 000 000 Oninesw : " Mr J C L Fitzpatrick, on hearing this ingenious problem propounded, suggested that Public Service Board give it in one of their examination papers. Doubtless both these legislators hugged themselves as they sat down after their profound remarks, and rejoiced in the inner consciousness of their own surpassing cleverness. But after all, what did their very indifferent wit amount to? Just a suggestion of absurd conclusions to be drawn from false premises. Will Mr Sleath favor the public with the chapter and verse" of his question-bagging preliminary statement? Does he know either the actual number of " converts" to Christianity in China, or the "time" it took the missionaries to make them ? His whole deliverance proves his profound ignorance of such matters. One hears often about " religious cant," but of all the descriptions and forms of cant, commend me to the cant of the would-be-witting cracking jokes on subjects he knows nothing about. Ne suter ultra erapidam— let not the cobbler go beyond his last! * * * Before another page of " Pencil Points" appears, the Parkes Show will have come and gone. These annual gala-days are a delightful combination of business and pleasure. They bring the community out of the ordinary rut and hum-drum of every day life. The man of commerce closes his ledger, locks up his safe, forgets his thousand-and-one little daily carking cares. The farmer, who all the rest of his time is, more or less, rising up early and late taking rest, and eating the bread of carefulness, dons his Sunday go-to meeting raiment and brings the wife of his bosom and the pledges of their mutual affection right away from field and furrow and farm-yard in to see the Show, and exchange the yearly gratulation and gossip with other choice and kindly spirits like themselves. Town and country meet and fraternise on the ground, and each benefits in the reunion. The exhibition in their various sections of the kindly fruits of the earth ; the outcome of days and nights of careful study in the improved instruments of agricultural and horticultural cultivation ; the display of stock—horses, cattle, sheep, pigs, poultry—all these separately and in combination make up a spectacle pleasant to the eye and instructive to the mind. Not only is it a time of enjoyment; the fruits of industry on every hand stimulate each beholder, sharpen his wit, call forth the spirit of emulation, and send him back to his home resolved to make the future better than the past. These Shows have a moral all their own. They are not only landmarks but finger-posts, not only registers of triumph but indicators of grander possibilities in time to come. These western areas are greater even in promise than they are in achievement, and our Shows are like the finger on the pulse of industry, useful both as records and prognosticators. * * * It has become quite the correct thing—the practice having been greatly emphasised and accentuated by Rudyard Kipling's Barrack Room Ballads—to speak of the ordinary British soldier as "Tommy Atkins." This form of nomenclature, as I happened to come across it the other evening in the "Ballads" aforesaid, set me thinking of another Tommy, whom I knew in the early seventies. He began life as a cloth weaver in one of the Yorkshire clothing viilages, and, like all his confreres in that part of the world, was known by a nickname. His sobriquet was "Tommy Waddy," the latter word somewhat approximating to his surname. He got on in the world, started on his own account, and by-and-bye became such a man of means and mark that he rented a warehouse in the market town and a villa in one of its suburbs. His cart on market day mornings used to bring in his manufactured goods from the village and deliver them at his town warehouse. One Saturday morning, his carter—a regular aboriginal Yorkshireman — not finding his employer at the ware- house, and having a particular message to deliver to him, sought him at a neighboring hostelry, where at times he was wont to moisten his clay and labors with a pint of ale, and smoke a " church warden's" pipe. Not seeing him in the bar, his customary resting place, the carter interrogated the landlord: " Hez Tommy Waddy been here?" It so happened that Tommy was in an inner room, and, hearing the query, came forth. Having received his message, he followed his Mercury out, and thus addressed him: " I don't mind ' Tommy Waddy' out at t' mill, but it's a different thing here i't' town! Tha knows I've gotten up i' t' world, an' t' fowk here calls me Mester So-and- so. So tha mum du t' saame, an', when tha speyks to me here, tha mun put t' handie on !" Nothing more was said, but a month or two after, the same carter, not finding his "boss" at the warehouse, again looked for him at the pub. Not seeing him he asked Boniface if " Tommy Waddy" were there. This brought the employer from the inner room in anger : "Didn't I tell thee," he cried, " to call me Mester So-and-so ?" The man turned an amused countenance on him, and exclaimed: "My eye, Tommy Waddy!" The addendum stuck to him ; he was known as "My eye Tommy" ever afterwards and if any plain " Tommy" was mentioned colloquially, the inquiry would be: " Do you mean Tommy So and So- as the case might be —or " My eye Tommy ?" * * * The London " Globe" has the following advertisement, which, it informs its readers, reached it from Cambridge :— " Wanted, a steady, respectable young man to look after a garden, and milk a cow, who has a good voice and is accustomed to sing in a choir ! !" This is what Mr Sam Waller would have called " comin' it rayther powerful." I should like to see and hear this gifted bovine vocalist. The French have a proverb: "Ce n'est que le premier pas qui coute," which, being interpreted freely, may be taken to mean that it is only the first attempt at any new thing that presents difficulties. This quadruped-chorister is only just a little ahead of the times; the miracle of to-day is but the common place incident of to-morrow. Just as when one sheep rashes through a gap in a hedge, or over a log, the rest of the flock make no bones about following ; so now that this skilled cantatrice—is she a soprano or a "lady tenor," I wonder?—has overcome her natural modesty, and taken this new departure, it may be expected that other talented artistes of the same ilk will arise and take the musical public by storm. " Stalled oxen " in cathedrals and parish churches will certainly be a novelty, and will impart quite a marvel of literal interpretation to a verse in the Psalms that comes up periodically for chanting;—" Many oxen are come about me; fat bulls of Bashan close me in on every side !" * * * The Emperor of Germany would have made a fine crusader. No quarter to be given; the flashing sword of vengeance to be so imbrued in Chinese blood that, for a thousand years to come, there will be no more battles and breezes; but the Chows will be so cowed that their almond eyes will not look " askance" at Germany. How about those who squint ? Has he any nostrum for mailing them look straight? And this policy of blood and iron is to be adopted " to prepare the way for Christian civilisation!" The Kaiser claims to rule by Divine right, and to be the vicegerent of Heaven. His grasp of the ethics of Christianity seems to be—to put it mildly—-an uncertain one. He evidently thinks with a Trans- atlantic bard:— Civlysation doos git forrard Sometimes upon a powder cart ! 