HODSON'S BEST HAN. A Military Incident, The Plymouth express was really doing bar level best on her way to intercept the P. and O. boat outward bound for Karachi and Bombay. But it was much too slow for one of her passengers, mid as much too fast for another who shared the carriage with him, and helped to litter it-with tho muliifarions articles which go to make up tiio the kit of the British officer on foreign service. Too slow for George Smyth, who longed to get the journey over and find himself pack amongst the little brown Gburkis his soul loved and all the excitement of the Frontier Cam paign. Too fast, muich too fast, for young Dick Hodson, his friend and fellov,' oflieer, who had just left his promised wife on Paddington platform, and whose generally cheery face now ?were a look of the most settled melancholy. " Cheer up, Dick !" Srnyth said at last, throwing down his paper; " saj' ing good-bye is a poor .amusement, but we've all got to get through it sometimes. And I've only promised her six months at the cutsido to get tho trousseau ready." Dick smiled mournfully. " Easy enough for you, ' old bachelor,' " he paid, " but 3-ou simply do not know what good-bye means. Just wait till you're in my place 1 " The elder man picked up his paper again wiih an odd littlo twisted smiie. "Perhaps I don't, Die.';," he said, and disappeared onco more behind tho Times. But presently, when Dick was once more completely absorbed in a blind contemplation of the landscape, Smyth quietly brought out of his pocket a small gold locket carefully encased in wash-leather. Por quite a long time ho looked down at a bright girlish face which smiled at him from within. Then ho closed tho locket and put it softly to his lips—''l'll bring him back, dear," he whispered, " or stay onfc there myself." - He slid the locket back into its resting place, and walked across the carriage. " Wake up, old boy i " ho said, put ting his hand on Dick's shoulder— " she'll be as proud as Punch of that D.S.O. which is waiting for you out there ! And think how it will look in the papers —' On the so an so inst., at St. George's, Hanover Square,' or whatever sanctuary you may select for the honor, " Captain .Richard Hodson, D.5.0., to Margaret, only daughter, etc., etc." Hodson smiled. "Yea, and don't you forget another important item in the report—' Captain, or Major it will be then, George Smyth performed all the arduous duties of best man with his usual courtesy and elegance'— we're not going to have that left out, I can tell you, though I believe even now your thinking how to get out of it!" " Not for worlds, Dick ! If I've to brinj- the Mad Mullah himself along at the end of a rope, I'm goin** to be on the spot to see you too fixed ud." " George ?" " Yes." '" What beats mc i 3 how- you, who knew her ever since she was a girl, could help falling in iove with'ner yourself ? Smyth's bronzed face flushed slightly. > "Don't know, old man," he said at m.3t, " out I think ATature cut mc out tor an cid bachelor somehow. Hullo i . 23 3 ; ;>-' :u 't ; ana a bullet snipped the pole foot. "Confound it all," came in a s'oeov grumble from the darkness, " that's" a bit too much :" Acamp bedstead creaked thankfully, and next moment a head was thrust oat of the tent. ~ -^" c J moon -was full, and tho lines of the British camp stood out as clear as daylight in the hollow. All around it the black mountains rose like the sides of a huge chipped bowl. Satpust now the bowl's orim was twinkling with- little sparks of fire which kept flashing out at odd inter vals, causing grievous wrath and evil-speaking among the sleepless men. -cor each spark meant a wily sniper snugly lying under cover, with a civilised rifle at each shoulder, and the big white camp beneath hies in the distance as a target which even an Afridi sharpshooter could hardly mis 3. Tang! Another bullet sang" by— overhead this time—and the flash which heralded it had sparkled from a spur of rock scarcely SCO yards away. The watcher marked the spot. "We could cut that fellow off, any how," he muttered, as he dived back into the taut. " I wonder if Smyth's awaae ?" lu_ a couple of minutes he stepped out mto the moonlight, strapping a revolver round his waist, and hurried to a tent at the end of the line. He squeezed his headdnsido the dan and v.-nistled sottly. "Who's there?" asked a --ruff "voice. ? The-visitor untied tho fastening at last, and slipped inside. "It's I Hoason," he said; "wake up—l've got a game on that will suit you nicely." J The owner of tho tent sat uo grumbling, and struck v match. 'Hullo, Dick," he f:; id sieenily: '".;,- ? :i vxvih is up ?" '; That 1" said Hodson, as auother ' i-bat fellow s down below tho rid.-c making fancy shoot ; at Bi l Wared. He's right out by himsslf, Boat bit ot stalking. So just get' into your boots and come along quick." " Don't bo a fool Dick ! "Why cr.n't you utaj' in bed and try r.nd get eomo fileep ?—j'ou'll want it to morrow. Besides, ha v/ou't hit any thing !" * j " Won't ho, by Jove ! Hoe gottho range, r.nd put a shot bang into my tent. I'm going, anyhow. I've had about enough of him, and the men c:-.u't got r-'.iy uleep v.'iLh those, brutes j popperiny away all night. So good- j night, ir you won't co:nc." Suiyth. s.v.r hia Triond'c ."igi-re blacken in the doorivny. 'i'hen for | ons hateful iustr.nt temptation surged 'up hut within him to lot him go— alone. There ires danger, r.nd ho might not return. Then The moment paused. But it left the. sv.'eat standing on his forehead. Hβ sprang up with .1 jor!^ " Dick !" ho shouted, and hardly know the voice for his owu. Ihe steps returned, and Dick's head was thrust in again. "Hullo!" he sr.id ; "I thought you'd XT ant to come, after all. Good !" " "Well, wait a. bit !" Smyth growled. " If you really won't leave the poor harmless boggr.r alone, I suppose I must coma and Jook after you. I>ly j ' best man' duties beginning nire-sdy," J ho multnred, struggling into his boots, j Presently the two mon stole out of j the tent, and stood for a moment in ! the shadow behind. j " Mark forward !" Dick chuckled flippantly, .is another flash came from the spur. The bullet pang overhead. : " He's lost hia elevation, though !" The gentry grinned as they gave the countersign. ! " 'Ope they'll nip the begg.-sr," he cr.uUongly across the opon ground to wards the cliffs. '?'.ii's n. precious sight !..11 i-.-iir llip target, 'c is I" Half-an-hour's climb landed them panting, but c-.nrpririiiely intact, at the top of tin- .-pur. " Where jd lio?" iloil<-;.>u isjiispercj And the question was aniuver-jd next moment by a :;hot which r.-in-> out :il- Hodson wriggied cautioner to tho edge and peered over. Thirlv foet below, and apparently over space, ho made out the i>p:id and shoulders of a white figure, h ing fi<it oa its stomach ; the rest of the body was hidden by a bulge in the cliff, face. Presently, ::s they 'watched, tiie figure movoil, and a well-oiled riile- I barrel glistened £11 ths laoon'ight. j Smyth nodded, and llodsov.'s hand j crept noiselessly to his belt, and then slowly, very sJov.iy, hia arm stretched downwards over the edge. This time the report rang out was crisp;-r than its predecessors, and with c short, choking grunt from below. The wbit3 form, stiffened for an instant on its elbows, and then col lapsed 'imply. "Xo a:or-: , , pot-sheis .vo ~ou, :r. friecd I" And Ilodsou iuraeJ—:o ii:r£ Smyth, with his bad: t-)-.var:!s him, staring inisiiilr dowa ths ;!a;h f.;9r had just ciimbai. " Look thors I" j And Hodden looked. Wha.l hs saw not reassuring. Two hundreds yards away a score of dim. figures wera climbing lika oats over the rceke towards them. " Have they scon us ?" " -^—I don't think so ; but they beard your shot—and there's no cover here." " Good God I look there!" Further up and taking a slanting coarse along tho eras:, wc-rs more 1 moving specks. Their second h'ne of retrsac was cut off now. Smvth 3pun 1 roand again on his stomach to the i ?' .last a caasce," he muttered, !ia': ? j " if ws cas get there 1" { . or.iV7Jed along the ougo, look ing for tae p"2C3 -.v-iero ths man had gone down. They found it—a narrow crack :n the cliffs face, j Somehow ar last taev rs-.ehe'- a narrow broken shelf beneath their feet. They edged psrilously along, Smyth first, until the edge ended abruyriv round a sudden corner in a uar-ow jutting platform. A whits heap lay there with brown arms stickin,"- out stiffty over the edge. Tht-v -jr-juched back against the overhaiigi.-jg rock. Srayth glanced upwards. ", T ,^ 8 y cnu,t sea ns ii wee keop back," he said ; then he eyed the dead man curiously. Suddenly he bent forward, and straddling over the body, lifted it slightly and unfastened a stiff cartridge box from the waiatbolt. With this he quickly propped up the heavy head, firing the bos under neck and chin. Then he bent the stiffening arms and nngers to hold the rifle again, rammino the butt home under the shoulder! When it was done the dead man at their lay once oiore aimiu" over the cansp. ? _Suadenly they heard voices on the cliff above, and someone scoke angrily—" Fools ana sons of fools! it :s he than only, even as I said !" and then called down over the edge, " Good, Omy son ! What quarry for thy hunting, little hawk ?" '? Smyth grasped the ueaa man's ankles and stirred the body slightly. " A fair mark, my father," he an sv.ereu , gruffly, in the same tongue, and waited, silent. " Hast a dry throat, from thy wat-ch iug ?" came the answer, slowly. Then another voice broke in excitedly, but no words reached them. Then a short pause. Suddenly a small stove clropnwl past the dead inan'd Lead, and then another, beiter aimed, rattled 0:1 the barrel of tho rifle. " No go, after ail," Smylhe said, ai;d '? v?ith a quick thrust at th.j feet sent the body over the ledge. " More room now. How many rounds have you got ?" " Belt fall ?" was the answer. ? ''Good! we'll hold them yet." Then he drew his revolver and fired six times quickly, signalling tho sleeping camp. The enemy gave no sign. But at last a noft sliding sound struck on tho straining cars of tho besieged. Inch by inch a daltr head edged forward round the corner. Then the white shoulders. But Hodson was watching. In a eecond a tall figure stood upright, clinging con vulsively to tho reck with" clutching lingers, and timn fell headlong. A duff crash cams up through the quiverim.' "The3-can come that way r.s often as they liko," Hodson said, grimly, as the smoko cleared. " Hurrah ! "look there 1" Lights were flashing to and fro in tho camp. "We shall win though yet, George." Smyth gracped tho outstretched hand. '* Please God, old man 1" he said— but on tho words came a flash from tho far cliff and a bullet chipped off a bit of rock behind them. " Ko, Dick, we're done ? thoy've got -23 safe after all !" " Litv down .'" Smyth raid, sternly, as another bullet bit into tho rock. " Not I, old man," for there was no room for both to lie in the shadow. Another shot came, and this time the aim wr.3 batter. Hodson lurched forward. " I't'c nothing," he said, faintly ; " only tho shoulder—l'm alright." " Ah ! that's better, old boy," said Smyth, as Hodson collapsed in a dead faint. " Now, God, grant mc two minutes." lie thrust hia hand inside Hodson's; tunic, and felt tho blood trickling tasttrom .-ijv.ggea wound low dowri in tho right shoulder. Then he hur riedly made a rough pad of his hand kerchief, and pressed it over tho -.vou.ul, fastening his belt round tii-htly over it to keep the pad in its place. Bullets spluttered on the rock around him, but God gave him his two minutes. He laid Hodson down fud length iv tho dark anode of the rock. -tlm It-it hand groped inside his tunic and pulled out" a little cold locket fastened by a chain round"his neck. " 1 shan't bring him back, after ail," he mattered; "but he'll— get back—all right—if they're only quick." He pressed the locket to his lips fo" a:i uislant tightly. Thsn a bullet took him rull in the chest. Ho swayed a ' ln'tin, but still knelt un in front of Hossimh; body, clinging "dizzily to the rock with his left hand, until ho steadied himself._ Then he unfastened tne locket, and, -jinking back, thrust i- l -into Dick's- clenched hand, "Better there," he' whispered, and tried to : :tnee: up again; but another shot hit him, and then a third. Ha fell back ' just as a scattered volley rang out j nerve.j. ni-.nseir. to n st- nrj-n-j effort, i am: snouting *= Glides 1 Guides !" j ze.ioas* en Reason's bedy. J -Lie tust opeusa a:s eyes when tho I rescuers got them on torn Ths omcer w.-io supported him was Y-uick to j uimw-er the unspoken question > " Hodson's safe," ha said. i For a moment tho glazing eyes I brightened, and the ghost or a smile I flitted across the drawn face. His lips moved. Tell him—to get some one else," came faintly. = Tnen his head dropped forward. "Hodson's '? Best Alan" had failed him after ail. 