ASSORTED COUPLES. TWO LOVERS." . Two lovers sat by & moss-grown spring; They leaned soft cheeks togetherjthere, "Miiigto tbe dark and sunny hair. And beard the wooing thrusbee sing. O budding time 1 O love's best prime 1 Two wedded from the portal stept; The bells made happy carollings, The air was soft aa fanning wings, White petals on tee pathway slept 1 O pure-eyed bride I O tender pride! Two faces o'er tbe cradle bent; Two hands above tlie head wore locked; Those pressed each other while they rocked ! Those watched a life that love had sent O solemn hour ! O hidden power ! Two parents by the evening fire; . The red lightfell about their knees, On beads that rose by slow degrees, Like buds upon the lily spire. O patient life ! O tender strife ! The two still sat together there. The red light shone about their knees; But all the heads by slow decrees tind gone and left the lonely pair. O voyage fast ! O vanished past ! The red light shoDe upon the floor And made tho space between them wide; They drew their chairs np side by side, Their palq cbeeks joined and said, ' One# more V O memories! O past that isl HER QUESTION WAS THE OLD ONE. 44 Mr. Spoouamore," said the young lady, as the two walked along the quiet street or the way to churcli, 44 may I presume upon our somewhat short- acquaintance to ask you a question ?" 44 Why— yes, Miss De Muir/ he answered, turning slightly pale. 44 It is the old, old question, Mr. Spoons- more !" It bad come upon hiin unexpectedly. He was not prepared for it. Long, Joog afterwards he remembered hon her voice trembled, and how thp little hand that rented upon his arm fluttered with a shy nervousness that awoke a responsive chord in bis knees. Long, long afterward he could clore hit eyes and see as vividly as he did »t thai moment every detail of the commonplace landscape that environed him — tbe street, with its rows of gaslamps vtrupgliog in vain to illumine tbe gloom of a cloudy evening, the sleepy lookiug houses that stretched monotonously away until lost in the dim. foggy perspective, the sombre bleak sky overhead, and the occasional pedestrian flit ting about in the semtalsrkaess like an un easy ghost suffering from insoinohia and walking because there was Doihing else tc do. 44 Why— Miss De Muir," he gasped. 44 cer tainly yon— yon : may ask it 4f— if you feel that you must." "Then, Mr. Spoonamore/' she said, halt ing directly opposite a street lamp, and looking tbe trembling young man squarely in the face/4 will you please tell me if my haf is on straight ?' 4 Somebody says that 44 a pretty woman baa ruined mors than one church.'4 Yes, and more than ooe preacher. A Warning. — Lovers should be careful how they act in tbe country, for potatoes have " eyes," com has "ears," and beans "stalk.' The annexed is a choice extract from an album kept at the Niagara Hotel : — 44 Next to the bliss of seeing Sarah, is that of seeing Niagara." The Momentous Question. — Augustus: . Now, Emily, do you love me, or do you not? Emily: WdL if I say X don't, feball I have Lo return your presents? lO444 Love's" Complaint.—" My eyes with tears are red and dim, 'cause he Joves -she and 1 love him; but they'll be better tar and byA when she cuta him and he lqvee -L" 44 "Shall I have yonr hand f" eaid Angus tine to Matilda, as tbe dance was about to commence. ' .With all my heart/1 responded Matilda. +4- A lady, writing verses, says that kisses on her brow are the richest diadem a woman's soul aspires to wear. All right. Bring on your brow, and take your diaaem. A girl _ recently discovered teat she pos sessed jp" a wonderi'ulydegi'ee the (faculty ol mind-rpadiog. > She operated on her lover, and discovered that he was going to kiss her, > . and the event showed that he was right. \- 4-4- A verv loqoaciouB lady calling one (day to, consult ner physician, talked ou pod on with Bucb voluhiUty that the tatter ioould Aot get " a ward-in jadgewsys. fj Giowing impatient lie at length told nw topai'buthertongue, which she did. -, r -. He then said: " Now please keep it there ill you have heard what 2 have jgoftto say te you." I, ...... V- /.-.".i - -..--v 