porting *£jfe turf flotsam and jetsam BT "APEMANTtJg '' Easter, 1900, will long be remembered by all hands as trie wet Easter," so far as Victoria -was concerned, but if the clouds did open their taps and deluge us in this devoted country with the contents ot their reservoirs, the colonies of Soustralia and W.b.W. were m a very much better state, as in those more favoured places the clerk of the weather was in a different humour to cur Victorian meteorological superintendent. Easter Monday is not appropriated by the V.R.C. as a Flemington day, but the meetings at Randwick and Oukapannga have always a great flavour for Victorians, the latter especially, as, somehow or other, we generally manage to take the oysters, whilst we generously leave the shells for the sports of the cereal colony. And although we have, numerically, only a very slight team of Victorians at Randwick, it is pleasing to note that we are more than holding our own. We only sent over to the Mother Colony eight horses, and yet they have won four races, Kinglike being twice successful, Paul Pry once: and La Carabine has been returned the heroine of the Sydney Cup. Maltster fell from his zenith as the boss two-year-old. and was defeated by Haulette, whom he so badly beat at Flemington. In the rich Champagne Stakes he was unequal to presenting the daughter of Haut Krion with his lOlbs. penalty, and she appears to have won easily. They are both grandsons of St. Simon, as was also the third, Portland Light, so this particular strain of English blood has a special and upward grade in Australia. Old Jack's daughter, La Carabine, was most materially helped by the pace cut out for her by her stable companion, Symmetry, aB the Australian Cup winner iB all at home when the pace is really Bolid, and just as she did in the long event at Flemington 60 did she at Randwick-simply Rwamped them all ac the finish. Mr. W. R. Wilson has to be indeed congratulated on La Cara- bine's performance, although it was apparently strange to find the Victorian mare rushed to the head of the betting. It Bhows what a ton of money must have been invested on the St. Albans elect, and Victorians can congratulate themselves on the fact that the chief event ot the A J.C. autumn campaign has been brought to their colony by the aid of a mare bred in Victoria, trained in Victoria, and ridden by a Victorian jockey. But if we are proud of our achievements in the Mother Colony, what shall we say regarding those at Onkaparinga, in S.A., for there we won the Great Eastern Steeplechase of a thousand sovereigns with the Western District horse, Euro, and also ran third with Homer, juBt as last year we won with Domino, and ran third with N.Z.? Strange to say, Bush Lad and Songster both toppled over, whilst our other representative, Mysore, refused to fence. A Grand National winner at Flemington to topple over is a reflection'hard to digest, but facts are as stubborn as post and rail fences. And then we won ailso the Hills Railway Stakes with the aid of the Caulfield trained Harpist, so altogether we may be proud of our representatives in the neighbouring colonies, and it was strange that we at Onkaparinga, after missing in the first three races, annexed the latter trio, as Blue Cap II, who was bought by Jim Scobie out of a Selling Race at Caulfield, won the Disposal Stakes of a mile in that excellent time of 1.40, winning easily by three lengths, so that, if the clock-holder were correct, the son of Sunrise could have put up a newrecord for the mile in Australia. Thekk was considerable doubt expressed all Saturday morning aB to the decision of the Mentone stewards regarding their racing, and the query everywhere was "Are they postponed?" But the meeting was not postponed for an hour or even a minute, and few courses other than Mentone could have withstood the dronching it received and yet be in absolutely perfect condition for racing, so that capital time was made in every event. Of course the attendance suffered heavily owing to the ungenerosity of the weather, but, nevertheless, it was really good, especially under the conditions. Those punters who follow first favourites had a glorious day, as the money won throughout the afternoon, and the fielders had to sing "ThiB ain't the game it's cracked up to be,' 7 but they have given the punters such a doing recently that it is only right the wheel ot fortune should turn the other way occasionally. Mr. ABhehad everything in tip-top style, and the sport shown was of a good order throughout the afternoon, Thk JVla : den Plate, which initiated the proceedings, saw Lock open a strong favourite at G to 4, and then retire to threes in face of the support accorded Inglistou, a Malua geldiug in Leek's stable, but eventuallyfLock recovered his position and started equal with Ingliston. who won all the way after the first furlong ; Lock was second and Destroyer next, but Rue Pilgrim, who was fancied, wae altogether too slow off the mark to hold a ghost of a chance against such speedy sprinters as she met. Ingkegootjuiic was at one time strong in the betting tor the Hurdle Race, but never so firm as Insult. The former retired rapidly in the market and the latter got firmer and firmer, so th»o lie touched 6 to 4, whilst I heard fives called about Ingeegoodbie. Insult won by over a dozen lengths, but the second was not Ingeegoodbie ; itwasParrakeet, whose hall-sister, Parapet, was almost Eimul- tAneously winning the more important Doncaste W B s a f t ^ w s i M S * to lose his dignity by toppling over. — A BAKER'S dozen went to the post for the Flying Handicap, and weight of money was for Starling and Melody II., but a fair amount was invested on Lyddite and Kooma, whilst The Brewer and ilervyn had plenty of friends : iodeed, it was a capital betting race, and the books could not growl about the business they transacted. The two favourites were never very "prominent, and after a great race . , Hardly anything but Dandy Dick would go down for the Mentone Handicap, and he eventually won by a couple of lengths, but it struck my ideas that he was lucky to be so near the post when Peeress came out, as Ehe was rapidly overhauling him, and would probably have done so had the d.stance been a little longer Adjuster was third but the well backed Report d,d not show up at all. THE Steeplecha e was almost a memorable event, thirteen going to thepost. Betting was not t^ohvely over eleven of them, but Sinister and Haut. Ton were supported on left and right for a ton of coin and they had the finish to themselves, although I thought ISAW at least one that could have troubled them: Sinister slightly bungled over the very firs obstacle, and then lay so far out of his ground that when they had still five furlongs to go be was yet shipper I . in. < Then mi. Harry TT Hales U AIOC sat cat. doan rinttn to 1/1 ride, riflfi. and he was through them like a shot, going tour strides to Haut Ton's one, and winning in a canter. Truly, llVl it was a most ...v^-v remarkable x performance. At >n •• • • ' f -" nl J one minute Sinister was at 10 to 1 freely " "Heron offered, without takers, and in the next minute he was at 10 to 1 offered on him, with also no takers, fctamford ran third, but Milan and Blue Peter fell ONCK again was Dandy Dick all the rage for the Welter Handicap, and he ran third, but on this occasion the second favourite, Gunbar, was altogether too much for the TasmanUn bred son of Meleoi, as Gunbar simply lolloped home at his ea?e three lengths in front of Detonator, who comfortably defeated the favourite, whilst the heavily-backed Skvsail was next. SATURDAY next will be occupied by the V.R C. it Flemington.and if the weather have taken up by t hen the re i s bound to be a big attendance on the famous course, although it will probably be a bit heavy for the horses. As the handicaps have not appeared in time for me to examine them, I am precluded from writiug my opinions—and I am not yorry. IT will be noted I say nothing regarding the postponed Williamstown meeting, and the explanation of that silence is the simple one that the particular forme ou which this - - page of - PONCH — appears goes to press too early for me to write upon a Tuesday's meeting, but*really Mr. Sutton and his committee have my sympathies in losing, owing to the bad -weather, such a wonderfully popular holiday as Easter Monday. 