ANGLICAN DIOCESAN SYNOD. MR. AUCHDALL AND THE COLLEGE OF THEOLOGY. ALLEGED "RETROGRADE" BOOKS. MOTION OF REGRET CARRIED. On tho resumption of business at tho Anglican Synod for the diocese of Sydney yesterday, the Archbishop presiding, tbo ordinance to uulboriso tho leasing of certain laud situated ut Liverpool In tho county of Cumberland and to provide for tho application of the rents and profits thereof, introduced by Mr. II. G. Davoy, was read a third Umo and passed. The ordinance Introduced by Mr. F. B. Wilkin son to amend tho ordinance for regulating tho motliod of electing representatives to tho General Synod was road a third time und posBcd. Tho ordlnanco Introduced by Canon Pain to provide for tlio appointment of Archbishops to the Seo of Sydney was read a third tiino and passed. REPRESENTATIVES TO THE GENERAL SYNOD. Tho president announced that the ballot for representatives to the General Synod had re- ' suited as follows; — Archdeacon Langley, Canon Pain, Canon Corlotte, tne ltovs. F. B. Iloyco, J. Vaugban, M. Archdall, Messrs. W. R. Beaver, E. W. Moleswortli, J. Kent, F. W. Uther, C. It. Walsh, and G. W. F. Addison. CIIURCII DAY SCHOOLS. The debate was resumed 011 the Rev. W. I. Carr Smith's motion — "That in the opinion of the ! synod it is desirable to appoint a diocesan board of education to foster the establishment and maintenance wherever possible of church day schools, aud to deal with all educational matters oulsido llie seopo of the committee for religious Instruction In public schools, and other special educational conmill.Lees ulready in existence." Tbo mover asked leave to subotltute the follow- j lug motion — "That a select committee be ap pointed to consider the whole question of edu cation in tbc diocese, and the Church's duty j thoreln, and to confer with existing educational authorities, und that Canon Pain, the Revs. A. j Yarqold, W. A. Charlton, the mover, Messrs. F. W. Uther, W. Warner, A. J. Stiulily, M. D'Arey Irvine be tbo members of the committee." INEFFICIENT CLERGYMEN. Mr. W. M Fairlund asked leave to withdraw the following printed motion, of which ho bud given notice: — "Thul tho unsatisfactory condition I of some of our parishes, and Llie small attend- I allocs ut several of our churches, demands the ! Immediate attention of the heads of tho Church, \ that all inefficient clergymen should be at once ! removed, aud that urrangemonts should be made I by those in authority for persouui Inspection and inquiry at regular intervals into the condition and working of all of tlio parishes." Leave was accordingly given., UNSCIUPTURAL AND RETROGRADE BOOKS. Tlio Itev. Mervyn Arohdall moved — "That Mils synod neroby expresses its great regret tnat tho following books kuvo been recommended by tho Australian School of Theology to Its students, viz.: — (lj Mr. Wakcman's Introduction to the History of tho Church of England, which com mends : — (a) 'The complete reaction against tho Protestant movement of the ltitb century' (p. 492); (b) "The revival of the present century,' which 'means the restoration tho Church of England to the position which It held when Ed ward VI. came to the tin-one' tp. 453). (2) Dr. Muclear's introduction to tbo Thirty-nine Arti cles, iu which the author teaches: (a) That tho thirty-first Article does not refer to the recog nised Roman doclriuo of the Mass, but simply : affirms "that the Eucharistic Sacrllleo neither ac quires nor possesses anything propitiatory in lt- 1 self Independently of that one sacrifice, that it 1 can only apply what was once and once for all I merited by lliut sacrifice' (p. 156); (b) that Justi fication includes 'tho renewal of the Inner man' (p. DM); (e) that 'God tho Holy Ghost Justifies' j (p. 166); (d) that 'merit, liho righteousness, though not "of us" is yet very really in us, and Is, no less than other fruits of graee, our own, given to us as a possession by Him, who with I His Son gives all that . constitutes satisfying ; moral life' (p. 175). (3) Dr. Luekock's "Studies 011 the Prayer Book, which (a) brings serious complaints against the first revisers of our Fraycr Book, ,and (b) even against our present Prayer Book as disfigured by 'most lamcuLable blot' (p. 89), 'a void lor. which nothing but Us full restora tion can ' over afford adequate consolation' (pp. '80, 91), and 'a direct breach of Catholic usage' (p. 102). And this synod earnestly hopes that tho authorities of the Church will discountenance the use by students of these, or other such un- historlcnl, doctrinally unscrlptural, and retro grade books." The resolution. It was claimed, was defensive and not aggressive. The Rev. Canon Iloy-Shnrp,7nB the only repre sentative of the college present, said that tho college was making an effort to stimulate tho clergy to keep up their reading. The secular I universities, tit was to be remembered, had no 1 faculty of theology. It .did not much matter wliat books a candidato used as long as he suc ceeded in satisfying the examiners as to his knowledge of history. Concerning the text iWoks objected to .by Mr. Archdall, books which the synodi was 'asked to say were unhistorlcul, doctrinally unscrlptural, and retrograde, how many' members of tho synod had actually read them? They should be read bofore judgment was passed upon them. It appeared to him ab surd beyond words to ask a popular assembly to judge books 'unread by tlio majority. He thought, on the contrary, that gratitude was due to the authorities of the collego for their labors. The Rev. W. .H. H." Yarrlngton spoke in support of- tho motion. There was, ho said, danger of disruption in the Church, which, unless tho eyes of all wero opened, ; would end In destruction, j They should go hack to tho old primitive coudi- , tlons which prevailed in tho earlier centuries of j tho Church. . V'- ' ' Mr. C. O. Burge argued that tho synod was not I competent to judge tho books in question, seeing that they were quite unfamiliar to most of the ' members.' Ho bogged to movo the previous question. ' Dr. Corletto soconded- tho amendment. I The Rev.' R. E. Goddard said that for his part ho had. not seen two books out of the tbree in question. He was thoreforo. not in a position, to give an Intelligent and enlightened vote, aud he was sure thnt many other meiiibers were simi larly Bituated. As It was, they wero asked to judge on tile strength of isolated and selected passages. Ho was of opinion, that they should vote ngnlnst tho motion of Mr. Archdall. Mr. W. Crane did not soe tho necessity of their reading tho books In detail In order to m-rivo at a dcelsion. Tho extracts quoted by Mr. Archdall hud not been answered. Tho Rov. A. B. Yarnold regretted that tho subject had been brought before the synod, whlcli ho did not think should bo the arena far such discussions. Tho synod did not consist ot theological oxperts, nnd tbo members bad no authority to consider theological questions, and pass sentonco of condemnation on eminent tlteo- logiclans. All that lie know about two of the i three books was what, ho bad been told by Mr. 1 Archdall, and I10 had 110 raltli In Mr. ArelidaTl's Infallibility. The motion bad arisen out of a 1 superstitious dread of the Eplscopato. Mr. Arch- i dall as a self-constituted nurse, wanted all the 1 students ot tbo School of Theology fed with milk ! from one tub. I Judgo Decker spolto in. favor of tho previous ! question being put. ; The Chairman thought it would be a pity to carry llie motion of Mr. Arehduli, with whose In- I trillions he had much sympathy. Tho relations i between the synod and tlio college authorities were such that coin plain! s and suggestions could 1 bo made to the latter 111 a litter way. lie would I ask Mr. Arehduli to reply beforo ho put any I motion. Otborwlso there would be a prbspcct of tbo dolMito going 011 for days. The Rev. M. Archdall said that, the only serious t answer made to Ills charges was that Ills quota- ' lions wero inacciirale uinl unralrly taken from I their contoxt. He would, therefore, by leave of 1 the synod, read actually from the books, and ! members could cheek lilin. The argument Unit ' tbo synod was incompetent to deal with tlio qucs- 1 tlon was a monstrous one. They wero ChrisLlan I men, guided by tho Holy Gliost. Everyone of thom was as responsible as any bishop oil tho bench. They would bo responsible If they shut their eyes and let the Church gallop 4o tho Pa pacy. He repudiated the claim that ho had sprung U10 matter upon the synod. It had been said that his motion amounted practically to charges of heresy, and that was not true. Mr. Burgo's amendment that tbo previous mo tion bo now put was lost on a vote, and. there upon Mr. ArclidaH's nvo'tton was carried. 