BURNIE. . -. The Bishop of Tasmania .will, preach at Stowpprt at:9.lS'to-morrow morning, and will hold confirmation sesvicEs' at Burnie at 11, Somerset at'S, and Wynyard at 7. Among the passengers : who: arrived from Ulverstone by coach yesterday were Messrs T. A. Tabart, Chief Inspector of Stock, and Mr -A. Conlon, Government Dairy Expert. . They are on tour through north-western districts, giving managers of factories Bpecial instruction and direc tions in connection with the technical processes in the production of cheese, butter,- etc This morning Mr W. Jones (chairman of the Town Board), will drive the visitors to the Emu Bay Butter Fao tory, where the expert will give a practical demonstration of his teaching. Messrs Tabart and Conlon go on to Stanley on Monday, and on their return Mr Conlon will leoture at Wynyard on Wednesday, and at Burnie on a date to be fixed. \- A young man named Albert Brown, son of Mr Jaines Brown, of New Country road, met with a painful accident on Thursday afternoon. He was UBing an axe when he accidentally almost severed one of his fingers. He came to Bnrnie and had the member amputated. _ .';-'?' .:''!' ? Sub-Inspector Colhoun, of Stanley, who has been away from his duties on a holiday during the past 'fortnight, -passed through Bumie by late coaoh on Thursday night on his 'return to '' Stanley. Mr Colhoun was much.- benefited .by his rest. The Henry Company are. returning to, Burnie, next week', when they .will produce the sensational drama; 'Outlawed Kelly.'1 Wynyard and Stanley will be visited sub sequently, The'Rev-Ti'Adamson; president of the Wes'oyan Methodist Conference of- 'Vic1 toria and Tasmania, who ia touring the colony in the interests of ' Methodism, arriyed: at Burnie by coach yesterday -afternoon, and ';? was tendered, a hearty welcome at a meeting at' the' Town Hall last' night.; Tfie Rev W. Hamilton pre sided. Revs C. Mason and W. H. Walton welcomed the visitor in . appropriate and kindly remarks. The president gave a Btirrine address, touching on Methodist union,' .-Imperial- unity, Federation, Education, Methodist aims for the new ? century, missionary - ' enter prise' and future. ' open ., doors.'. In conclusion he made a touching appeal to the young to take a firm hold of their great privileges which were dawning upon tfiem with the|new century and to bravely bear their responsibilities. During _ the evening Miss Scott rendered a solo nicely and Miss Adamson sang with effoct ' The lost chord.' The customary votes of thanks', concluded the meeting, after which a coffee supper was held and \^ell patron ised.' r Hov ? Adamson leaves for the- West Coast this morning. . Last night choral service and even song was held at St George's Church, it being. St Andrew's Day. .There^wa^ a large congregation.' The Bishop' of Tas mania gave a' very interesting address on tho jubilee of the Australian Board of Mission's.' The choir also sang -speoial hymns. HisLirdship willconduet'a don firma'ion Bervice at Cam Road West at,.5 p.m. to-day. He leaves for Zechan .on Monday morning. ' ^ \- Mr; H.. B. Kilburn, manager .of, the Burnie branch of the Bank of Austral asia, returnra from a holiday trip to Vic toria by ths S3 Penguin yesterday morn-, ing. ' He takes up his duties? on -Monday morning. ? ' ' . ' Professor and Madame Davis ? and company will oponatthe Town Hall-this evening, where, no doubt, they will receive as good a reception as they have else where. There have been so many- frauds perpetrated under the name of spiritualism that an exposure of the methods adopted in ' raising ghosts ' always causes a large amount of interest. Mrs Davis' perform ance is an extremely clever one. When in a trance state tho lady describes minutely and accurately any article selected by the audience, even giving answers to questions merely thought of with surprisiog effects. In addition to the mystical, a ventriloquial entertainment of high order is given, the audience being kept in roars of laughter. Various other magical feats and the latest songs and witticisms help to complete an entertainment replete with interest and amusement. % 