A quantity of matter (Including a number ' of letters to tho editor) is crowded out. Saturday was a fino day, but Sunday muruiug sot in wot, aud intermittent light raiu. with signs of continuance, has been falling t-inou. Some farmers' stato that thoy weloomo the rain, the wcathor this season having proved rUher dry from an agricultural polut of view. After a fino dAy on Saturday (writes our Lairobo oorrospondont) web weather again sont in, showers fulling at frcqueub intervals during Sunday aud yesterday. The weather is very wintry (writes our Sheffield correspondent). Sunday was cold and oloudy, aud rain foil oarly yes terday morning, oontinulng all day. Tho cold, thiek, misty rain has made tho roads very sloppy. During the last fow days (writos our Wilraot correspondent) we have had some very aovero frosts, with nice fine days following, although r.ow there appears to be a change. So far, tho weather has boon very good for out-donr work. Gold rain sob in on Suuday morning (writos our Penguin correspondent), ancl continued ail day and night, the wind at times being vory strong. Yestorday there was very little improvement, a drizzling rain fulling. Tho following wore tho collections at tho local Customs office for the wook endod Saturday: — Duti.'A : Tobaooo, £130 164 ; other goods, £257 04 3d : total, £387 16i 3d. Bond ohargea : Rents and charges 10s 7d. Marino Board ohargea : Wharfage, £45 17s 3.1 1 li »hfc duos, £15 17a 9J ; harbor duos, £28 lis 8d ; export wharfage, £12 16s ; miscellaneous, £15 IS- 61 ; total, £118 16 2d. Grand total, £507 3s. Tho collections for the corres ponding period of last year were £377 .b 4d. By tho afternoon train from Ulver atone yesterday, tho Treasurer (Hon B. S. Bird) passed through Dovonport. He was interviewed ab the station by the wardens of the Meraey'-Marlno Board rolativo to tho training wall at East Dovonport. He agroed with tho conten. tion of the hoard that ftmdors should be oalled for the work, provided that tho dupartmenb was not in any way bound thereby. At the meeting of tho board, held subsequently, it was decided to ask formal permission to invite tonders for tho .work. During tho fow minutes' stay of the Hon the Treasurer at Dovonport yester day, ho was interviewed by Mr R. D. Stewart regarding tho" insufficiency of ac commodation at tho West Devonport Statu soho il. On tho fnots being pointed out to him, the hon gentleman promised that every. consideration should bo given to the matter. One of tho oldest settlors in tho district, Mr William Excoll, sen, passed away suddenly on Saturday (writes our Sheffield correspondent), while sitting at tho tea table. He was to all appearance in his usual health, had takeu a good tea, and was sitting reading tho paper when ho fell over. His son went to his assistanoo, but he was quite dead. The deceased camo to the distriot nearly 40 years ago, and had considerable property. He has left a large family of sona and daughters, in cluding Mrs Schmidt, Mrs Albert York, .Mrs A. MoNabb, aud one at homo. The deceased was very highly respected. The fmioral took place yesterday, leaving the deceased's late rosidunee at 2 o'olock for tho Sheffield cemetery,' One of Castro's pioneers passed away at Ulverstoao on Sunday afterooon, at the residence of his daughter-in-law, In the puwon of Mr Donald Marquis, Hen. Mr Marquis settled at Oastra nearly 40 years ago, where he brought up a large family, and made a living off his selection, in spitoof the difficulties met with by the pioneers. He was a hale and hearty man until a couple of years ago, when ho had a severe illness, from whtoh ho uever properly recovored, finally becoming very ; ill a few weeks ago, when he was removed from his Oastra home to Ulveratone aud died as above stated. .He leaves a widow and grown up family to uiourn their loss. Mr Alexander Mather, an old resident: (writes our Penguin 'correspondent), died rathor auddonly on Friday. Ho had been ailing for some time, bub nothing serinua was anticipated, and tho end came almost without warning, his wife, fortu nately, being present at the time. Under the oircumstancos an inquest was hold, and, after hearing tho- medical evidenco, a verdiot was given of death from natural eauses. The. funerai took" pUoe on Sun. ; day, the Rev-W. Earle conducting the service at the oemetery. Porter 0. Watts (writes our Latrobo correspondent) had the misfortune to in. jure .his back whilst lifting a bag of flour' into the guard's van at the local railway station yesterday. Dr . Stewart, who promptly attended tho sufferer, states it will bo some days before he will be able to resume his duties. At ma9 at West Dovonport on Sunday the Rev. J. J. Nuone read the balance- sheet of the jumblo fair hold last month in aid of the Convent sohool. The fair resulted in a profit of about £15, which was considered very oreditable. The rev gentleman thought that something should bo got up orery year "with the objteb of reducing the debt on the sehoul and con vent, and proposol that a baziar be hold on New Year's Day. He promised to do all in his powor to induce the congrega. tioua of the surrounding parities to co operate in making it a aucoias. That being his first visit since his preferment, tho rev gentleman road the letter ho had re- o.'ivcd from His Grace the Archbishop of Hobart, giving him official notification of his appointrm nt as Arohdeiroa, which, he remarked, was an honor to the congrega tion as well as to himself. It is probable a public meeting will be held at an oarly date at Riana to ventilate road requirements, so that Ministers may not ho able to say thoy wero not asked to help in providing the neoessary roads. A mysterious fire occurred at abpn6 10 o'oluck on Saturday night, when two staoks of straw, belonging to Mr R. D. Stewart, standing in a paddock on the Raunoch estate, wero totally destroyed. The origin of the fire haB not been ac counted for. One stack consisted of wheaten and the other of oaten straw, and tbe two contained about 60 tons A wedding was solemnised at tho res! dence of tho bride's parents, Don, yeator day, tho contracting parties being Mis Ada Yiixloy (oldest dauxhfcor. of Mr Mitthow Yaxley, of the Don) and Mi Gonrqo Roddatn (of Hobart, and formorly of Virginia, U.S.). Tho brldo was glvou \way by her father, the bridesmaid being Miss Maddron (oousin of tho bridegroom), and tho boat man. Mr W. Yax'ey (brother of tho bride). Tho brldo wore- a pretty cistumo of navy bluo and khakoo, with silk oh ffon veil aud orange blossoms, the bouquet boing of whito oricA and maiden-: hair fern. For hor travelling costume th « brido wore a tnllor-mado oistumo of navy bluo sorgo, and hab of khakoo and oh otrio bluo. Tho happy oounlo left for Uobarb by tho afternoon train, amidst showers of rlco and good wishes/ Tho presents wore nutneroui and costly. A quiet wedding (writos our correspon dent) took place nt Latrobo yesterday morning, tho oontraoting parties being Mr Goorgo Randal), of tho 14Milo (Emu Biy-BiflchofT railway), nnd Mbs Amdlia Coldhill, daughter of tho Into Mr David Coldhil). Tho ceremony was performed by tho Rov W. Hogg at tho roaidonce of tho mother of tho bridegroom, Mr David Ooldhil), jun, boing bast man, and Miss Mnggio UaudAll bridesmaid. The bride was nicely costumed In tiavy bluo sorgo, with whito silk bodico front; and ohiff <n trimmings. 4 After partakiug of the wedding breakfast, tho nowiywedded couple left by the mid-Jay train, amid showers of rice, for their future home at tho 14-Milo. It is time (writes our Penguin corres pondent) some move was made towards orgauisiug a. demonstration on Annexa tion Day for this district. If sorao sports for old and young wore arranged for tho afternoon, with a procession and concert at night, it would givo All a ohanoo of 6d> j-iyiug the oelebration in their own way. Tho children should bo specially oitorod for, and so help to make tho occasion os- pocially memorable to tiiom. A movement is on foot to alter tho present position of tho Riana State sohool, and to ask the Governmont to ereob a salt- Able sohool and residence. It is urged that at the present time there aro a number of ohitdrou just out of sohool distance on tho Penguin aide, and that if the school wore two miles noaror Penguin it would oatoh these. If this wero dono it would also uccoasitato a sohool at South itiana. whore at prosont several families are boyond the reach of the prosont sohool, whilst some can just roaoh it. Tho matter is boing brought under tho notice of Ministers. Despite the unfavorable weathor on Sun dAy morning, a very largo oongrcgatlon assembled at tho AVosleyan Church, West Dovonport, on tho occasion of tho military church parade. Oaptaln J. H. McOali, thirty members of tho battalion, and twenty of the East Dovonport oadots wore prosont. The hymns aud Anthom wore appropriate, and thq Rov J. L. Oopo, who had boon requested to conduct tho service, preached from 2nd Timothy, chapter ii, versos 3 and 4, "Suffer hardship with Me, as a good soldier of Jesus Ohristr No soldior on sorvlco entangloth htmsolf with tho affairs of this life ; that ho may ploase Him who enrolled him as a soldior." Tho rov gentleman referred to the early and necessary habit of "mechanical obedi- enco, represented In tho drill and disolp- lino of oanip life, rising into intolloctnal acquiosonce as tbe aim of the commander !b apprehended, and finally into the highest phase of spiritual obodlonco, when tho oharaoter of the goneral is known, and he \h beloved for what ho ia. Then, and not till then, did obedionco reach its highest expression. Such a man was leading tho army to viotory — striot in tho point of. his discipline, able in tho formation and exe cution of a plan, And, ahnve all, beloved by every mau in the ranks. It was that which rendered the army victorious, and It was thoso very olomonts that are re quisite in the Christian warfare— obedi ence that was unhesitating, was with con viction, and charged with love to Christ. The preaoher was listened to attontlvely throughout. After the service the band played the troops to tho pos« office, where thiy wore dismissed. There was a big master of the local rificmon at the Rifle Hall on Saturday night (writes our Penguin correspondent), for tho quarterly inspcotion. Oaptaln Gurn.»y was to havo boon presont, but failed to appear, 'so the duties devolved upon Lieutenant Bfowu. There were 42 men in tbo ranks, all of whom ware sworn in for the ensuing year, Mr J. D. MuKonna, J. P., attending for that pur- pose. A number of recruits,, chiefly from the Riana dotaohmont, wore measured for uniforms, and it was oviddut that Cor poral Swifto had taken muoh pains to push this detachment on. It is probablo that . tho Pooguin, Sulphur Creek, aud- Riana detaohmonts will shortly, be. formed into a separate .company, with Pengniu as headquarters, and thlswill give .thorn more offioers thau'nt present. Mauy of the uniforms showed signs of age, and m :ro greatcoats were found to bo neces sary, but, beyond a hope that these wants would soon be attended to by the powers that bo, nothing oould be done. With those exceptions, everything was found in a satisfactory condition; Arrangements aro being made for a weekly drill at Kline's Hall for West Pine and Riana inombers, which has been much needed. Another desideratum Is a rifle range for praotioo for. thesj dwellers in the back blocks. . Complaints were, mado by tbe mvn who wero anxious to bogln class- firing of their inability to obtaiu tho noco88ary ammunition. Lfeutonant Brown stated that application hud been mado for it long ago, out, from some unknown reason, none had borne to band, and all the privately-purohased ammunition had been issued. A blearing boo to improve the rifle range was arranged for at an early date. - - ' ; \- A tank (writes; our correspondent) is being erected at the Railton railway sta tion, and the water supply is to' be pumped. by a; windmill from theRedwater. Creek. In the case of goods trains, such a convenience was muoh needed, the engine having at times to steam from; Dunorlan to Deloralne for wafer, no rail way tank existing between the latter station and Devonporb. A bolt' (writes our correspondent) oo-. currod at the Latrobo railway station on ' Satarday.' A horse attached to a grocery cart, belonging to Mr W. H. Keam, was left standing in tbe railway yard, when the animal took fright, ab some tracks whioh wore boiug shunted. Though one of the wheels of the vehiolo was looked, tho animal started ont of the yard and proceeded along Gilbert street. The Rev U. Worrall happened to be standing out- sido Mr G. M. Bond's shop at the time, and as the runaway was passing, plaokily sprang into tho cart, from behind, secured tho reins, and piUed up the horso. within 60yds. 1 . xSome foolish individual has of late been frightening prqule in the Rlana'distriot by essaying the ghost' business, but,- though' he has escaped sn far, ho had better bo oaroful, for, the whife; sheet may- prove most inadequate protection from what may befall him if oortaln parties sucojed In seonring him, Mr Havcnhaiid(icorelary of tho 'Mufe- king wing" fund) has oommunicated with concert secrobarics in various Ooait towns, inking ABBistauce in the moveraoot to at, euro sufficient funds for tho ereoticnof 'ho proposed wing ab the Devon Cottage Hospital. There is no dqubt tbo appeal will be readily responded to. 'The Annual mooting of tho Dovonport Poultry, Dog, and Dairy Produce Society is oallod for to-morrow evening, at 8 o'clook, in the local town hall. 