IN FULL CRY. By Richard Marsh. CHAPTER XXIII. A Voice From the Other Side. In front of the house was a muddy pond, partially filled with water, whose surface was was coated with green slime. On one side of this was a hedge. Between the pond and the hedge was a narrow, ill-kept footpath which led to a broken clapper gate. Within this gate was what had once been a garden of a fair size, but which was now little less little less than a piece of waste land, so overgrown was it with weeds and thistles. About the centre of this piece of ground was was the house itself, a one storied erection, built of stone, with a slate roof. As Mr. Polhurston stood at the gate he felt that he had never seen a more unpromising abode. Everywhere were the marks of ruin and decay. From the appearance of things, it was years since a spade had been put into the ground. A small outbuilding which stood on one side of the house, and which had, possibly, once been a cowshed, was falling to pieces. Of what had once been a pig stye, nothing was left but rotting timbers. The house itself stood badly in need of repairs. The one chimney pot was a shattered wreck. Slates were missing from the roof, green moss covered most of those which were left ; while on one side flourished a patch of vigorous nettles. It was difficult to believe that anyone could be living in so neglected a dwelling-place, and when one reflected on its aloofness from other human inhabitations, that the nearest house was almost a mile sway, and had to be reached through narrow, winding lanes which, at this season of the year were made almost impenetrable—and remembered that it was the abode of a young and pretty girl, who was its sole occupant, one could but hope, for her own sake, that she was fond of solitude, that her nerves were in good order, and that she had ways and means of her own for preventing the time hanging too heavily on her hands. The place seemed so utterly deserted, and so wholly void of signs of life, that, as he picked his way between the thistles which hemmed in the narrow path, Mr. Polhnraton concluded that the girl herself must be away. He was, therefore, the more surprised when, almost as soon as his knuckles touched, the panel, which stood badly in need of repainting, the door opened, and the girl stood confronting him on the threshold. The girl's startling resemblance to the one who was gone, the suddenness with which she had opened the door, these things, joined to a consciousness of the delicate nature of his errand, and to his retrospective and even more morbid mood, tended to disconcert him. He stood hesitating, as if doubtful what to say. It was she who addressed him. "Well ? What do you want?" "I wish to speak to you. May I come in ?" She drew back, so as to permit him to enter, then closed the door. His awkwardness had not deserted him, even after his entrance. He still continued tongue-tied, staring at her as if she were some spectre, instead of a creature of flesh and blood. It was again she who broke the silence. "I knew you would come." Even her voice was another's. He stared about him like a man in a dream—dimly realising that whatever the house might appear without, within it was a model of neatness and order. The scanty furniture was polished till it shone again. The stone floor was spotlessly clean. The kitchen utensils were examples of unremitting care. Nowhere was there a suspicion of dust. Some half dozen books were on a shelf at one side. The only ornament which the room contained was the cabinet portrait of a young man, which hung against the wall. Seeing the preoccupation of his mood, ehe repeated what-she had said, as if- abe supposed it had been unheeded. "I knew you would come !" Her voice caused him to glance at her again. As he did so, it was as if a flood of memory swept over him. He seemed to be looking, in very deed and very truth, at his boyhood's love. The resemblance was little short of marvellous. It was not only an affair of form and feature, but of expression, pose, a dozen little tricks of speech and gesture which were as fresh in his recollection as on the day on which he had seen them last. A wild, unreasonable desire sprang up within him to take her in his arms and strain her to his breast; but it was a desire which was not to be encouraged, for—for some reason which, as yet, was strange to him—in her bearing there was hardness, scorn, almost rage, which was far from suggesting caress. "You knew that I should come ? "Yes. I knew it." "Then you know who I am ?" "I should think I do know. I ought to. You are Mr. Blaise Polhurston." "I am. I trust that you also know that I was a friend of your mother's." In his voice there was a note of tenderness which was very far from finding an echo in hers. "Her friend ? Her enemy, you mean." "Her enemy ? God forbid ! - That I never was." "Your mother and you hounded her to death between you." "You are under some strange delusion. I would have given my life to have saved hers. Indeed, I have given her the best part of it as it is." "You were not only my mother's enemy, you are also mine !" "Yours. I am your enemy ? You dream !" Her manner of addressing him was so entirely different to anything which he had expected, that he was taken more and more aback. "Do you think that I know nothing of what goes on in the world ? You credit me with too much ignorance. Do you think that I don't know that my father - my father -" she repeated the word with added emphasis— "has been murdered, and that you have all his money, and that I, his child, have none. You hounded my mother to her death—for all I know you have had a hand in the killing of my father—you take the inheritance which should be mine, and then, when I say you are my enemy, you exclaim that I dream. What, then, in your judgment, goes to the making of an enemy ?" He sank on to a chair which was at his back. Her words were so unexpected, the charges with which she assailed him so unlooked for, that, in the first flush of his amazement, he could but stare—a fact on which she placed her own interpretation. "Does your conscience prick you that you stare at me as if I were a ghost. I had supposed, from what I have heard of you, that you had got beyond the stage in which you would be likely to find a conscience a troublesome possession." "You are mistaken. My conscience still troubles me more than sufficiently at times, though not for that which you suggest. There it's clear. Until the last few hours I did not know - that a child of your mother was living, and, still less, that Howard Shapcott was your father." "Oh, yes, he was my father. I'm a child of shame, doubly and trebly. My mother committed suicide, my father was murdered: what can I do to oomplete the tragedy ? All my life fingers have been pointed at me. I've been told that I'm a girl without a name, a thing apart, a creature marked with an ineffaceable brand." "You are sure you don't exaggerate ?" "Exaggerate !" She laughed — not a pleasant laugh to hear issuing from a young girl's lips. "Ask the parish if I exaggerate. Ask the first person on whom you come if I'm not Helen Fowler's child; if my mother didn't drown herself because she couldn't face the shame of having borne me; If I didn't call myself by my mother's name only because I've no right to that of any other; if I haven't been the cause of all the trouble at the great house; and if there's any better prospect for me than to do as my mother did, or worse. My mother's folk threw those things in my face so long as any of them were living, and now that they are gone, what is there for me to do but to stay here, all alone, and think of them, morning, noon, and night?" " You could hardly have chosen a more unhealthy occupation. No wonder your mind is filled with such imaginings. A young girl ought not to live alone in such a place as this." She laughed again. "Where else shall I live ? Under what other roof should I seek shelter? This place is my own. And as for being alone in it, I'd rather. I never go out in the daytime where people are. They look at me, and thrust each other in the side, and say, 'There she goes! That's Helen Fowler's shame!' When I want to go out I wait till after dark, so that I can have for company the creatures of the night. They don't point at me and tell each other who I am." There was an air of wildness about the fashion in which she said this which was not without a pathos of its own. It went so ill with her beauty and her youth. "But how do you live ? Have you means ?" "No, I've no means—you've all my father had." Again there came that jarring laugh. "It's little enough I want in the way of food. And as for clothes, they last me a long time, since I see so little company." As she spoke, Mr. Polhurston could not help hut observe that the print dress which she wore seemed new, and how tastefully it was fashioned, and how well it became her. "The little money I want I earn by sewing. I go far afield for work, where folks, don't know me. They trust me with it, and let me bring it home to do it here." There was a pause before Mr. Polhurston spoke again. He chose his words with such care as he could, for the feeling was strong upon him the situation was more delicate even than he had supposed. "I cannot but think that the story of my acquaintance with your mother, whom I loved, esteemed, and honoured, and would, if I could, have made my wife—" " You would have made her your wife ?" "If I could—indeed. I cannot but think that this story has been told you by some prejudiced person, to tho serious disadvantage of my share in it. I must beg you for the moment to take my word for it when I say I would have done all I could for your mother, just as, now, I will do all I can for her child. As you observe, I have your father's money. As I have already told you, until quite recently I did not know that Howard Shapcott was your father. "Why he made me his heir I cannot tell you; I had never any reason to suppose that he intended doing anything of the kind. But now that I am acquainted with the truth, you may rest assured that I will fee that justice is done," "What do you mean by saying that you will see that justice is done ?" "You pay me a poor compliment by asking such a question. Surely my meaning must be sufficiently obvious. "I had no claim on Howard Shapcott—you are his child." She shrank away. "He has never been to me a father; it is only from what they've told me, that I know he was my father. He never treated me as his child; I never saw him. I don't want his money now that he is dead." "You at least have a better right to it than I; as you yourself have pointed out." "They were only my wild words; I didn't mean it." She drew farther back from him, as if fearful that he would proffer her the money there and then. " Be not be afraid. We shall not quarrel, you and I. Everything shall be done in due and proper order. My trust is that you may learn to know me better, and like me none the less with increased knowledge. What we have to do at present, you and I, is to arrange some plan by which you can remove with the least delay, from this lonely cottage, and take up your residence in some place better suited to your age and situation. My opinion is, that the farther away you go, within reason that is, the better." " I don't want to leave this house." "You must. On that point there can be no two opinions. It is not right that a young girl should live, like a solitary hermit, all alone by herself, at the other end of nowhere." It was plain that the decision with which he spoke, blended, as it chanced to be, with something which was, at the same time, both humorous and tender, impressed the girl, even against her will. A chord seemed to be touched which had hitherto remained quiescent in her bosom. She exclaimed, with apparent sudden impulse: " I will go and fetch a letter which I have to give you from my mother." Before he could reply, she had vanished into the adjoining room. Her words, wholly unforeseen, and, to him, mysterious, had thrilled him. He sat, in a state of suspensive doubt, expectant of he knew not what. Even yet he had not been able to shake himself wholly free of the feeling that had returned, at least in part, to the days of long ago; that he had taken up, as it were, a thread which had long been dropped, and in so doing had been restored to the presence of his old love in a new form. The incident had, for him, almost a flavour of the supernatural. He had lived so long with and for a ghost that now it almost seemed as if, all at once, the ghost had been clothed with flesh and filled with the breath of life. He found it impossible to shake himself free of a preposterous half- suspicion that this girl was the girl whom he had loved—the very one—with whom time and circumstance had played some trick, for the delusion of his senses. So that when she spoke of giving him a letter from her mother, as if she were close at hand to write it, it seemed to be the one touch which was needed to complete the confusion of his brain. Presently the girl returned, bearing an envelope in her hand. She spoke with a catchlng in her breath, as if in a tremor of excitement; as she spoke, in spite of the agitation of his mind, he was constrained to perceive, as in a sort of mist, how pretty she looked, and how like her who was gone. "They found this after—mother—went. When I grow up they gave it to me. I've kept it ever since. It's for you." She delivered to him the envelope; he accepted it with shaking hand. He held it, for a moment, silently, a haze seemed to gather before his eyes. When he could he looked at it. It was yellow with age. On it was something written: the ink had grown dim. The writing itself was of that careful yet uncertain sort which betokens the unpractised scribe. Let the child have this, to give to Blaise Polhurston when she sees him, as she will someday." That was what was written on the envelope. As he read, be held bis breath. Then he opened the envelope, and took out what was within. On a sheet of common paper, written with a bad pen and worse ink, there was this letter. "Dear Blaise,— "You've been very good to me, though I've been very bad to you. I've always loved you best though I've been so wicked. But I couldn't help it, he made me. I believe your mother set him on. But I know that's no excuse, so I'm going to make an end. I know you'll forgive me for having been so wicked, because I know you would forgive me anything. So I want you to help the child, if ever she needs help—which she's sure to, because he'll do nothing, nor give a pennyworth more than he is forced. I want you to do it, dear Blaise, for my sake, although she's his. I wish she was yours, then I shouldn't be doing this, because God knows II love you best, and always have. So I am, dear Blaise, in spite of all, "Your loving, "Helen." That was the letter, a poor screed, after writing which it appeared that the woman straightway went and drowned herself. So that it seemed to be, in more than a merely figurative sense, a voice from the other side. This man, with his queer composite nature, had made of the woman an idol for whose sake he had esteemed the world well lost. He read the letter through, hearing in it her voice speaking to him, seeing in it her very soul, the very heart of her. After that one reading, the mere words were indelibly printed on his brain, to keep always in plain sight; and, with them, the message it conveyed of love, weakness, trust; that combination of dissonant qualities whioh had made her what she was. So that, for the present, the one reading was enough. He gave the letter to the girl. "There," he said, "is my authority to help you." He laid his head on the bare boards of the deal table, encircling it with his arms, so as to conceal his face. He was still, while the girl, standing at his side, in her turn read her mother's letter, with, on her pretty countenance, wonderment writ large. 