glmaa fable § alk, ^ THE FIRST CHRISTMAS CARD. The first Christmas card was issued in December, .184(3, from the office of the 'Homo Treasury,' in Old Bond Street, and wob eold for ono shilling. It was, unlike modern Christmas cards, whoso designs refer to any thing rather th3n Christmas, charac teristically Christmassy. Its size waa that of a lady'a visiting card, acd iu this amall space wero con trived three pictures. In tho contro ia a family party. Three generations are feasting at a tablo groaniug under all manner of things — roast beef, plum pudding, and mince pies to wit — and they aro further seen to ; bo washing down thio solid meal with alcoholic liquors. At either end ; of this picture appears another, repre senting seasonable charity, the whole forming a striking contrast with tho cards of recent years. New Year cards followed the introduction of Chriatmaa carda at a respectful diatance ; but it is aomewhat diffi cult to seo why they should not really be more popular than their fellows, for surely, oince good wishes coat nothing, it were bettor to offer a compendious wish for a happy 305 days than a comparatively grudging aspiration for a weoh'o jollity. But these vagaries of fashion are thingo no ono can protend to understand. Yl/IIERE SNOW FALLS. 'Not only do onow-sweepera find moro than do tho ordinary ones, but they quite often find rather large parcels, for errand lads stop to slide or to have a bout at enow-balling, they put their parcels down, and one of thoso is soya covered in a drift,' confesoed a ouow-sweeper rocently. Ho had been for many years in the omploy of a West End Vestry, and was therefore ablo to speak on the subject with accuracy bora of per sonal experience. ' Mauv of tho tinds, too, cc:ze from people falling. A lady falls, asd articles in her hand -.r in her muff at the time roll amosgat tho snow. She. ia confused when tho ii3es, aud gets away as soon U3 possible, and many and many a purse have I both found myself and seen found. Always remember that in ordinary times, when one dropa a coin or any article of that kind, it rings on the pavement, but this ia not eo when snow and ice. ate on tho ground ; and when these partially remain for days, aa they do in tho suburbs, we always look out for valuable8. I never swept snow for a full day without a find of some value, and I have found four or five coins of different values on the same day, including some poor workman's money, mado up in a littlo paper packago, just as he had received it at tho pay office.' THE ORIGIN OF THE 'WAITS.' Few of the many quaint old cus toms considered necessary to be kept at Yiiletide by our fore-fathers re main oven in the shadow to tho preaent - day. Perhaps the most popular remaining relio iv the waits or ' wayghtea,' atill dear to tho heart of both old and young. Who, in deed, has not beard theBe time honored and welcome heralds of the festive season with feelings of cheer-, fulness and joy ? The wayghtea in early times were musical night watchman in palaces, castles, camps, and all fortifled town9, who piped at certain houra throughout the night for tne purpose of changing guard or lo awaken some early-rising knight by aoft mueic at hia chamber-door. These watchmen wero appointod by the municipal authorities in all towna, und enjoyed certain joalouoly-guarded privileges, which romniued long after cnellee had been dismantled and internal fortifications were no longer necejgary. They continued to parade tho (streets oa winter nights up to tho end of last cea'.ury, WISHED TO SUPPRESS CHRIST MAS. It may seem almost incredible, but it is-, a fact that within recent .times Chiistmas Day was described as : a japeratitiouafeatival.andpntdown ,11 England by. ? the stroug.i hand of the. law. ]? The holly ? and the mistletoe ,.;.bovigU ./were r4-;4.erod t- ta. bit destroyed, t$uot and bi;#uch,- aa; pIauta oirtE[TEvrt bne.' Oakes and« nlo were held to bo impious offerings to superstition. , It was Oliver Crom well who ordered, that ..throughout the principal towns in the country Christmas should not. be observed, 'it being a hurtful custom.' In ordor to make, people forget Christ mas, he enacted that all tho markets should .be held on the 25th December. This was touching the peoplo, especi ally the country folks, on their most sensitive point. It . was hardly to bo expected that they would quiotlv submit to eo extraordinary a rulo, nor did tbey, ; ? THE MISTLETOE BOUGH. Evtryono kuows — or, at loast, hao beard — that famouB old bnllad, ' Tho Mistletoe Bouch,' and probably most people are aware that Il.ayuos Hayloy founded it upon a legend, which tolls how a brido amused liorsolf on her wedding-day l-y playing hideand seek; aud though tho mansion was searched from floor to roof. waB never seen again. Her skeleton was found long years afterwarda in an oak chest, whero sho had concealed herself, and been imprisoned by the spring lock. Many who may sing tho song this Christmastido will bo astonished to learn that the identical old oak chest ia iu tbe possession of Lieut.-Colonel Oreatwood, of Tiverton Castle. It is an ancient coffer of oak, measuring live feet six and a half inches long, by one foot ten and a half inches iu ; breadth, and two foet threo inches high. It is most beautifully carved, tho front being divided into three panels, depicting wooded landscapes. MILLIONS OF CHRISTMAS TREES. According to that great statistical authority, Mulball, during tbo festive season 400 000 Christmas treo3 are sold in Berliu, or one tree to every four inhabitants; whilo at Dresden, 200,000 trees are purchased, which gives an average of two trees to every three inhabitants. If we struck an average, ami applied it to London's population, we should find one ar.d a third million Christmas trees decor ated aud illumined on December 25th in the metropolis ulone, or sufficient, if planted in a row and three fest apart, to extend from London to either Christiania, Vienna, Florence, or Madrid. Germany, however, ia the homo of tho Christmas tree, tho custom having been introduced by the conquering legions of Rome undor Orusus ; consequently to guage tho popularity of the Christmas treo in England by tho aid. of a German standard would manifestly result in o considerable exaggeration. 113 MILES OF CHRISTMAS POD DING. Christmas pudding ia a fascinating subject to those who bavo not yet encountered the terrors of Demon Indigestion, and even most of thoso who havo bravo them at Yuletide by tasting' juat a bit,' for, as they re mark, ' It wouldn't eeem like Christ mas without a 'Christinas, pudding.' That, as a whole, our digestive organa aro in pretty sound condition will be gathered from tbo fact that wo consume no less than 3,571 tons of Christmas puddings. Juot imagine tli9, .nightmares that lurk therein. .Fancy, ; too, you have one, and you 'see tho natiocal Christmas pudding as a glorious whole. It ia a diso as big. as the great wheel at Earl's Court. Aiid if you saw this pudding long-idrawn out you would not be able to see the ends of it if you were standing at its centre, for while being somo three feet in cir cumference it would extend either way '300,000 feet, and wtiuld reach nearly from London to Bristol, or 113 miles. If you chopped this length into columns of the height of tho Eiffel Tower you would get 000 of them, while with the sacks of flour used in the making you might pavo a street one mile in length and twenty five feet broad. Why is a carriage like a priest? Because it a eaver of uoleu (eouls). Why should a soldier love tho eea? Because, he's a man-o'-war. Why ia the eagle a religiouo bird? BecauBe it's a bird of prey (pray). Why ie a cook on inconetant friend? Because she sometimes gives uo tho cold shoulder, acd is often tbe cauoo of broils between us. What is the difference between r, bad man and a timid man? Not much. Ono is fowl-hearted and tho other chicken- hearied. . In what way does o piotol repre sent tbe press ? It occasionally re ports in a case of murder. What fish is seen ofteneot during frosty yveather ? The oknto. What part of speech is a kico? A copulative conjunction, What is the difference between a snipe and an ynprinciplod man f One always has a long bill in front of him,, the other . leaves a long bill behind him. Why msy the eeabeoaid to disliko fine clothes? Because it ia alwayo rough with a heavy ewell. When is a man like a farm leaf? When he is country bred (bread).j What ia tho difference between Hamlet's father and an average? One ia an unhappy ghost, tho othor the happy medium. Why, doOH tea differ from an Eng lish officer? Because it ie usually in the service of China. What two indoor games does tea moit resemblq? . Draughts among happy families. © i Why doos a doctor nci-cr iiatch in ll.uon/.a ? Recstibe 'iie ' n' ? (w)Vappod uiralblheiyear.rouad.^-i,''.. ' -i m rf ? : o ^ln.which -ear ;-Uouli.vTd get/the . 