OUR SERIAL STORY.. THE LOG- OP THE "BLACE BIRD " SCHOONER. By E. W. YOUNG and P. H. A. WHITCOMBE [Au. HIGH rs EESEEVED.] LWEITTES FOE THE WE6TEEK M!AII,.1 CHAPTER L. A number of small boats came, off to us and as soon as tbe health officer had given a clean bill, they drew alongside. I was astonished at the number of ladies who came aboard. They came to welcome Grace and have a look at the strange fish she had caught out at sea, and brought home with her. Poor Grace was overwhelmed with congratulations and kisses. They wanted to know everything at once, and took a wonderful interest in my life on Malayta, which in some manner had reached them in a greatly exaggerated form. " Was it trite I bad been shipwrecked, and thrown overboard, and swallowed by sharks, and eaten by cannibals, and had fought with tbe natives, and goodness knows what else P " I cannot say .exactly what they asked. I know one young matron told nie point blank that it wastbebefcefiiiTownsville ?that I had been compelled to marry a cannibal woman to avoid being eaten by her. " That was not true, was it ?" she asked. " Poor Mr. Wyndham what a dreadful predicament tobe in ! and aren't you glad to be back again and safe with Grace?" " * . " And what do yon think of our beautiful barbour?'' absent mindedly asked a young lady from Sydney. There was a laugh, and the conversa- tion became general, and soon after- wards we bade good-bye to the captain, and followed our friends to. the shore. " Good-bye you dear old Sea Spray," Grace called out; and a tear dropped into the sea, and the white schooner bowed a courteous acknowledgment of the compliment. " Many happy days have we spent aboai'd of you, my Frank and I." . The crew, some of them were aloft making trim and sending down the to'galhfnt yard, others were washing decks and cleaning brasswork. The little vessel as though conscious of the atten- tion she was receiving seemed to enjoy her,grooming, riding tit anchor after her venturous voyage, with a calm in-, 'difference to ali matters of moment to mere .men and women. Men might marry and men might woo, while she sailed on from port to port, traversing the wide seas in sunshine and storm, in .the dayspring and through the affright- " ing darkness,' over peaceful plains of watery smoothness, and the" labouring fur .owe of the mountain waves* What cared she, a schooner built of Australian hardwood ! She had brought home a young couple from an isle in the Solomons ; rescued a man from the cannibals and restored him to his affianced bride. The man had gazed upon her wooden hull with .rapture ; gone into ecstacies over her rigging -, fallen down in adoration before the flag she sailed under ; aiid she bad carried him safely home and-he had left her. She had sheltered the woman by day and by night, from the glare of the sun, the pitiless rain and the fury of the storm ; she had carried her safely over many perils ; had joined her in the quest of her lover, looking into small coves and amongst dangerous shoals, and the hidden terror of the coral ; and bad borne him off from his captors. She had restored the man to the woman, guarded them both and bailed away .with them on the wings of the wind to ftheir -lost home; --and they deserted ber upon the first day of their armai. Men would " come and men would go, while she sailed on-.for ever, until time should prepare a grave for her in the ocean. Mr. Iunesworth, Miss Everett, Grace and myself Btoppëd two days in Towns- ville.^ and I took an opportunity of sending in my resignation as a Govern- ment Agent to the Pacific Island Office, and telegraphing the news of my arrival to my parents and friends in Melbourne. I wrote a long letter to my mother giving a full account of the bravery and devotion of my future wife ; informing ber of our intention to be married within a month's time. I learned from the agents of The Blackbird that Grimes Markden had been paid off, and had been appointed Captain of the Saucy Lass, a brigantine owned by Paul Herschel, and that be had only left Townsville, a week prior to" my arrival, for New Guinea to obtain a cargo of cedar. He was not expected back, so they said, under four months ; as he would have. to wait for the rainy season to set in before the logs could be floated down the river in rafts for him to load. I said nothing to anybody about his having thrown me overboard; but con- sulted a firm of solicitors on the subject. Mr. Innesworth introduced, nie to his own lawyers. They were of " the opinión when I stated the fails to them, that the absence-of any witnesses. would make it extremely difficult to sheet home a charge against him, und it would be better to wait for further developments, and they would do the best in my in- terests in tbe .meantime. I suggested they should endeavour to ferret out any information concerning the dealings of the fellow with Paul Herschel. They thought there was some light to be cast ".oón the mystery from that quarter, and again promised. t» do the best they could. We took the next, morning's train to j Charters- Towers^ and- rattled over the rails with the" excitement of travel-still dinning in our care. Civilisation thrust itself upon us at every point. The tele- graph wires reminded me in their bend- ing motion of the sweep of the waves, hut only to make the contrast the greater between .my late life and the present. We had to talk in loud tones to make oui'selves heard, af lier the quiet of ship- board, and it wa3 an odd sensation, to be bawling out at the top of my voice the remarks what I wished to communicate to Grace. It was like talking to a deaf person, and a new, experience in love- making. Perhaps I have exaggerated the situation as "I have never felt the same - inconvenience on subsequent rail- way trips. " When in the middle of an observation on the pleasure of nearing home, a train passed screeching; and ours responded in shriller screams ; and the railway sleepers conspired .to enter into the joke of the disturbance and purposely swayed till the rails seemed to shake in their chairs. I regretfully thought of the palm groves of silence wherein even the' inooabeauis only x penetrate with "nu" apology, anti the " breezes rJProñí . the sea pur: only : .eavesdropper ¿ mnrmur-ed" the'; song of love. .' Heigh ho ! how they gleamed through'.; the night of memory those spice-laden isles of romance. Was "civilisation a failure " with its smoke swelling trains, and its rancorous oil for its wheels, and the dust and fluff pf the seats in the carriage. What romance could pene- trate the civilisation of a railway carriage? The people at the wayside stations went about- their business in a matter-of-fact way, as if railway trains were commonplace things to which they had long grown accustomed; while I with disgust had to acknowledge that they jarred upon me. ',. Grace wa* within a measure of truth, wheu she asked me if I had lost my business ideas in Malayta. The journey came to an end. We wereall pleased and'vstepped out upon, the platform at Chalkers Towers with a sense of relief. The news of our coming had been telegraphed ahead, and most of the miners had' knocked off work and assembled outside the station to show their appreciation pf Grace's heroic con duct, and their esteem for Mr. Innes worth. When wp drove away in the Jaunty coach, it seemed as if the whole. community had burned ' out in their honour and I felt , as if I would like to get out and jointhe crowd in the street to tender/drj Tèspects_as well. The -servante niet'us on the threshold .of "The Towers " . to ' welcome their young, mistress and her father. The old nurse, who had lived with the family since the birth of Grace, sobbed on'the neck of " the baby " as she called my dear one, and after a long stoppage in the doorway she became aware of the superflous others. That evening some very old friends called and remained talking until nearly 10 o'clock. They were deeply interested in our romance ; but as ladies will, they roamed off upon side issues until they fairly got upon the subject of trousseaux, and other mysteries which call upon the well-bred male to leave them and smoke his cigar on the verandah. ' I sat on the same garden seat I 'occu- pied the night before I sailed away in The Blackbird. Old associations crowded round me like ghosts on the mazy moon- light, bridging over the time between the now and then. I was happy now ; I was happy then, and I trembled to think that as the then was once the !now, and: the shadow of trouble had ; fallen upon the thereafter, so might it be again.. In. the. mystery of the love time, when the girl of your heart is sepai-ated by the blind, of the dining room window, strange fancies will seize upon the strongest. The moon cast vague shadows among, the flowers, the j scent laden wind, from the gum forest j gently breathed uppn the shrubs ; a silvery radiance cast its spell over the garden, and far away! scenes took shape and rose before my imagination once again. Everthing seemed unreal. My Inippi ness was so great that I could not bring myself to believe in it. Grace had loved me and lost me, and found me again, and was now being threatened by some unknown danger that lurked around the family. > - ... >. I must have been thinking of - Mark ken and that shadow upon the stable wall. He had sought to.buing about my death on three occasions, and hië master Paul Herschel was still imreckoncd with. He was working evil around them, and enclosing the old niau and his daughter as in a net, and. I was idly dreaming when I should he taking action to overcome him. -What would l>e his next move P Grace and her aunt had hinted at bis roguer^ and Mr. Innesworth was fearful of -his' suocess. . The five stars of the Southern Cross blazed forth in then' stately dominion abôve the. ice fields of the Antarctic, like sentinels keeping their unceasing watch in the dark blue southern sky, and so, the fancy seized me, would the higher powers watch çver Grace InneB- ' worth and protect her from harm when the guardian arm of man should fail. The stars in their courses fight against the powers of evil, and enlist . their in- fluence upon the side of the pure and good. Let the strife be ever so pro- longed, yet in this weary world of ours, though virtue may not always seem to Î>revail, the villain comes to ¿he end of tis tether sooner or later, let him circle round ever so warily. A white cloud «ailed serenely across the moon reminding me of ihe shadow on the. mainsail. I pictured;to myself the hated form of Grimes Mukden coiling up the log line aboard The Blackbird ; I could almost 6ee him before me; the retnemberance of his cowardly intentioned desertion of me amongst the natives of Licka Licka Bay flashed across my mind ; his success in casting me overboard all recurred to me ; and as if to emphasize it the moon projected the cloud's outline upon the stable wall, and the catalogue of his crime was complete, and I cursed him in the Malayta tongue ! What his motive could have been, I was at a loss to understand unless prompted by Paul Herschel, who had ?aid him to do some dirty work for him. t would have been in keeping with Herschel's mode of villainy to retain bim, once he had the thumbscrews on, to do his further dirty work under stress of fear and lure of reward. Grimes Markden could in no case have been nioi'e than a tool in the hands of his toaster. - ' ? . * ' .? ' After all I mused that they were but shadows, arid I may .have been mistaken .^.bout his throwing, me overboard. Sup- { .posing-after all it' should have been the main sheet which did it' I wonder what Grace really thinks-*" Grace," I said. Then remembering she was inside, I stopped bnt she was behind me and answered at once, " Yes, Frank ! They have only just gone away, and I hastened out to you the moment they left, I was coming to see if you were catching cold out here." " Grace," I said, " suppose after all I have wrongfully blamed Grimes Marden for throwing nie overboard, and it should prove to have been but an accident." " My dear Frank it will all come right in the end, and the truth will be made known. Why should we trouble about that man P Let us try and forget all about him, and set to work to put poor papa's business right. I understand from him that'his affairs are in a terrible muddle. The Last Chance is more deeply in debt than when we left, and then it was bad enough with a prospect, . so papa said, of striking palpable gold. Non* I understand from bim that the point in the reef which he hoped to strike rich has been reached and proved of no value, and it will be necessary to do a lot of expensive work before he can test its richness in another place. It is certain something must be .done. I do wish you could see your way to help him in some manner." " My dear Grace I have a good balance at my bankers, and will be glad if it will prove of any assistance to him in his present trouble." " Oh- I did not mean in that way Frank, I mean that there is something wrong about the mine somewhere. ' It mayTje badly managed, because I have * heai'd all the mining people talking of the "Last Chance" claim,..and they used to express their views abouVit.as a, grand property, and papa, I've' heard^ say, was offered a big price for the mine* sometime before we left to go in search of you; and.whoever it was had faith in it. But as that old Cornish gardener of ours saye, whom papa employed since he got hurt with an explosion of dynamite : 'Where she be there she be;' and in that he refere to the gold, as he had chased the fickle goddess till his pockets were empty^and then had to take to working underground ; and had only been three months at it when he was injured. I wish you could get to the rights of the. matter, and help papa in that way." " Well my. dear Grace, I will try and do my best as, the lawyers told me yesterday , they would do for me, but my experience in. mining work is nil, and it requires an expert to find out the ins and outs; and sometimes I've beard that it puzzles them ; so a new chum like me would be of no use whatever." " Well you can consult an expert on tho question. Let me see who is there ? The very mau : John Utting as honest and conscientious a man as ever lived ; who would not hesitate ta give his candid opinion upon the merits or demerits of the mine for the crown of England." '* Very good my darling, I'll see what can be done to-morrow," and then we sang the song without words; and I ' kissed her and said good nigbt at the gates; wishing for the morrow to arrive; and walked away, drawing upon ray knowledge of the Malaytan " language " for the second time that day to curse civilisation, and the etiquette which forbade my remaining under the same roof until our marriage. (To be Continued.) 