0DRPAR!S_ LETTER. Chinese Complications. . Vintage Incidents. ffnom our own CoilRESrONDENT. Paris, October 20. ' Tub/BOEK Wab. The decision of Lord Roberts to delay his roturn to England for a fow months iB commended. Ho is roquired to lend, a hand to Sir A. Milnor at Pretoria in planning the civil administration of tlio two now colonies. His dccisivo authority will prevent much 'friction, and will facilitate, as is expected, tho taking up of his succession, by Lord Kitchener. As for tho flickering up of . smalLbodicB of Boers, that was to be expected, and as they aro easily gulled, thoy will remain under; arms until more rudely shaken. They aro morcly common destroyers ; outlaws that deserve no quarter. In a short time , they will bo disposed of. They delay the pacifica tion of tho country, and tho idea of making special constables of men who wero hut armcd.rcbels a few weeks ago is not to be thought of. . The two .colonies divided into districts and ad ministered by resolute commissioners," who will havo Baden-Powell's police at their disposal, with tho regular army to fall hack upon, will soon extinguish guerilla fighting. It is a good plan also to remind tlio natives that tho pri soners of war cannot come back until tho predatory hands, in whioh figure the scum of nations, aro captured1 or destroyed. Netherlands Compass; The commission for inquiring into tho "concessions" granted to the Netherlands Company, and the con duct of tho company itself, reveals an infamous condition of things. The ex posure of chartered journals and salaried journalists by the company in question to "belittle everything English is only tho developed policy of the Bataviau schoolmaster, Dr. Leyds. We have them now convicted by documentary proof. Oom Paul. Cariosity is on tip-too to learn whether Paul, before going on his "leavo of absence," possibly to southern France, will ho able to " slim " away his loot of gold. It would ho regrettable if he escaped with it. It is expected that when out of tho country thoroughly the disappearance of "Oora" will he the . means of securing poaco to the new colonies, . As spring has .arrived in,, the veldt it will also develop fresh hopes. The. returned French volunteers are disgusted at their adventure. Chinese Matters, Only tho Chinese could create the confusion and. tho perplexity which- roign. No signs of a practical solution aro apparent. Defeat will not bring tho Celestials to their senses any more than , it will bring back tho Emperor to Pokin, \- and it is admitted that it is love's labour lost to attempt transacting any serious business till his Majesty can bo seen on his throne. Then he may bo free to hand over Tuan and colleague princes .to rooeivo their deserts. But as the " princes aro prepared to do anything in reason, save to havo their heads out off, they will romain out in tho cold for a long time. Tho Dowager-Empress he- comes daily of less interest in the eyes of the allies. Tho lattor can' gain pitched battles, hut how will that hasten a solution? Timo is of import ance to the allies — and of none to their enemy, who .can summon countless spirits from the vasty deep. The Im- . porial family profer getting deeper into tho interior of the Empire ; will tho native army ho ahlo to ontico tho allies to follow them? Of courso not, and that being a fact, explains why the dismemberment of the realm is becom- ing a necessity. Russia has her first 'take in Manchuria and awaits the grab- . action of her colleagues. The allies will not wait to scamper over China, to seek troops 'to disband. Tho idea is well received, that blocking tho food sup- plies to China must ho resorted' to, and the use of closed ports ho made as free as tho open ones. Tho Chincso are not regarded per so as tho difficulty, \- but the allies. - Let a general, and pri vate at the srimo time, diplomatic palaver, and try to find out what the partition of China implies in point of defence, beeausoto that tho winding up . of tho invasion must come. Let every power administer its own share, and he helped into tho bargain. Prohibit tho \- . importation of, and givo no permission \- . to manufacture, arms. That will open tho eyes of John Chinaman. Dreyfus. Case. Presidont Loubet is resolved to op- pose all attempts to reopen tho Dreyfus. . agitation, though tho uufortunate cap tain only asks for the courts to say ho . was unjustly condemnoil. That of \- course, would lead to tho hearing of all . the ovidonco over again. But the "War \- Offlco would not he allowed, in the interests of public peace, to take part in , ; the proceedings.. That would bo "Ham- lot" without Hamlet. .' As an illustration of how the Jew is ;. hated iu tho army; judgo from tho fol lowing: Captain Cohlentz is nn Israelite. Ho1 was ordered -to join an artillery regiment at Fontaiueblcjuu Following the custom in the army, on arriving ho. sent his card to his fellow officers, not .-.one of whom returned tho politeness. If! \- that ostracism or boycott oxtends the JoWshavo only to shuko off tho dust of their feet against France — tho country that first guvo thom all tlio rights of man, under Napoleon. Tho sorvices of : thq army, navy, and administration will > become closed books for them. If ..tho Jowish financiers were to retaliate and pitch, as Rothschild threatened, -thoir tents, say, in.Rojne, the standing: of France iu the monetary world would ho seriously affected. Parliamentary Programme, \- . Nothing of any importance is.; an tici- patod' at the meeting of Parliament. President Loubot has hocomo so popular tliat no' opposition against his Cqbinot is. contemplated. If Ministers would only dare, to have tho courage of their con- imti'ons ; take nj) tho budget and, say, WOTedr, two practical questions, as .old' .: , ,agd pensions, and insist on the House . bundling them, thoy would bo sup- ! ported by tho nation. The country ' wants calm, roposo ; to work and to. save. Ah for the madcaps who dream «f knocking over' the republic 'and re placing it by one of their ideal, tho : "asylums only- could find them hackers. It . is -a good' time to/, try n common- scijto programmo, that will only touch on French -interests and leavo tho fproign world to tako euro of itsolf. The Dying Exhibition. , - 4 Tiicro is a' nccrological Btrain now running through all allusions to tho exhi bition. It is on its donth bed, and so. an object of pious treatment; Crowds flock by hundrods of thousands daily .to tuko a last fond look' and "say farowoll.- Tho.Indian summer is with us, and tho sunny and frosty hours diminish regret/ Exhibitors aro . interested now in pack ing goods, closing accounts,- and pre paring to'lcavo.' - Tho temporary hands aro docp in solicitations for employment' in tho city. As a safo general rule, unless tho applicant ha Fronoh. ho has. not tho ghost of a chance. A fow of! tho exhibitors intend to try thoir luok by opening shops or offlcos on thoir own account. Tho Germans aro going in largely for this idea, and as they are not easily discouraged, and easier con tented in the way of gains, thoy maybe viewed as having come to stay. There is no sooking, as in former breaking ups of international shows, for bargains by purchasing the stocks of exhibitors. Indeed so dull is trade that no stook is required; oustomors aro sought for. Tho municipal treasury has had good extra receipts from tho augmented taxes on food and commodities entering tho city. It expects to close with a total net increase of 125,000,000 francs. The city has also been ombellished with a beautiful bridge over the Seine, " Alexandre III;," and thanew palaces. ' That will bo the solid part of tho glory. M. Millbranb. The leader of tho socialists in Franco is M. Millorand, tho Minister of Com merce and Industry. Ho is an able man and very popular, and his views would not frighten a fossilised royalist. Ho would regard a strike only as bind ing, as obligatory, when all the members of a trades union havo boon voiced on the subject by fair ballot, and he would do the same in the case of a labour dis pute to make arbitration obligatory. He cannot be too highly praised for tho rolo ho played at tho exhibition, which was controlled by his department. Municipal Ball. The Municipality of Paris do not intend to be sat upon by tho Govern ment that wiped out their opposition luneli and ball, prepared for the 22,000 Mayors, invited to PnriB by President Loubet. Tho municipality intend to give a monster ball and supper, to mark the closing of tho exhibition. That menus an outlay of 75,000 - francs; tho city taxation can support that. Tho Hotel do Yillo will issue no less than , 12,000 invitations, sending tho first 50, specially printed, to M. Loubet, to dis tribute as ho pleases. By this plan tho municipality will he saved inviting the Ministers, whom they detest. Opinion is not opposed to this step of tho municipal- parliament, and tho town councillors owe much in the way of a fete to thoir constituents. ' The Vintage. It. is a very busy moment just now in Franco ; . tho vintage is taking placo, and this season the yield of the vine yards is phenomenally, rich. There is positively moro wino than barrels to contain it. Whoever will giyo seven empty barrels will rccoivo as paymont one barrol filled with new wino ; some of the latter can he purchased in bulk .for three sous — three halfpence — a "quart. The making of the wino is always superintended by tho owner of an estate ; tho operations usually last some three wooks if no unex pected difficulties occur. More grapes demand moro hands to cut them, and manual labour is becoming scarce in tho rural districts. Then there is so much to ho done in arranging tho wines that are being kept in tho great collars to acquire age,' and to replace thom by now additions. It is tho moment too when tho wino merchants visit notablo vineyards, and purchase the harvest en lloc ; that is to say, it is the period when tho proprietor onters into tho receipt of his revonuo. By looking after tho vintago himself " ho is able to dispenso with intermediaries; ho has simply a "handy man" Bolocted from among his work people, who looks af to r tho vines and tho cellars nlltho year. Tjie Divine Sar.ui. Sarah Bernhardt and Coquclin intend making a star tour, confined strictly to the United States. It will also he their farewell to tho oosmopolitan stage. The. grand Sarah is now too old to stand tho fatigue of a more lengthened voyage, although sho-has received the most tempting offers. On her return to Franco she will devote all her attention to her own theatre, and will introduco into its management the best of every thing modern that is in uso in tho English and American theatres. That explaius why a young engineer figures in her troupe. Madanio Bernhardt lias frequently stated she could not re linquish her professional life— it forms, her health, happiness, an'd fortune. An actress lives long in: Franco, and many lag superfluously on tho stage. Tub Zeppelin Balloon. Count Zoppolin has boon invited to come to Paris, to exhibit and navigate his balloon, os his recent experiment attests, it can sail against the wind. If ho can succeed iu sailing from St. Cloud to the Eiffel Towor aiid back, ho ought not to hesitate to contest tho outstanding prizo of 109,000 francs. M. Demont, a South American Zoppolin, has no objection. to start his ship in a competitive spin. Tho French appear to bo o little mad on tlio subject., of balloons, and of motorcars also.- For carting purposes, and tho carriage of war material, tho French Government officially accept . mechanical in placo .of animal traction; tho-, .Lest proof is that the purchase of horses for commissariat- purposes ;is nlrendy loss, and many of the horsds in "commis sion" aro boing withdrawn. , Bicycling ' suffers from tho change, -but that form of locomotion is ranked by many ' as old fashioned. What will ho tho stat'o of things whon pcoplo can havo their own navigable balloon also ? . 