L 1 ? Butter- Malting. / j {.Milk Is » mjiture-of *er|- irolootp ?Klobulea of' fat' euepended in » watery M-lutlnn of D)ilk eaear, p»sel n.wcoe albu men. rppBnobllbg'lhfe thin white of egg, aDd srtrae «alit-, noV maoh In qa»i)Uty. but very essential lb tbe requirements of th« ynune erowln(s anlm«fe. Baiar to beep up vtt^l heat, oapelti 'aiiil «lbumeo tO;beP4inp niaacatar Btrenetb, aQd salts to'.make br- ne, oafike up this wonderful, por'eot food we call jbilfc'. If we put .ailtft aside in Huy vessel. aud lot lt stand, ! thn^nt _tAnl.n -tBn ' t» (ha . (nn nffrar b I time and rerm % y«Hnw ooioared tayer or I coating which we call cream. :Thla cr^ria le the butter part bf milk, and the first 'StepHowards butteriH tbe celling' eway of this cream from the milk ae rapilly and perfectly as ro'elblp. Allowing the cr^am to rise of ftaeif out of the milk is «fow an.d has Ha risks, because ttie oilier part of the milk undergoes change by ex nosnre (o the air. anurs. aod divert ♦* bad flavour Jo the cream that will spoil (he futon* butter. Here cornea In the valoe of the modern creans^separatora 'that , can' receive 'he milk almost mr it couae«- from the cow, aud we quickly set tbe cream out ofnn* pipe and the skim milk ou'- or tb^ other.' There is no time f^r it to spoilt uo need of yards of spaca for tbe settiog-paos io which is put a qoao'ity of mlltt only to get the creAm, and there is oo tedious work of ekimmiog with its unavoidable gathering of much of the old cnaogud milk at the eame time. Thus by means of the eeparator. we sal well on the way to producing good butter in obtaining clean fresh cream from the milk. Cream to make rlch-flivmireri butter requires ripenloor, and this is a process. tiJme persoos, when there la not ruuoti cream to d-al with, are in tbe habit .of keeping each batob apar', and at cbnruing time potting all together into the churu. It is much better, however, to put a'l tbe cream for a cburoloiz Into a aingle vessel, well stirring when each addition is made ; by this means the ripening nf tbe older cream iach0uked by the presence of the fresh, and tbe ripening of the latter i* hastened. This ripening is tbe work of oacterfa*and it is possible to buy prepara tions or cultures nf these agents by meaos of which, when ad'ied to the cream, U Ih possible to develop in a few hours just tbe flavour required. Our cream U ii«)W separated aod rlppoed, and next cooi^e tbe cburnlnr. This means that the dmall giohules of botter-fat require to Ot geutiy agitated uotll. they form little dlstiuct graios The best churus are, those that do not violently agitate the cream in them by dashing but gently throw Iheir contents from side to «lde. The end over et»d churns ar6 excellent; the head being removable, the loaide can he got at fur thorough cleaniug and scaldiue on'. Iu bu ter-makiDg, milk aod cretin mui»t h-* b^pl absolutely cJeao, and ailhounh light aod air most have voces*, ureal c*re must be taken to av--k foul air »nd e'roig odours Cburmce should proceed uoMI the butter grains are the p z- of wheal kernele, and as soon as tbtp arriceH, tbe time for which varies aL-cnr«line to the temperature and condition of the cream, cl-uroing is stopped aod the buiter-uillk is draiued out as much as popslble. Cold water ie then poured in, (he churu gently rocked, the water drained off, and eo on un'ii the wal*-r runs aw«y almost clear. O'J ao accnuu must the butter be toucLed or wfitked uotil the Ust (race of bu er milk has been worked oo'. Then t- e butter igralus are collected oo a sieve and placed ou ibe butter-worker. Tbe worker is well scalded, and then wetted with cold water, the mass nf batter tbeu being (aid tbereor, end a rollpr run ov«r It. kneading the Ust drop of water that can he got ou-. Ail handling must be done with Oat wooden elabp, called * Bcotob bands1' ; on no account must the bumau band touch the butter. The -oie^e that toooften is sold as butter iseeldom fit to eat, the ghost of lis dirty history rises up so readily aud holds out a warning finger 