THE VIQUERIES' STEP-&13THER, By EVA WILDER B11OADHEAJX Luisita's feelings in the matter might not 'be important; indeed, Jesus Maria Vigaerie ha:', already assured himself that in & situa tion mare or less complicated Luisita's atli tnde waB the single feature which need not be considered. Yet tho wailing 'Ay de mi ' with which, after a moment of aghast silence ahe received bis tidings, struck upon her father's nerves almost as convincingly as if the girl had uttered an authoritative denun «tion of his plans. Jeans Maria bad of course foreseen that Lfuieita w€»ul«l probably not like him to OMrry again. He had also realised that the naturally irralioDal quaiily peculiar to her sex might be depended on to f umisli tile girl with unanswerable argu ments in favour of her own slipshod house keeping and her father's pure obliquity in not permanently resigning himaelf to it. Since she did her best to make kirn comfort able, what more could he ask? So she waulri very likely contend, forgetting that, her besl was very bad indeed when compared with the ordinary quality to which her mother, now a year dead, had accustomed JesuB Maria. Indeed, the virtues of the departed Senora Yiguerie were largely responsible for the betrothal which Jesus Maria had just announced to his daughter. The senora had been a woman of parts, who had seen to it chat corn should never fail in the mill nor dried meat in the batrel, and who with her «wo hands had cut thrice a year the alfalfa crop in the little vega, and tended the ditches jaud the goats, and had washed and se ~'ed and woven and braided and cooked, and done whatever to do. Truly Bhe bad been a good woman; though Jesus Maria could not deny that, she had grown very old with the burden ?f her activities, so tba her bones bad come -Curiously into . sight under the lean parched ?} Hesh, and her eyes bad gone too Far back in her bead for anything like prettiness. Prettineas, of course, 1b nothing, and when «be died Jesus Maria had thought himself inconsolable. That he was still inconsolable lie was prepared to declare to Luisita as soon as she should regain sufficient com poBure t» listen to him; for he could not ex plain to her while Bhe s ood staring and 4- moaning that his proposed marriage' wan ?imply a proof of his undying constancy to fter mother. ^ 'My mother!' sobbed Luisita, thrusting tbe Mack hair off her anguished brows in a ?art of stricken bewilderment which touched her father uncomfoitably. She would gt-t «ver all Uiis presently; bat for the rooiuem dtere was in the dumb pain of her broad Childish face something which made Jesus Blarte nearly forget that ber final attitude * really did not matter. the thing tbat mattered was tbe final atti tude of Cruz, bis eon, a youth of nineteen, who during his father's xecital had stood at the window calmly cleaning the little lamp ?n bis miner's cap. Cruz was one of tbe ? jrigtn oi.ift iitme J7a-intless colliery i he lall tipple of which could be Been striding across She month of the -canyon with the importance mi. a piece of Roman aqueduct. All its coal £rimed beams and standards stood boldly forth in the level rays of a eon which was ?Mitring below tbe purple summits of the Spanish peak*. Itwastimefor the night shift to be on duty, and numbers of men, Italians and Mexicans mostly, were going op the broad curbless read in a din of talk and * I laughter and clattering lunch buckets. f Gnu Viguerie set his cap on his head. * She flame on the lighted lamp snot up in a ?pecU.nl panache above bis thick pock marked features. Stolidity was indeed the usual characteristic of Gross big plain fate, for all tbe hint of intelligence and docility In is j but as he stood straightening bin cap and looking oat at the lessening light which Couched tbe small gold crass above the adobe walls of the church of San Antonio of the gilaza, there was something like stubborn aad hostile resolve in the stem quietude of bis expression. Jesus Maria had. often wondered how it «ras that so handsome a man as himself — for Cfeere was no doubt of bis being, even at forty, the best- looking man in Aguilau — f choald nave had so unprepossessing a son. f lie bad Bohused himself with the reflection tbat Cruz was at -least good-tempered and ?dbedieot ; but as lie irgaided the young man wubw he became aware that there was at present nothing in his air to suggest either mildness or asquiesence. Instantly Jesus Maria was sensible of two emotions — one of anger that his decision should be thus op|tosed ; the other, a furtive uncertainty as to the manner in which meat, meal, and tobacco were to be provided in case Cruz continued obdurate. Without, Cruz's wages, without that monthly roll oi Sbe company's bci ip which financially pareed current in town, % how should the house be maintained ? It was a nice question, truly, wbon one considers that Jesus Maria himst-ii was cntitely averse to labour of any kind. ' My Cruz,1' said Jesus Maria, moved t.- gentleness by a contemplation of the fad* of the case, 'you are silent, eh ?'* Hit '' voice was full and rich, and the heavy Span ish of the foot-hill* rolled from bis lipe will; persuasive sweetness. ' But you are glad with me, is it not so, that joy comes again to our house ?' If he paused too suddenly for a fine effect, it was because Orua bad taken a sharp Btiide toward the door, with an exceedingly ugly light under his brows. ' Joy !'* cried the young man, holding up on the threshold, lie l.mghed harshly, and then turned and r»«p« out in Knglisli : *? Joy ? Ho ! My mother ib dead.' You bear — d«*ad ? I wot k for no new one. Me, I git out. Sabe 7 I git out quick. Pios, yesl — I quit.' There was no mit faking the luoiriity of v. this statement, and in lakibg it in, Jesu it Maria's wrath flamrd !«iR|,. 'Ho!— you git '-tit, eli ?'* he cried. .Sim Cruz bad chos' ? ^f ..-iia;« their uaii ftongue, he, J . ? *.- Vigurrie. wcji . «ope with the ?? in any wny he roi^i.' «Iect. ' Vou -!Uj;. tii ? llaiuaya— I uv.-t damn ! -? ????fool, me!— 1 ei-ik luw \t . Jifc.e ! *-. w'is«t I WHXtt if you ii*.-- ... you -Jon i ^ee ; I piiny me a. vti.fr, gooo, young, ueaumul ? * . At thiti effective point there shrilled out « thiu. exat»i«eiating laugh. Luisita, finding herself backed up by her brother, had mas tered her grief. Kage had conquered pain, »nii defiance now luiked in the very lilt ot ht-r plump, cinnamon-coloured cliin. ' Beau tiful !' gurgled £-uisita, with her hands on her hips. _ Dios !— a poor thing like that ' —and old. She will have more as twenty seven year ! She is of the wideness of my liaud. Her 'air is raid. She hoi* herself so !' And Luisita. plucking up her prim mnutb.drew her BUouldera into a narrow space ' Yes, so she hoi' herself. Don't i know? Haven* I work for her father? Haven* sbe learn me English? Ho !— I should belief it ! All Tight. Top marry her, then. Me, I go where my brother goes !' Cruz, what you do, I do.' Cruz was still scowling, and his muttered ' Bien,' was not a particularly cordial avowal of delight, in his sister's amounce nt-nt. He allowed her, however, to grasp «i» a-in rji iuly, and in another moment they .?»ere stamping out through the dry 'dobe .aid to the paveless street. It was now something after eonset, and ?he peaks massed their peach-coloured -iinuldere against a dim violet sky, while from I heir heights a cool wind stole crisply down, rustling in the dark scrub-oaks and pinons \--r the'. canyon which debouched on tbe vil lage, and rioting over the silvery grama :;ras3 of the plains beyond the Colorado camp. lionngers were gathered about the -!oors of the half-dozen saloons and Btores. At tbe post-office, a pine shod with a single step before it, a crowd had collected in con sequence of .the arrival of the evening mail. Most of these were men, and as Crux and his Bister approached they had just separated a little in order to clear the way that a woman emerging from the door might reach the street.. She nodded here and there in a shy fashion. us she made her way through the pi ess. She was tall and very sligirt, with a pale, gentk face, asd s, curiously deprecating gl----;. Hersnoulders drooped a little, and she reateii inertly on her hips in walking, as if tbe ab si ruction which held her face in a look of (smiling reverie had left her too little strenjr! I: for motion. As she came in sight of Cruz and lioistta, she started and drew a quick ijreath. It was they ! — her two children to bi. — the Bon and daughter of Jesus Mmi;; Viguerie. Angeline White already knew them very well, those two. Five years since, her father had ' taken up ' a homestead vt\ the verge of Aguilar, and in Angeline't housekeeping duties LmtNta Vigueiie had for a moderate wage assisted. L.uieita, even in her childhood, had not been a romantic riguxe.beiug of squat build, with atmggeBtiott of Indian blood in her blunt young face; but there had never been a time in these years 'when Angeline had not seen something eminently picturesque in Luioiia's father. When he tore up to the gate of the White homestead, a superb lithe figure. on agayly caparisoned mustang, with tile magnificent sweep of a silver-banded sombrero shading his bronze face and jaildioRJ* richer -ioiknct)? to his black hair and eyes. Angeline White, had thought vague and, misty thoughts of the Alhambraandtirenada, of the bouoteoue life of Valencia aB depicted in alluring colours on the lids of raisin-boxes, and of Andalu -ian troubadours, who, in wide beta«selled trousers,lifted in these tableaux their impas sioned eyes to ladies in mantillas leaning coy upon the lattice of balconies above. Once she had ventured to ask Je&u;» Maria. 'Are you of Spanish parentage, iienor Viguene?' And Jesus Maria, much grat.i ned,had said that the purest strain of Castile ran bine in his veins. fie forgot for the in stant that dib father had been a peon, and that his mother, an aged Navajo lady, even then resided ic a mud hut five miles up the creek. Jesus Maria had a buoyant fancj', which required merely as it were a whiff to Bend it to the empyrean. Ange'ine had thereafter not only regarded him with added lespect, but rutt(,also felt it her dnty to spend some time in inducting buieita into the mysteries of trie' English Longue. She had never thought' of Jesus Maria ic any but an impersonal light. One does not, of coarse, regard a married man tilherwise than impersonally, and, as one might say. in the abstract. But after 'the pasxing of Senora Vigaerie things had ' changed. Jesus Maria had speedily rendered himself very personal and entirely concrete soon after, be feuad himself obliged, tor bin own convenience, to take Loiaiia »way to minister to bis wants. In removing her from the White homestead, which, Bince Angelina'* . Tather had also died, was fast lapsing into aj Mate .of natural death, Jesus Maria had also abstracted his excuse for presenting himself at the house. His every visit thereafter was a declaration. Yel, when he began making love, Angeline was dazed with the wonder vfl it. She had never had a lover; aad he, this being with little silver fringes op the sides of hus legs, was enough like the Andalnsian troubadour* to move in a mist of rcmantic precedent. Jesus Maria 'had little English except the popular oaths and phras&s; which were current on tbe saloon porches; but oaths, discriminatingly applied, are no mean weapons in the hands of capid. And, ifter ;-ll, the spoken ward is little. Angeline blushed and paled and sighed and smiled, ^leous Maria, understanding this rhetoiit.-, swore many things, and was considered elo quent. One day when the postmistress, a shrewd, hard- headed, kind-hearted Western woman who had a friendly interest in the lonely visionary creature, asked Angeline if she was ' encoaragin* that there ' Sooe Maria Vigueiie,' Miss White lifted rapt eyes and said, ' £ am going to be his wife;' Wherrat Mrs. Holding uttered an amazed cry. ' You're sracy, Angeline ! ' she gasped. ' Why, he's about as no 'count and triflin' a man as ever were shoe leather! He 'ain't energy enough to pound potty. He don't care for a thing in the world but to prance round on a bronco, or set in the son smokic^ cigarettes,or play games in some of these bai ? iiMiniB— which, if ever I git a chance to ligiK ? ute asin' 'em, won't I ? Oh no ! What bt .- i.u and he gain* to live on ? ' ** I don't know,' said Angeline, absently smiling out on the bieasbeA plains. ' r 'Well, if you don't beat the bugs!' truinpted .Mrs. Holding. ' I've been, volin' for ten yeara, and I always brag women U]- whenever 1 git the chance. Bui I'd. know how 1 can say the -first word for your good sense. It's women like you, Angeline, that puts spokes in the wheels of progress. 'LHs so.' ' I know I'm not smart,'' said Angeline, humbly, 'but Jesus Maria says it's best that men should know most.' ' Know most I Why he don't know bean.H when the bag's open ! Well, just remember that I told you that a vine can't make an oak, tree out of a reed just by cliogin to U .ngelime. ' JNo,' murmured Angeline, deprecating]?. ' but if the vine thinks its reed is an oak, both of 'em are just as well, maybe.' At this juncture the evening mail had arrived, and AnseUne had gone out through the srowa at the door, quivering with a pleased little sense of having replied effectively to Mrs. Holding. It was iu this moment of unwonted intellectual gratifi cation that she beheld Cruz Viguerie and his Bister coming up the street in the mellow graynessof the early evening, and at sight of them had felt a great tenderness wslline in her sentimental heart. Doubtless they had been told of the happiness in store for them, arid it was conceivable to Angeline that emotions similar to her owa, struggling in those two apparently apathetic breasts, had deprived them of all power of expres sion. For Cruz and Luisiti, seeing Ange line, had certainly assumed a dogged blank ness of visage, which could not otherwise be accounted kindly. Angeline faltered. Then suddenly hold ing out her Land, she said, ' Lmisita. ' Upon which Luisita, inBtead of bubbling forth, some sweet incoherence of felicitation, merely set a hard mouth and looked away; while Cruz, barely pausing as Angeline in-; tercepted the way, began to plod on. Ange-; line's hand dropped and she shrank back. 'Santo Cielo!' burst out Cruz to bis. sister, as they passed. ' Why did you stop,' eh? Holy Saint WominicJ— ' -Ho! me?' onniiea JLiuisita. overflowing with tears. 'Me stop? I did not. Oh, liiat I were dead and laid yonder on the lull !' In truth, her distant -gaze bad not Sept. Luisita from observing the pain iu her leather's little dim face. Some elementary ?nipulBe of loyalty had stirred in tnesir wlien Angeline stood stretching forth that -;tatie hand, bet the craft of tbe half developed rose to stifle this instinct, as Ijuisita reflected that in the present state of things it would be disastrous to offend Cruz by any show of courtesy to Angeline. As days went on village gossip concerning the Vigueries subsided. Jesus Maria's 'tmrriage had taken place early in the falL riie White homestead bad been sold for a 'line to some courageous person undeterred in visions of abounding crops by the sterile actuality of his purchase. Angeline lived with her husband in the 'dobe house, which '?in children had deserted, under the shade of '.he cottonwoods planted round the church, md the pink print curtain*, newly hung in lie. di-ep-sf t front window of her new abode, ?ere not without gentle intimations that the t'« behind them was as losy as Angeline had x^iected it to be. ?Ti-sus Maria, vriih glittering: spurs on his txirocco boots and au additional thread of silver gilt wherever his attire permitted it, -t'.»od often so the generous porch of Freuch Uuiseppe's place, and held forth by the hour (« convivial friends upon tbe beatitudes of I he conjugal life. The proceeds of the sale of the White homestead expanded the heart against which it reposed in an everdiminish ing roll and the frequent libationB which Jesus Maria poured into his being behind the saloon's gteen baize doors also contri buted to his spiritual exaltation. Those who were privileged to observe Senor Viguerie in this expansive period of his life were bound to own that happiness bad touched him only to adorn. Ue looked sur prisingly young and surpassingly handsome la fan new clothes and high-heeled boots, and even Mrs. Holding, seeing him flash by her door on a bronco whose scarlet rosettes .ft a rod streak on the visual memory, ? ?iild ttotd«ny hie graceless charm. '- He's as well favoured as these big red Nict us nWers, she grimly owned to herself, '.but woe be unt/er the person that tackles liiiu or them — needles ain't in it for the way liey'il stick you. Poor Angle White! It wun't be long till sbe realises her cake's -l-.UKfa!' As tbe days shortened and the season oj Colorado windstorms set in, certain signs twined to1 verify the postmistress's prophecy. Evidently that roll of money, which so -v.eetly accelerated the currents of Jesus l;-ria's being, had faded away after the ' ?iHiiner of all material sources of joy.' Mrs. liolding noticed that there was less tinsel ?bout him, and though be still lingered ?round his old hauniB, he was no longer .11 ended by atbroog of admiring compatriots nor did the doore of Branch Guiseppe s swing ?o often in hie generous hand. ' He's got to the bottom of his pile,' sur mised Mrs. Holding; and when she saw -Vngeline one day coming out of the com l-any's store, with an empty basket on her mi and a look in her face as if she had been ;i uck across the cheek, there was seeded no \--'gue to tell Mrs. Holding the Senora v'iguerie had asked credit and been refused. That night when Cruz Viguerie came to -et his weekly paper from the office Mrs. ilolding beckoned him aside. ' You and your pa still bad friends?' she inquired. Cruz's counteoance,already as immobile as a !-lab of sandstone, seemed to discharge it -i if of every lingering vestige of expression. '? 1 know of him nothing,' he said. ' Huh!' ejaculated Mrs. Holding, observ !'K him. She liked Cruz as much as Bhe ;.-iiked bis father, but she did not propose ? -- sacrifice Angelina to this preference. ?' Horn look heie, Cruz,' she insisted, 'yon n./ business setting yourself up »gin' bis uiarrykT like yon do. ' He's got a wife -nough eight too good for him. Though most women's too good for the average run of -nen. I ain't a great deal of use for men. ruz Vigeurie. They're either putty or aun-ods, mostly. Ar«d I don't know an tbe .mi od kind like you is one bit better *o the '-iy kind like your pa.'' CniE expanded in an aooreoistire smile ' Me?' he Bald sweetly. ' Oh, I am not so Senoia 'OWing! Ft » only that I min' my own bunisess.' ' I deseay a mule thinks it's mindin' its own business when it balks!' sniffed Mrs. Holding, ♦* Anyhow, -what I got to say is this, I've reasons for thinkin' your ma and pa needs help, and I tell you here that it's your duly to help them.*' Ciuz maintained hia calm Emile. ' Me, I min' my own buBinets,1' he repeated gently. ' Buenas tardes, senora. Despite his ap peaiance of quietude, however, tue youug man vtas sensible, as lie left the place, that bis smouldering anger at hit! father had been fanned to lively warmth. ' Hi ! they are in need eh? Bueno! What is it to me? For what I care, they may sleep in youder test-pit and feed on mountain clay. They may warm themselves in the cold starlight that falls on my mother's grave. In Lh- gloom and fervour of hie bitterness, he si I ode on past the house of his aunt, where he and Luisila. now lived and still on until the low foot-iillls, the black 2an yon, the tipple, the gathering of miners' shacks, and the outlying mud dweUingB oi the Mexicans receded behind him into the night. Only the level prairies.iUimitable and dark, were around bim, and in them there was room for his mood. Perhaps some huri tage of that aged JNavajo woman living five miles up the creek was asserting itself in her descendant's stormy breast; for a savage need 'of space rioted ia Cruz, aad he found himself oddly tranquillized with merely factDg the wild wind in tbe open while away off somewhere the lonely barking of a coyote struck upon him a kindred note of ferocity and loneliness. ' 1 will think of these things no more,' he resolved, turning. ' It is not good for a man to murder himself with anger. Dios ! 1 am tired as with, running three shifts. X will go home and sleep.' It had grown still and cold, and the thin, icy air struck sharp in Cruz's face aa be re entered the quiet town and crossed the little bridge over the Apiahapa. Cold it was. and still — so still that, as he came in range of the church and caught a little unusual sound somewhere at band, he paused and gave ear. Surely it was a sound of weeping that reached him — a portentous intermittent accent of wailing, of distress ! Cruz had a sensation of sudden horror. For who doeB not know since Vigiel shot the young ranch man heieabouts peisons of unquestioned veracity have seen a headless spectre wander ing along ths cieek ? — a spectre in a dismal winding-sheet, bearing a taper in ils ghostly hand, and bewailing the fate that sent it un shriven into bale '( Ciuz Viguerie could now hear with bis own ears the sobbing of the wraith, and as he beard it, his blood stood slill. As to the taper, there was as yet — bleasid Saint Anth ony be praised ! — no fiign of any light. No light.! Jesus ! Alary ! Joseph ! No light ! What then, was thai Budden ray which just now shot, arrowlike, across the bard 'dobe at hid feet ? ' Nueslra Senora ! 1 vow tbee all my life and four candles of wax — ' But the prayer died on Cruz's lips and the ligourof bis rame relaxed tom^wbat in bis sudden per ?.eution that the light was nothing more ?uusual than a beam from a window hard by lashing between sharply withdrawn curtains. Jh, decidedly he, Cruz Viguerie, was becom ng a fool ! Ghosts ? Vah ! That window was the window of his father's houee,and the rumour of weeping stole from within these well known mad walls. Without formulating any design, Cruz noved towards the email casement. Tbe jurtains were still apart, aad she who had. thrust them aside, that sbe might send a oiteously questioning glance into the night, itood where Cruz could plainly see her, be fore the fireless Dearth, covering her face with her thin hands and breathing forth a 10b of inarticulate misery. The limp cottons if Angeline's attire hung close about her Irooping figure. On her wasted temples, the ?eddish hair shone silvery,an-l her wrists were; rhite as bones that have bleached long on the ilaius. There, in the small adobe-plastered ?-hiui bhe stood, cold and wretched and for laken, a picture so forlorn in her solitude aid despair that Croz started avrav ashamed m have seen her in that hour of desolation. ' Hola !' cried the young man. ' I see low it is. They h^v^-soM all the rugs off lie floor. Tbeyare j«-or, indeed. And he— 38 stays away where lie can be warm and piy. He leaves her alum- ?' Certainly his uotUer was avenged. 'So ns he realised this .lie feeling in the young Mexican's heart was iltsngely- enough, not in tbe least glad or ;riumphant. ' Villainous one .!'* he ex . slaimed, passionately. ' Galgo ! dog ! scala rag ! chump !*' And having relieved him self of all the opprobrious epithets just then ?ccurring to him, he turned and ran down the Btreet. In Che gloom and quiet of the town French Guiseppe 'a was still a centre of light, though the scene within can hardly be described as one «f unhallowed revelry. Several men were playing cards at the tables in the cheer less room, brushing their elbows thtougb the wet rings which their beer-glasses had out- i lined on the wood. A man leaning ajrainst j the' bar was telling with reiterated detail about a mule of hia wbicb had died during the day. and French Guiseppe himself was unaffectedly yawning ashe listened. When the door opened tbe Bound was an event, and everyone looked to see what had come in. Even Jesu3 Maria Vignerie. withdrawn be hind the stove in aa isolation that meant financial and spiritual depression, or both, lifted an inquiring eye. He was smaking, and his bat was tilted ominously over his face; nor did tbe sullen »npnrt leave him when he perceived that tin newcomer was his son. '1 have to speak *? ym.' said Cruz, approaching. ' Son of a burrp !' rejoined Jesus Maria, calmly. ' What do you want 7' ' I want yon to go horns.' 'Ha! you want me to go home! What leads you to think I care what you want, offshoot of tbejdevil ?' ' I have seen your wife. She was crying. There was bo fire. She—' Jesus Maria dropped her cigarette. 'Cry- ing,' be said. 'Sbe is always crying.' He rose and f oHotrsd Gnu outside. ' She suffers— ye*. Mm, I asffer to*. Bet what nan J do 7 Soe is good, my Angelina, bat phe does not understand t9 make me cam fortable. Sbe tried, it is true, te get a class ' (o teach at school ; bat — rogues ! fiende ! pigs of Americans! — they would not take her because they had teachers enough; bo she grieves. A woman should not grieve, eh, Cruz ? It makes a nrau sad. Me, I think I will not go home to-night; I am very tender, of heart. If she ia still weeping I should feel l-ad.' ' And where will you go T' asked Cruz,* with placidity, almost with mackcry. ' Eh, my Ci-uz. I will stay with you and Luinita,' said Jesus Maria, with engaging promptitude. ' When; my children are there it is 'jest for me to be.'' Uioz. under his hat brim, regarded his father with a kind of half -wondering, half chael.ising.gaze. Jesus Maria's pupemciajity was as hard to plump as a bottomless pit. Its fathomless quaiily gave Cruz a sense of mental dizziness. Presently he pushed h'ff cap back and laughed a little grimly. 'Oh! So you go where your children are ? You choose to live henceforth with them !' He laid almost too vigorous a hand on bis father's arm, and added, in a. deep voice: ' Come then. Luisita aad I, we live in the 'dobe house where we were born. 1 took my sister there to-nigb( before I came to find you. She dries your wife's tears. The eenora ?will cry no more, for I shall see tbat things go well with her.' Jesus Maria, taken aback, nevertheless preserved tbat tine, if untutored, sense of dramatic fitness which had ever enabled bini to transcend circumstances by comporting1 himself in harmony with t.h«m. ' Sou of my heart ! '* he breathed, chok ingly, as he let his weight go somewhat lax. jn Cruz's hand, and indulged in beatific vision of scrip in snch renewed affluence as the young man's words presaged; 'and I thought thee cold and wicked — thou, my one hope, who art all love for thy broken hearted old father.' ' I am not all love for you — *y God, no!'' growled Cruz, failing to respond to this ten der outbreak. ' It is all one,' sighed Jesus Maria,, sweetly, ' since your bosom melts towards my Angelina— ah, amadora! blessed wife!' ' My bosom does not melt,' retorted Cruz, giving his father's form rather a race impulse towards tbe maintenance of its own balance. ' Hola, no. What I do, I do for myself. Sabe ? I will not be made to suffer by seeing you make others suffer. Sabe?' I would like to feel good and see you feeling bad. Hi, yes. But if you — and others — have got to eat before I can swallow my own bread, then there is nothing for me bat to feed you first. I am of evil heart,, you see.. I act only for my happiness.' 