Her Evil Genius. OMAPTKR XXIV, THIS MADMAN, Uo mtulit well Imvo rim at (lint cry, for nothing but nlieor t«rror Imd forcod it from iJJoryl CorsoldH. lialf from ronl dinliko of tho man, half from wnnion miHcliicf, who had doxtorouHly nlippod away from Erlo and vatiiBhod liko a spirit into an oponing In tho thiak biiHh, Full of Jaughtor ulio had run and doubled liko a Imro, wliilo ho orashod afUir ho* through tho aorub, till, ftiigrv and orentfa|lon, ho had flung him Bolf into liiu boat aud dopartod, JJroathloHH, Jioryi Hiit down oil aoonvouiout log and chuckled. ' Itow ci'ohh Jia was I Aud that was a horrid lio about Andria oxpootiug mo, J)ut lio has lovi?ly oyon, and Ito in — you, lio in amus ing I Jiut J don't think I liko him, J don't liko mon at all,' with middon gravity. '1 hato Mr, l'Jgprton, for I don't boliovo a word ho says, and Mr. lloriot ti'ouf« mo liko a child, Mr, JSrlo dot'sn't do that.' Bho got up orowsly and began to ununtor homoward, r-ho was almost sorrv sho had not gono with ISrlo in npito of thut lie. It was dull at homo, whoro IJoriot soojnod only to oaro io talk to Andria, '? I novor would havo stirred a foo|i with Mr, JSHo if Andriu nnd Mr, Jloriot had not gono oil and loft mo liko that.' with an unreason able Jump iy her throat, nor short-lived joy at having outwitted JSrlo all gono. Tt was piloli dark iu tho( woods as sho began lo walk baok to tho house. Shu had run and doubled so that sho was not ,too suru whoro she was, and an uneas'y fooling onmo over her that sho was not on the right imth, There was a quuor rustling, too, in tho biiBhes, and sho listened, bur heart going liko a frlghtenod bird's. ' It must bo niv ontH, slio tiiouglit, aotor miiidoly, nnd with a voioo that was not too j Hlwidy sho biigim lior ijueer calling oroon. Jiut mil a stoalliiy footslmi sounded anywhere | no yellow'gi'oon eyes loolcud from tho bushes | no oubH bounded from tho black underbrush, Instead their fell iu tbe wood iioudduii, death Jiko silimce, far moro threatening to the girl than thn sight of tboso beasts who woro lumo for nil their (leroo looks, ' The man I' Jlor hcftii gavo n rondorlng bound, ' That ow-y, jabbering man, And bo'# hunting m» I' Wild witu terror she looked round Iter, and had no jdiia wbloh way to run, Him wits lost, lijoiio in tliu (maidens ueriib i It wa# #o thuk uliu oould not even see whoro ulio walked, And «nly ono thing oould keen tho oats mvay If Uioy woro hi nouna oi nor oaii—woir m#slior'« ytiitin that my Hiiwtfw than hum, moiiiiliiglnuH jnbbur though It wi»h, Jii i|iiM|)i)i'iil|i)ii she jjuhIjikI wtmlght buforo hpr( touring Uirough tho llilok buvheut wtiiuib' jlng, ami lirofm of lient on liur fim from !b» uirJiwM hunt'. A» she oi'mhIiuiJ forwiii'd, limiting dpIho enoogli to wnko tho ilwitd, bur oim'b onwglit nbuvo nil Ihu soiiniln of urvolding )/riiiinhim inn) luurJng vIiwh that wllgjit, slight runt ling, mh of M Uml' woro ireojibig jiiioo will) hwr, vwry oIoko buniiiu her, Mhu (iiriMiiI slmrjily nnd burnt, th rough » mwmn uf bushes, to mid humiJf nUwiinu by tho «'limr pool uln- boil mm ono morning, i'he moon nhono ilwn m bright im ihiy, itftur Him | ili'uiidliij diirknm of tho woofa tli^olwirnheut nf Wttl^r jooiwij liko liouitt i «»(l I hen nhft mirmwwl, » long, wailing shriulf Unit hud tiirnwUlurlwl wm, Al liur liUiml Imonmu liur, wan tho iiiiiiifltu thing llmt ImmI bitten Andria U- Ihu bono, 'i'he UMxt iu^sut jl# long «liw# of lingerw wore on \nm, In nllor jl#wj)»ir «lm siiiii lier i'you Hinl wulioil for tho horror I hut wiim lunninu, W«Hhl lliu Ihlnu lf#r h«r limb from llmh j Jliil fav tliat IiiuiiJ on hor«it wn« not touching Jim um) «» who aim J, »l«lf , nnd ntrny wiih (wr, u hourmi wfrn mku to )m » liiwmlof my mil, it #nhl In Mirniw i ' thmruhi of my mih' , , With « my of onUmmiiuml Hint ofimoa lior i-ym 'I'ho mm wim not iUimbt Hum, mr mtteriv liaoi/erouH J Wor ha m M tiwn on mu h nm by hvr, UMm Um im of m mr* omit, Tho i utfl »h« had iwmwd by sl^ulth io mo Mivmit oumti Imk Ui mr liko '' Who 0 i'o you y' nh u orhMl, ' Wli«t 4m you wttnt ¥ Why do you frighten us ho r ' You Imvo wiim homo | oouio hrnk Ut imty Tho vohui w## Iho vohui of mi *M two, the kneeling Hum) pitifully thin unA rimod, ' I am th« ohs oiun who Umm yoU'«»aon t y«u rmnmhur mat It wm I gitvo you llmt rvwgi' li# iwohod ihu grweo boryi on Imr fniuiii' pleadingly, Hbii hUrwl Mi III »nj «lm durud jjotsuy *bo Jj mil found the m/g, ' You friuhlmm mu, yon liurt my uovumtm Jiwt night, (tliu «rio-l, angrily. 'CJo uwny and let Mti »Iono !' ' I did not know you liked lior. I thought ?hu waa his servant,' tliu old man whimpered, JJo bogsn to bog bur pardon a hundred time*. ' 1 to frightcu you, I that love von I' be cried. ' I will novur touch h liair of any ono tlmt bolonga to you. I'll novor louvc you ?gain.' ' You ma»t go ttway— 'ftnd novor oornu buck I' MtAinpiug her foot, «e«ing no iiSMMiiu|{ in tbo words Audrin would l»vo understood too w-tll. Tbo filing crouched Ht her fcot, ' Lit tin diwrcst, I will go,' Haiti tbo broken old voioo (and toars of pity c*mo to llrryl'a ojck). ' Hut if ho coinna,' R was fiproo agaiii, ' call mo and I will aond bitn ttway, lio Khali novor atonl too nunin.' ' Jluryl 1 Where nro you P' Tho auddon about waa ateni And yot Aiuioua, u Anawor mu,' Horiut's voico ! Wbnt should ulio do P filio looked at tho crany face Itosidu hor, In »n ln» atant oil tho bnmnnity had boon wiped off it us tbe mnn ncramblod to bis foot. ' I will call my cat« !' lio whlanorod, with the leering grin that had tcrriuod Andrin, ' I hoy will claw him. 11 No !' kIio said, hastily, Sho gtoopod and put her hand on those Ix'iit, repulsive shoulders. ' No. LisUm— tbi# man who's coming is my friend/ look at him wall, When I call you, you aud your cats can claw, — but never bim nor my governess. If you hurt them I'll never lot you sou mo ngaiu.' Ho winced 'pitifully. ' My soul ia yours,' ho said. ' I will not coino near tho houso nor lot tbo cnUi oornu— till you call us with tbo song I taught you. I will keep away from tho Iiouhu. Hut nuorida mia, do not go with him again I This timo 1 will bo quicker and snvo you,' ' Go f said tho girl in a frantic whisper, hearing lloriot breaking through tho bustles, ' Go, till I call you,' Almost as sho n'poko, lloriot sprang out into tho open spaco. Was bo dreaming, or did he sen beside tho girl iu bur whilo gown a crouching thing liko nu ano Pn lie ran to hor, round tho pool. TliorA should bo an ond of this thing that hunted womeu ! Mud or sano, tlio man doservod no more moroy than a vonemous beast, Jiut ns he reached tho girl bo stoppod short. Sho was absolutely alone, ' Itun to tlio houso 1' ho criod. ' That brnto's htdiiud you, and I'm going ta (iuish him onco for all, Did ho hurt you P' savagely. Sho lifted hor faco, anil ho saw sho was cry ing' 'No, no,' sho said as gontly as Andria might. ' Nothing hurt mo, Ana — there's no one hero !' 'Hut I saw bim,' grimly, ' And I board you Boream,' Sho luid a quick hand ou ,his arm ns ho would havo passed hor. 'Thoro's no ono here; if there was, he's gone,' she said. ' I did not mean to soroam. Did J frighten Andria P' 'What was HP' ho insistoil, almost roughly, for he was cortuin bo hud soon that crouching, wizened (iguro at hor side, though there was uo sign of it now, nor oven a leaf stirring in Iho warm moonlight, Instead of answering shu looked him iu tho face with thu moonlight full ou her, strange, tawny oyoB till they looked liko wolls of light deep und golden. Something in them seemed to strike liiin a ' blow, Yesterday tlioy had bean a child's eyes, cureless, almost shallow, To-night — Jlonot's honrt began to pound, 'J'lio girl had oomu into bur birthright of woman hood, of u marvellous witohoryjthat would bo a suaro to tliu fuot of mon, | ' What made you soreatn, Jloryl P' and this time ho did not speak as to a child, ' Tell mo,' ' I lost mysulf, Ti was dark, I meant to call, and I suppose I sereamod,' Shu oould not tell the truth, for tho old sliamo that was on her that beasts aud strange creatures loved mul obeyed her, 'Why did you luavo HrloP' (though heaven know it was no business of hisl), ' yon were iu his charge, What did he mean by letting you noma hiwk by yourself P' ' Uo couldn't help it,' with a laugh in hor eyes, ' flail him a diinco, you know, Ifu wont away disgusted,' gravely, ' for bo couldn't iind mo,' ' Do you liko lilm f' Tlmro wuh a curious look iu the IiiiiiiIhoiiiii faou that had Hoiilom ditrkiuiuil for any woman's words, ' J don't know,' with provocation, ' When ] llnd out sliitll J (nil you P' Thuro was tho faintest stir iu tho thicket, und suddenly Jloriot know llmt wlmteyor Ihu oyenlng's udvuntures bad been ulio did not 'mean him to know tbum, ' Ob, i l' hu said, lightly | 'Must as you like,' JIu led tlm way up thu path iu Hihnmu till i hey reitalmd tlio oiiiiu ground wirt oould sue tliu house, ' I'll witluh you mifuly in,' im took off liiw DuiM ' you'll hu all right from Imro, Good' night,' ' Arun't you uoming (« dlnnor P 'J'lmy,' «ignillcinit)y, ' won't be book,' 'Nol' no ruturnud, (or to bu biddon iu Jjruohlounu'fl houNO nnd out Ills Immd any loiiuur wasimnoMulblu, 11 Yo ii Imd huilur, Vou won't sou us much Jongor,'' woolly, ' Do you know Mr, JSguri on'§ going Ui Milru us itwuy ?' ' it hu n(oi-jml hlnmlf, It wim no Imhmu of bin. If wim ubowi to innrry Mrlo, ritumUm of bin i mi uml Audito r thut vrim liw'ttltwli'j Till Andria Ujhi her, im Inul no iiiiiii io, ? » Jf wlmt r H Nothing,' HwItwMnJIy, ? ' Yon uru UmHnu mo liko it luhllil »g»ln, iiiui u» J I nol hii/fiut to liko you I ' #h« moil, ouli'Mily, uml tlm my altildllko ring of hor yoho uppuuM to htm, Yoi hu uiootl utterly tiiliini, I f ho, u hivkon /mm, u imnllm mhow Unvi't uliuuhl imko Um Ut n girl who i«vi;n» ilropiiing Imd Iwifl him was mu 'imlruss, wm thing would hu -wll«d Ity » j'reliy immn, Ih dhl md imu two Htmm for tin; my/dery nbmit hor If only shu w-»r« thu waif shu xueiimd. II Yiii, nflim nil.' ill! lll/illl/lll Mwiftlv. ' (I Villi it brokoiwlown devil like mo would tnulto imr it butler husband Mmu JCrlo—im/ijwsliig Im's froo, whiuU I don't believe I Ihmim mm tmy iniftt moony mul I Imro no un nm I going w Jiuod hur ow Ut ilm Hint rmw who wimis hurt liy George I Vm going to do ou snub thing,' lint omi Ito tlaml not loll hur what j hu knew about Jtnlmond JSrle, III iho moonlight she nUimnnl Ui bl* side like t» lovely ghost, and um slie brushed him in i«ti»ing it qui ok rapture ran through bim, Tbwr« wits no #on»u In i-w*oiiing, bo lovi.-d her— for llfo und death aud the world lo immo, At ft word from her he would sweup Brio ami bin father from her path like iitraws, JIo would wot toll her thu trap ulio way Iu, m)Uo taunt cbooae for hcrnolf fn-cly and without bias. Hut lio would not lot nor go. If aim hIiuii Id letru to lore HHo — and hmven knew whjr, but many womon did —what would alio fool when Andria mado tbo aceno alio waa auro to do P ' Why don't yo» apoak P' alio broko out, potiilaully. ' I know what yeu'ro thinking— Hi**- if Mr. ISgortoa ia going to taku ua away you're going to start off through tho bunli to-night and try for the town Ilium ia acroia Iho island 1 You'iw going to waab your handa of Andria and me. M What clao oan I do, if you'ro going Iwck with him P' Ida voice utterly grim. ' Yon can go with ui,' ' In the liiiit placo I wouldn't go, and iu tho ?ooond,' (latly, ?? tlioy wouldn't take mo. No s If you'ro going in the yacht I ahonld bo off to Bight, if it weren't for leaving you and Mrs. —Mia* Holboach, quickly, ' to Uml crn*.y brnto I let iu laat ni^ht,' Tho girl roaoilod as if bo Imd struck her, lloriot ouhmmI himaelf for having hngglod at Andrin's narao. Dut it waa not that, ' Oh,' criod Horyl, with a aob of ihatne, ' ho wont oomo ! Ho'll never oomo any more, nor hit oata, oitlior. Don't apoak to mo, don't ask mo why, Andria knows,' alio woa crying blttorly, ' that all quoor animals and things co mo to mo. Aud I mot him to.iiight, and I did scream, though I told you a lio I Ho was so old — nnd so pitiful— I couldn't lot you hart him. Hnt he was there all iho timo f said ho wm gono.' ' Darling I' said lloriot, softly, ' Wttlo bravo darling, don't cry.' Ho put hi* arm round tho oowod shouldora as goutly as a woman, and with as solf-forgetful a tenderness, Ho knew no other girl would havo pitied a man who fiilod hor with terror, who bad bitten liko a beast buforo hor oyos only last night. ' Don't cry 1' ho ropontod. ' Aud wny do you mind lhatnuimals trnslyoiinnd miserable things oomo to you P 1 lovod you for it tho vorv tirst day I aaw you,' ?' M othor L^olicitas soid 1 wasn't human I I was half a beast,' sho nobbed, 'And it makos mo afraid of — who I am.' ' Horyl, look nt tne,' said tho man, softly. Sho stoppod crying; just in timo, if sho hod known it, to koop hor sobs from joalotis oars close by. ' Do you know,' Jloriot said, ' why things liko tlmt trust you P liucauso you lovo thorn and havo no fear of fhem. I would givo half my lifo to have dumb animals como to mo as Ihoy do to you. Don't you know that no wild thing will oomo to any ono who isn't so good that tlipy know ilP' ' No | sho whispered, Ho nodded gravely, M Tlioro is something oIbo just as truo,' ho snid very low, ' I lovo vou, too,' ho stooped his haudsomo head aud kissed hor hnndH. At tho light touch of his kiss sho shivered, ?' Don't bo afraid,' ho wbisporod, For his lifo ho could not spoak ahovo his breath. ' You can't!' sho cried. ' No one does but Andria.' ' I;ook at me,' ho ropoatod more gontly than over, ? mid ns sho raised her eyes tho sweetness and truth in his overmastered her. ' Tell mo, enn't you lovo mo— only a littlo P' 'I don fc knows but sho had lovod him madly, jealously, since tho very day ho caino, ' I dim t know,' ' I think you do,' lfo had soon hor oyos. » Horyl I' Sho ulung to him suddenly. M They would murder you I Salomo said so. Oh I take mo away from this placo— from Mr, Jflgorton,' ' I'll try I' said Jloriot, aoberly. And sud denly the task buforo him Hashed out in its truo colours, Ho run lined that unless bo could bo outwitted Krceldonno would kill tho girl before ho let hor got awuy. ' You can do it if you want to I' Somehow sho was disappointed, lukeu aback, Tlio slow words Hint woro so much better than a rash promise.had chilled lior almost to distrust, Jloforo lie could answer shu hud broken away from lilm nnd wus soudding auross tliu grass to tho houso, ^ ('/'« l/o conllnwtl,) 