A GHOST IN THE LAW COURT. One of tho most celebrated As&ize; ca*oi arose out of a. murder committed iu Warwickshire. A farmer, ou his return from the market at Southam, was murdered, A man went the next morning to his wife, and inquired if her husband came homo the evening before. She replied no, and that she was under tbe utmost anxiety and terror on that account. Your terror, said ho, cannot equal mine, for last night, ba 1 lay in my bed, quite awake, the apparilion of your hus band appeared to me, fallowed me several stabs in hie body, told me he had beeu murdered by such a portion, and his carcase thrown into such a marl pit. The alarm wa» given, tbe pit searched, tbe body fount], tho woundo answered the description of them. The mau whom tbe ghsat had accused was apprehended, and coin mitted ou a violent buspicion of murder. His trial came ou at Warwick before the Lord Chief Justice Raymond, wheu the Jury would have cooticted, as rashly us the Justice of the Peace had committed him, had not the Judge checked thorn. He addressed himself !Q words to fcbis purpose : tk 1 tbmk, geotlccncu, you seem inclined to lay more stress ou the evidence of an apparitioa than it will bear. 1 cannot say that 1 give much credit to thtte kind of stories ; but, be that as it will, we bare no right to follow our own private opinion bere ; we nru now in a Court of Law, and must determine according to it; abri I kuow not of any law now ia beic^ which will admit of the tchtirnouy of an apparition ; nor yet, if it did, doth tke ghost appear to gi?e evidence. Crier," said be, "call tbu ghost!" which was thrice doue, but to no purpese. It appeared act, " Gentltmeu of the jury," con tinued the judge, " the prisoner at the bar, as you have beard, by undeuiable witnesses is a man of unblemished character ; nor hath it appeared, in the course of the examination,that there vras any manner of quarrel or gtudge be tween him and the party dcceaaed. I do verily boliere hitn to be perfectly iunocent ; and, as there is no cvidenoe against hia, either positire or circumstantial, he must be acquitted. But from oircuuistuDcea which hare arisen during the trial, 1 do strongly suspect the geutlemau who earr tbe apparition was himself the mur derer, in which case he might easily ascertain the pit, the stabs, &cM; without any supernatural assistance ; and on such suspicion 1 shall thiuk myeolf justified in committing him to clo*e custody, till the matter c«n be further inquired into." This was immediately done, unii a warrant granted for seaiching his house, when such stroug proofs of guilt appeared agaioit hioi, that he confessed tho murder, aod was frcuteuced to be executed at the nest assize*. 