Seventy Times Seven. edblxshed bt srzoun issixoraiEX'T.. By ADELINE SERGEANT, | Author of "The Story of a Ponitcnt Soul," "Jaoobi's Wife," "Roger Vanbrough's I Wife," "Tho Groat Mill Stroofc Mystery," "A Lifo Sontonoe," " Dr. Endicott's Experiment," "A Rogue's Daughter," "Tlio Luck of tho House," " Casper Brooke's Daughter," "No Ambition," Sc., &o.; ; - corvr.ioirr. ! CHAPTER XI. — (Cenlinuee). The change of posture seemed slightly to trovive liei , for presently she opened her eyes Wide upon him, and said sharply — "Whnri, >im I now? Who are voili i -I'm afraid you are ill. Wjicro do yon jcouio from?'' asked Max, misweriug tlie ques- iion with another. » She seemed hardly to hear, but tried to vxise, and then sank buuk with a moan of pain. " Ob, I am hurt I I am dying!" she ;cricd feebly and then lapsed into complete insensibility. Max was in a dilemma. If ho left her While ho went to get help from Scarsficld, , nhe might, for auglit he kucw, dio before ho i returned. He could not possibly lift her ! into his high dog-cart without assistance. Was there 110 house near from which he ; could get friendly aid? Surely there was a i house-not far away ; ho could sec its chim i rieys dimly vcvoalcd against- (he sky— what place was it? He did not stay to think, j Only when he had laid the insensible woman down upon tho grass onee more, and reached i the gate of the house in question, did it ' occur to hitn that he knew it— had known it all his life. It was the I'riory— Miss Lingard's home. " So much the better," he said to himself as he rang tho doorbell sharply and decisive ly. "It is just tho thing she will like to do if 6hu is the woman I-tttke her for." He had gone to the back door, and the man who opened it looked at him suspicious ly. Max rnado known his errand— there was a woman in the road who was ill and needed assistance ; would Miss Lingard send out somo brandy, some wraps, and one or two of her servants to assist him in getting her into his trap, when lie would at onee drive her to the hospital V Ho lmd not long to wait. In an incred ibly short space of time Miss Lmgard her self ajipcared, clad in a dark waterproof cloak, with wraps across iier arm and a flask in her hand. Three servants, two men and a woman, followed her ; and, although Max did not make tlie remark to himself at that moment, ho remembered afterwards to have noted that each member of the party was as composed and self-possessed as though the matter were one of daily occur rence. He exchanged two or three words of ex planation with Miss Lingard as lie led her to tho spot where the woman was still lying. He made no apology for troubling her ; she liked him tho better for not doing so. When she reached the woman's side, she knclt- down beside her, and, by the ligbt of a lan tern which one of the servants carried, pro ceeded to pour some brandy down her throat, and to examine a little into tho nature of her illness or injuries. '"I think that her leg is injured; slio must havo fallen," said Mugdalen at last. " Give me the lantern, Jones." She took the lantern, and felt the limb tenderly, but skilfully. A moan came from : tho woman's lips : she opened her eyes and fixed them on Magdalen's face. 1 " T fell down," she murmured. " I' can't | -walk. I came — I came — to see Philip: I I heard that he lived this way. Do you I think that he'il remember mc-V That he'll I remember — Alice — Alice Muckworth of I Manchester?" | " She is wandering, poor soul," said ono I .of tlio servants, murvelling that his mis- I tress looked so pale. I Magdalen suddenly rose and stood erect, I with ciusped hands, as though turned to I atone. Max was startled by the change iu I her demeanour; she louked like one who had received a terrible shock. But the pallor and tho hesitatibn lasted for U mo ment only. She turned to her servants and gave her orders .in her usually calm and collected way " Lift her carefully," she said. " Wo will take her to the Priory; -it is there that she wiU stay." , CHAPTER Xn. Magbales's Gcitsm. dur to pro- thing of the teayUnbeSa " vcrv unsuit- able person to take into ynr house." . Magdalen only smiled. He remembered the s m 1 ' 0 afterwards, and ' 111,3 I'uxzlcd by it. The r J® the lantern ' lm(' (1,'lS'lod M'on her face, /WhVJipSA and showed a curious 1ooI: of mingled compos- 'H/ii'lsr 310n' amusement, oven a Iittic SC0l'n- 11 said of -b-Mr 5lim vurY plainly that yv JN Magdalen despised his prudent advice, and ' 7 UC would have none of it. \jji Perhaps this intorpreta- i ff tiou was not quite cor- reel. He helped to lift tlie insensible woman and to carry her to the house. Magdalen went befero the little procession, walking swiftly, in order to make arrangements for the reception of her strange visitor. Much preparation was not necessary There was always a guest-chamber ready at tlie Priory, and the guests wore sometimes of the neediest. The men laid their burden down upon tlio bod, mid softly retired. Max lingered in the passage outside the door Until Mag dalen appeared. An old nurse had taken cliargo of the sufferer, and Miss Lingard cante-Out to give further orders. Von will want a doctor. I have my dogcart here. Shall I drive to Dr. Elli- .son's. and send him up?" Max asked. " If it is not troubling you too much." 111 least. I will 'send him or bring him myself as soon as I can. I hope," Max hesitated a little as he spoke, " I hope that you will not repent your kindness." " I am sure I shall not. I feel inclined to thank you for coming to me for help," she said earnestly ""And you will not think nie rude— but— but— vou will brin". the doctor as quickly as you can, will you not?" "I will. Good night, Miss Lingard." He could not help smiling a little at her impatience. She looked eager, anxious, yet younger and lovelier than he had yot seen her, perhaps because of the unwonted flush upon her cheek, the light of a strange ex citement iu her eyes, tlie trembio of Im parted lips. Max took that pictiu-o of her away with lain as ho went out into tho night. He repeated, to himself over and over again that she was eccentric, that ho did not liko eccentric women, that he did not like her But what a siveot face she had 1 He could not got it out of his mind ; it haunted him like a ghost. Ho wished that ho could forget it. Dr. Ellison was nt home,, and gladly ac cepted Max's' offer of u drive to the Priory. The doctor tried to extract information from his companion on tho way, but Mas had noiio to -give... "You don't know who tho woman is"- . "No." "And Miss Lingard docs not know?" " I suppose not." "I wondor if sho had any reason for taking her into her own house," said the doctor, inoi-0 to himself than to Max. " Sho is not the woman to do things from caprice." "You know her well?" asked Max, for getting his reserve. "I know her. nnd admire her. I rever- ence her," said the doctor, shortly and do- cidedly "Slie.is beyond praise." The words gave Max a subtle pleasure; ho could not havo said why. Ho meant to go straight home after taking tho doctor to tho Priory, but, yield ing to nil impulse which ho himself thought unaccountable, he offered to wait and drive tho doctor home again when ho -had seen his patient. And as Dr. Ellison agreed to this. Max left the dogcart in tlio ehargo of a man nt the lodge (lie had found his way now to tlio front entrance), and entered tho house with him. He was shown into tlio room where Miss Lingard usually sat. It was a plait), almost barc-lnuking, room ; there wus matting on tho floor; tho only articles of furniture were bookcases, rush-bottomed chairs, and a writing table. Here ho stayed for some time — so long, in fact, that lie grew rather weary of waiting nnd began to yawn. But at last footsteps wore lieurd upon tho stairs, tho door was opened, and Magdalen eante in, followed by tlie doctor Her face still wore tho look of suffused brightness, almost of exaltation, which hnd struck Max as so rcmnrknblo. Sho was Unshed, nnd her eyes wore strangely bright : but her voice and maimer wcro perfectly calm as she ex changed a few wards with the doctor, and then turned to bid Max good-bye. Dr. Ellison had walked into the hall, looking for his lint; for one brief moment Miss Lingard was alone with Max. Sho gavo.-'hiin hot- hand, and upoke with a sweeter, friendlier look nnd tone than ho hud ever yet obtained from her. " You do not know what vou hnve dono," she said, "but I tbnnk you for it alt the same. I tlintik you with nil my heart." Ho fancied that a slight moisture enme to her beautiful eyes as she turned away. Ho coul 1 not reply , he was astonished; he wus struck dumb. What had he done to deserve thesu almost passionate words of thanks? Would she not tell him, some day, what she meant? Yes, one day she did tell Jiim. But that day was still far off, and she dreamt uot of it yet. She waited quietly in the hall for a few minutes when tlie two men were gone, ns if socking to recover her composure before returning to the sick-room. Tlio lights were out, the fire in tho wide grate was burning low. Not. a sound could be heard; it scorned as if tho old house were empty and desolate. Dcsolaic indeed it hnd often seemed to Magdalen, but it did not seem desolate now It was filled with memories and hopes — memories of those whom she had taken in and helped and comforted, even as she had taken in the homeless wan derer for whom Max had asked her aid : hopes for many who had gone hack to their work in the world, strengthened and cheered by her cnro for tliem and theirs. For this was the work of Magdalen's life, which caused lior to be called eccentric by those who know her only by outsido report : her house was alwnys open to tho needy and suffering: she had made it in very truth a "house of rest," a haven for those who were tempest-tossed, and her heart- was ns open to the weary and sorrow-stricken as were her house and her lands. But this newcomer was not like the others. Of all whom sho had helped there had not been ono connected with licr by any tie but that of a common humanity. But this. woman, this outcast, this wanderer, hnd littered names which Magdalen could never hear unmoved. " Alice Mnebwortli !" — Tt was tho nnmo of Philip Eslier's deserted wife — the mother of those children who were dear to Magdalen as her own kith and kin. And sho came, she said, "to see Philip" — and would he remember lior? What did it nil mean? Was it that Philip's wife was still alive, and that she had come, by a strange coincidence, to the very house where her children lived, where there was one who would lovo her as a sister, and nurse lier back to health and strength and happiness? It was this conviction that had irradiated Magdalen's face, and made her thank Max Brendon for all that he had done. Standing in the dim hull, where a feeble flicker of "light from tlie expiring firo only now and' then struggled through the gloom, the brightness went out of Magdalen's ex pression, the momentary triumph from her heart. After ail, if it were true, what did it mean but greater sorrow, perhaps even greater disgrace than she had contemplated? Had Captain Ksher known nothing of the truth all this time? Magdalen shuddered as she reflected that there was nothing in his past history to give her any confidence in that senso of honour, that sense of duty, which sho might have counted on in some men. And, whether he had known it or not, whut had been this poor woman's history during tho last few years? Where was her sister — tho stern woman who had stopped Philip Usher's marriage with Magdalen, but who had also averred that Alice, his wife, was dead? There was a .mystery somewhere : and Magdalen brooded over it witli bent brow and hauging bead as she ascended the stairs that led to tho poor wanderer's room. A lamp was burning, and tlio fire was blazing brightly,- -..but a screen had been placed round the .'bed, so that the invalid's eyes might not be dazzled with the light. An old woman in a closo white cap sat beside her. This was Becky — Magdalen's former nurse and faithful friend, who was always ready when helpful work was to be done. Tho woman was under the influence of- narcotics, hut her sleep was iilful and un easy. Magdalen sent the old nurse away and took iter plneo beside tho bed. There was light enough for her to see distinctly the worn and wasted features, and on these Magdalen gazed iu deep anxiety, not un mixed with fear. It had been a pretty face : so much was certain. The fair hair tossed wildly over the pillows had once been bright uiM abun dant ; tho blue eyes, now closed, were still remarkable for their beauty. The features bore traces of .illness nnd care, but thoy were dolicutoly cut. She looked older than Alice Mackworth — Alice Esher — could really he; but the hardships of lier life might have impressed that look of age upon her face. And us Magdalen looked and looked it seemed to her that situ saw more and more clearly a likeness to one of Philip's children — to little Daisy Esher, whom she had always fancied to lie like Iter unknown mother. " It was Dolly who resembled Philip ; Daisy, with her blue eyes and meek faco and winning ways, was like somebody whom Magdalen had never seen. Was it the mother of these children who lay before her now? A movement of tlio sleeper displaced her coverings; Mugdalen rose to put them straight-. Her gentlo fingers caino in con tact with something hard, and, almost with out knowing what she did, sho drew out n littlo locket tied by a black ribbon round the woman's neck." It was a poor little locket, battered and worn ; the fastenings had grown weak, and came loose in Mag dalen's hand. It flew open, nnd she saw — was it not what she lmd almost expcelcd to sec? Why then should she catch tier breath hard, and' look at tho pictured face before lier with something tike aversion, mingled with dread? The locket contained a bit of go'den-brown linir, a wedding ring, nnd an old photograph of Philip i-lsher's handsome smiling,- cruel fnee. Magdalen shut the locket again, and put it back into its place, rearranged the tumbled coverlet, nnd smoothed hack the Jangled hait't then sho sat down again ill her chair ut thu bedside. Few could have told from a view of her calm, pale face, Iter quietly folded lumds, what a storm had suddenly been aroused iu tlie heart that seemed so tranquil. Tho sight of that photograph laid brought hack a tido of memories beneath which judgment, and will went down. She had long ceased to dream of Philip Kslicr, and yet— sho wus suddenly conscious that she hud not forgotten him. 'J'lie light of his mocking eves was still before her : the amused, satirical turn of liis mouth had power over her still. Bat, ns she cimqjdorcd tlio matter, she knew well enough that her predominant feeling tviis not that of love, or of what tho world calls love. It was auger, resent ment, almost enmity. Sho was bitterly in dignant with him yet. Sho was surprised to find herself feeling so strongly on tho sub ject-. She thought that she hud conquered herself ; that lier troubled, disciplined heart was still. But it hnd awakened onee more with throbs of passionate, burning pain ; with thu old intolerable sense of humilia tion; and site knew not where to turn for comfort. Did she not know? Hor heart smote her for tho thought. There was a Bonk iu whieli she read day by day, which hud been lior guide in perplexity, lier safeguard in danger and woe. Desperately she turned to it at the moment, seeking seme counsel or somo comfort. There was a Testainunt iiji the table at her side : sho opened it and turned over its leaves in tlio dim light, her eves roving hero lmd there, up and down the page. Presently she slopped short, lior uuml ar rested by something she hud seen. .She sat with tho book- in lior bands for' tome minutes ; then she laid it down and limit lior fneo upon it as if iu thought or prayer. Tears eamo as n- welcome -relief; when she lifted hoi' head again the calmness had come back to her eyes, the grave serenity to lier Hps. " How often shall my brother sin against ino and I forgivo him?' slio had read. "I say unto you until seventy times soveip" There Avas to be no limit, then, to forgive ness of wrongs. Slie hud harboured lwtreil in lier heart against Philip Esher nil these years. Now and for ever slui would put it away from her. If sho had never forgiven' liim'beforc, in the prescnco of Ins neglected wife alio would Forgive him nuw. Iti tlio early dawn tho Bick woman opened hor eyes and fixed them an Magdalen with- a questioning look. Magdnlcn spoko to her, soothed her with kind words, and assured her that she would ho taken caro of until sho wus well and strong. The woman lis tened, hut did not respond; the terrified took. in. her eyes did nut die away. It wus with somo hesitation, some rapid beating of the heart, that Magdalen said at last-. " Will you tell mo your name?" The woman was silent for a moment, and then said feebly, though distinctly, " Mack- worth." "And your first name is?" "Alice." She spokp with lier eyes fixed on tlie wall before her) as if she were repeating some thing that she had learned by heart. "Alice," she said. "Yes, Alice — Alice — Alice — that's it ; I know it now. Thoy gave nio a different name before. He wiil know who it is if you tell him that Alice wants him." " Who?" asked Magdalen, bending over lier. "Philip Esher. Send for him." "Yes, I will send for him," said Mag dalen. And then (ho wild blue eyes closed, and the poor creature fell into auother rest less sleep. TO HE COXTTt- rrrn. 