The Mallee Ghost (By "Vandorian.") A conical mountain peak towered above the Mallee homestead, and cast deep shadows over the gully at its base. The house stood on a steep hill, which sloped to meet the curve of a winding road; beyond it, a small creek, like a Scotch burn, trickled and splashed over its water-worn boulders. And from this same clear bubbling stream came the shrill cries which had startled the stillness of so many peaceful nights. For there could be no. doubt about it, Mallee home- stead was haunted. The water gushed from a spring under a mossy rock; tall tree-ferns waved their delicate fronds, above the glinting shadows; and feathery myalls cast a flickering shade on fern and stream. It made a picture of restful beauty. There was no other habitation within fifty miles, if we except the huts occupied by station hands, and a small slab tenement that stood in a dark hollow near the noisy brook. A strange place this for a dwelling, but it suited the tenant—an old hag, with white hair and shrivel- led, yellow skins. She stood for a moment in the doorway; then, coming forward, looked up and down the road, with a fierce air of expectancy. Her step was light and active; her neat black gown and spotless muslin kerchief might have graced a deaconess;, her face and general demea- nor would have placed her as leading lady in a witches' chorus. Shading her eyes with a skinny, " There was no other habitation within fifty miles." claw-like hand, she mumbled and muttered to herself. Level bars or copper sunlight searched those sunken orbs; perhaps they found there little that was congenial to their brightness, for they flickered off and played upon the dancing waters of the stream. "Here she comes! Aye; but she's a fine fool to be mistress up yonder!" And old Nan waited, as she often had done before, to see young Mrs. Garth ride past with her husband. "He'll pay dear for that doll face—ye'll have a sore heart yet, master!" And with a vengeful puckering of her thin lips Nan watched, two figures—a man and woman—coming along the road that passed her hut. They, were riding slowly, so intent on each other that until the lady's horse shied and jump- ed to one side they had not noticed the old woman. She came forward, and dropped a low curtsey— evidently imported. But the bitter mockery of respect was all her own. Mr. Garth frowned, and pulled up his horse. "Good evening, Nan;" and his tone was sharp and curt. "Good evenin', sir. I hope I see ye well, ma'am?" and she turned to the fair English girl, who Involuntarily drew nearer to her husband. This old hag inspired her with a shrinking anti- pathy, which she scarcely tried to conceal. "I am very well, thank you," was the cold reply. "Is there anything you want?" Yet, in spite of her words, Mrs. Garth's cheek paled. There was something in the malevolence of Nan's eye that chilled her like an icy breath. "Thank ye kindly, ma'am; but the master'll never see me want—he'll never see me want." The "master" looked as if he would see her in a warmer clime with considerable pleasure. "You've always got plenty to say, Nance;" and he eyed her sternly. "Too much idleness, wo- man, isn't good for that busy old brain of yours." And with a brief nod to Nan they both rode off. In another moment the homestead sliprails were reached, and Mrs. Garth broke the silence. "What a dreadful old creature she is! I cannot think why you should be so kind to Nan—she is so insolent and ungrateful. But, then, you are so good to everyone." And the blue adoring eyes of two and twenty looked into the hazel depths of eight and thirty. These latter shifted un- easily under that innocent gaze; but it was only for an instant. "It certainly isn't pleasant to have an old witch like that almost at our front door. But, unfortu- nately, Nan won't live anywhere else, and she has a sort of claim to that place. The great consolation is she cannot live for ever—even to spite me!" Yet Mr. Garth laughed rather awkwardly. "Every family has its own particu- lar little skeleton; ours is not a very dreadful one, but it rattles its ugly old bones in the light of day with unpleasant frequency!" And lifting his wife from her horse, Mr. Garth sighed, even while he kissed the blooming face so near his own. Hand in hand they ran up the verandah steps, and stood together under a gabled porch that faced the wes- tering sun. Then they paced and down; his arm, lover-like, round her waist. Mr. Garth was very much in love with his wife, and there were a few episodes in the past which he would have forgotten with considerable cheerfulness. Nan served him as a conscience, and helped him to remember. "I cannot get that hideous face out of my mind —yet—once you told me that long ago Nan was handsome." "I can't remember it myself," replied Mr. Garth, slowly; "but I have my poor mother's word for it. Nance came out from England with her, as maid. Latterly she became housekeeper here. Finally, and it would seem for ever, she has taken up her abode in the hollow yonder. I believe she was half-gipsy—a handsome girl, with the most mar- vellous black eyes. My mother—poor soul!— always declared "that Nan had bewitched my fa- ther—that he was under a spell. It did seem strange that he could neglect a sweet, refined lady for a wild cat like that!" "These scandals are very painful; but it all happened so long ago. Do not distress yourself about Nan—she cannot touch our happiness," and Mrs. Garth smiled tenderly at her husband. Laughing, he pulled off her natty riding hat. and the pale gold-of her hair caught the glory of the evening sky. "Time to change your things," he said, fondly stroking the trim braids. "You are a tremendous swell at present; but by-and-bye you will wear your hair in true station fashion." "How?" "Well, I don't know enough about it to give you a correct technical definition. But, picture yourself, when the married couple get drunk—the house servents find it too dull, and want to leave at five minutes notice—and you, un- happy Emmeline! expect a houseful of people for Christmas! How about these elaborate coils then?" So, talking gay nonsense, they went indoors. And from under the tangled vines that overhung her low roof, Nan watched them go. Her eyes sparkled with something of their former brightness—only death could ever extinguish the fierce light of those bur- ning coals. "Curse him for a low hound!" and the old wo- man shook her clenched fist at the homestead. "My poor girl's dead and gone—ay!—but she ain't far away! Let him turn his head—he can't ride out o' his paddocks without seein' her grave! D'ye hear me, Garth?" But the night wind mock- ed her fury. Lights shone through the widely- opened windows of the homestead, and a few pale stars glimmered in the deepening twilight. There —on the crest of the hill—was Youth, Wealth, Happiness; here—in the dark hollow—was Old Age in all its bitter loneliness. Old Age bereft of that which should have been its stay and com- fort. A rough mound under the shadow of the turpentines held the only creature this fierce na- ture had ever loved. Strange that Mr. Garth should have forgotten to mention Nan's pretty niece! The old woman had loved this girl as a tigress loves its young. To-night she thought of her low bed under the star-lit sky. "Ay, but ye'll rue the day, Garth—ye'll rue it with a sore heart—I've sworn lt over my girl's dead body ! Day by day I watched her fade—your doing, yours!" And, shaking a lean forefinger, Nan burst into wild laughter. "A bad lot," she muttered, "father and son, both the same—both the same! Ye've got a rare bad mem'ry, master; I'll help ye better it!" Spring had waned, and mid-summer, with its bright days and balmy nights, brought Christmas in its train; for Mallee stood on the highlands of New England. But, for all its crisp sunshine, and cool, bracing climate, Mrs. Garth drooped and fad- ed. She looked worn and thin ; her step was slow; her eye had lost its brightness; her old buoyant spirits had deserted her. Servants worried her with their foolish tales. They loudly, declared the place was haunted. If they remained for a time, they made her nearly as nervous as themselves; if they left, it was worse, for the loneliness was insupportable. Mr. Garth was often absent on the outlying parts of the run, and his wife kept her fears to herself ; it was a subject with which he had little sympathy. What was it? A white, corpse-like face looking through some darkened window at midnight; piercing screams resounding at dawn through the wooded hollow— this was the usual tale told by some frightened domestic, with chattering teeth and startled eyes. But for weeks before Christmas nothing had hap- pened, and Mrs. Garth's face began to lose its strained expression of nervous expectancy. Mallee was gay with a big house party. No brighter scene could usher in the New Year than that over which the young hostess presided. "So you really have a ghost on the premises! Well, there is nothing left to grumble about in an Australian Christmas." and a jolly, fresh-faced youth—a new importation—turned to Mrs. Garth. At the head of that gay supper-table she looked her best, yet evert the soft folds of her white ev- ening dress failed to hide the wasted linen of her slender figure. "But I don't grumble." she said, with a cheery smile. "And if only the ghost will behave itself properly, and come at orthodox intervals—when I am not alone, for instance—" "Oh, have you, seen it? Please tell us all about it, only—if it comes—I know I shall faint!" and a smiling girl turned with an arch look to her nearest neighbor. "Do—I mean, do faint—I am awfully good at catching." "Come, I am going to taboo the Mal- lee ghost, and drink to his or her decent burial," and Mrs. Garth stood up at the end of the long ta ble. Everyone drank the toast. They were all young and merry. Mr. Garth was many years ol- der than anyone present; perhaps, for that reason, he saw no fun in the jest of the moment, for he looked displeased. But the English-boy was ir- repressible. "Please don't say it's a 'she." Oh, how nervous I feel!" and he caught his pretty neighbor's hand under cover of the table. Probably she felt ner- vous, too, for the hand was not withdrawn. "But, I say you know," and the Irrepressible returned, to the attack, "I feel so awfully fright- ened! It might make me better if you wouldn't mind telling me what kind of phantom I am to expect. It would be so awkward to be suddenly confronted by a headless lady, in the lonely mid- night, without an introduction—you know how I feel about it!" Mrs. Garth smiled at his cheery prattle. "Well, then," she said, "this is what you may expect; though I—I only fancied I saw it, remember that! But the servants say that it is a woman's face, young and handsome, with piercing, black eyes —" and she hesitated. Every one was listen- ing eagerly, but Mr. Garth frowned impatiently. "You will observe," said he "there is nothing very new or original about the Mallee ghost. It is the same medieval head; and it walks about in the good, old-fashioned way, and screams at irregular intervals. Tradition fails to state, however, where it keeps its legs!" "It screams? Now I know I shall faint!" murmurs Pretty-face. But the clinking of glasses delayed her fell design, for Mr. Garth had given another toast. The clock was striking the hour of midnight. There was the soft "frou frou" of silken skirts; the wax lights shone with mild radiance on silver and damask; stem to bowl, each glass clinked merrily. "A Happy New, Year!" and the master of the house turned with a gay laugh to his guests. Then he glanced at the fair face opposite his own. The laughter froze on his lips, for like a wraith between him and the woman he loved, two wild, black eyes mocked his happiness—a dead, white face pressed against the window- pane. Then it vanished. And Mrs. Garth? "With pale face and widely dilated eyes, she too, searched the outer dark- ness for another glimpse of the phantom which marred the peace of her happiest moments. There was an instant pf tense, expectant sil- ence. Then came the sound of hurrying feet; doors banged inside; shrill cries echoed outside; and, with a hideous howl, the newest importa- tion rushed into the supper room. It was Yabo, a black cook, and his woolly head came first, like a battering-ram. "Oh my lor'! Debbil debbil got me, Massa Garth!" "Then he's got his own at last!" Mr. Garth had fairly lost his temper, and catching Yabo by the back of his tunic, he hauled him outside. "Confounded fools of servants" Now, mind what I say," and his voice, was loud and an- gry, "I'll put an end to it, once and for all. The man or woman I catch playing these tricks, I'll shoot down as I would a dingo, or—any other pest!" Yabo collapsed into a limp heap, and Mr. Garth seized a small rifle that stood in the corner of the hall. Apparently it was loaded, for, without pausing to examine it, he rushed out into the darkness. Through the open window came the sound of sobbing, then a long- drawn sigh, as if from someone in the room. "I say, Mrs. Garth, don't look like that! It's only some trick, and—sup- posing we go out on the verandah?" Yet, in spite of his cheery tone, young Esmond felt more scared than he cared to admit. There must, he thought, be some strange mystery, some founda- tion for the ghostly tales he had heard since his arrival at the homestead. "I—I am so dreadfully afraid that some' calamity—" and Mrs. Garth paused a moment, for her teeth chat- tered, and she shook as if with ague. There was no need to finish her sen- tence—no time to put into words the catastrophe that had suddenly over- whelmed the homestead. A puff of wind caught the lace curtains, and blew them across a lamp which had been placed on a small table near the open window. The result was instan- taneous. The table—a slight thing, made of wickerwork—toppled over, the curtains blazed, and the smoking lamp emptied its contents on the matting. The draught fanned the blaze into fierce tongues of flame that played round the woodwork with swift and fatal effect. Dazed and stupefied, Mrs. Garth sway- ed, and would have fallen, but young Esmond lifted her slight figure in his arms, and rushed through an open French window. Outside servants and guests were in the wildest alarm. So strange an interruption to a New Year's party, and such a fatal termi- nation to its gaiety, was al- most appalling in its swiftness. The house, built of wood, burnt like a matchbox, and illumina- ted the country for miles. Like a blazing beacon on a hill top, its red glow reflected in the sky, and pausing for a moment Mr. Garth watched it burn with the half-conscious gaze of a man who walks in his sleep. Then he rushed down the hill, impelled by a sudden sense of mad fury and resentment. He would settle old scores; yes, he would wipe out an old debt, and silence for ever the bitter tongue that would not let him forget the past. A few mo- ments brought him to the top of the old quarry at the rear of Nan's hut. Hatred, like an unerring instinct", had guided his steps aright. There, in the light of his burning homestead, Mr. Garth saw the old woman, like the embodiment of ruin and disaster. "It's a bright New Year, master, an' maybe one ye'll not forget. Eh! but the old homestead crackles like a bonfire!" And Nan's shrill laughter rang out with the un- meaning mirth of a maniac. Nothing but madness could, have prompted a taunt at such a moment. "A bright New Year, bel- dame; and your last! And be d—d to your witchcraft," and Mr. Garth seized her furiously by the throat. "Over with you—over!" But Nan strug- gled with the fury of a wild cat. Nearer and nearer to the edge, pant- ing, and wrestling, and clutching with her skinny hands at the strong figure that was trying to hurl her over the brink. Then, so near that the loose earth gave way under their feet; so close that the sky reeled above them, and with a pierc- ing scream Nan lost her balance. Yet she never loosened her hold on Mr. Garth. With a grip like death itself, she dragged him to eternity over a sheer precipice a hundred feet deep. ' * * * * With the tragic death of Mr. Garth and the destruction of the homestead, the Mallee Ghost should have been laid for ever. But its evil repu- tation remains. And overlanders travelling with stock on the outlying portions of the run tell strange tales of a flying figure, like the white wraith of a woman's form, that flits through the brushwood in the hollow. And with bated breath they whisper round a camp fire that "nothing earthly wails and sobs like the flying phantom called the Mallee Ghost!" There were nearly 22,000 deaths in 1898 from snake bites in India. According to the "Medical News," the efficiency of the new serum is now fairly well established, but the price of a bottle puts it beyond the reach of most of the victims. No business man can be too well trained. No business can have too well-trained workers in its service. 