Short Story. Escorting the Colonel's Wife. One day a mail rider arrived at the frontier fort with such news that a ser geant and six men and an ambulance were ordered out within an hour to es cort and convey the Colonel's wife down to the railroad. This was a trip of forty' miles. For the first ten miles it was over a level piain, then . the trail Van through the scrub, along -the foothills, over live miles of . desert, -around, the south : base • • : of .. the •' mountain, and straight down to- the rail road. It • was a hard," rough trail. It took' the -army waggons from "three _to four days to make the forty miles; We could make it ill' two if al lowed to pursue.'.our way in peace.-. For a year there had been^no open act.of hostility on the part of the Indians,-but we had known for weeks that: they were makiug ready for an outbreak. It was queer enough that the Colonel sihould' come down to us in person as we stood beside our saddle^ horses, knowing nothing of where we were to go. or the object of the trip, bubstranger. yet that all " military etiquette" should go out of: his voice and demeanour as he said : ■ "Men, I ifm going to send my. wife down to the railroad to go .'East. --You are to be her escort.: 'It is a case of'life or death, or she would-not go. - I^arn" afraid of the Indians, and yet I tliint you will get through all- right.. You rare. to make-the "best -time possible.; If at tacked——" " We shall, beat them off, sir," replied Sergeant Gregg, after- waiting half-a minute for the Colonel to finish. t " I hope you can., I can only send the' seven of you and'a driver.-:. Bight men ought to beat; oft a hundred Indians, unless taken in ambush.-- Be watchful and prudent. ; Sergeant,• you are an old Indian fighter. - You will - know best what to do. You will get away:, by. 1 o'clock, travel as fast as you can and as late as you can, so as to finish "the journey to'-ruorrow. If yon are at tacked-—" The Colonel did not finish. He-looked at each man anil horse,--inspected the ambulance and ■ its pair of - mules, and with a half-nod to us "5fe-walked away. His wife must go, and, owing to details, and sickness, no commissioned officer' could be sent along. If the Indians were out an escort of twenty men would not be too large. ■ Only eight of us were to go. Had he finished h>s sentence he would have said " If attacked, and you are about to fall into the hands of the red devils, do not let my wife-be captured alive.". \- We understood, what lie meant, though we said nothing to each other. No. mat ter what he or any one else feared, the little woman was almost merry as she took her seat in the ambulance for the start. She trusted us; to the fullest ex-, tent, and that, feeling made every man worth three.- Our horses were..- in fine fettle, and-the first ten miles'were cover ed in a gallop:. Then the way. became so Tough that we could only proceed St a walk. We wound i&rough; the scrubby cedars and pines to the crest of a low mountain', and then descended into Little Valley at jHSt 5 o'clock. A dash across the valley to'the base of Blue Mountain would put us in Camp for the night. We- had progressed famously well, and had not yet sighted an-Indian. Three different times we had to bridge chasms which mountain torrents, had cut out within a week, and twice we had to drag trees and logs out oC the path ', •before we could go on. Nothing had happened when 'we reached the' valley, and as we looked around us and across it nothing could be seen to alarm. We had just taken the ropes off the'blocked wheels of the ambulance -when the-war whoop of the hostile Indians sounded behind ns, and we looked back over our trail to catch; sight of a hundred mount ed warriors bearing down upon us. ...They had picked our trail and run us down. "'Mount! Now,, straight across 'the' valley! Fall in to the rear of tlie ambu lance !" The voice of the old sergeant was hard and firm as he spoke. The curtains of the ambulance were up, and I glanced at the Colonel's wife. She had seen and heard. Her cheeks had paled, 'but she was removing a repeating rifle from its hooks as we fell in behind the veibiele. It was a' clear five-mile dash. The prairie_was as level as a floor, ■ and the' mules needed no urging after tearing the yells of the Indians. The soldier driver wound the lines about his hands, braced his feet, and away we went. We had a Start of half-a-mile. No man looked back. The pace was a hot one and there was cover live miles away. The Indians gained on us, but' only inch by inch. The mules took up such a gait that our horses had to lie right down to It to keep up. Not a word ■was spoken as we rode, but every ear listened to locate those coming up be hind us. If they came too near we must halt and-open fire wh'ile the ambulance pushed on.- We had almost reached cover before three or four rifle bullets came singing over our heads.' Three" minutes'later we were /among the trees and • rocks,"' and the • race' was" ended.' Aa the ambulance halted and we- flung ourselvesoff-our horses, I looked back and saw a band of at least seventy In dians ^almost' within- rifle-shot of us. The road struck.••the.: hills .at '/a..gulch, and "they dared not follow us into that. They gave vent to fheir disappointment by .shouts and yells and a wante of am munition, and for a few minutes'they had no plain view. ' Well,' we beat them in a fair race," said the Colonel's wife as she (leKcentlcd from the ambulance-'with (lie rilie in her hands. " Sergeant Gregg, what'are you going to do now "Take cover, ma'am," he replied as lie gave her the military salute. : " Yes,' of ''course," she'' said ' as she' looked about." L " Did you ever seea pair of mules'i-unfaster V I might have got a shot but for your men behind. : There must be near a hundred Indians ■ out there, but I guess -we're safe; enough now." She" rattled on in that fashion -while we were taking.thb mulei-i from the am bulance, and'unsaddling our; horses, and it whs a great-weight off 'our minds to realise that she- would not be a burden on our hands. ' It was idle to think-of pursuing -din*-'journey, .in the darkness which would soon close down, and; be fore morning-there-would-be plenty' of Indians on the trail beyond. We must take cover and.hope to stand them.off until help arrived, or they grew dis couraged at the siege. As we were con sulting iibout'location and defence the'.1 Colonel's wife came back to.lis.from the mouth of the gulch and said : "That's the place, over to the /eft; men, There's a spring oil tliat hill, witli.a good growtlr/to sheiterl:all, 'and you can see plenty of boulders lying about.". ; The sergeant had selected the same spot, and to tlie course of a quarter of an hour we were occupying it. We got the horses ami zuules up there, but the vehicle was left beiiiud. It was a cone shaped hill amid half-a-dozen sueli, but it' commanded the others. It was covered with pines and cedars of small growth, and there was a splendid spring right on the crest If the Indians had been fierce in-their pursuit, or crafty in their plans, we could not have reached it. - It. was the outbreak of war again1 with them, and they were overcautious. They drew back" into the valley to con suit, thus giving us a fair show, and we were snug enough when niglit fell, and they;, made a dash for us, which we easily repulsed. ■ Darkness: found us oc cupying a - circle • about •; 40ft across, with stones and boulders and' trees for. shelter," and,. though the situation was an anxious one and full of ■ danger, all ••wore';in good spirits. -We made a fire between two rocks and cooked our supr pers, and by the use of blankets we put tip.i tent for the Colonel's wife, though1 against'1 her protests. ' After the one single .effort' of the^Indians, which. w!as doubtless .more of a: reconnaissance than • ■ an a,ttack, we were left iu peace, though all- through; the night we heard sounds 'to prove they were taking up positions on all sides of us and making ready for. •the morrow. :■ None of us except the woman- slept; •an hour all night long.- We used levers; to loosen boulders and roll them iu'to the circle,.. and. withz our < kn Ives - we cut • off limbs, and cut down small trees to fur ther strengthen our fort. AVe got the ■horses/into a sort of gully below us, and •made the position as safe as possible, and when daylight came there was noth ing more 'to be, done. We had above GOO rounds; of ammunition, -food for' three1 days, and!water was at hand. . Daybreak found us ready for an at tack.. The Colonel's wife took her place, rifle in hand, between two men, and. for half Tan-hour we expected a sudden rush.' lit the end of that time a single warrior appeankl to-view at the base of the hill,-. suwl ih; bi'Oken' ^g-Hshv'demanded our surrender. The sergeant- answered him that we were ready for them, and-at the' same time tired a shot wliiclr rolled the j. euiia.ui s ;puuy uvbi'. <jL-m.ee imiuiies . later there -was a circle of .fire about us. Indians Bad mounted into trees to the right and leto of us to getva plunging 'fire, and from the tops of two lower hills ■they, poured in their bullets at random. "We simply crouched down behind :'the rocks and smoked our pipes, "pleased that- they . were throwing away- their cartridges. At tine end of an hour they, ceased firing. Not a man of us had been tou-dhed, but stray bullets had killed one of the mules and wounded two horses. There would be a rush now, and as we made ready for it the Colonel's wife .sank down beside nie, and quietly said: " I've tumbled over sage hens and jackrabbits, and I ought to be able to bit an Indian. Do I look frightened ?" ' " ToiV are as white as a ghost, ma'am," I answered as. I turned to her. " But I'm all right," she smilingly said, " and'here thoy come." - " \- "So they did. With every painted war rior yelling at the top of his voice? the entire band charged us at" once, taking in the whole • circle. It' was not until they got close up that we could see any thing to slioot at, and every few seconds the sergeant .cried out to. us to hold our fire. If was over in a minute. They did not expect to find us entrenched, and . we knocked them over like ninepins. . ' I believe we killed or wounded a full score, and it took the fight out-of them so thoroughly that not a rifle was fired at us again until afternoon. Then, soon after 2 o'clock, and without the slightest warning, we were charged again, and for three minutes it was a wild melee. We fired into their very faces as they sprang upon the defences, and two'warriors were shot down inside our fort, and both by the Colonel's wife. It was their final and supreme effort, and well it was for us that it was thus. When we had beaten them off Sergeant Gregg- and another man lay dead, four men were badly wounded, and they had cut our animals out of the gulch and run them off. Had the attack lasted a minute longer or been renewed, two men and a woman alone would have opposed it And among the queer things of that last dash was -the behaviour of the Colonel's wife. "With, my own eyes I saw her shoot down the two warriors who had leaped the breastwork, and I believe she killed two or three more out side of it, and yet when the attack had been repulsed the little woman fell over in a dead faint, and for ten minutes we believed her dead from a bullet "When she-came back to life she had a fit of weeping, and when that was over she turned to and attended bur hurts and was ready for another brush. "We put in another night right there, not • knowing that the Indians 'had drawn • off, but soon after "sunrise next morning were relieved, of all anxiety by the appearance of a scout, who passed on and sent us aid from the fort The Colonel's wife did not get down to tire railroad, for that was the opening of a war which lasted for months, but there was no blame at tached to any of the-living who re turned to her. On the contrary,, the old martinet of a Colonel' took'each one' of us by the hand; breaking over " mili tary etiquette" once more in his life,; and said : "You did well, my man, 'and .here's my hand on it, and I won't forget you !" San Francisco Chronicle." 