|0R. SUNDAY. ??-. ? ' SERMONS OF THE DAY. THE EVERLASTING GOSPEL. Bv the Rev. E. E.- Jenkins. LL.D. 'And I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having -ihe- everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation and kindred and people and tongue.'— Rev. xiv. 6. As to the 'angel' here deseril-ed, wltatever agency he may represent, we have most to do with the f«itures of his proclamation' or pveaoliing : and these, are two— Power and Swiftness. 1. Power:' He is in mid-heiEven. 2\. Swiftness : He flies. 1\. There is Power. He is in mid-heaven. He preaches from above. There is no -refer- ence here to any priestly ascendency of the ministry. The elevation of the angel points out the high character of the message, the un earthly power of the gospel. The angel looks down upn the earth, and every tribe passes under his eye. The universal knowledge pos sessed by him shows that the gospel account of the condition of. the 'human race is the des cription of .omniscience. The provisions of the gospel are made under. the instruction of il limitable information.; and herein, as I con ceive, is tlid power of the gospel, the power of the scheme. You and I live on from day to day. We live. on by our experience, and the faults of yesterday arc to be correoted by the facts .of to-day ; and so in. searching after truth we fesl our way to it, ever amending the conclusions of. the past. But the Scrip tures are not the consummation of human ex per-iencef The lessons of the gospel are not' positions' won1 by study and thelabor of years. They come down from heaven as a perfect re velation, 'conceived by the Holy. Ghost.' The gospel was born of human, minds (but not begotten of them), and it does not forbid cri ticism. 1 think it rather invites the examina tion and judgment of students— but only in bhe sense in which any other Divine ' work submits to be handled— such as the evidence and the laws of nature. At any rate it must be touched by a reverent hand and with a patient spirit.i Inquiry so conducted will be sure to make it render up its secrets, whereas the .temper of levity, of pride, and of haste, will as -certainly seal its lips. . . Christianity is above, men, and yet it is with -them. It' steals into omen's-'- hearts whether they like it or 'not. * It steals into men s books, almost unconsciously. It steals into men's ' systems. Its going's' forth are often concealed— like the wind that bloweth where iMisteth, and it is only discovered by the quiver of the leaf, the swaying of bhe branch, and the roar of the tempest. It is high up (not of the earth, earthy), and it can not be stauied by earth's pollutions. It comes down to us like a shower of rain, and it goes away from us like an escalation, pure from 'the grossness of the soil that it blesses. And because it is so far away it cannot be reached by an adversary's weapon. Its disciples are here on the eartb', subject to persecutions and deaths. They can be si lenced ; they can bo bound ; thev may be1 tor tured and murdered,' like our Armenian brothers and sisters and their children in Turkey. But the Turk shall know by an ar gument, which even'he shall be made. to un derstand—that whatever he may do with the Armenians he cannot silence, or bind, or kill the genius of the gospel, and may he soon be prevented from murdering the disciples of the gospel! The voice of the gospel is born in heaven, but it echoes in ten thousand' hearts on earth, and to silence one of its witnesses is simply to divert an echo. The voice rolls on like the unceasing voice of ocean, whoss me lodious murmurs are heard on every shore.' It is 'in heaven,' accomplishing its work by no human, power. Of course its agents are human; 'its modes, of address and propaga tion are human'; 'but the Spirit that., con victs and persuades and renovates is not hu man. It is fromabove. - It is. in' bhe«g6s'pei a power that changes our nature. It is. no thing less than the power of God. ? ? Why did the Apostles' succeed? Because the Lord was 'working with them, confiim ing the word with signs following.' The men of Pentecost, with Peter at their head,' had received the message of the gospel from Christ, but that was not»enough. He com manded them to 'take' their mesajge to Jeru salem, and to wait— wait for the power that should -come down upon them, even 'the promise of the Father'— power of speech, power of conviction, power of persuasion, surpassing the force of' ordinary communica tion as mudi as' the finger 'of God surpasses the touch of man. And the preaching of to day has really no other help than that. Wo are precisely in the'same condition as were the disciples of- old with regard to human power. Preachers 'of tihe pre=eni- dav .may boast a superior education ; peruups the on ward spirit of 'the age has enabled' them to command a wider, a. more accurate range of natural phenomena. I think there is no doubt of this. 'There is no doubt that human nature itself is being 'more profoundly studied. and the history of mankind is almost a new re cord. It is true that the origin of the race is yet hidden from us, and the Holy Scriptures have been placed under the lens of a higher criticism, and seho'larshiri has labored, I believe reverently and ? honestly, to give us, if possible, a nibre perfect text. In. fact, a prea-cher of the present day goes forth better- equipped, so far as human pre paration; is concerned. But let the modern soldier of Christ go forth to the war armed to the teeth ; let there not be.ii rift in the joints of his armor ; let him draw his argu ments from v every source*, let him possess every art of persuasion known to eloquence, and then let him propose to himself the con version of a soul ; let him attempt to create in the spiriD of a man a heavenly mind ; let ?him try to open in tfhe percept-ion of .a1 man a new vision of' God, of duty, and of life ; and having begotten a n'ew ideal, let him try to lealise it -and convert a soul.- -He -may as well ' try to create a world ! 'The \ , modern jireacher is on blie same level, of * helplessness as were the disciples when- Christ 'said to them, 'Without Me,' separated from Me, 'ye can do nothing.' St. Paul describes the m-ight of his preaching as having first coma to him from above. He Sviys, 'The excel lency of the power is not of man, but of God*. , Our sufficiency, is of God, who also hath made us able ministers of the New Testament!'. ??? ?' ' ? i' ' I do not mean; to say (nobody would sus pect me of, thinking' for a moment) that. there must be an unchanging style of presentation, and that we must preach just as~Mr. Wesley didi and't-hose,whq;vent, befofeir'him. But it can only have one fountain of power. The preacher af the present day preaches to the people of the present day ; and the present character . of the congregation is determined by the teachers peculiar to the age in which w'e live, by the current literature, of the time, by the moral standard of commerce, the needs aiid conditions of the masses. Tihe preacher knows this, and he preaches accordingly. But though the style of the pulpit may change, the preacher's message changes not. 'Repentance towards God and faith in the Lord Jesus Christ,' that does not change. I will first put it in. this way. It must, be that every preacher, whatever his views of the New Testament, to whatever school of thought he belongs, desires to diminish crime; to , establish national and individual righteousness ; to purify and to strengthen bhe ties of family life. ?? Well, let him try to accomplish these results- by a new gospel, the gospel- of a human 'Christ, simply a human Christ, that is to say, the gospel of example, instead of the gospel of atonement whiah we preach! I find the simple human Christ everywhere ; in newspapers, in novels, in . treatises, as. well as in. sermons; but. 1 think you will agree _wibh me that the results of the proclamation of the new gospel are nofc encouraging. With all the splendid achievements which are placed to the credit of the latter half oi this century, in - science, in material advancement, in national educa tion, and in popular freedom, the morality of England .is not one .whife more, robust or in capable of bsing led astray than it was 50 years a-go. I believe that in delicacy of sen timent, and in the refinement -of taste which is measured- by and interpreted by the^produc tions of literature and by the adornments ol art, we are unquestionably inferior to the society of our grandfathers' day. The next feature is — 2\. Swiftness. I must be very brief here. The angel 'nies' over our heads. His path is in the , air. He is propelled by wings of angelic strength and buoyancy. In the struc ture of the gospel message there are the con ditions of elevation. Christianity is a sys tem, and it cannot be understood without careful study; but I maintain that the 'good tidings' of the gospel may be wrapped up in a nutshell. It pleased God to deliver me out of a horrible pit, a pit of miry clay in which there was no standing. An arm that was never shortened was put down, and lifted me up, and placed my feet- upon a- rock, and es tablished my goings. I saw another in the same pit, and I related to him the story of my salvation. I said that the same arm was willing to fetch him up;' and he hoped from my message';, he cried from the depth of his own unbelief and sin ; . and the arm that lifted me up raised .him, and we stood together on the same foundation, with 'a- new song in our mouths, even praise to our De liverer. I preached the gosjel to him. Anil this .was the way in which the gospel was preached in the olden time. 'Then .they that were scattered abroa-d wenc everywhere preaching the word' — not ' Apostles or Preachers; so called, bnt 'Believers,' scat tered believersj suffering believers. They said to all whom they met} 'Come, and I wiil tell you wiiat He has done for me !'' and in that way the dissemination of the gospel was rapid and glorious. A sad question meets, me just 'here, but I cannat answer it satisfactorily. The question is, Why at the end of two thousand years should the gospel be unknown to two-thirds of the human race? I cannot answer that question. .But I may just aay in the first place that, the circulation of the gospel has always been in - proportion to the fidelity of its believers. In the early days of Chris tianity the goapel was diffused by preaching,' and when preaching stopped the circulation of the gospel stopped also. Paul said in his day that the gospel bad been- preached to every creature under heaven. We must not interpret that too literally ; but he would hot have used that language unless the gospel had a' very wide diffusion. He himself was a swift agent. I think .of his travels with' won der, of the converts he made, the churches lie planted,, the pastors he ordained, the changes he initiated and accomplished in the public opinion of his time. And what a noble band of workers he left ! _ Before the close of the first or second century, Asia Minor was studded with churches, and both sidea of the. Mediterranean were in a. 'Maze of gospel light ! I never pass over that great sea and look on my right without mourning the absence of that -missionary zeal which would have flooded that African continent with churches! ? ' Just a word in conclusion. We are verv much indebted to the British and Foreign Bible Society for the swiftness' of the circu lation of the gospel. It has contributed more than all missionary societies put together to the rapid_ spread of the truth concerning it. The^ reading of the Scriptures prevails in India, in solitude, in families, in friendly circles, to an extent that is inconceivable to those who have no oppontunity of ascertain ing the facts for themselves. And that we owe to the Bible Society. I commend it to your liberal support. In swiftness, we have done more during the last 25 years than the previous 500 years in the circulation of the gospel of Jesus Christ., \- A florist relates that he was so bothered by ants that he-placed a meaty bone close by his seed boxes. The ants soon' covered the bone, which was tossed into a tub . of water. When the ants had been washed off, the florist placed the bone in the centre of a sheet of fly-paper, believing that the ants would get caught on the sticky fly-paper while trying to reach the food. But he was surprised to find that the ants, upon dis covering the nature of the paper trap, formed a working force and built a path on the paper clear of the bone. The material for the walk was sand, secured, from a little pile near by. For hours the ants worked, and when the path was completed thev made their way over its dry surface iu couples, as in a march, to the bone. ' 