GHOST WITH A PCHPGSEJ HOW A SPEOEKB CRIME. ; "A thrilling ghost story, ton-the yhich the writer vouches, is ghaen in.-the . "Gtenlfflewwnian" of .INiapember H. Aramb > fin® old country bouse;, which. fa»d lwn 'nuterenJted for several years, was .recently purchased by a gentleman; whose naase must not be divulged- It bekmjgsd to. a man of title, whoEad gone abroad on the 'sudden and mysterious death of his wife, a very beautiful "woman, -whom' he had Taken from the rants of professional sing ers. One old retainer—^ gardener — "was . allowed to stay on. ' Th-ia man, in showing the new tenant ewer the house, evinced a strong desire to- pass anedocc; fart, being obliged'to yield inrthe end, <EsdSceed a daintly furnished faracboir decorated "with fresh flowers. Ml was aa if the zoom were in ooeetarrt use. The old gardener begged with tears that it might mat be disturbed. It belonged to his late midimess, he said, whom he loved, and : since "her death it had been his consolation: to beep her room, as though she lived in it. The old man's prayer was granted. Hie room ienm:iuwl locked, and the tenant had almost forgotten its existence until one day he saw the gar • denier looking towards the boudoir window, holding his band to his oar as if listening. On being asked the reason he exclaimed:— "Ah, sir^ don't you hear her? Dooflt "you see her? My beautfaful nristness. To-day-is her deathda& and she is singing the song she sang this day four years ago, when . But Ksben." They approached the.window and -perceived a fair woman seated at the piano.- . They listened as her Vokae rose and MI sweetly, till suddenly it broke in. a ' shriek - of honror, and the apparition vanished. - At,-the same faflteitt they be came aware 'that another man" had been attracted to the spat and was watching with them—a man who .turned and fled as the gardener recognised him, crying, "It was you.. I was always sure it wais you. The deed claims yoat" The moor ran. headlong, chased by the gardener. The master followed in time to see the stranger stumble bKndly on the narrow bridge and fall irtto the swirling stream which bounds the park. He was unable to swim and nothing could move the gardener to rescue. "He murdered my mistress. "Why should ■I save Mm?"-he,repeated, till suddepfiy, raising his hands as to a visionj, he cried, "Ah, for. you, dear mistress,- I will try,' and threw hhnself into the stream. But it was too late, and he perished with the man who had been his former master. Hie verdict was "Accidentally drowned," with irto rider 'as to the Spirit World or retribu tion.' 