SY MRS C. PI. WILLIAMSON. Author o£ "His Grace,” "The Secret of 1 the Pearls,"“The House by the Loch," [ “Queen Sweetheart," “A Man from tha | Dark," “Fortune's Sport,” "The Netvs ' paper Girl,” Btc. •CHAPTER VI.—the man IN the BOAT. Tristram could sketch a little, and| •knew that he could produce something i ■on canvas which would at least disarm suspicion in the minds of those who! Gather for stolen peeps at the ■artist's work. He had inquired of the landlord where might be found the moBt ■picturesque view of the convent on the rook; but, apparently not satisfied with the Information obtained, lie set out to •walk round the lake. The sheet of water was rather more than a mile across from shore to shore, longer than It was broad, and the Sacred Island rose as nearly as possible }n the centre. As Tristram walked, he set his wits working to answer the one important question: How and where, if at all, wojild. U be practicable for a per son outside the convent to establish secret communication with another shut .up inside? At flrst the answer wns unsatisfactory and discouraging. The high walls that shut in a Barden space which on three sides surrounded the convent, could be sealed, no doubt, with a ladder. This part of the proceeding might be simple enough, for Tristram had brought to Ucux a rope ladder, with iron hooks at one end, by which means it could be i^alight and held In position, If skilfully flung over a high wall. The venture might be made at night, with little fear ■of raising alarm; but what could be ac complished by a man who had succeeded fn this manoeuvre,unless lie knew where to look for the object of his search? How could ho tell which of the many small, <3cep-set windows lighted the cell where Mary Desmond Blept? Until he was sure of that It would be useless to make such on attempt, and as It wa3 Improbable that he would be able to ascertain,. he must think of some other way of estab lishing communication. Ho did think of many ways, as lie tramped round the lake, and. among others, ho contemplated bribing some one in the employ of tradesmen privi leged to deliver supplies on the Sacred Island. But sucli an expedient seemed to him too risky, and only to be adopted as a last resort. The bourgeois and peasantry In this region were particular ly ardent Roman Catholics, looking up to the good nuns, it was s;Ud, with In tense admiration and respect. Even If a man consented to accept a bribe, allow ing the foreigner to go disguised to the Island in his stend. It would almost cer tainly be only for the purpose of betray ing him, that lie might be .detected on Sils arrival at the rock. Then, suspicion aroused, there would be little enough Chance of success In a future attempt. So arguing, Tristram walked on and Dn, his eyes never reinoved from the con vent, as he saw lt.frpm one point,of view after another. Suddenly he stopped, and the cloud on his face,lifted. On one side, visible for tlie first time, the rook feared Stself perpendicularly to a considerable height, and the grey old building, un .•walled at this one angle, overhung the water. Its three rows of narrow win dows looking down upon the lake. There Were nine of these windows, and as there were said to bo sixty-flve nuns in the convent, there was exactly ono chance out of that number that Mary Desmond's Window was of the nine If it were, and by rowing about the lake In a boat he should ever be fortu nate enough to attract her attention, she Would doubtless guess why he had come, and If she desired to escape, her woman’s wit would teach her how to let him Itnow. If she were contented, and really Wished to stay, she would also find a way of Informing him, and there would too nothing left for him to do, however heavy his heart might be, but to leave her to her fate When Tristram had made the circuit •t»f the lake, he returned to the Inn, with the beginning of a brightly-colored Bketch to show. Ho wanted to get nearer the convent, lie said, for detail (n his picture. Could he hire a boat in Which to row himself, and keep it by ithe day? The landlord had a boat which he was Willing to let to a stranger, If a deposit wero paid In advance, in case of acci dents, and Tristram agreed to the terms, haggling over them just enough not to ■Oecm too eager. It was late in the after noon by the time this arrangement was j made, and twilight would soon be fall ling, ns tho landlord oillclously remarked. Rut Tristram explained that his object in setting forth that evening was to Choose a convenient place for beginning work, next day. that rio time might be Wasted In the morning. He rowed as near as lie dared to the Saladd,'arid'when he arrived .under.the shadow of: the rocky wall overhanging the watqiyhe unshipped his oafs and let himself float. By.-.and-bye. a silvery ;peal,:aa oi! fairy bells, rang softly through the falling dusk, and Tristram knew that the Ofllce of Vespers must bo beginning; Eater, the poignant sweetness of womon'i) Voices mingling in a hymn of ' praise smote lilb ears, and stirred his pulse with the thought that Mary’s might bo among them. Once or twice ho fancied, that some thing white flitted across the dark screen of a window, pale and swift as a ghost, hut tho curtain of night, embroidered with stars, was unfolding over the lake, and thoro was no longer any certainty of vision. He had to row back to tlie i shore disappointed, yet pot discouraged; and, breakfasting at dawn, ho was again fti'hla boat while the water still gloomed With nil tho another o' pearl tints of sup Once more he nearci voices singiuta, uuv lie saw nothing save now and then a •flash or white behind the bars of a win dow, gone us quickly as sunlight on the pwoapipg wing of a gull. He had fixed his easel in the fiat-bot ifcoined clumsy boat now, und was making ..iq, pretence of painting which might de ceive any of the Sisters, save one. She wotild know, if she saw him there, for : too had ventured to draw near enough for recognition to be possible. He had brought put his luncheon also, which he ‘ • ostentatiously ate about noon, and then needduously took pp work again. All day 2oiig his nerves twanged like the strings • of a; violin that is out of tune; for, at any | < moment might’ ho not receive a signal from one of those dark, barred loop holes? : He did not give up hope tilt evening; fraud when the sky was pink and gold in the east.ne^t..dayl he was stolidly in hia [\yplftco agalq.;.: :/• . vJ^Tho easpt was Bo ijxed th#t he, could sit lAaolng the ebnvent ,wlndo;w?,.avd for eoeh r, P^the brush hfj ntfsc^Wa fi;c& The sun lit up the three lines of windows *,n e(x,P08tKl angle he had chosen, turning them to topazes set In the dark stone. Suddenly, the brilliancy was :,““ck out ln or>c, the furthest to the left of he lowest row of three. The sash had been thrown open, and a. white figure stood, clearly revealed against a dusky background.' For a. moment it remained, then melted from sight. Trls tram s heart leaped, l’or |t httd not moved deliberately nwny.but had swayed from aide to side, and then abruptly dtsap peered, as if foiling. * rlo Mary Desmond, the months of her novitiate had been tike years. Be. had entered the convent, she had looked forward to things which would happen next week, next month, next year. Now she did not look beyond the day. One more day to be got through: it was useless to think of others, for where all were alike, the fu ture must be as a book that has been At first she had waked up often,In tho darkness of her cell, fresh from some dream more real than realities were now, and she had forgotten the present. To remember suddenly was like a fall from Heaven to Hades, a horror unbear I able, not to be faced. But she had had to face it, and by-und-bye, the faint stir rings of hope that were part of youth— stirrings which had whispered vague, hints that changes must come, that something dim, yet sweet, must be waiting round the corner of to-morrow —had died into a dull silence. Whatever the monotony of exis tence herei ' there was little ' al lurement: for - the * unhappy.girl Jn the world.,.;jshe.had left. She had loved *a..mUn, and he had died for her. So miserable {was her failure, that she had scarcely known she.loved him until too late. Even such recollections os some women who have loved and lost might cherish were denied to her. The rose garden of her heart had been killed by the frost before it had ceased to bud. No one wanted,her, no one in the world. It was better that she stayed here, and prayed for him she had loved (there could be no wrong in that, since he was dead) anil for her sins: somehow the years would pass, and perhaps 'she would not live to be old. * The Convent of the Sacred Island was the oldest of the order in existence. When almost every religions house in Europe had been destroyed or disor ganised during the days of the French Devolution, and the’ Napoleonic wars which followed, the nuns of Saint Bber hard on the Sacred Island had been un molested. Their rules, as old ns the Crusaders, were <*ven more severe than those of the Barefoot Carmelites, or-She Bernardino - Benedictines. The regu lations which governed the lives of the novices were more exacting than those observed by the Sisters who had taken the final vows In most orders. Though no novice had ever-returned from the Sacred Island to the world > and told the story, : some myster ious whisper, like a wave of sound, had gone echoing far and wide its warning. Still there was never any lack of novices. For generations .the number of'high-bom women (for they were all high-born, save the few se'r vant-Sisters) in the convent had hot dropped below sixty or sixty-five. But Mary was the youngest novice who had come to the Island within the memory of th<? oldest living nun„ Though no widows were admitted to the fold, most of the sisters were weary and world worn before they.sought sanctuary on the rock. Yet Mary.’s youth gave her no abatement of the heavy price which every novice must pay. She slept In a cell scarcely larger than the wardrobe where She once had kept her pretty dressed; H3r new name was written on the door, as were the names of other novices, in that wing of thei convent which faced away from the village of Leux, and hung high over the lake. The novices were housed in this part of the building lest—being yet scarce so spiritually-minded as the old er Sisters—they should sec the dwelling places of wor Id lings, and thus be tempted sinfully to sigh for the life they had resigned. Their windows were barred, that should the Father of Dies put the desire for self-murder into their flagging hearts, they fniglit not be able to gratify it by a leap into the water, where the little crawling waves gnawed the rocks far below, like the white teeth of rats. Mary Was waked from her first sleep of weariness at one o’clock in the morn ing, when it was..her duty to.rfcud her breviary and chant matins till three. On. Fridays she wore a haircloth gar ment next to her skin under the white serge dress with flowing sleeves,peculiar to the Sisters of Saint Eberhard. On this day also,once in every three weeks, in turn with the other novices, she must perform the “Reparation,” a prayer for all the sins she committed on earth. For six hours she must remain upon her knees, or, if her strength gave way, lie upon her face with crossed arms on the cold floor of stone, before the Holy Sac i rament. When ■ sho had . taken her final vows, at,the end of her two years’ novitiate, she knew that this time of prayer would be Increased to twelve consecutive hours. Always one nun of the Order knelt, or lay, praying before the Sacrament, for that was the Per petual Adoration. Never once had the custom been broken since the convent was established. This was proved by the records, sacredly kept since the be lling could Mary call her own ven the white serge garment which vore by day, or the coarso cotton hat clothed her by night as she n her hard bed of straw, shivering • her one thin blanket, Everything n common and must he spoken or one cainc to the convent save the .s appointed by the Archbishop cv Diocese or the Archbishop, him ak event of rare occurrence. If a died her death was announced to L-lends through one of these priests, e’ she lived no news of her doings ted them. They wore to take it ranted' that she was content, but houghts were, no longer of them, ol Hbtvvcn. save hi the hours or ?r. When she died she. was burled he vaults under the convfent, for 1 privilege special permission had obtained by the. Order. ; ry Desmond’s pne pleasure was day. When it was discovered that sho possessed tt contralto voice of, (peat flexibility and beauty, tlirllllngly path otic, almost tragic In the yearning sad ness of certain notes, she was given solos to sing. The choir where she stood was shut on: from the body of the Church by a carved lattice of oak and thick drapery of purple curtains ten feet high. During sermon, when the priest preached In the chapel, though he was divided from them by the tains so thnt he could neither see their faces, nor they his, the puns.and nov ices lowered their long white vells No one ever ha-d .speech with him ot. sight of him save the Mother Superior, iyho hod once been Princess ol a semi- Royal k'scTono duy told another, with Mary Desmond, until at lost tflie lost epunt of their passing. She knew when Fri day came, because it was more trying than its, fellows, Shoeltnav/ when ' Sunday came, bcoause t fhe qua terete?-were thjfcn ollghtJy rni lighted, it. was perrnlttcd to spetdc, though j not offampoi'itl tilings unless imperative necessity arose. But she did not know to n. week dr a month whim it was that she had entered the convent to take the preliminary vows ot her novitiate. One Sunday morning, \vhon she had Ulna lost'.track of events, a sister novice whispered to her in parsing to their ceils from matins: “Kaye you seen tile hont which for two days—more It muy he, for all that 1 can tell-hoH been on tlie water under our windows, all day long from dawn till nightfall?” . “No," answered Mary/ listlessly, “I linve not seen it. From my room, in the lower story. J can scarcely see the water near to the rocks. But we are miking of forbidden tilings." “It only means a. nenunce," said Sister Anna Theresa,who was but two or three years pant twenty, and tlie young est novice next to Mary. “My window is ill the story above yours,, and T call see closer to the rocks tlian you. There is a man in tlie boat, a young man', who paints and looks up at our windows, paints and looks up again. No doubt It is a Sill to watch hill!, and if nny of the Sisters or our Mother knew that he looked at- the windows continually I can’t think"what they would do. They will lin’d out presently, and then we shall sec. At least lb will be an excite ment,Ho is a very handsome youngman, dark, with splendid bold features', that pile -sees like a cuineo; if lib turns''his profile for n. moment. He sits with his hat orf sometimes, and he has curly short hair, brown, with a little vein of gold running through it. had ills'eyes are big*, and dark.' Tt- is a ye'nV a’nd a half since T saw a mini bcfO’.v.’’ . ’. • ' .Mary had not-listened \vith- interest at first.' She knew notv that\slie had no vocation 'for' the convent, but she had chosen It and it must be made tlie best of; therefore, she was conscientiously trying, to spiritualise her mind. She went bravely through tlie daily aus terities. hoping that they were really of benefit to her soul, and she never wil fully disregarded a rule, so that she had not cared to encourage tlie other's idle chatter. But 'when Iter sister novice began drawing, tut best she knew how, a. word-portrait of the man who sat hi the boat, looking up at the grated win dows of the convent cells, her heart be gan to boat faster tliur. it had for many a long day. If floor go Tristram were not dead and In his grave the descrip tion might have served for him. She did not speak;, but a bright Ilame of color burnt suddenly on , the white rose pallor of her cheelcs. Tlie other saw it, "Come up to my window and look out," sliesaid. “If we liurry no one will know, for fit's not abig' enough sin to confess.” It was on Mary's lips, to -.say. that if she went she would make no secret of her going; but she remembered that to incriminate herself would he to Incrim inate her companion. “Thank you, but I won't-"she be gan, tuid then stopped abruptly, biting her lip. It seemed as If something with in her urged her to look at the. man in the boat and Would not be denied. Tristram was dead, but if this man was really like liim. even ever ,so lit tie like him, tt would be a memory to keep. "I will go to your window," she said, and tlie two white, slim ilgurcs of the youngest novices in the convent Pitted like hurrying ghosts through dim cor ridors, up the stone stairway, and to the door of the elder girl’s cell. They pushed tlie bed under the win dow and stood upon it, for this was necessary to see the lake., Then Mary’s face, pale, .beautiful, eager, and the other face, less lovelj’, but as eager, were pressed against the gratings of the'little window- After,thp 'first glanee the owner of the cell pioved away, Cor a look in Mary’s, eyes introduced her, with a swift,■half-jealous,' lialf- ecstatic pang, into, the m'ldst of aromanec. This was not tke first time, that Sister . Marie Magdalene had seen the dark, hand; some artist in tlie boat! And then, as if to make assurance doubly sure, SLs ter Mario Magdalene had given a cry and fallen brick in a dead faint. It was forbidden for the novices to visit one another in the cells, and if. tills act of disobedience were known the conse quences would be' serious even if the object of the visit were not discovered. Of course, it would: be very, wrong not to confess; but Sister Anna Theresa did not mean to confess, and she did not wish to J* found out, which would be worse. She, therefore, being stronger and larger than her friend,.took Sister Marie Magda lene up in her arms, and, panting, but determined, carried her away. By great good fortune, no one was in sight, for on Sundays the novices were allowed to re turn to their dormitory cells for an hour’s sleep, if they chose, after matins. Every one had apparently so chosen to-day, and Sister Anna Theresa deposited the slender little form of the younger novice (far lighter, far more slender oven than it had been three months ago) in the cell on the lower floor, with Sister Marie Magda lene’s name, on the door, and her motto “Adoremus in aeternum.”' There she left her on the hard, narrow bed, arid hastened bock to. her own quar ters. The man in the boat was doubly interesting how, for, he was hot a mere artist painting the cbnvcnt Into his. pictur'c-k-he was . a hero of romance — a romance which could only end . as si ■ tragedy. There was no doubt that ho had come to this lone ly place for :a' lost look' at an adored face. He had seen the face, even as his had, been seen by, the beloved eyes. What would he dp mow? Sister Anna Ther'cBa peered through the gratings with throbbing pulses. iMait' and bout were gone. • v . i Her heart sank under a weight of dis appointment, for she bad. not wanted the onb'excitement which had come in her way;in eighteen, .montlis.; .to end so abruptly, . She ,was thrilled by the magic of tlje romance, but her vivid enjoy ment of it was embittered -by the thought that it Was for another; not for iter. If only the handsome artist,.hod come haunting the lake' like a restless spirit for her sake, instead of Sister Marie .Magdalene’s! She would not have lost the .experience for anythbig, but the more her mind d,welt upon it, the more slip was inclined to wish that after all. she had not called hi, her sis ter novice. Tlie inan had' gone awayi and now' that b» had ’ accomplished his object,, seeing the face .of the iost one, it was probable that ho would not come again, fop, fear’ his' constant, presence might be observed!’- and" Sister Marie Magdalene, brought into disgrace witli the Mother, . .Sluter Anna Theresa had only, spoken to the younger girl because she was tlie latest comer into the con vent, and with her warm' young 'blood still unchilled by grey : years of seif repression, was more Jikely than any other to lend herself to a tempting irregularity. The older girl was.of a jealous dis position, and. she had left the world be cause she hud, been jilted for another woman by an indifferent lover who had coveted her money, until he found himself unable to enduro' her ‘suspic-. ious -temper. . During all her life as a young .woman In Ayatrinn,society, she had seen other girls, more beautiful, moro brilliant, preferred to herself by min' whom she' would • have been glad to attract, and the breaking of oolemp hotrothal hnd. beep the, last drop In . bbr gup of grievance against mankind. Her faithless lover had been married pit tho Very day she, had entered the,, convent. Shp often ;bitterly', reflected, ‘that, .he wo3-not, likely do.'wnnto many! thoughts : Iljign bijri inU.he taldst.'of illS .uow. h“P;: plm'HB; while, an for reptmtlng the step which had driven her to a nunnery, she believed that her-retirement had act ually beon a relief to ,hhn. Yet here was Sister Marie Magdalene with a lover who still adored her, and who Could not rest because of the lire which consumed his heart! How exquisitely romantic It was that he should have followed the girl he loved to her living grave, craving the one boon that could bo granted to him—a sight of her face. IIow exquisite, yet how the old, veno mous jealousy began to stir like a ser pent that had slept colled up through the winter cold, to wake with the first warmth of spring. As yet, there was no actively man sions purpose in Sister Anna Theresa’s mind, but she felt vaguely cheated and thwarted. It was nearly two years nlnec she had come to the convent on the rack and in a few more months she I would take the final vows. The chains of habit held her In a kind of false i contentment now (which was no more : than dull resignation), and she had no j conscious desire to go out again Into society’s market, where she had been humiliated by her failures. Even if she lind wished it. she knew well enough that It would be as difllcult ns to move the world by means of a lever, and she was not of the Strong, courageous nature to tilt against impossibilities In a wild hope of subduing'them. But she nevertheless grudged Mary Desmond (whom she only knew as Sister Marie Magdalene), tlie year,,. und . more Bhe would have of comparative freedom. And: never had she grudged, it so deeply as she had to-day.- : . "If I see-her:neglecting -hop prayers; and thinking too much of this man (for It will be that. • and nothing else that will disturb her mind),’’ soliloquised Sis ter Anna Theresa, 'it may be that. I shall have conscientious scruples ugalnst further concealment. Confess ion might then be an imperative duty, whatever punishment - for nly part In the transgression I should bring " upon myself.” When Mary awoke to consciousness again, lot- a moment all was blank. She thought that she had overslept, and was starting up in guilty haste, when, In a revealing flash, alio remembered every thing, and knew that Father Augustin had lied to her. George Tristram was not dead, and there had been deathless love, strong as the barriers that divided them, in the face that looked up to her from the water. Passionate revolt rose in her heart, like a storm over a sea that has lain becalmed, and beat with her blood. ‘‘They lied! They lied!" she uttered aloud, and the stone walls seemed to fling tlie words back at her mockingly. "IX they had not told me I had killed hint, I would never-have burled myself here. But it’B not too late yet. I haven’t taken the tlnal vows, and now— I never will.” She rose from her bed, feeling strong and brave, and nlmost happy. He was alive: he loved her. And their lives should not be spoilt for a lie. (To be continued.) 