THE SPIRITS IN PRISON. (By Basil Wilberforce, D.D., Canon of Westminster.) ?Preached in Westminister Aibibey Sunday, June 10, in connection witn the World's Temperance Congress. 'He went and1 preached to the spivit6 in prison.' —I. Peter iii., 19. iAnd 'as He is so are we in this world,' says St. John. Much ingenuity has been expended by the representatives ot certain phases of theological thought in the vain endeavor to explain this glorious incident away. When they succeed in arguing the sun out of the heavens they will succeed in eliminating 'from the hearts and hopes of men the glorious lesson of this incident. It is -direct, intelligible, historical, con clusive. It appeals to the best and deepest instincts of man's better nature, and, more over, it is God-inspired; and as such it is a revelation of the justice and mercy and tenderness .of the Universal Parent. There is nothing in fact or fiction that compares in wonder and in interest with the glorious unveiling o'f the unseen world, the picture o'f Almighty Love Incarnate entering the prison-'house of disembodied spirits, and there, surrounded by the ghosts of men and women drowned in the flood, proclaiming the charter of man's salvation and re stitution — 'I am He that liyeth and was dead, and 'behold, I am alive for ever more, and I have the keys of death and of Hades.' Now, the heart and life of this great solemn fact, this soulcom forting revelation of. the descent of the Christ into Hades is to certain extent dependent upon the clear recognition of the Incarnation in its double aspect, as a revelation of God to man, and the inter pretation o-f man to himself. In the first aspect Jesus was the inter preter of God, and, therefore, His actions are revelations of permanent attitud&s; of the mind of God. He was the Manifes to- of the moral character of !the Infinite Originator, and this not partially or imper fectly, 'but in completeness. So that when the Apostle declared, 'In Him, dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily,' it is as though he had said that all the nature of the universal soul that can be expressed to and received by men, all the sweet rea sonableness that there is in God has ut tered itself, embodied itself in the Divine Man. And now you know, if you are be lievers, tha'c the universal diffusion of the Divine Person in whom you live and move and have your being is not a formless force like electricity, or a boundless attraction like your idea of space, or a 'far-distant aw ful throne in the skies, but an all- inclusive Being, 'loving with an everlasting love, closer to Him than breathing, whose character is the character of Jesus — that the God whom tradition has taught you to praise and tremble -before is such a one as Jesus. When He says to us abso lutely, without limitation or reserve, 'He that hath seen Me ha'th seen the Father,' there is no metaphysical confu sion, no denial of the absolute purity of the Godhead, nor is there when on Trinity Sunday I pour forth my anthem of adora tion to Jesus as the Almighty, and say, 'Thou only art holy, Thou only art the Lord, Thou only, O Christ, with the Holy Ghost, art most high in the glory of God the Father. SLANDERS AGAINST GOD. Now, it seems to me that one and the first inevitable consequence of the revela tion of the moral character of the uni versal soul is the complete obliteration of the degrading phantom of the Al mighty torturer. The medieval doc trines of corrupt Latinism, the brilliant but lurid imagination of a Dante, are recognised in the light of the Jesus revelation of God as man-made slanders against the infinite Love and Reason, in whom we live and move and have our being. The terrible ordeal of the second death, to which in justice and mercy, self-degraded and impenitent natures must be doomed, as were those who sinned at the time of the Flood, is seen to be the beneficent Divine procedure whew/by illimitable. Love changes death in to life, where God unmakes that He may remake the soul, and Hades is seen to be the eternal process moving on — From state to state the spirit walks, And these are but the shattered stalks Or ruined- chrysalis of man. To accept the Jesus- revelation of God is to 'believe in the infinite resources and end less' changelessness o'f responsible love; it is to be convinced that there are no depths into which His love will not go in searching for His lost; it is to be convinced that The sun will pierce The thickest cloud earth ever stretched That after last returns the first, ' Though a vide compass, round' be fetched; What began best cannot end worst. Nor what God once blessed prove accurst'. And I aek you to acknowledge this trans cendent incident of the missionary descent of Christ into Hades recorded by St. Peter, endorsed with all the authority of inspira tion, the ' soul-living optimism of Browning, for it describes verily and literally, with an accuracy as to detail from which there is no escape, the Sun of Righteousness, the missionary activity of the universal soul piercing one of the thickest clouds earth ever stretched, that cloud of doubt, of mystery, of terror which hangs like a fune ral pall over the future and the infinite in the world beyond the grave. To those Who apprehend, so far as the human intelligence can apprehend, the ab solute identity of Jesus with the universal bouI, it represents the Infinite Originator, the Creator embodied in Jesus, releasing the souls of men undergoing the remedial discipline of the unseen world from the agonising sense of dereliction, from the acre long misery by revealing to them the truth which alone can save the soul in the midst of the tangled problems by which it is sur rounded here, namely, the essential and un alterable :and irrevocable inseverability of God and man. THE IMMANENCE OF GOD. But I have a lesson that I desire to draw from it. In this descent into Hades we see one of the greatest secrets and responsibili ties of our several moral natures. Jesus as the specimen ..of the race, was the interpreter of man to himself. Man is. as great a mystery as God— -he is go complex, such an amalgam of apparently contradictory elements, that the , hardest command that may be given to man is, 'Know thyself.' Imagination and percep tion and memory and conscience and will and inspiration perplex and baffle us; we want to know what we are and whence^we come. God has told us out of heaveii it self, what we are in the majestic disclosures of the Incarnation. Jesus in this aspect is God's .picture lesson o'f His ideal of our common human nature; Jesus is the objec tive manifestation of tha't subjective divine sanity which is the attribute and posses sion of humanity as a whole. Jesus was the climax of that utterance of -the Creat ing Spirit which is immanent in the uni verse and incarnate jn man. Jesus was the embodiment of the supreme dominant force o£ the universe of the power that animates t'he atom and controls the planet. 'By Him,' says St. Paul to the Collosians, 'all things subsist' — that is, hold together. What electricity is to matter that the im manence of the Word is to the universe. Earth being solid, this weieht of bbdv and limib, are they not sign and symbol of thy division from Him? The ear of man cannot hear, and the eye of man cannot see, but if we could see and1 hear this vision, were it not Thee? The soul of the universe expressed in all visible things finds ite highest expres sion on this planet in man, and of that ex pression the pure and sacred manhood of Jesus is the one perfect manifestation. But, now, mark -tihe lesson I desire to draw — the' inference of tike allin clusive power imtnanent in the uni verse, embodied in perfection in Jesus, for the purposes of observation, transcends personality; it is the possession, of the race, and God's full Christ is not one man, but the multitudinous race of man in Him. THE HIDDEN LIFE. Now, I ask you if that ie not the meaning of the saying that your life is hid with Christ in God. And .here lies the un changeableness of obeying that voice within you. To recognise that your higher life, as Marcus Aurelius said, is a god in exile, or, more truly, a spark of God's life em bodied, is to discover an animating force, capable of moving your life into a nobler attitude. 'If any man have not the spirit ot Christ he is none of us,' and the spirit of Chriet is the spirit of manly uprightness, conscientious citizen ship, of honest trade, of personal purity, and above all it is the spirit of brotherliness, and the spirit of rescue. We have seen the activity of the spirit of rescue exercised on behalf of lost souls in Hades, giving the lie to the blas phemy of Thomas Aquinas, who taught us that the blessed were to be rejoiced with a full sight of the punishment of the dead. But if we have the spirit of Christ we must remember that there are damned in this world as well as in the next; we must not wait to rescue until we get to the other side. There are spirits in prison on this side of the grave m-aiting for a Christ to descend into tiheir 'Hades. And whatChrist? The Christ in you, the hope of glory, the spirit of the Christ who was the enthusiast of humanity, t'he lover of the people, the friend of the poor, the comforter of the weary and the heavy laden — 'Ye are ohe body of Christ and members in particular.' I have no svmpathy with those 'halfhyste rical fancies which would perpetuate the stupid anachronism of 'transporting in imagination the God-inhabited Galilean of twenty centuries ago into a London draw ing-room to- day, and then asking, What would Jesus d'o? T'he question for a congregation' like this is not, What would Jesus do ? It is. What does the in dwelling Spirit of the Divine Sonsh'ip which was manifested in Jesus bid me to -do to day while I have time? It bids me to re alise that the Spirit of Christ overflows the boundaries of individualism. It convinces me that 'the race is an organic whole, in which each must do for all what he alone does best. It assures me that the dignity and power of one whose life is hid with the Christ of God consists in his identification in heart and method with Christ; that when He willingly entered into t'he awful prison of disobedient spirits that He might plumb the depths of their misery, He sug gested that there are levels in human de gradation a't which rescue ^eeomes impos sible unless the rescuer will descend to t'he very denths of Hades to seek and save the lost. HAT1F.S IN I.nNDOV. And I venture to say that the im agination of 'man is incapable of conceiv ing anything in Hades more foul than the drink-cursed slums of any densely populated English town. You read some modern books — ' 'Liza of Lambeth,' 'Number- 5, John-street,' 'The Child of the Jago' — and you think what you read there is exaggerated. We are bound to tell you that they, do not dare unfold half the truth. ' From this very pulpit the Dean ; of Canterbury described such a Hades within a stone's throw ? of the western door . of this abbey. He said — 'It is a Dantean hell of brutality and squalor, of which the very air reeks with abominations, and while threats and blows resound in the curse-laden au\ tne emiaren — raggea, miserame, h'alf-sitarvad children, the children who will grow; 'up to recruit the ranks of the felon and the harlot— huddle together in mute terrpr.' You will understand why I say this to-day. My subject is not of my own choosing. 1 am speaking on behalf of the National Temperance League and in connection with the World's Temperance Congress now being held in London. 1 am perfectly well aware of the unpopu larity of the subjeet,and I amalso amsolute ly indifferent to that unpopularity. I know it is a marked characteristic of an age of luxury to resent plain-speaking about a no torious sin; but men in earnest have no time to waste in sewing fig- leaves over the naked truth. (St. Paul was a man in ear nest; he sewed no fig- leaves for the naked truth, he never glossed over with the pen cil o'f euphemism vices which weTe eating out the hearts of his convert?- his plain, unvarnished assault on deadly sins, which 'he enumerates under the 'heading of the works of the flesh, breathes the atmosphere of refreshing candor and encourages all Christia.- ministers to clear themselves trom. the imputation of luke-warmness. When so-called Christian society is asham ed o'f sin it will be time enough for Chris tian 'ministers to ibe ashamed to speak of sin from their pulpits, and to-day I. am commissioned to speak of sin — of foul, treacherous, fascinating sin; a sin which is the parent of impurity, infidelity, suffer ing, suicide, murder; of sin that knows no distinction (between rich and poor, men arid women, learned and ignorant; 6T sin that stamps its cursed label, like the brand of Gain, upon the besotted features of snen and women made in the image of God, ad vertising them before their fellow-men, saying, 'See, (here are ibeings in whom is tfhe kingdom of heaven — who are predestined to be conformed to the image of Christ— and it is written all over tlieir faces that their god is their bellyl' OUR NATIONAL SHAME. I do not propose to worry you with sta tistics of our national shame; they have been collected in ghastly and overwhelming array again -and again. The most recent, and in some respects, perhaps, the. most notable contribution, is in Messrs. Ij&wntree; and Sherwood's worE, which is called 'The Temperance Problem and Social Reform,' which has come out in a new and enlarged edition. They prove beyond a shadow o'f doubt that misery, brutality, and crime are prevailing to an alarming extent. A judge of the Divorco Court, that standing witness of the in albility of birth, education, and refinement to remedy the evils of the human heart, once declared that nine out 'of every tea cases on which he had to adjudicate owed their origin to strong drin'k. The police, whose activity in the detection of crime is quiet naturally in proportion to the urgency df their orders from headquarters,' could tell you, if they chose, of accursed dens of infamy, where boys and girls of tender years are initiated into the very mysteries of Baal and Ashtaroth. Their young hearts -seared as with a hot iron, they ara dra'wn irresistibly into the vortex of debasement and ruin to swell the ranks o'f the criminal, harlot, and pauper. The columns of the daily papers, the con stant utterance of judges, ministers, coro ners, superintendents of lunatic asylums, and workhouses, accumulate evidence that the most direct stimulus to crime, lunacy, and pauperism is strong drink. Drink, says the 'Times' in a leading article, baffles us, confounds us, shames us, mocks us afc every point. It outwits alike .the doctor, the man of business, the patriot, and tha legislator. When every other institution flounders in hopeless difficulties the public house holds its triumphant course. There is not a vice' or a disease or a disorder or a calamity of any kind that has not its frequent rise in . the public-house. It de grades, ruins, and brutalises a large frac tion of the British people, and the most terrible proof of the extent to which this fiendish epidemic is infecting the main springs of our national life is to be found in the appalling fact that according to the Registrar-General's report, the deaths directly attributable to alcohol have in the last 40 years increased amongst women 100 per- cent. THE GREATEST POLITICAL MENACE. Now that the impeachment' against England's national intemperance has been proved, it is natural to turn to the Govern ment of the country in the expectation that immediate measures will be taken to alle viate 'this monstrous evil. Why do we turn in vain? The reason is obvious. We will have no fig-leaves oVer the naked truth. The greatest political menace of our .day is the gigantic power of the wealthy monopoly of the ti-lade in intoxicating liquors. Every Government _ trembles before it. Lord Rosebery said thalt a time was approach ing when, if the SteJte did not conltrol tihe liquor traffic, tihe liquor traffic would con trol t'he Staite. His prophecy is in process o'f being fulfilled under you. very eyes. Many of us well recollect blow a great poli tical leader — the greatest perhaps, of our cen'bury — when out of office denounced tihe greaJt licensed liquor traffic of the na tion as producing tihe 'combined evils of wa.r, peabilence, and famine. He declared the main object of the conscientious legis ?klbqr should be ? to make it easy for the people to do right and difficult for them to do wrong; and when tihe eloquent ut- - terer of these magnificent trud'sms was en tihusiastfcidally placed in power, partly upon tihe very reputation of such enlightened sentiments, what did we see? In four yeians twenlty-six Bills aimed at intemper ance were wrecked by obstruction, by indif ference, by balking in tfhe House of Com mons. Nwv, I venture to say that tihe hope oil the future from, the point of view of legis lation lies in tihe growing power of tihi= deimiocnacy. I shall not live to see it, and I think very few of you wiill live to see it, but it will come. Some day the scales will drop frfom the eyes of the enfnandhiised masses; some day the enlightened work; ing classes will wake to the fact that the immense pulblic - house sys tem of this country, giving vast sums to the ,revenue from 'tihe (bit ter poverty and grinding pauperism o£ the people, is a most terrible injury against their class, and then the present ? elaborate system of society - petted and government - sanctioned and revenue - pro ducing temptation is doomed. In spite of the hundreds of millions' invested in England's curse, in epite of the diffusion of this ourse by tihe joint stock company expedient, when once the working classes are face tto face with their enemy, when looking at the accumulation of evils press ing upon them, pointing to the shivering children driven on tJhe streets familiarised . with obscenity and blasphemy from their infamy, they turn upon the liquor traffic rolling in wealth and say, 'This is your work,' the tornado that will burst upon it will assuredly reform it off the face of the earth. THE RESPONSIBILITY OF CHRISTIANS. But, meanwhile — yes, meanwhile, that is what I have to do with to-night— upon whom do you imagine rests the deepest re; sponsibility for the present state of things? I have not the slightest hesitation in re plying that it rests upon those who profess and call 'themselves Christians, if they understand the meaning of the word Chris tian, whose lack of energy, zeal, and wis dom,and courage, has perraitted,without re monstrance, conditions of which the public house trade is the natural and the logical outcome. I do not for a moment say that the man of the highest religious thought has a monopoly of the responsibility for the souls of those who are perishing from strong drink. Drunkenness is everyone's responsibility, of course; it impoverishes the people, increases taxation, limits the producing power of the nation. It is, therefore, a question for the- statesman, even if he be an Atheist. It deteriorates the race, renders life less worth living by increasing its sorrows, multiplying its perils, aggravating its evils; it is, therefore, a queston for the philanthropist, whether he be a Mussulman, or a Buddhist, or a Jew. But drunkenness bars the channels of grace between the soul of the man and the life-giving Spirit of God; it defiles the temple of the Holy Ghost. 'I tell you,' says St. Paul, 'that they Who do such things shall not inherit the Kingdom ol God.' It is, therefore, pre-eminently a question for those whose standpoint of faith is the higher Christianity,, who, believe that God and man are elementarily insepar able, that salvation is not the mockery of escaping hell by a subterfuge, but the evo lution of character from the germ of the Kingdom of Heaven within, and who are convinced that it is the whole creation, and not a few favored and selec ted specimens, that shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption. WHAT INDIVIDUALS CAN DO. Now, that I may be practical and defi nite, what can we do? Well, I would say first, let us in God's name clear our minds from cant. Let us stop our ears to the plausible sophistries of those who would soothe us into inaction 'by saying that this evil is .exaggerated— there is no language known to man that can even express it, much less exaggerate it, and -who assure m we can leave 'the issue to the gradual in fluence of education, of increasing know ledge and Refinement. Education, know ledge, refinement. They were not wanting to Charles Lamb, the poet and essayist, the friend of Wordsworth amd Coleridge; they only added to the bitterness of his pathetic wail, 'From what have I fallen if the child that I remember was indeed myself.' They are not wanting to many victims of the prevailing curse amongst the higher ranks of English society whose degradation and misery are concealed from public know ledge by their position in life. Secondly, believing that the peril of souls is of more importance than the interest of any particular trade, we can become, and we ought to become more aggressive. We can constantly keep the question before the notice of magistrates, landowners, and the public. At times of elections, whether municipal or Parliamentary, we can show by our votes that we are in earnest, and that our party feeling is subordinate to national morality. We can refuse, if we arc iu a position to do so, or use our little influence to persuade others to refuse, to lease a single acre of ground for building purposes 'without a stringent covenant to exclude public-houses. When a certain company of grocers decided suddenly last year to apply for grocers' licenses for all their multitude of houses, and so to in crease immeasurably the curse of secret drinking amongst a certain olass, the Ec clesiastical Commissioners absolutely re fused to allow a single license to be taken for any house on the whole of their vast property. Doubtless there will be pecuniary loss, but the moral gain will be indescrib able. Of course, if you become aggressive you will be freely accused of want of charity; you will be 'told you are crusading against those who are often God-fearing andphil- anthropic, against those who build cathe drals and dwellings for the working-classes and support the Church in all her works It may to some sound fanatical, but I say that the cathedrals had better crumble to the ground than be rebuilt with money reeking with, the blood of the widow and the orphan, and that but for the vast accumulation of wealth gained by supplying temptation at an inordinate profit, the working classes would be able to build their own houses without any grandmotherly assis tance. But let it be understood that we have no quarrel with individuals. The worthiness of the individual is wholly outside the question of the destructiveness of tha trade. General Joubert was, I believe, an exceedingly worthy individual, but his oc cupation was hostile to British interest; and we did our very best to kill him Finally, we can choose — I lay it on nobody as a duty— we can if we choose, in the face of ,the present distress, banish from our own use that which, though perhaps it hag never been and could never be a danger to ourselves, is brutalising, ruining, pauper ising, maddening thousands of our brethren in humanity. The simple, quiet self-denial of personal total abstainers is within the power of all, and I could over whelm you with examples which have come under my experience in the last thirty years of the strengthening, reforming power in every kind of society of t!he silent withers of total abstainers on the part of those who never made a platform speech in their lives, and who could not sustain for five minutes an argument as to the path ology of intemperance. I am convinced that the marked change of opinion amongst cler gymen, doctors, lawyers, . and statesmen in the last 30 years is to be attributed more to the influence of the thousands of abstainers than to the arguments and statistic? of re formers. Obviously you have got both the right and the power to use intoxicating drink if you please. David had both the right and the power to drink that water won for him from the well at Bethlehem; but it had been secured at the cost of blood, and he poured it on the sand. Jesus had both the right and the power to turn stones into bread in the wilderness. Had He done so He would have forfeited His identification with His brethren in humanity by availing Himself of a method of sustenance beyond their reach. He had both tihe right and the power to deaden the pains of crucifixion by the use of the ano dyne of alcohol and mandragora offered to Him. He used His liberty in refusing, that He might have fellowship with humanity in their sufferings. I have the right and the power to ex tend to myself the indulgence of using in toxicating drink; no man dare to say me nay, but if I do so I cannot place myself by identification by the side of my fallen brother Whose only chance of cure lies in uncompromising abstinence. If I would take him by the hand, bid him exalt him self and crucify the flesh, it is well that I should unfetter my heart and cleanse my hands 'by first bearing myself the cross that I am asking him to take up. I do not care one feather weight whether or not there is logic in this, I know there is love. Love is above logic and love saves the world. There was little logic and much love in the self renunciation of Calvary. And there is a voice still asking down the ages, thrilling the very air around us — 'Whom shall I send and who will go for me?' It is the voice of Jod immanent in humanity; it is the voice of Him who descended into Hades on Ihis work of- rescue. You remember Whittier's words: — Still Thy love, O Christ arisen, Longs to reach these souIb in prison. Through all the depths of sin and loss Sinks the plummet of Thy cross. Never yet abyss was found Peeper than the cross would sound. But in this dispensation, wtoem we are sent into the world for a little while to make it a little better; to wipe away some tears, at least, from some faces, tihe blessed ascended Lord can only reaoh 'these souls in prison through the agency of men and women who possess His spirit; who are .themselves prepared to descend into hell if He wishes it, tc- seek and' save the ; . lost. And I ask whether some heart here will enter into the lists of love and will give Him back tihe answer, 'Lord, here am I, send me.' 