smtKT STORY- The Marbles Tripped the Lady, i i. J 'Hullo! What do I see? Two boys groping in the mud—playing marbles in the roadP Not my boys, surely? Not j tfter the lecture I read them yesterday f upon the danger—to pedestrians—of street i marble playing ? And yet!—No! . . . | Tes! I feel positive they are a couple of I «y scholars. Daniel Shawley and Harry Tuft!—and so absorbed in the game that they are unconscious of my near proxmity. ' Now, what's to be done ?' queried the master of the Voluntary School. ' Inclination bids me walk the other way, seeing nothing; but duty says 'Catch the delinquents red-handed.' Dear, dear! Such i simple-minded game as marbles is! But I have warned the boys against it. I have written it down a capital offence, a public danger, and ' Mr. Raplingham sighed deeply. It was a pastime in which he himself—half a century back—had excelled mightily. It was a pastime—hush ! never let the Voluntary School boys get wind of it—in which Mr. Raplingham, aged sixty, stern, unbending schrolmaster, still indulged, in the privacy of his study. 'Such a fascinating game!' repeated Mr. Raplingham, as he strode away to the execution of his duty. ' And fifty years ago I was the veriest culprit. Still' —he straightened his scholarly back and stiffened his drooping shoulders—'since I have ordered the game to be numbered irith the crimes I must collar the criminals.' It was at an exciting moment that Mr. Raplingham strode to the execution of his daty. Dan Shawley had won so per sistently that Harry Tuft was fingering his last marble. With the greatest care -and a moderate amount of luck—the loser realised that he might yet regain the cherished store of marbles that jingled in Dan's pocket, and in the boy's face was mirrored all the concentrated judgment he was bringing into play over this final iho Knuckles to ground, marble poked finger and thumb, little Tuft gazed anxiously ind nervously at the two marbles that, lying at an easy angle and distance from each other, might well b« worn in one shot. Mr. Raplingham's eyes took in the rituation at a glance as he came up, unnoticed. His lips parted as if to speak, but after remaining in that attitude for a minute they automatically closed again. The interest in the game had seized him. His eyes were devouring the situation greedily. Suddenly he spoke. ' Lower!' he said, in a voice of tense excitement. 'Knuckles lower, boy. Tou will never hit it if yau cock your fingers up like that.' The schoolmaster's voice struck the astonished boys like a swish from a birch. With one accord they sprang to their feet. But the movement did not detract from Mr. Raplingham's interest in the game. In fact, to the boys' unlimited amazement, that gentleman had dropped upon one knee and, picking up the marble that had fallen from young Tuft's paralysed hand, fingered it with the easy confidence of the «pert. 'Watch me, boy!" he said. 'Knuckles down like that. Marble easy, so; thumb strong, but not rigid. Hit the first marble yonder slightly on the 6ide, so as to cannon neatly into the second like— that !* 'Bravo!' Dan Shawley's ovation swung the schoolmaster back to his sixty years of age. In the privacy of his study where, with the marbles confiscated during lessons, the schoolmaster was wont to talk and laugh to himself while he played with an imaginary opponent, there wae never any tpplause. Mr. Raplingham stood upright, conscious of the indignity of the prooeeding. Then he became aware of an approaching vehicle (the Battleys' victoria) and hot Hood suffused his cheeks. If the Battleys (Major Battley, the Chief Constable, was a manager of the Voluntary School) had Men him on one knee playing marbles in the road with ! He walked rapidly onward, conscious that the Battleys' viotoria had pulled up ia the vicinity of his degradation. Had they seen him ? and had they pulled up to question those boys upon the singular spectacle of a schoolmaster kneeling to play marbles with his scholars at the roadside? 'If so, I oan never outlive the disgrace!' sighed the bewildered man. ' I shall be obliged to leave the school and, in some far-away town, to seek a livelihood at the age of sixty!' II. Hajor Battley was choleric with rage as, next day he hurried into the schoolroom. 'I've said it before, sir, but without jjjfoct. I now repeat it, and look to you, Mr. Raplingham, to put the order into execution. Marble playing in the public thoroughfare must cease at once!' exclaimed the Chief Constable. 'I will see to it, Major Battley,' softly sponded the schoolmaster, 'i'he major surveyed the assembled scholars from beneath contracted brows. 'I wonder if he spotted us ?' whispered Harry Tuft to his neighbour. |No!' replied Dan Shawley. ' Old chuckled Tuft. 'Shut up!' said Dan. Raplingham daren't give us away/ 'Old Rap's shivoring in his shoes, ^oesn't he look miserable. I say, Dan, ' Shut up!' And Dan gave his friend an e ribs. 'h'j simply disgraceful,' continued the major, ' that a lady cannot step from her carriage in. the public road without tripping over marbles left about by a set of young scallywags.' 'I trust the lady was not injured,' said Mr. Raplingham, who would have given a month's salary to know whether his participation in the game of marbles was suspected by the major, 'Nothing beyond bruises,' testily replied the Chief Constable, c but ladies j don't like tumbling about in the road, and this is the third complaint I've received from ladies who have slipped and fallen over these young monkeys' playthings. This time the victim was one of my own family The lady was getting out of the carriage to pick a bunch of berries at the roadside! she gathered a bunch of bruises instead.' He glared across at the shivering |boy, and added: ' I'd give the young rips who left the marbless on the footpath a cool licking if I could lay hands on them. But the little cowards ran away when they saw the mischief they had done, and they haven't the courage to own up now.' The schoolmaster released a broath of glad relief. The boys had run away; therefore it was probable that his own share in the game was unsuspected. He glanced at Dan Shawley. Would he confess? ' I'll birch the first boy the police catch marble playing in the public highway!' declared the Chief Constable and strutted out of school. Mr. Raplingham watched him, and the ghost of i» smile illumined his thin lips and sparkled faintly through his glasses— the smile of danger averted. He was so absorbed that he did not see Dan Shawley slip out through a back classroom, from which he hastened down a back thoroughfare thet slid gently down into the High Street. Then he stopped and gazed anxiously in all directions. But the major was not in sight. • He can't have got out of sight if he came this way,' commented Dan, 'yet he isn't in sight anyway; therefore he didn't come this road; therefore he went across the fields, which is the only other way.' Euclid had not been dunned into Dan Shawley's head for nothing. He turned on his his heel and retracing his steps, dashed past the s«hool and gained the fields. Half a mile distant the major was quietly pursuing his way towards the Battleys' residence, the smoke from a cigar leaving the trail of a miniature express train. Dan hopped across the stile and started in pursuit. The country was fiat as a pancake and well-nigh naked of vegetation. In the distance clustered a few weather-beaten, partly dismantled hayricks. The footpath passed the ricks; the major followed the winding footpath; Dan Shawley struck a bee-line across the sodden fields, hoping to intercept the major near the cluster. Thus it came about that Dan saw the man concealed behind the largest of the hayricks, while the major remained ignorant of the fellow's presence. More than that, Dan saw that thy fellow in hiding held a rifle, and, more suggestive still, was taking an occasional sight at the Chief Constable's approaching figure, using a corner of the rick that sheltered him from view as a gun rest. Dan's heart began to bump at the discovery. 1 he man's motive was obviously to shoot Major Battley as soon as that gallant officer should present a good enough target. Dan's mouth opened to omit a ywl of warning; but it snapped to again without emitting the yelL Theu it was that Dan, who could run, began to do it; and as he ran, his eyes, wild-looking and feverish, twitched to and fro in the lines of sight that respectively covered the chief constable and his waiting assailant. Twice within the next two minutes Major Battley stood still, obviously hesitating between continuing his present route and returning to the town, and on each occasion the man behind tho hayrick took careful aim, while Dan Shawley's throat filled with a ready shout of warning. But the major continued his way, and Dan gained distance at each moment of indecision. The ground was soft after the autumn floods; but for that the man, intent upon his victim, must have heard the flying steps. Yet he didn't; and to Dan it was just a question whether the major would pass the hayrick—and get shot—before he himself could get within touch of the shooter. The first of the cluster of hayricks shut the major from the boy's eyes. Dan shovelled on the coal of determination until his voice broke in such resounding sobs that only the intensely absorbing nature of the deed he was about to commit could have prevented them from reaching the desperado's ears. But the latter was peering intently round the rick, and his ears were only for the major's firm footsteps on the gravel footway. Suddenly, between the ricks, the major caught a glimpse of the flying schoolboy, and marvelling, stood still. That was the desperado's opportunity. Twenty yards or so separated the shooter and the man to be Bhot. The desperado ran his eye along the sightless barrel. ' Now, my gallant major!' he muttered, ' I've got yer ! Last year you got me six months' hard for poachin'—with violence. That was your day; this is ' The man with the gun felt something at his ankles, and with thoughts of a stray dog, kicked backward with a vigorous foot. Then he tried to turn round and attack his adversary from the front; but Dan Shawley dragged the second ankle so vigorously from under the man's tavly that the latter fell faoe forward to the ground with the helpless thwack of a man taken unawares. ' Crack!' cried the rifle, for the fellow's hand had been ready on the trigger. HI. ! ' If you please, sir, it was me who was playing marbles in the road when Mrs. Mrs. Battly fell over yesterday afternoon.' Major Battley, who had followed Dan at the first glance of his fleeting figure through the hayricks, and come up to him in time to see the boy's plucky assault upon the poacher (who, self-shot through the arm, never attempted to rise) stared at the diminutive lad fer a whole minute before he broke into a loud peal of laughter. ' What's that got to do with this villain who was evidently waiting to shoot me as I passed ?' he asked. ' You're a queer little chap.' * I saw you in school this morning, sir.' • And I remember that I saw you. If you were the boy I was asking for, why didn't you speak up and admit your guilt?' ' Because ' Dan's eyes sought the ground, then wandered up the hayrick and down again. ' Because I didn't want to—then, sir.' ' But why not ?'• persisted the major, possessing himself of the gun and estimating his prisoner's wound with the coolness of a man who had seen some rough service. ' Why not ?' ' I—I'd rather not tell you, sir.' ' A secret ?' ' If it is, nobody asked me to keep it,' asserted Dan.' ' Then you won't tell me.' ' I'd rather not, sir.' ' But see how curious you leave me!' 'I'd take it as a favour, sir, if you wouldn't ask me,' added Dan. ' Well,' said the major,' you stand convicted of having thrown a lady on her face through your carelessness in rolling marbles about the public thoroughfares, but on my honour I can't scold you foi it, seeing what you've just done for me.' And the major allowed the matter to drop, but later on, when the poacher had been secured in the town hospital, and the major was turning over the events of the day, he received a note from Mr. Raplingham, confessing his share in the game of marbles that had ended so awkwardly for Mrs. Battley. And the Chief Constable understood. 'Plucky little kid,* he exclaimed; 'he wouldn't give his schoolmaster away. I must see that youngster again. He saved my life. If the incident had happened in front of the enemy he would have got the V.C. He ought to be a soldier.' To Mr. Raplingham the major wrote: ' Thanks for your explanation. Let the incident drop. I saw nothing—I shall say nothing. I suffer from a boyish weakness myself—top-spinning on the quiet.' 