(ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES# REVERBERATIONS. IHy HUGH KALYPTUS.l In the old stories told us in our young days about rats, that particular rodent was almost invariably presented in rather a re-7 speetable light, as we were wont, in tho innocence of our childish hearts, to admire the bearer of the bubonic plague, then un known-as a filial, intelligent, and induso', trious example, like the ant. Were we not' told about the two. rats who used to take a blind comrade out for a walk, and shout a feed of flour out of somebody's kitchen, because lie wns not able to steal-I.mean forage-for himself? Have we forgotten the clever rats who smuggled eggs away out of; a hen's nest by making one of their party, lie on his back and cuddflle it up while the others dragged him home by the tail- Ha tale vouched for by Mary Jane, who implicitly, believed it, and made us children do so, likewise? Hare we forgotten the rat who. got tipsy on wine left in a cup, and was taken in custody by bis family till he got sober? -What about the aged, toothless rat fed by its mates oa soft tack? Those were before the days of Dr. Ramsay Smith, and' other scientists, who have brought serious charges against this tender-hearted, con scientious, industrious, shrewd rodent of a very damaging character. In the books I used to read when I was six or-seven the moral sentiment expressed by the rat, the precision and eloquence of his moral reflections, and the manner in which he' oi' his wife instilled wisdom into the.minds of the family compelled admiration. I have never heard better advice given at a Mutual Admiration Society meeting than that fur"; wished by a father or mother rat' through the medium of the books put into our hands. Anyhow, the rat knows enough to come out of'the rain, or a sinking ship, and he is unselfish enough to leave the life buoys behind for the crew. Now, the rat has an adiled 'honour, inte rest, and distinction, He is a propagator of the plague, and men and money arc used in the endeavour to make htad vigwiinst him; but I'm thinking that the rait will "get there all the sa- mc." Tlicv may tar ropes, put funnels on 'hawsers, sool th« small uoy and the ratcatcher 011 to him, but the rat knows his way .about, ami will stow away, and prowl according to his wont. On the subject of kills, 1 remember a' remark made by a satirical paper respecting the fihakspearian actor Waller Hentley. It said that he appeared in the character o£ Hamlet, but the performance was incom plete, as he should have worn kilts on ac count of his Scotch accent. It will be a' great mistake if cur Highland Regi ment does not keep the bag pipes "considerably in the rear out of earshot, otherwise they will never get to close quarters with the Boers. The bagpipe# should always be sent round to the rear of the enemy, who would then be will ing and even auxious to die on the bayonets of (he Highlander*. The difference between the Scotcnmen at home and those in South. Africa is that the former wore kilts and the hitter were "kilt" or most of them, poor fellows. The Greek brigands in pictures wear a kind of kilt-are thf.v Caledonian'.-? Tliey are certainly "stern and wild." There is nothing like taking time by fiio forelock. 1 note that some shrewd land' speculator are already advertising a Syndi-1 catc for'acquiring land in South Africa. I will take Pretoria at half a crown an acre.' If I could sell my own. house, I would not1' mind buying Kruger's cheap. It would do' very well with a little whitewashing and fumigating. This idea reminds me of the French the night before the Ba'ttle of Agin eourt-they spent the evening throwing dice for the British prisoners uhI their va.»soms. On ihe subject of rats, .Jerome K.Jerome, the author of that interestingly erratii: hook". "Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fel low," tells a different tale. He says, "Poop rats! They seem to exist so that cats and' dogs may gain credit for killing- them, anil chemists make a fortune by inventing spei cisilitifis in poison for their destruction. Andj< yet there is-a fascination about them. Theral. is a weirdnestf~a!i(J un(r4uniness attaching t<£( them. They are so *cufmittgr-fi0-strangj_6gl. terrible in their numbers, so cruel, so secret They swarm in deserted houses, where the broken casements hang rotting to the crum bling walls, and the doors swing creak'-;;;' cn their rusty hinges. They know the. ing ship, and leave her, no one know.? j.o-.w or whither. They whisper to each other it their hiding-places, how a doom will failj upon the hall and a great, name die forgot- ; ten. They do fearful deed's in ghastly char-< - nel-houses. No talc of horror is complete without the rats. In stories of ghosts and 1 murderers they scamper through the echo-"! ing rooms, and the "gnawing of their teeth: ' is neard in the wainscot, and their gleaming j eyesipeer thvough the holes in the wonn-eateur; tapestry, and tliev scream in shrill, un»i earthly notes in the dead of night, while ' the moaning wind sweeps sobbing round1: the ruined turret towers, and passes waikjj ing like a woman through the chambers? bare and tenant-less. And dying prisoners}*! lin their loathsome dungeons, see, thnougtoij the (horrid gloom, tiheir small red eyes, like' glittering coals; hear, in death-like silence^ the rush of their daw-like feet, and start np shrieking in the darkness, and wailch. through the awful night." .Probably the two mo^t abused thorough** fares 1 wfcween the city and the seaside are the Glenelg and the Port roads. They are both pioneers, and out of reverence for. their faithful servicc and old associations, the Government ought to touch them up a. bit, and cover the scars and abrasions oir: years of honest toil with road metal. 1'' must say that the Port-road thus perked up a bit, and there in' less risk now of a cart oa- horsn disappearing in o)he numerous holes tilled' up with fine floury dust, such as formerly^ distinguished -tin.- main artery from MmK iholia to Fair Adelaide. I rarely run tho bike up thd Port-road, because, as Yum, Yum would say, "burying alive is such a? stuffy death," There is an alleged bi-, cycle track on the northern side, but it' is studded! with loose road metal from tlu;j symmetrical heaps stacked alongside it' by the stoweforeakei's, and the main road is preferable, especially if you have A, liver of doubtful utility-and it wants- stoking' up. The Crlcnelg-road- would make a bald*' headed old colonist search for a single hair to tear out by file roots, it i? so, well;1 so, jso. Well, it is indescribable, except by aj j man with a profuse vocabulary an'd a fore? J castle training. These roads fh&ve; nevei; j had any crown, or if they ever had, it hap j been worn down to the depths of degrfa ; dation, You -will find better roadS 2Qffi. mite up North than the tovo main j "tracks'' from the two watering - placM j wiUkin cannon Shot of the town., Th^gi say tlhe road to Hades Is paved with goQO' intentions. _ I think the road to G-lenelff is paved with lurid ejaculations and broken promises. In one of the outlying districts of a: rolo'ny which shall be nameless lives a Jus tice oif the Peace whose strong business in Etihcts dominate liia other a'ttributes. Suc cessful in his avocation as a purveyor of meat lie retired, and from his Magisterial seat dispensed even- handed justice. On one occasion, two Chinese appeared before to settle a litftle trouble over a dead roostel\ end the Solomon an judgment delivered himself thus:-"You have admitted killing complainant'? fowl, for -which you are fined £1; the price of the fowl is 4s., which makes £1 4s.; the costs of the hearing are 15s., which makes £119s.; and you owe me 7b. 6d. for beef, which makes £2 6s. Gd., or, in default, three months' imprisonment." Chatting with a brother Justice a few days afterwards, tbe ex-butcher said-"I wasn't quite sure whether the amount was 5s. 6d. or 7s. 6d. or lis. 6d., and to tell the truth I'm not sure that it was the same China man, but it looked like him, and he paid the money." The following clever parody on Rudyaj'd Kipling was written by a Bristol gentleman >to a friend who was going to the front Vour letter was a facer; all the ladies are in tears, But wlien you've settled matters in the South, M'jl) yon kindly send a nugget or a sparkler from Dc Beers To a gentleman wlio's living liand to mouth? He's an absent-minded beggar, and forgets to drop a line, lint, Billy, you must take liim as 3'ou find liitn. £nd if you send a trifie from a goid or diamond mine You will put poor Johnnie's troubles all behind him. Chorus Small if em, large som, big- as a lump of coal, Koh-i-nor, or acid drop (I leave it, Bill, to you). Think of the bard -with tattered pants, munching a lialf-penn.v roll. - And send some dust for your credit's sake, Do! Do! Do! 