Du$) ft I ! 6HI-0HEE. A STORY OF THE RISING IN CHINA. (From the London "Illustrated Mail.") "Chi-Chee heartee breakee." "I saw you take It, you false-swearing rogue!" "Chi-Chee never robbee people he lovee," replied the Chinaman, with a smile which threatened to sever his pig tail. "Give me the money, or 1 11 KnocK your head off!" Ehouted his master, threateningly. "Killee, lilllee, killee Chi-Chee; please killee Chi-Chee. But I never take the money!" screamed the yellow man in piteous accents, falling on his face upon the floor of the kitchen. Mr Clisson made a gesture of mingled amusement and disgust, and went away, leaving Chi-Chee still kneeling upon the floor waiting for his death-blow. When the yellow man looked up he scrambled to his feet with a very dejected air, and looked round him. Satisfied that no one was. watching him, he took off his left shoe and pulled three silver coins out of the toe, smiling in a deprecating sort of way as he did so. The next moment a pair of strong arms seized him round the neck, fairly squeez ing the breath out of his wind-pipe. He fell in a heap upon the floor and looked up at Mr Clisson in abject terror. But the next moment his presence of mind re turned to him. "Foundee money, .Mr Clisson," said he, with one of his most ostentatious smiles. "Get up, you son of a dog," replied his master, giving him a nudge with his foot. "You can take the money as your wages, and go." Go! Chi-Chee go! Leave a place where he could steal more than he was paid? The idea was more than discon certing; it had every horror in it. Chi- Chee had something which Is rare among his people — a temper. True, his use for it was limited and unprofes sional; he could not strike nor use abu sive language In his passions, they were too inward. The only indication! of his temper was that he dropped his pigeon- English and yapped eloquently in his native tongue. "Son of the Stars, send not thy vile scum of a servant away from this thy Celestial abode of peace and joy!" he jab bered. "Make me thy door-mat, wipe up the dust of the earth with my unholy and contemptible carcase. But send me not beyond thy threshold. There Is no peace for me where thou art not." "You go! I've had enough and to spare 01 your inievmg nay a, mil l viimuu ic- plied, in the best Chinese he could com mand. "O Warmth of the Sun," murmured Chi-Chee, "thou canst not send me from thee. Let me live under the sole of thy exquisite hoots; let me curse my grand parents in the name of thy perfect lady, let dogs uproot the bodies of my father and mother, if I do not love thee more than the Empress-Queen." "That's enough! Do your cursing and body-snatching outside, if it's all the same to you." "Look how I adore those Sparks of Fire, thy children!" persisted Chi-Chee. "I cannot live beyond the verandah of thy house. This vile scum will die, rot, and be dissipated to the four winds, if you turn him away." "Go on," said Mr Clisson, getting the yellow man between -himself and the door, and attempting to hustle him out of the apartment. Chi-Chee fixed a startled gaze at some imaginary object out In the open space at the back of the house, and while Mr Clis son was looking-out of the window to dis cover what the object might be, Chi-Chee picked up two spoons off the table and slipped them into his pocket. This piece of strategy accomplished he sank his head upon his chest, and, dragging his feet wearHy after him, slunk out of the house. Mr Clisson watched him pass down the road until he arrived at an opium-den, which he entered hurriedly. "Mr Clisson." He looked in the opposite direction, and saw a young Englishman coming towards him. "Hullo, Brook! Where did you spring from?" "Nowhere in particular; but every where in general, as far as I can judge. I've been to practically every European In Tientsin this morning, and was coming to see you. The Boxerf are up." "They generally are," Mr Clisson re plied, smilipg. "If they are not doing one thing, they are planning something else." "But I'm afraid it's serious this time. They've been on an organised , march now for some time, and nobody seems to have had any knowledge of the fact. There is no possible doubt that they have the moral support of Pekin, ana It only requires a little fighting between them and the Europeans to put the army in their van." "Upon what are they marching?" "Tientsin, for one objective. And there is little chance of moving out in any di rection than to Pekin, and " "That's as dangerous as remaining here, of course. Very sudden uprising, isn't it?" "No. You see the movement has been in plan some time, but every step had been kept dark by the authorities as far as pos sible. It is not until now, when they are practically at our doors, that we are of ficially warned." "Then the danger is imminent?" Mr Brook nodded. "An ugly feature is that the forts at Taku have been heavily garrisoned within the last few days," he said. "That means that Pekin intends to resist any European force which may attempt to move to the relief of Tientsin, and also to support the movement." "We can do nothing, I suppose." "Nothing but wait events, and clean any firearms you may have. If you have any more than you can use, you can pass them to those who are short. They'll be wanted, I reckon. I'll look round again if I hear of anything fresh." Mr Brook went on his way, and Mr Clisson went into the house, and, seeking his young wife, told her by degrees of the uanger tnat tnreatenea. The day wore on, and night began to descend. Rumors were travelling over Tientsin apace. Some one had heard the sound of distant firing; someone else had caught sight of a great glare reflected in the darkening sky. Someone had come into the town with news of the bombard ment of Taku forts by the Fleets of Europe. Everyone had a rumor of his own. which no or.c else credited. There was no mistaking, however, that an evil wind was springing up; the truth was to be seen in the face of every yellow man who met a European; a look of low, crafty exultation lit up every yel low face, apd the teeth that showed be hind the grey lips, parted in smiles, seem ed to flash a threat. The very air seemed heavy with the sense of impending danger, as if the slightest incident might set the heavens a-flre. Not many of the two hundred odd Europeans were to be seen in the streets ; the majority preferred to re main Ind.oors, lest the look of fear which they could not keep from their faces should add fear to the troubled hearts of others, and fan the spirit of revolt which was only too apparent in the natives of the town. The night came down, dark, threaten ing, and sullen. The hush which crept over Tientsin seemed the stillness that precedes a mighty crash of thunder. The town was waiting, wondering from which direction the first sign of danger would come. Mr Clisson got up from the table at which he had been sitting, vainly trying to write, and went to the door. Little parties of whispering natives lounged in the shadows. A deathly stillness hung over everything. His attention was presently attracted to a group of four tall natives, lolling in the shadow of his house; and as. he recognised one of the figures it stepped towards him, and grinned as only Chl- Chee knew how to grin. "What are you doing here?" Mr Clisson inquired, the ghost of a suspicion In his mind. "The evil "day has come to this vile dog uecaube yuu acnc mm uuui juu, replied, in his own tongue. "What evil day?" "When this contemptible and low-horn offspring of a wild dog must see his friends and masters, the choice fruit of the earth, whose breath is like the sweet ness of flowers, cut down before his very eyes." "You think so, Chi- Chee?" "Lord of the Earth and King of the heart of the most noble lady that ever breathed of life, listen," said Chi-Chee. "Take me back into thy service, and I will gladly give my life to serve and save thee, should the evil hour arrive. I have been talking with some noble brothers, who will help you. Master of my con temptible body and will, take us, I pray thee, into thy house, and let us lose our lives in serving thee." "I am afraid I cannot accept quite so much responsibility," replied Mr Clisson, with a scornful smile. "Is that Chi?" said a voice over his shoulder. He turned, and gave a warn ing glance to his wife. Chi-Chee grinned more broadly . than ever at the beautiful young woman. . "Bloom of the lilies, beseech the mas ter to take back again this vile worm, that I may help to serve you when the danger comes," said the yellow man. "Trust a native as you would-a viper," whispered Mr Clisson to hia wife in French. "Chi is good at heart, I believe, " she replied. "Such faith is suicidal at such a time as this, if acted upon," he returned. "No, I'll not take you in. My fellow- countrymen are coming in their thou sands to protect us, and to clear off the face of the earth such things as you, if harm comes to us." "I think you're unjust to Iiim," Mrs Clisson said. "What's that?" The crack of a rifle sounded in the distance, in the direction of the open country. It was immediately repeated, and the repetition was taken up sharply , by dozens of other rifles. Chi-Chee's grin faded, away, and With a sign to his three friends, who stood silently by, he dashed into the house, with them closely following him. Mr Clisson caught him round the waist and sought to oppose his- passage. But It was in vain. The four natives swept into the house and closed the en trance door behind them, locking and barring it hastily. Mr Clisson rushed into the front room, and picked up one of three revolvers from the table. "Stop!" cried his wife. "Don't you see that they are here to protect us ? Their very presence in this house con demns them in the Boxers' eyes ; and this is the sacrifice- they are making for us." Mr Clisson paused to tlie logic. But in a moment he saw further than she did. "Yes, but if they do their worst with us before the Boxers arrive, they will have nothing to fear." "Light of the Sun," cried Chi-Chee, "we are your watch- dogs." Mr Clisson looked at his wife uneasily. The possible danger within his house seemed to him worse than the probable danger from without; but it was irre movable now. To turn these men out in the street , again was more than he could do, if they had ill-intentions; and if they had not, then, for the hope of life and honor, let them stay! But he had little faith In Chinese loyalty and heroism. Meantime, the firing seemed to be go ing round to a point of the outskirts of the town further away; but it had slack- 3 ii. tYionlfoet eiieu, a.nu it a a i/cj. the fighting force was a considerable one. After a time the four men threw themselves upon the floor close together, and made pretence to sleep. Presently Mrs Clisson crept out of the room, with a warning glance at her hus band, who made an attempt to resume his writing. A second or two later Chi-Chee woke, and crept out of the room. Mr Clis son followed him down the passage into the kitchen. "Chi-Chee malcee cookee food," said the Chinese, with his inevitable smile. Mr Clisson watched him distrustfully for some time, but, being "Satisfied with the way Chi-Chee went about his occu pation, he sought his wife. She was upstairs dressing the two fair-haired children. "We must get to the Consulate some how," he said. "We ought to have gone straight there. We cannot hope to hold out here if attacked, much less if, as I suspect, these heathens have evil de signs." "Very well." she replied quietly. "I shall be ready in ten minutes." "As you come into the room, pick up one of the revolvers," he said. "And do not hesitate to use it, if occasion arises." He went downstairs again. Chi-Chee was still busy in the kitchen, and the other three were still asleep upon the floor, Just as he had left them. Mr Clisson pushed one of the revolvers to a corner of the table, where his wife could pick it up as she entered the room, without attracting attention. Soon she came down, and with the revolver hidden in the folds of her skirt, she sank into a chair, and smiled bravely at her husband, who was occupying himself In tying up a few papers and putting them into his pocket. When lie had done this, he called Chi- Chee, who came Into the room smiling craftily. "We are going to the British Consu late," said Mr Clisson, whereat the three slumherers awoke, and listened atten tively. "If you care to come with your menus, A cau ijhjiihsb juu ijnji.eci.iun from the Boxers; if not, you can remain here." "You must not go away," replied Chi- Chee, at which the three Chinese wriggled into sitting postures. "Why not? We shall be safe there until our countrymen arrive." "The dog-faced infidel who calls Chi- Chee a thief shall not see safety," re turned Chi-Chee. The three Chinese scrambled to their feet, and stood watching Mr Clisson, who picked up a revolver in each hand. "Clarice," he said, turning, pale but calm, to his wife, "fetch the children, will you?" He followed her to the door, and stood, with his back to it, to prevent her being followed. Chi-Chee made a step towards him, at which he raised his revolver, and unhesitatingly pulled the trigger. It clicked ominously, and the yellow faces grinned. Mr Clisson understood instantly why Chi-Chee had drawn him out of the room; that the others should extract the cartridges from the revolvers. Clisson clenched his teeth, and took the revolvers by the barrels to use them as life-preservers. He struck Chi-Chee, who rushed at him, on the jaw and laid him low. Another rushed at him, and reeled to the floor, groaning, with a crack in his skull. The other two were waiting to disentangle knives from their belts; and then they rushed at him with the fury of wild beasts. Clisson sprang aside, and, as he did so, aimed a heavy blow at the Chinese nearer him, but the blow glanced off the fellow's head, merely tearing the cartil age of his ear, which only maddened him. By this time Chi-Chee had recovered himself, and Clisson had three desperate savages to face, and he was hampered by the presence of his wife, who ran screaming into the room. "Seize her," said one of the men to Chi-Chee, and the ex-servant at once acted upon the advice. Beating offt .with the revolver in his left hand, the blows aimed at him, Clisw son succeeded in backing towards Chi-' Chee, and by an adroit movement, felled1 , him to the floor. But at that same moment one of his antagonists wounded him in the left arm, rendering it use-, less. Mrs Clisson, freed of CJii-Chee, picked up the lamp and flung it with consider able force into the face of the Chinese who was just in the act of getting hia knife between her husband's ribs; and' the next moment, with clothing aflame, he had sprung through the window, and gone howling down the street. The lightly-constructed house was also in flames in a moment, and the re maining yel!ow-face, paled to sickly white, had fled after his flaming brother: "Look out!" cried Mr Clisson, as Chi Chee staggered to his fc-et at her side. "Get out of the house and make for the Consulate! I'll see to the children. Ter rified by the flames, she rushed into -he passage, but she could not consider the instinct of self-preservation while she could hear her babies crying upstairs. The Clissons' was one of the few- houses in Tientsin built with two floors, and in circumstances like the present the top story was nothing but a death trap, for the flames followed her as she flew upstairs, and by the time she had hugged the children to her bosom and returned to the little landing, her sight could not penetrate the flames and smoke rising up from the staircase. But she went bravely down, a child under, each arm, resting upon her liips. At the third step from the bottom, tfco sinirs crave wav under her. But Mr Ciisson was there to catch her; and ha dragged her out into the . fresh air. v.- he re Mr Brook and two Europeans were standing calling to know if they could be of any assistance. "Yes; lake them to the Consulate for the love of Heaven!" cried Clisson, scorched and faint. "I'll follow in a moment." They took lier awtv, and got her to the Consulate in safe.y, with, her two children. Clisson dashed back into the flaming house, and fought his way into the sit ting-room. "Chi-Chee!" he cried, "where are you?" "O Light of the Sun, I'm here," re plied a weak voice, in Chinese. "O, take mercy on me, and help me away!" Clisson stooped down and clutched at the figure at his feet. He caught, hold of the smouldering clothes of tho Chinese, and dragged him out into the passage. He stumbled towards the, door, but at the threshold, weak, faint, bleed ing, stifled, and choking, he sank upon his knees, and as he fell Chi-Chee, pressed'' a long knife into his master's side, up to the hilt, muttering a blessing as he did so. And the next instant the charred re mains of the little, house fell down upon the two of them! casting a cloud of sparks up into the black night sky. 