wa ys ok juiviTsra. ?NEWSPAPEB FRAUDS, UNLIMITED* 'The fraudulent advertisement is a hardy perennial, as difficult to kill as a healthy ghost or a false tradition,' re marked a magistrate's clerk to, the writer not long since. ' There is no ' rooting it oit, and whilst the vigilance of the police and of newspaper men is cutting.it down in one airection, it is beginning to nourish in another.' He spoke pessimistically — as perhaps, considering the dreary nature of his duties, was natural enough ! but few will dispnte the justice of his next observa tion. ? The only practicable way of checking the evil, apart from prosecutions,' he said, 'is by repeated exposure in the press, thus enabling at least the newspaper reading portion of the public to judge for themselves what paragraphs are probably or possibly swindles,' After complimenting the ' Saturday Journal ' on certain exposures of this kind which have from time to time ap peared in its columns, the official pro ceeded to detail such instances of adver tising frauds as had come under his notice. From among these I select a few of the most ingenious and and impudent for in clusion here, before passing on to relate the history of a gigantic conspiracy of the same nature. Marvels of value i Must be I cleared! SEWING-MACHINES for sale at a BIDICULOUS FIGURE ! No toy or Brummagem goods, but a real well-made Sewing Machine, guaranteed to ! stitch smoothly and well. Price only 2s. Bd., by post 8s. Ail machines returned as defective will be promptly exchanged free of charge. This offer, emanating from a large hard ware centre in the Midlands, met with a liberal response. Those whom it induced to part with their money realised that the 'ridiculous figure' was their own, when they received in exchange — an ordinary sewiog-needle.' No TesB audacious was the following : — SMOKT CHIMNEYS ! Smoky Chimneys! Why suffer in health and temper from this intolerable nuisance when a remedy can' be cheaply obtained^ We Trill forward our patent TUBULAR SMOKE-GUIDE to any address on receipt of 3s. 6d. in stamps. Never fails to act. Warranted for two years. The 'smoke-guide' which applicants ob tained proved to be a common briar pipe. (rMiiinA and AiinnABfifii) instannAR of swindles of this type might be multiplied, but they all present practically the Bamo general features— a carefully vague offer, and entire reliance on the gullibility of the public. A more curious illustration of tbe latter characteristic was afforded by this as tounding offer in a country weekly news paper. Only the names have been altered: — WINSTANTON Town Hall. — On Saturday evening next, at 6 o'clock precisely. PROFESSOR MARCESI, the renowned levitator and equilibrist; will 1 give his world-famous performance, in the course of. which he will mount to the roof, unaided, by successive leaps in the air. This feat, unequalled among the acrobats oi rne universe, aepenue lur iwj kuwusb upon the Professor's secsot and exclusive discovery of a method of demagnetisation from the power of gravity. Admission, by ticket only, 5s., 2s. 6d., Is. A reduction for families and parties. Tickets may be ob tained half-price if purchased before Friday next, from Professor Marcesi, 14, Lyons Street. In its concluding sentence lay the real reason for the insertion. The Professor, having secured considerable patronage on half-price terms, vanished from hi6 lodg ings(whether by levitationor other means) in the Bmall hours of the Friday morning, with the money of the too-confiding readers whom his preposterous advertise ment had deceived. Lest country readers should resent the seeming slight upon their intelligence implied by the above, let me interpose j with a hoax no less successfully par- 1 petrated on Londoners some twelve months ago. 1 One of the mushroom weoklies that I spring up from time to time in the j Metropolis, to grace a remote corner or the bookstalls for a few weeks and then vanish, inserted a curious and fraudulent notice in a conspicuous corner of each issue LS.LA, Authors, journalists and . others desirous of obtaining this diploma should apply to the Secretary, etc. The fact that 'this diploma1 is unknown to fame, did not prevent many persona — the present writer among them — from ask? ing how it; could be obtained. Here is the reply to applicants : — 4 Society of London Authors. * Ds&a; Sm, — In reply to your enquiry, the Committee of this Society are prepared to grant their Literate diploma to a limited number of persons who can fur nish satisfactory proofs ot their connection with the London Press. ' If you desire the distinction, and will forward with your application a copy of any article, story, poem, etc., you may have contributed to a magazine or other publication issued in' London, I shall be glad to place your name before the Com mittee. If the contribution i? unsigned, a written statement of your authorship is essential * I need hardly pointout the advantages accruing to a member of the literary pro fession from his association with this Society. 1 Yours faithfully, \- W ? H ? . ?P.S. — A Registration Fee of two guineas should accompany your applica tion. It will be returned in the event of your proving unsuccessful.' The careless reference in tho postscript is delightful ♦, it is as though the question of the fee had almost escaped Mr. W— ? — H ? 's attention altogether. Apart from tho obviously intentional copying in ttie Society's title, of that well-known body the Sosiety of Authors, tho tenor of the whole letter is not exactly calculated to inspire confidence. It is, in fact, a clever appeal to tho weakness of not o. few persons for the luxury of a string of letters after their names. Those — and they weremany— who parted with their two guineas, did not receive even the worthless diploma their vauity coveted. For the Society of London Authors, its miesion— that of 'raising the wind4— being accomplished, quietly and unostentatiously subsided. Other instances must be omitted as the space is insufficient for tho deings of other concerns. Tho Duke of Parma has a larger family than any prince in Europe, By his first wife, a princess of Bourbon Sicily, he had nine children, all of whom survive except the oldest, the late Princess of Bulgaria. By his second wife, who was a princess of Braganza, he has nine more children, his youngest being only a year old. 