Sportinq Gossip. By "THE SPECIAL COMMISSIONER." LAST WEEK'S RACING. Is Model Really Reliable? A Sensational Race. After all, none of the "back up or forfeit " horses started for the Geelong Cup. and my selection, Model, duly lauded the dollars. " Young James " Wilson had Lee Metford very well, and raauy people think tbe sou of Carbine would bav,-? won but for ricking his back during the race. Perhaps fbey are right, hut It must not be forgotten that Lee Metford has more than ouce In tho past suffered defeat through shirking the finish, after looking ail over a winner. It is the fashion to eait Model unreliable, bur for (he life of me I cannot see where this comes iu. If a mare that lias won three Cups in as many months is ' unreliable." tben all I can say is that I would like a stable lull of such "unreliable1?." Surge, oil the other hand, has earned the character of being an in-and-out performer— one of his former owners NARROWLY ESCAPED BEING " RUBBED OUT '' through his vagaries. But of late the brown colding has almost redeemed his repuia\on. aud no exception could be taken to his showing In tbe Geelong Handicap. Many people— including the riders of Surge aud Bay Rose— thought Surge just got home ThiNflrst time, but the judge gave it a uend heat. How ever. there was no doubt about the matter in the run off. for Surge never gave the mare a ghost of a chance, and won easily by a dozen lengths. Last week I declared that Surge was never hotter In liis life, and was not surprised to see him make a bold hid for the Anniversary Handicap at Caul- field. for which event lie had io put up n 51 h penalty. With very few ex ceptions. t he horses comprising the field wore of the " back up or forfeit" description, hut Carbinier, like Surge, has been nnfnajg consistently of late, and. uieely ridden by Cosgrove. he put in a determined run the ia«t furlong, and defeated Surge a length and a half. Disfigured was a very stroug or der with the Flemington people, who said the old mare was ju great heart : and the gradually diminishing army of Tnbilk supporters, cheered by the re flection that the heavy going would fa vor their horse, who also had the ser vices of a strouger rider than usually has charge of the steeriog gear, once more piacea men trust in the Mai- vollo colt. Neither, however, threat ened dr.ngor the last hundred yards, though Disfigured was pulliug double at the turn, aud Tabilk looked like win ning easily half way down the straight. Tabilk ultimately finished a moderate third, hut. as usual, he put very little heart iuto his final efforts. Peeress has been showiug signs of soreness lately, aud. I11 consequence, her trainer did very little fast work with the mare the week previous to the race, whirl) accounts for her indiffer ent display. Peeress" dam. Precedence, ran her host races when she was very sore, and little notice need be taken of the bay marc's cramped action. Any how. she moved with much more free dom yesterday morning, and Harris will probably decide to keep her up to the collar in future, instead of treat ing her with undue leniency. The performance of Progression in l>eating Neptune at a difference of Sib was certainly nothing to brag about, but T fancy the Koakaribb Trial Stakes wiuner is tbe makings of A REALLY GOOD RACEHORSE. Ho has all the attributes of one- shape. quality, breeding, and splendid actlou. Progression was got by Pil grim's Progress (Imp.) from Sheet Anchor's sister. Claudlne. Mr. Field showed excellent iudguieot in seoding Claudine over to Victoria to be mated with the son of Isouomy, for the blood should "nick" admirably. Claudlne is the dam of Claude, a horse raced by M. CartDody a few years ago. Claude was a fair performer, and would hare been n better had he not been troubled with bad feet. The last thcc at Caulfield on Satur day was rather a sensational affair. At the distance post Eugene appeared to have Carrara settled, when, instead of keeping a straight course, he bored out, taking Neva (who was putting In good work at the time) with him. Of course, Eugene lost ground through this de viation. but oven tben most people thought he had just got borne. The judge's decision, however, was in fa vor of Carrara, but. strange to say, both Mr. Woods and tbe timekeeper, wfib occupied the box witb him, de clared that Carrara was I THE HORSE WHICH FINISHED NEAREST TO THE JUDGE'S BOX. This being a palpable mistake on tbe part of tup Judge and timekeeper— for there was not the slightest doubt that Carrara finished on or near the rails, witli Eugefie between him and the judge's box— several occupants of the members' stand questioned the deci sion. cue gentleman offering to bet Mr. Woods £100 to £2 that he was wrong in saying Carrara finished on tbe out side. At one time things were very lively, and the lodging of two com plaints on tho score of foul or careless riding kept the stewards busy. From where I stood— agalust tbe rail6 about 50 vards front the wiunlnir nost— 1 thought Eugene had won. but notic ing how he was running out. was by no RTcaus certain on the point. In fact, so wide apart were the two horses when they reached the post tbat only the judge could tell which had scored. Still, It was a remarkable thing th&t; Air. Woods should mistake the positions of the two horses. If he Intended to award the race to tbe bay or brown nearest to the box. then Eugene should have got the race. Time after time last season it was noticed tuat the American jockeys in England COULD NOT PREVENT THEIR MOUNTS FROM SWERVING when finishing. This is only to be ex pected when a rider lays out on a horse's neck with a short hold of the reins. He simply has little or no' con- trol over tbe horse's movements. This fact profitably weighed with the V.A. T.C. stewards wben th&y; dismissed the complaint laid by the rider of Neva against M'Kam&ra.; Eugene's jockey. The last-named has adopted the Tod Sloan seat, and there Is no doubt that, by boring out, Eugene seriously Inter fered with Neva. All things consid ered, the backers of Carrara were . lucky, for had Eugene kept a straight line, Carrara would hate se cured tbffxl place only. 