THE WIZARD OF WHITE mm. L*fepjrIgfaU] ' ' a WEIRO STORY OF THE OlSeOVERY OF gr»E flC&T;«auaN top&v; jpiEiosr v AN AtJSTEAliUN NOVEL. i»Y CAPTAIN. iACI£. '' j ? ? . -PART VIII, - ' It was not long after Hie arrival of the party 'front ,Dojan Station that James Forbes and his coibpapion took their departure from the cottage. ?You'll not forget, Ronfvrhat I asked you to promise toe,* the manager whispered to the girl as he was sboufto mount his iiqrse. ' I'll not forget,' she answered. A few moments later Forbes dis «ppswd wr^ftingfcpfjKrrtfcSbish lined the clearing amidst the genera) adieus of his friends, while Nora gazed after him with one of those inscrutable Jooks , which sometimes puzzled ?ft&sej; who be^t kne}r her. Thftt.jiight Captaio Sarfaiss read for hours to his friends from the books he had brought with him. He dwelt considerably on the indications of auriferous, argentiferous, and gera nifereous bearing areas. Opal de posits in particular seemed to hare a fascination for Allan Fitzgerald, for wt-rfe. riot his magic stones composed of Opal, though not the precious sort. It was nearly midnight, when the party broke up, and that was an un usually late hour for the cottagers to retire. Provision had been made to accommodate tfie men at the bullock dray, over which a tent was spread, and the night settled down upon as criirtented' rand, hopeful a party as could be found in the universe. At 4aylight^-and that was only a feW hours ' after midnight— Captain Barrass and Fitzgerald were,astir, and an earty breakfast was soon prepared. The old military .man had consider able experience of sapping and mining; during his active career, and- he was eager to once again try his hand at dislodging rock and earth, but under less dangerous conditions. The granite cliff near the summit of Mount Pluto was the spot on which he-had fixed his mind as most likely to yield the best results with the least labour.. The mouldering granite was pierced with fissures and honeycombed with small caves, and if properly 1 located, one keg of the powder ex ploded should give good results. The desire to see the destruction wrought had almost as much to do with the captain's eagerness as the fact that riches might be found. In fact, the probabilities in the latter direction were very remote, but still there was hope of revealing something. An hour after, sunrise Fitzgerald, the captain and- his son, Nora, and two other men began the ascent, carrying the powder, picks, shovels, -fuse, etc. The climb was not a very difficult one, and knowing the locality so intimately, Allan Fttzgerald was: able to select the easiest path. In less than an hour the base of the curious cliff was reached, and then the work of selecting the -most suitable spot to place the charge waB entered upon. The formation ex tended half round the mount, and, in fact, occupied a considerable portion of the summit. There appeared to be so many suitable firing points that the difficulty was in making a selection, and it was fully two hours before such was obtained. At length the captain discovered a spot almost hidden by the dense vegetation in which grew around. It was in short a species of tunnel not unlike a huge wombat hole. After going almost horizontal for some twenty feet it turned to the left and dipped suddenly until a narrow wedge-like location was reached between solid rock. At this point the keg of powder w;s placed with the' long fuse attached, and then every device known to the captain was adopted to prevent the force of the exp'osion working bak and finding vent by the entrance. There was very little fear of that owing to the formation of the ground, but in order not to lose any of the force no effort was neglected to ensure success. The task of firing the fuse was undertaken by Captain Barrass, but no danger attended it. There was „,* greater .difficulty iir securing a safe spot to witness the explosion, -4ot the cliff appeared to be in such a crumb ling state that there was no guessing what the result of a huge explosion might be on it. At length a supposedly secure position was found by the captain about three hundred yards from the centre of the charge, and one from which an excellent view could be obtained. ' It was not without trepidation that Nora Fitzgerald awaited the firing of the charge. The explosion of a gun was the strongest effect of gunpowder \- she had ever witnessed, but she was now to behold the power of the old monks' invention on a much grander scale. As for her father, he regarded the attempt wiftrhis customary stoical indifference. . So far ae he could read his oracle there was little chance of fortune corning to him in the way that Captain Barrass intended it should. Nevertheless, the experiment might prove interesting. It was prospecting the rocks on a gigantic scale,' and that was all. - It was not mpre than ten minutes after the ex-military man left the parly to fire she charge that he was teen running towards them with all the speed he was capable-. A Jwsh -fell upon the spectators, and as'Barrass reached them, puffing and' 'out of breath -with the-^nwonted exertion, the ground *eetnea to, shake -beneath., their feet, and the cliff appealed to rise as aJfcafening report, thundered out. The air was 'filled 'with flying rocks and debris. Evidently the charge had been well placed...., ? „ ..„/ 'Fsr'quiteTi minute yclt&t; ?efar-fint great explosion rocks and portions of cliff came crashing down in various places. , fcijleed.Jt wap epon. found that the place of/ refuge wb|re jhe jarty stood was scarcely safe. Pieces of the crumbling wall fell almost at* their feet, and at length they had to beat a hasty retreat further down the mount. All were eager to make an examina tion of the shattered cliff, and almost before it was safe the party went back. Charles Barrass attached himself to Nora, for there was considerable danger in climbing about amongst the dislodged rocks, some ofwhich might at any moment subside into the cavernous depths which existed. iTbe destruction of the cliff was extra ordinary, and Captain Barrass quickly came to the conclusion that it was not alone the keg of powder which Jtad done the 'havoc. ~ He rightly co'h'-~ eluded that some explosive gases must have been fired by the ignited powder, and that reflection caused him to warn the explorers not to use matches or lights of any description in their search. In fact, he mentally con gratulated himself that none of the partytiad been injured or killed, for if his conjecture regarding explosive gases were correct, the whole side of the mount might have been blown out by their agency, and death instead of fortune might have overtaken the prospectors. The search route taken by Nora and young Barrass was on the extreme western side of the cliff, as there the ?exploration seemed to be easier. The girl was a good climber, as she had plenty of practice in that line, and soon the pair were clambering amongst the debris in the vain hope of picking up ingots of gold or caskets of gems. In places the half-broken undergrowth torn and mutilated by the1 explosion was difficult to pass, and occasionally the two became separated by the walls of vegetation which intervened. It was on . one of these occasions that a sudden call from Barrass, who was in advance and near the summit of the mount, caused Nora to push along with all speed. Her first im pression was that her young friend had met with an accident, her second be must have made a valuable dis covery. In less than half a minute she reached Barrass, who was pointing in an excited' manner towards some rocks which almost crowned the sum mit of the peak. ' A strange-looking man, Miss Nora, has just run behind yonder rocks. He does not belong to our party, but perhaps you may know ' him,' the captain's son hastily ex plained. 1 Is he white?' quickly asked the girl. ' Certainly ; but clad lit tie better 'than an aboriginal. He tried to avoid my seeing him, I think. There are no bushrangers here abouts that I know of,' he con cluded. A vague suspicion began to fill the girl's mind which quickly .took shape. Her father was not more than a hundred yards off, but wholly absorbed in his mineral search. With a low cry Nora attracted his attention and beckoned him to her. With rapid steps the old man came up full of expectancy and quite unprepared for the narra tive told him. 'Let us make a search, an* sure that'll settle all our doubts,* spoke Allan, after a short survey. - Both the men and the girl were armed, though none of them feared violence, and in a few minutes they reached the first of the outcropping rocks and began the examination. Keeping together so as to prevent a surprise, the trio went' from rock to rock until the extreme summit $fthe peak was reached, and they were able to see dowg'a -portion of the southern declivity. If Charles Bamts had seen any one there who wished to escape observation, there was no doubt the person would seek refuge by cross ing jthe peak. This knowledge caused the three to make a keen siiryey of -every object within sight, aOd it waB while doing- -so that-* figure which he well knew crossed thjrjKne of Allan Fitzgerald's vision. ?Glory be to God!' be vehemently exclaimed. 'Look bey ant' 1 If that isn't Abel Suicliffe Ms b\s ghost 1' In -response to the ^exclwnat on Nora -and Barrass turned, and as they *Jid id, caught a glimpse of a wild looking man in the act of disappearing in the'dense jungle which fringed the brow of the mount about three hundred yards below where they stood. \ '.The girl was deathly pale, but scarcely more to than her father, who stood rigid as a statue staring below ana utter|ng something inaudible. Charles' Barrass was not so much affected, for the story of Abel Sutcliffe concerned him but little. He had heard of the man's death in , the ordinary way, but not knowing him, the event, tragic ai it was, -passed out of his mind as many another item of such news had done: The re jappearance of the supposed dead man had a : double significance for Nora, ' If showed'that the glimpse of the face which she had caught sight of at the aboriginals' c«mp was not a delusion, but what most troubled Her was the effect which that announcement had on the man who had asked her to be his wife. She could not banish from her mind a vague and horrible sus picion which began to shadow it, though she strove to do so. 'Abel Sutcliffe, you say?' spoke Barrass, breaking the silence. 'Of course you don't mean that poor fellow who lost his life in the Black Range some time ago.' 'Troth then I do. Tis no other Abel Sutcliffe I know,' responded Allan Fitzgerald, after a long pause, and speaking slowly. Barrass looked puzzled, as well he might ' I don't quite understand/ he began. 'You believe the poor fellow did not lose his life at the spot, I suppose. Yet if that were so, why did — or why does — he not return to his friends?' questioned the young man. ? His friends ?' repeated the Irish man. ' 'Tis few of thim I think he had. His woife didn't act properly, but betwane us 'tis jl subject best left alone. If Abel isn't mad altogether, I don't understand why he should live wid black crathurs, though,' vaguely answered Allan. By this time Captain Barrass and the two station-hands had reached the group, and they listened with wonder to the story. - ' - .' \' : 'If three of you saw the fellow, there can't surely be any 'mistake,' spoke the captain; 'The best thing we can do is go in pursuit and get to the bottom of the mystery. We have about six hours of daylight yet, and may be able to drop on the poor fellow. Let's make a start. I'll take the west side with Ted and Jack here, while you three con come round by yonder gully. That's the best way I can see to dispose our forces,' hastily concluded the captain in a decisive tone. Fitzgerald, now roused from the peculiar apathy which had seized upon him, quickly responded to the in vitation, and seeing that the plan proposed by Barrass 'was the best under the circumstances, he did not attempt to suggest anything else. ' Let us meet at yonder granite peak, and two shots fired in quick succession will be the signal for either party that something important has been discovered. Come along, lads,' commanded the captain. As' Barrass and his two companions' filed away down towards the western slope of the jungle, Fitzgerald, with his daughter and the captain's son, took the opposite route. By that method the two parlies would be able to make an exhaustive. search of the belt of timbered country which faced them and ran down to the glen at the base of the mount. The old bushman well knew that if the mysterious fugitive really wished to escape his pursuers it would not be an easy task to capture him. Nevertheless, the quest was one which pleased-him. To Be Continued. , 