MELBOURNE. Saturday, 9th June. Tho pranks of the senseless peoplo who go about the suburbs frightening women and chil dren by ghost-like visitations seem to ? have started again. A local "Spring-heeled .Tack" is being anxiously sought for by residents of "Williamstown, as he has during tho last few nights been up to the usual game with serious effects to tome. This morning at about half-past eight, o'clock two boya found the body of a man lying: dead on some land off Smith-street, Collingwood, and papers in his pocket showed it was the body of Mr. J. II. Brewer, of the firm of Brewer and Co., timber merchants, of Clifton Hill. The deceased drov.e a horse and cart, and the horse and vehicle returned to iheir place or. the pre vious night without tho owner. It was the deceased's custom to draw money to pay wages from the bank on Fridays. It is not yet known if lie had done so last Friday, but r.o money was found on him. He had two small wounds oil the face and head, which might lmvo beeii caused by a fall on the road. At the City Court to-day, Theodore Trinkaus, who was yesterday fined for making use of in- sulting words to J. C. De Goez, was charged with having threatened the life of De Goez by shoot- ing. Dr. McInerney appeared for the defen- dant, and took the objection that the case was really the same as that which had already been dealt with by the bench. It was contrary to the fundamental principles of law that a man should be punished twice for the same offence. Mr. Field Barrett, who appeared to prosecute, said they desired to have the man bound over to keep the peace. Mr. Lancashire, who presided on the bench, said they would adjourn the case till Monday, so that Mr. Panton might deal with it. Dr. McInerney protested against this, but the bench was obdurate, and remanded the case till Monday. Dr. McInerney said he hoped that the matter would be taken up by the public. It was scandalous that a man should be punished to suit the convenience of Mr. Panton. Monday, lltli June. The lux manner in which the law under the Lunacy Act is administered was further exem plified to-day', when the writ of habeas corpus to compel (lie medical superintendent of tho Kew Asylum to produce Barry Stevens, an in mate of the institution, in ' court,'for the pur pose of justifying his detention in the institu tion, "was mentioned. An affidavit bad. been put in-by Barry Stevens, in.which he contended that lie was being illegally detained, as when ho 'wis committed tl.e proper forms in accor dance with tho Act had not been observed. Ho explained ihat he had been staying with his brother, Alfred M. Stevens, at South Melbourne, in June, 1898, and that without his consent he had been taken by his wife unci brother to tho asylum on the 13tli June, and kept therei against his will until the 15th June. He was. next taken by a warder 'to the Kew Court, where two justices, Messrs. Ferrier. and Cody, sat. He was seen by Drs. Inglis.and.Harbin son in a room at the back of th-s court separate ly, and then ushered in before the jiistices, and after, the two doctors had given evidence, and his wife explained that he had two brothers in. the colony, he was ordered to bo sent to "the . asylum. Ho was not told of, the nature of the information against him, nor afforded an oppor tunity to n.ake any explanation, and about half an hour later he was taken to Kew Asylum. He believed that the order of commitment was not scaled by the justices, but simply stamped .by. the clerk of courts." An affidavit was read from the inspector of lunatio asylums, Dr. M'Creery, in which he stated that' Stevens was first admitted to .the Kew Asylum on tho 5th February, 1897. Ho was suffering from melan cholia, was quiet, and when pressed would answer questions. He gradually iniproved, and was allowed to go out on trial on the 23rd Sep tember, 1897, by his (deponent's) advice. On tho 13th June, 1898, he .was brought back by his wife; but as ho had been away longer than the legal time, he informed Mrs. Stevens that lie could not receive ' him. .. However,; Mrs. Stevens told him that she considered him dan gerous and suicidal, and , he was ad mitted. He was suffering from melan cholia . in a marked degree. Sub sequently, lie had Steven's handtfd-ovsr. to i,he' police, and brought before, the.Kew Qoui't, and committed. Mr. Coldliam also raised-an ob jection that the order did not "bear the Inainc of tho superintendent'of tho idsylunr^ and, there fore, was bad. ? Mr. . Justice'jfodges^lield that tho objections raised were fatal, but-.lie was not certain that it . would ib.e, safe ,to.~ .'allow Stevens at large. If'the matter was' pipntioned to-morrow, he would fix,a; date /or ft-,further ex amination. ' ' The case in which Josepheus Cornelius Do Goey, charged Theodore Trinkhaus with iusing threatening words was before the City Court again to-day, Mr. Panton, P.M., presiding. Dr. M'Inerney raised tho objection that the' ease was similar to that heard on Friday, and in which Trinkhaus had been punished. ! Mr. Panton decided to hear some of the evidence, as it really appeared an application to bind to tho peace. The informant then gave evidence, but hie behavior in the witness box was so ec centric that tho magistrate had to threaten to commit him for contempt if he did not behave himself. He stated that defendant had come to his place of business and threatened to shoot him if ho did not bring his (Trinkhaus's): wife out. The witness admitted that ho had brought defendant's wife down from Beaconsfield a few days after he had loft for Tasmania, but it was | only to pereveot her from being murdered. ? He alleged in a loud tone and exciting manner that Trinkhaus had already murdered one man:, and was with another man conspiring to murder him. He acknowledged having inserted an advertise ment in the "Argus," in which he had admitted having received £1500 from the co-rcsponddnt'in' a divorce action which ho had brought against his wife iu payment for all claims he had to her. Tho informant gave way to further deolaniation against, tho defendant, and finally Mr. Panton, in sovoro tone3, said to him, "You are such an excited specimen of humanity that you don'ti want the. prof.eotion of this court. Tho case is dis missed. You had better go about your j busi ness." ? i There was an intense fog in the bay-last night, and several vessels had to- anchor;for the night. Tho Edina, whioh was expected 'to- reach the wharf shortly after eight, did not-turn up until after two o'clock this morning, much to tho consternation of friends of passengers, who1 were afraid the vessel had mot with another mis | hap. '? The divorce suit, ^ ? who was formerly, a Assembly, of. Yiotoria,. wife, Fanny Augusta Aimf-IN Ct>v in the Practice.C°urt to-day, the respondent' Mr.' Woolf to Mr. Justice Hodges to have t'i - ; stayed until the court's; order as to / .been respected. An affidavit was put t tha.t .respondent .was now. residing at BlaU;r England, and that it was believed the pet?f-:J 7, was at present a.Isoin England. An order fqr O',.^/ mony pendente lito at the rate of £150 pqr a.^' num had. been made against :petitioner in Eebru ary last, dating^from the: time tho citation papers were served, viz., tho 14th. February,,1899!, and that all arrears should bo paid before the 1st of May last, but petitioner had never complied iWth .that .order, nor an order as to costs in an dctioa brought in England. The petitioner was be lieved to be possessed of ample means, as he was constantly travelling between England and Australia and on- the;continent:- . ;Neithei- had he. contributed anything, towards the .support of his children. His Honor., made an order as asked, for with costs. ; A deputation, consisting of Mr. l'\ T.j Dcr luim, chairman , of ihe Chamber of.-Manufac turers, and certain of the -memberi, "waited on the Premier to-day to protest against" tlie ap pointment of Mr. Peacock, M.L.A.',"to'be chair, man of the Royal Commission of Inquiry into 'w9rking of the ,factory legislation. '? Mr. Derhnm was' the principal speaker, and iurged that during the debates on the Factories: Bill ' i.Mr. l eacqek-had done all that he could to'block' an inquiry by' commission, arid had made wil ful mis-statements, -showing partisanship since .then m various-parts of the country. ;They wanted an impartial'and unbiassed-man to take cliargo_ Of- the. commission, and-Mr. ,-Ai - J J Pea cock sr.. Ins opinion, was a most' unfit person tor tho.position. _ Mr. M'Le'an pointed out, in reply that the Government was .restricted ir .Its selection to members of Parliament, and 'it had endeavored to find amongst members -those who were thoroughly acquainted with the mat ter, and at the same time were men with, an ?ipC;n fu"1 ,T!le, Government, however, found that those who knew most about the subject Jiad expressed strong opinions for or against it. As Mr. Peacock was nqt present, he f coinpeUsd to .say something in his defence in .reply to charges made against him. From a good acquaintance with Mr." Peacock, he was sure he was not tho man to-indulge , in wilful W^P,'TeIltat,6n\\. Fr°,m his complete know' led(,e of the matter, the Government, after" most carerul deliberation, bad decided to ask lym to take the position. In replv to th» charge that Mr. Peacock had wished to 'block tne commission, he said that what Mr. Peacock had objected to was the taking-of' the iriciuirv before the law had bad a fair trial. He pointed to the list Of. the members of the commission,, ine udmg the names of Sir Frederick Sr.rgood thnt j ?,;clls,° .a"d Levien, to-show that the interest o£ the chamber was not likelv to be misrepresented. The onlv charges of mi/; representation had come from Mr. Derham and? chamber. Ihe functions of the commission' were not those 01 a judge. It had simplv'lo' T)ov';1l','cc- 'a"d make recommendations/ which Parliament would deal with. As-wa«' generally the case, he supposed there would be v. majority and minority :report. , . ?OUR COUNTRY SERVICE, i: KILLYER V. ROBERTS. . rp, . Inglewood, 11th June, dov's "4S? J ycr"v- Soberts, mentioned in to ,?J s Advertiser, as. coming .on at the Bon digo Supreme Court to-morrow, is causin" some interest here. The mine over which the alleged -agreement was arrived at .is the -Morning! Star, which is now being worked by the "J.R Syndi cate, representing, if is understood, English capital, and of which James Roberts, the defen dant in tho action under notice, is tho repre sentative under a power of attorney. The syn dicate has been at work for some months baling the water from tho main shaft prior to giving the ground a thorough trial. The plaintiff, Mr. Uceiar ivillyer, some years ago worked in. the" well here:. The result of ?tho.la\v |uit will be awiuted-with interest.' mi : BAIiLARAT, 11th June'. ; Whin 1 e-Sat the baUery .of. .the Red I \Wnte and Bhio mine, near Ballan, were stolen some timo^ on Sunday.- . - As they had not been .eoured since Christmas, it is believed that the gold on them v.-ns worth £120. of rt,""T' G/ ^'dd'etol!> wife of the. .secretary of the Piicenix Foundry Company, died suddeulv l^go7or,"aDfValkm SyUC0P° WhCU attiri"2 llerseif AT,- TT . , CASTLEMAINF.; ath Juno.. ? Mi. Hunt, chairman of the Victorian Alliance, su.cci at a temperance deputation to the Pre ^,U3rhiUi, . w SZS°aDt ia cImr$c !it Castlemaine, L1 ^T , nis.it they were celebrating-the relief them tow;,nt.rouncI *P hotels and told rii-ht t0C;kee'5.t'lelr. premises- open after mid ni^ht. Superintendent Mahonv was in- Castle hoMern°~n making inquiries at -every hotol respecting the statement. turnfn« iIip Pn' f ^ °f ^rke^"*t,' when' tui mug the J- Oat ofhee corner on a b evele this w ^r'-?l lded v',l,h 14 bu3^' JIis machine .vas all twisted up, and one-of the buggy wheels a few bruitsm' Fortunatel-v' hc escaped with rpi t r I'.CHUCA, 11th June. : w iama, -Agricultural Society has fixed upon Wednesday, 19th September, as the date upon which to hold its next annual show A ^Vr , .ELMORE, 11th June: A wedding -which exelted .considerable local in terest was celebrated this afternoon at the Roman T « i r11 by ,tho Ecv- Father Shanahan. 10 contracting parties were-Mr. F. Dean, tho new licensee of the Riuinymede hotel, and Miss Maggie, second daughter of -Mr. and Mrs. Jno. 0 B.rien, of Diggora. The-bride,-who was attired 111 cream'-figm-ed -lustre, trimmed -with old gold silk, and wore -ihe usual wreath and; veil v as attended by Miss M. Dean,' and Misses'Katie and Annio OBrien. - Miss Dean .'wore croam ! - t,]0.tn'v latter, grey lustre with pale blue sillc trimmings, 'and wreaths and-veils.; Mr. J. L) Brion, junr., acted as best man. . After the ocremoay the- party -drove out - to the residence of the bride's parents at Dip gora, and again caught , tho train here for a honeymoon trip. - ..... ; : The annual meeting of the Elmore District Agri cultural and Pastoral Association was held on bat-urday; There was an excellent attendance, cfcJa-,P°lmef' J-?-. Presiding. Tho balance^ sheet disolosed a highly satisfactory state of altairs, tlie ovcrtb-aft- having been, reduced dur mg tl,0 year from £275 to £87. The election of offioers: resulted as follows President, Mr Ji. Holmes; vice-president, Messrs. G. K. Brown and W. Hagedorn; treasurer, Mr. J. G. Watson aiid'tors, Messrs. F. R. Fretwell and Brodribb! Dr. Liddlo and Messrs. Farrall, Trewiek and Ross were appointed to vacancies on the com mittee. Tho dato of next show was' fixed for Wednesday, 19th September, the usual dav, viz., last Wednesday in September, having been se cured by the Echuca Society. The matter of tree plaintmg in tho grounds was left in tho hands of a committee.. A hearty vote of thanks was passed to the ladies and others who interested themselves in the bazaar held in. aid of the so ciety's funds. At the invitation of the newly eleoted president, tho meeting adjourned to the Shamrock hotel, and partook of a'glass of wine. 0 GOORNONG, 9th June. Lr. laylor has now taken a decided turn for the better, and hopes are entertained for his speedy -reoovery.-- > Being, ever ready'.to ;assist ill any movement for the general good of the district, his improved condition is a mattfer for considerable satisfaction to his many, friends. A very sudden death took-place at Goornong boutli at an early hour on Friday morning, when :Mr_ Baipfciste Valh, a highly respected farmer of this district, .who" liai been -ailing slightly for the past fortnight, suddenly expired. A post mortem examination is being mad-i to day .by..Dr.- Liddle, of Elmorb:! . . ? T , ^ ' HUNTLYv 11th-June. ' .11 1. ' 'fT?3 Peatling, "of Bagshot, will probably bo a candidate for the rr- presenta.: ticn of the South Riding: in, the Huntly, Shire - Gouncil at the approaching elections in August An intore3tjng though unostentatious wedding, took placo here on Wednesday -last,- when Mr. George Thomas Willis; fifth son of "Mr.' H. T.' A was married to Miss Elizabeth Ethel Pur cell, youngest' daughter of the - late Mr., James. Purcell, of Williamstowri.' The ceremony was perr. formed by the Ven. Archdeacon MacCullagh, who subsequently made a presentation to the bride. No invitations bati'-bedh' rtiued-iii conse-: quence of.a" recent bereavement' i&'-'M£ .jfillisV family, ffime members'of A^hiqh-.traveUo'di from New South Wales and Gipp&latidHa;\b(r present. The presents were numerous, including several cheques for goodly . sums. j .- " ,r " M- ? INGLEWOOD, loth Jiine. iur. Jriallidfly,? our 'popular, postmasterj -vVho has been away on- holidays,-Returned-1 hoijie by m ? ist, tr.!un- last '"sht,. and will resunje :hi3 official duties to-mbri-dw.-; / . - ?' . . KERANCi, 8ih" June. At a meeting of t-he.-committee of the Kerang District Agricultural. Society; 'held--this iafter noon, appointments were m'ade'foiVth'e eiiminc! year as follows President,^' Mr. "M.'"B.innett (ivlurrabit); -vice-presidents, Messrs. P. J. Q'Don nell (Kerang), and'J/H. Roberts j.Murrlibit) . treasurer, Mr. D. G Rattrayseiret.iryt Mv" John Coleman. - All thevgentlemen named' were re-elected to their respective positions. - Prize ground, and other sub-committees wore also ap pointed. The secretary-reported that premises of donations were coming ir. freely, and that everything pointed to a highlv successful show Ihe Lands department wrote,-quoting th" up set price placed 011 tlie 'Show 'Grounds! site and-tho committee resolved that application be made for the land to be .put-up for sale.' with a valuation for improvements,' as early as': prac ticable. .' . . MARONG, 11th June. All .tlie old,residents in the district fi-el An in terest in tho ceremony which is on tho tapis dur ing the present week, when an alliance is to.occu - between: two of tli.1 oldest and most esteemed families of Marong, by. the matrimonial Union of a daughter of .Mr. and Mrs. Jas. Gray with Mr.- Jas,-Steel, of the Aigj-lo Estate, a son of tho highly respected Mr. John Steel," of the Spring-vale'Farm -ROC-HESTER, 11th June. Tho many friends of Mr. Thomas O'Donnolj will regret to hear of his death, Which toklplace ! :at his residence,' Diggora; .early yesterday morn-''; ing, the, causo. of!death, being bronchitis and; asthma. Tiio decea&ed;, who was 66 years of age, ( was one of :the;,pioiieara of the district, having' arrived here upwards of. 3.5 years ago. 1 For some years he. was. omployed on. the Borf-domi 1 Station, but when the land was thrown open, he took: Up. a selection,- and followed agricul- 1 tural and. pastoral4 pursuits. -. He. had been in indifferent health for'some time, but- his death was unexpected, as he was in the town on Thurs day last transacting business. He leaves a widow and grown-up family of tliree sons and two daughters. Tlie funeral took place to-day, and the large number who attended testified "to the respect and esteem in which the deceased was held. The service at the grave was conducted by the Rev. Prior O'Hanlan. io£ ?«ne. ?XSlM&L; Ree?*'1/« &4 6v5^_ The mccti:»8\^W';Jy, . . e /ij'j, **».»- n seh'oo^J®. n-e]f^oi)g!lt Positi^bout low thS%P&*:of ./ another pt^ th0 to \- -, .c/ handed over to th _? vu / / J4t}, j 4a va _ J"0( Shire .'.T <4,'C at th_ ",... was .in the chair. ' *-o'wr?e.>*t'i°Ss<>sl follows : -Inglewood 11o_ Benevolent Society, £7/15j V r""-c]y )o0 J^ep frto/Ji0 d0,y* .17/8. Messrs. Thos. Morecrc£,-Vr. S;Q^ce S£ 9 flo were nominated for appomtres, «c?ifia/ic'-S0 vcrnors. A discussion followed^tioQ J]a _pricty of abolishing these annual u^j)^ox-SQ j lying upon a thorough' canvas's of Wiejjj but a final decision was left over till r.eirt- " °®q/ ,. ? .? - . ' 