RICHARD BRICE, ADVENT URER. By OHAB. JUNOR, Author of " Dead Iden's Talno," &a.;, &A.; [ALL IIGo~TS RESERVIE.] CIIAPTIER III. CONTITABAND OF WAB. PARn I.-How We: STor.L A MAnon ON THE ENEarY. (Continued.) ThE Annotte proceeded noiselessly on her way. Coated as she was with a doll green paint, she was almost in visible on a cloudy night, under any circumstanesoo, and when, as now, sho had allhor running lights extinguished, she was entirely so, oven at a cablo', length. With her olondor hull, power fal engines, twin scrows and feathered paddles, seho had the additional ad vantage of being unencumbored by spars. Further, wo burned omokeoles coal, and our steam was blown off under water. As onch saud-bar showed up betweoon the inky blue ripples of the bay and the different points of the forest-olad banks loomed ahead, Porez gave the captain ooursoe, and deoeanted, sttol voce, on the various crosobeoarings, currents, and shadows of the vicinity. The grey-toothed peaks that towered to the north and south-oest cast palo ohadows aerosa our track as the moon sailed coldly upwards, and there was a solemn oppressiveness in the un uunal stillness of the air and the glabrous sea around us. The dead sileneoo was broken at intervals only by the regular " plop-plop " of the lead and the boa'n's inartionlato murmers as he called the soundings. Where was the patrol ? we asked ourselves. We were gradually nearing the shore. On the port side aheoad, where the freshet sluggishly emptied itself, the ground sank slowly into a low bolt of mangrove forest, around which the night mists were steaming and wreathing in fever - bearing coils. About banks of loathiome slime, lapped by streams of foul, yellow water, ghost-like cranes stalked to and fro. Hideous monster crabs seuttled up and down the interlacing roots of this frightful labyrinth of desolation, and its graveyard odour sickened our senses as we glided past to starboard and caught the revivifying breeze from the high ground of primeval foresots of cedar, mahogany, ebony, and other noble timbers, for which we were heading. The original Indian name of Oaba-Oabanaoan --a place whore gold is found, has hitherto proved a misnomer; the country, like Brazil, should have been identified with its valuable vegetation; thko, perhaps, Spanish misrule would not have oaot its malignant spell over the island's history. "Hoist," exclaimed Dale, giving me an admonishing nudge with his eldow, "did you hoer that 2" From the over-hanging branohes above us there issued the shrill crow of a cook, followed almost immediately by the sepulchral hoot of an owl. We had stopped, and Porez concealed in the shadow of the bows, put his finger to his lips, and answered with the hoarso ory of the night-raven. Broathleesly, we awaited develop ments. Then from the same direc tion came floating downwards, three words uttered in a sonorous male voieo :-" Esta nuted ?" (is that you) Manuel ?" SSi Imigo" (yen). Is that you Folipe speaking, how go thingo, why don't you come forward ?" replied Peroz, emerging from his shelter. At the anme moment there was a rustling in the treeoos, and a few eoooonde later, the forms of two men were dimly out lined before nu, at the water's edge. " It's all right boys," sang out tihe the captain, " lower the boat, boo'n, and let's got alongside right away." " Take oar, senor eapitan" ex claimed the opeotrnl landsman, warn ingly, adding in Spanish, that an avoidance of all noise was most impor tant, as the enemy had quartered themselves olose by, and, for that reason, it had boon impossible to light the firoes no arranged. The boat was however, quiohly despatohed, with Perez at the tiller, and he shortly aftorwards rotprnod with the two insurgent esoots, nnamed Matins and Pelipo, under whose diroo. tions he made for a spooidlly favorable mooring .planoo, a little further on. From those two we learned that the eastern wing of the Cuban loader's forces was retiring for the present from the locality, owing to the arrival of it largo body of Spaniards who had recently entrenbhed themselves on the headland immediately above us. Tho Spanian commnaorp, Don Guzman do Valdes Poon wau a notorious tyrant, and hio course along the coast, when hoe oamo naros in. habitants lilkeoly to be affeoted with rebel sympathies, had boon aoom panied by ~snvago atrooitioo terrible to recount. Within Froo Cuba tho only strategic points held by the Spaniards woro coofined to the seon coast, and inlond the omaller former classes still occupied their homontooad in the Campo fioldo. The Onbon policy was to lad their onomion into conoontroatig in uooh ilolated opots no the preeOnot one, anOd thon to disap. peer, leaving thebo olimato and other natural oonrgeos to decimato their crowded raulrt. Tlhen the Cubano would showo activity at somo lfurthor point, nand those teotioe would be re posted; mnonwohileo, a enolh move occurred, o harlrmiing but oafo anorilla warbro would Iho waged( on the ozeu. poreteol laranora aold otertie poetics who owero' taiuuly otuhiog their l tni blOledl aooilanolo. i'loo doomorotliuol i8paonierol dalod loot palntrCto the lorontot to oiy lth llth, nlod wleo tlhey il vootitlroo+ l llri, hnlCualo'oi o lhly iJvulrioly hr e t iII mooob, ooloo/yoo in lolo 0loythImo, li,, IIny /00, oJtolily iblloet oil by Ohi 0henolo oill+,oomoon to y1 h+0 Ioovoy Inolc)I oo / of o th l o s y 1 lteo cotooi lly ooo l , hot fto ,ho o l obtoh o in eol. bool bol col + tool ? oolooolio+,.l . ' 1 + !,l III too jot;l l~lIto), ",t bo'tl~l~ooo Oo'l~tot informed us that El Capitan Moreno had broken up his camp tiwo days previouely, and was now about five miles distant to the south-weat. Ho had deferred making a final departure to the last moment in the hope of our vessel's arrival, as bhi party wea greatly in need of ammunition, and now that the majority of his suonpport eqr woro eoattorod, the bulk of our oargo would have to be cached, ao a troopship from Manzanillo, bearing additional reinforcemento and storoe was hourly expected. It would be a fatal mistake for no to linger, aso th movoments of a largo body of insur gents must involve . our friends' de atruction as well as our capture. So our common interests lay in affeooting an immediate debarkation and exit from the scene. El Capitan Moreno's instructions and adviso wore that we should make for the shore and com. monce unloading forthwith, and in tho meantime Matins and Felipe would spread the news of our arrival among the remainimg insurgents, and in thbo morning a number of willing hands would promptly roliove us of the greater part of the work and divide up and disposeo of the cargo to tho best possible advantage. The greatest oare would be neoooeary to avoid observation from the hills above or the opposite and surrounding shores, about which reconnoitring parties would certainly be prowling. In the event of disooovery our only chanca would lie in making a bold dash for the sea and in sueseosfully braving the cannon from the shore, the doapatoh of the garrison torpedo outter, and possibly also the patrolling gun-boat or incoming troopohip; truly on inspiring gauntlet to think of run ning in broad daylight. Within half-an-hour of meeting our now companions wo were able to bringthe Annetto safely alongeido of a splendid naturally-formed landing. stage. Our shallow draft, about four toon foot, and aboeonso of rigging, facilitated matters to such an extent that we were able to oreep in under a canopy of overhanging foliage whioh bid us completely from view of the surrounding country. Matins and Foelipo stopped ashore, and Oaptain Jorvie called all bands together and briefly explained the state of affairo. On concluding, we were all served with a stiff nobbler, a sort of toast and antidote to the growing coldness of the air oombined aso well as a sleeping draught, for it was dedided that we should turn in for a few hours until assistance arrived, when our energies would be taxed to their fullest oapnai ties almost unceonasingly till we re gained the open Atlantis and romom. bered the present night of anxiety only as a distant, troubled dream. PART II.--HOW THE ENEMY RETURNED THE OOuPLIsMENT. It was ounrise when I awoke. After working for six houre without inter mission I had thrown myself about a couple of hourn before daylight noroes a vacant covered hatchway aft, to snatch a little sloop prior to re-com monoing on the coming morning, and it moost have been the sound of voices raised in altercation close by that roused meo. The monotonoun lapping water gurg ling round the Annotte'o storn at first reoallod the morning when she was ahearing away at a good fourtoon rnots an hour through the long, blue sewell, the flashing neas roaring beneath her bows and streaming away astern in the streaky-lines of white and green in the wake of her throbbing pro poller; but the night of the verdant foliage interlacing above her dosok reminded me of our position. Gone wore the millions of dancing nacullo flies and humming insecto, the snore of the treeo-toado, and the weird notes of the ohore-fowl of the previous night. Leaning over the bows I caught a glimpse of a shoal of broeam, and fur thor back a ohark lazily watching their gambols. There wan not a breath of air to ruffle the glossy urfaceo of the swell, which now gently rooked the veeoool as in a cradle, and I moment arily bewailed the interruption to my pleasant dreams and past comfortable ourroundingo. The sun, rising through o purple heno, gloemed ooppery rod, and ne he mounted upwardo he poured down tho pitiloo hboat of the tropioo till the pitoh oozed from the coame and the unprotooted rail boaido me oooroh ing my fingers. Sea and sky were one blaze of light, the hard braooy glare above, with long linoe of fiery radi aneoo trembling norose the owell below, whilo whirling wreothse l thin blue vapour quivorod before his rod dieoo no hbe grow higher, and his level roys throw rainbows aeroro tho foam upon the diotant roofs. The land-breezo of the night, laden with the fragrance of soonted floworo and the hum of oountloes inoeote had died away, and in place of the wooded hills olooping poeoofully in the moonlight, fierce rays glittered on the omooth otome of the palm treoe, and thouoands of brilliantly feathered creatures buret into tumultuous Cong and discordant outcry. Landwardo the dark billowy hills, blistered in rugged rook patches at the summit, overlooked no, olothed in alternating ohadoe of green no the eye deooended and mot with tbo douse foreost beneath. Spoonlation as to their oontents were etayed by a renewal of the voices which had disturbed me, and, ehortly afterwarda Dale oame round the hatchway, looking in any thing but an ngrcoable condition of mind or body. "RIouno up, B3rico, old man," be anid " we'll have to be moving, come and hrvo a drop of comothing, thotgh, first, or you'll be catching the lover too." " lonlly Dale," I roplied, hnguidly, "thi ozonosuive enoergy one my behitf usier' muio.pleod, Jd ljing from pronjent ifndiotionI it's you who utind thlie better shohw of gottijg the ofever; you look ue ferrul Talli n; nod, WCer't tint you J hl rieuil nh'uthr, juiet I'Ii 7" " ',Yo wouln't Ihlk ucrurrh liti( r if Ih'Il I o eirtrlour Iu t','lh h i rluurr thi ll''ll I ,! I ',l , f,,,! -.ll I hl 111 h1 ' , Il11 1+1 , 1 "And no it is " growled Captain Jorvin, oas hi red head protuded from around the corner, followed by his heavy shbambling body, with Perez immediatoly in his rear. " I've got two o' my men down with fever already and I tolls you straight I aint agoin' to lot a single one of my crow anhoro thin day. The plaoo in swarming with snakoo and out-throat owabo, and I can't risk no being short-handed to-night. Thin yor hooker's worth fifteen thonouand pound afloat, to say nothing of our lives, and I'll coo ye damned before yoe go. Who's the boon of this ship, I'd like to know anyhow ?" he roared, indignantly. It was evident that our chipper had been indulging freely, in order to ward off the dreaded " yellow jock " and, as I found out shortly after, all hands woro panio stricken and more or leon over primed with similar medicine. Perez here attempted to mildly ex postulate with me against the project, bat Dale out hin short with an angry gesture, opposition as I well know, only confirmed my friend in his ob otinanoy, and from the arbitrary tone of the captain it wan a foregone con elusion that Dale would insist upon having bie own way. It would ill bo aome me to have inoonsed him by ap pearing to support the pilot's antago. nietio viewo, and no good result would have beeoon offoted. I therefore took no part in the renewed disoussion be tween the disputante, but commenced preparations for the inoevitablojourney. In the end it wao settled that Dale and I should, at our own risk, proceed to the insurgent leader's camp, under the guidanoe of Feolipe. We were to be back by sundown or the Annetto would put to son without no; and, ohruggigg his alouldero in polite do preciation of our foily, Perez naloed off to give his friend further instruc tions, and Jorvis retired below, in a towering rage, at what he looked upon no an not of open mutiny, the reoolleotiono of which could only be wiped out in farther libations of rum. Armed with revolvers and a cutlass a-piece, we elbowed our way through the hybrid crowd of mulattoes, coolies, negroes, and crooles, who were, after their respective fashions, hauling up the remains of our cargo into the wooda. Moot of the party were omoking, some wore quietly feasting on juniper, apples, gunavase, or bananas gathered from the ledges of the adjac ent tufa-cliffs of this primeval orchard. The greatest good humour prevailed and no one would have imagined that those men were engaged in a relentleso struggle for their existence, which at any momentmight end in a sudden and violent death. Skins varying in color from the deepest ebony to the lightest cream, store clothes and rags, old and young, languages no diverse as the French of San Domingo and, the Chinese of the imported collie, were hero blended into homogeneity in the onoy going brotherhood of resistance to the Spanish opprooeor. Adversity has pointc in its favor, after all, I mused, and wondered meanwhile whether prosperity would not be the signal for the prompt disruption of this singular harmony of diverse races. At first our route prooesented little difficulty. Felipo walked in advance, conducting us by a routs fairly open, and previously cleared by the machotes of his comrades. Later, however, no we acoended the declivity over which we must pass . before being able to descond towards the south-eoot upon Morono's probable camp, the task of forcing our way through the opines of the overhanging bamboos retarted our progress to a degree irritating o those so little aoon? tomed as were Dale and I to this kind of travelling. I began to think that my friend hadn't boon so far wrong in wearing his half-sea, half.riding boots for this expedition, as my own shinc were becoming nore from the frequent prods and ocratches I reooeived from the masses of prickly undergrowth in festing our path. He was evidently getting tired, though, for we had not been more than an hour and a half from the ship before he requested me to ask Felipo how much longer it would take us to roaseb his black-faced master. " A oreblo isn't a oolored man, Dale," I observed. " Morono in a Oaban, and ovary Ouban is indirecotly a creole although he is only in his twelfth or perhapo thirteenth genera tion-seooing that he in frequently able to traeo his pedigree right from the original conquiotadores of the Spanish main. A oreolo is a poroon of European parentage, chiefly Latin, born in a Spanish colony. The olightest touch of the tar-bruoh and he is dicqualified. " At that rate, you're a creole then," he replied, " ooeeing that you wore born in Sooth America; or doe the fact of your parento being English rob you of the dietinotion ?" "Not at all: correctly speaking I would be an Euglish creole if I had boon born as well an bred in Buenos Ayren, but I happened to, come into the world in Auntralia. A creole needn't be of Latin extraction, as the British dictionary compilers soom to think. The Spanish colonisot them oolves, who confer the name, apply it equally to all native-born children of Europopn deseent, no matter whether such be Latin or Sanon." " Well, I beg Don M rnuo'e pardonu; but, for hoaven' nsako, toll this brigand of ours to take no by tile quiokoot way he known. How far dooen he reckon we're off now from our destination ?" Folipo rookoane that the nenore nooeed not be :nxioue. We wore doing famously, and the (amandanto muet be within, at frthoeat, some two milon dintlnt only, and wvo w?old noon be on topt of the bill nud be tr?,vllingf on the down-grnio??ii, d that woutld bie alior uiorkn, 110 Inmi.llod pl iliully, and lay. Ig abouat hiim vlfrnouoly with hil muidhota lIhOrr and Itnrco, unt prO;uitwd onwcatrd), hei anl ly od stn' 11ounll44 by qtuintlly-told tttiw of the iiuie haliui lie htl ii, )li )oi )i, j IIIIII thI l)lllth i I 1 t liti;) t I ii, fi.i.i. Y uf tt,'ji1 h).,bo,,m ,.'l unexplored. Hero he would encounter a rugged clump of oloes or huge spiny cooti, emitting omolls of fo3tid ranknoesso oozing frolni the woundo wo inflioted upon their black opurred leaves. The rotting timbers weto everywhero smothered in vast num born of stupondous parasitio flora, the matao palos, a gigantio, tree-hilling vine, entwining theo vegtation on all aides. Spiked and feathered palms lifted themcolves from points where the sun oonacionally penetrated, and in tho cool of the shaden gorgeous orohido unfolded their peoflo in endloss variety, acoompanied. by .a perfume whoso oppresoivoness was almost stifling. Throughout this fairylond of flowers flittered noores of brilliantly coloured, sparkling humming birds, hanging for a second over some fantaotio bloom which they would just touch with a long, slander curved beak, like a dimi. nutive carlew'a, and then, dashing away, flush multi-hued prisms of beauty at every ohifting of the lights. As we were admiring the orange- bloc. somed bespangled walls of the forest, gay with the wings of innumerable bootles and butterflies flitting from branch to stem and from stem to twig of the long trailers hanging over the arimsoned vanillas, a 'long bodied squirrol would scurry past into the hollow of his favourite tree, or an agouti roll himself out of eight as a protest against our aunppreoiated curiosity. This. animal life however didn't imoreae Feline favourably. He informed ua that in his virulent dotes. tation of all thingo Cuban Don Ouzan Do Waldoen had actually imported and lot looeo a number of jaguaro to add to the other terrors of the jungloland that, compared with the moleoon blood- hounds he employed for track ing oeupeoted soouto or deserters, los" tigros, were far the more formidable. South of. the Iethmuo of Darien to Patagonia, no wild boast in held in ouch dread as the jaguar. Not only is he the crafty and silont hunter, but his omnivorous aapacities, his veroa tility, and his great strongth enable him to flourish and multiply anywhere. Capybarne, peoonrioo, tapirs, deer, monkeyo, and similar timid animals fall an easy prey to his inoatiable appetite; but when pushed he will food equally well upon turttle, lizardo, or sholl-fieh, and even succeed in hooking fiah,'with his outstretohed talons from the water, or strike down birde in their flight with bin pawn. But it is man whom he watoheo moat eagerly, and thbank to his crafty con eealment in the trees and his rapid movemouto on the ground it in soldom that his intended human victim in able to esoape. As the sun neared the meridian, and we completed our descent, the eur rounding foreet-life became huohed. There remained only the coontinuousno murmur of the swarms of insects, boon, and moequitoes, millopedee, spiders, anto and other oreeping things, an they evaded the attaoke of lizards and burrowing jagros,. from the crackling bark of the trees. The fincheoo topped twittering, the coream ing parrots folded their gaudy plumage and retired into the deep blacknoon of the innorgroveo, the dormiceo no longer peered forth inquisitivoly, and the mimosa, laurel, and fig trees dropped heavily in unison with the almost universal languor of the hour. "Look ahead Senoro " exclaimed Felipo," and you will soo our brother. in-arms." We had been proceeding during the last few minutes with par tioular caution, and now our guide told no we had reached the camp. Looking ahead, as Folipe had ordered, I saw that we were near an enormou ooiba tree. High up in the branches, I could disoorn a continel,, who waved us a signal of welcomo. Beneath, wore about a dozen men noated in a group, but, on our appronah, one of them arose and advq'pood inquiringly to moot usno. " Lo Yngleoon,. Benor Capitan," said Felipo, with a roopootable salute, an he stopped aoide. "Bueonas dine I caballeros," returned the stranger nodding to usno gravely; and continuing, in Spanish that he was pleased and honoured in receiving our company, he led us to a roughly constructed meat beside which an extomvoro table wan planed. Well plonaed with the chance of rest at last, we accepted his hoopitality thank fully, and turned to aorutinizo our newly-found frionde. Moreno, the captain of Maceo"? party operating in the east of Cuba, wao a owarthy, medium-sized man of betwen thirty and forty years of ago. A pair of glittering, brown eyoe poored from beneath hio straw hat, chading features of the normal Latin type whooa expression wse by no moans unprepoossesing. In spite of a tondency towards corpulency his movements were agile, and though his manner was decidedly brauque, it was tinged with the native indolenceo insouciance. Until recently the owner of a small central or sugar plantation near Santiago de OCuba, he had him. oelf fired his estato rather than allow it to afford shelter to a raiding band of Spanish tax-gathorero, and had thrown in hio lot with the rebels. He wore a grey cloth suit, decorated only by a gilded star in the Inpol; hio companions weor of the nonal non decoript variety and presented nothing diutenotivo in garb. One woa a Frenchman from San Domingo, two wore stalwart neogroo, and I oopocially noticed a sharp, shifty-oyed mongrel watching no intently. In addition to their pistols and machetres all carried carbinoo, The majority surveyed Dole and myoell almost without in toroet, and after a brief glance in opr direotion appearod provoaltiilly dio. po?nOd to ijlnorie ni olltogetlier, " Cimi ltitloun," eIid Morono, and n ttloendnt iprompitily protli)d i?n llOiiel ai foit horn illtpa tit lour dillllloll li ii i )i, rn i tl' o r- i i ni i fnl l din t lt it hiia ii u h~iu ull rulilro ikin iiic r.ll , h eiillt i I ad a t. li nal it me?nli e p o ut in ad 1 41' II 1Ylil~lllt¢lr,) 