CHRISTMAS THOUGHTS. [By Dean PajikakV^ ' . I When we think of God mu3tvi.p0 80 fthke in His Trinity and in His UruCy ; noi* must wc fall into the error of regarding Him ej^ms'vely under the separate aspect of a Srnglo Person of tho Undivided Godhead. Inunut«Me-,Imnffi. r';^*- Incomprehensible, Infinite, as God is He litis revealed Himself to- us men, and1, for orv r salvation, in names' of love and tendern'osss, affv Father, Son, and Holy Spirit, one God. iho Scriptures set forth God in His separsvte' revda tions ; and when thoy add that ' God is Love/' we;sce, in sunlike majesty, the Total Oneness of His inmost essence and character. He, there fore. that would be saved must thus thinlc of the Trinity ; for it is thus that the Eternal has taught us to think of Him. ' Wo turn our thoughts first to God tlie Father, Who liath made.us nnd'all the World. Think onlv what an infinitude of error is cor rected' by the calm sublimity of that first verse of the Book of Genesis : ' In the i beginning G'ot^ created the heaven and the earth.' Only con sider how, apart from this revelation, tlio world lay, weltering in enormous complications of ignorance and darkness ! , . But all the errors, with their concomitant hor rors of human sacrifice and consecrated lust-; all the wretched fancies of the nations ; Polytheism with ilis gods many ; Pantheism with its imper sonal god : Atheism with its no God : Ditheism with its two contending gods ; Epicureanism with its indolent, selfish, faineant gods, are swept away for ever by the decisive majestic utterance, as of thunder and of music combined, ' In tlio beginning God created tlie heaven and the earth.' Nor did the revelation end thoro, Ori tlio contrary, to God's chosen people it was again and again revealed that, though this God hated Bin, and requires obedience to the eternal laws which, he delivered. to us, not for His . sake but for our own, yet that Ho is very nigh to us, ovon in our hearts ; a. besetting God ; a God front whom tlie*. curtains of tlio midnight cannot conceal lis ; a God whose presence we cannot escape, even if we could take the wings of tho ;itiorning.and«ily1t°'*tliO'iittfirtfiost''parts *of 'thO' sea ; yet that Ho is not cruel and wrathfpl, but tho God, the Lord God merciful and graoious, slow to angor, and of groat kindness, forgiving transgression, iniquity, and sin. Tho one God revealed Himself as a loving Father ; a God ?Who so tonderly loves the sheep of His pasture and the creatures of His Hands that* though the'; mother may forget her sucking child and not have compassion on tho son of hor womb, Ho will noithor loavo us nor forsako.us. And this revelation, so supremo, and so ?blessed, was supplemented;by dnotlior, : ' ' In- tho beginning was the Word, and tho Word bocamo flftsh.' Our iniquities , tend to hide God 'from ;iis, and tlion to mako us go astray after strange gods. Wore it not for the advent of a Itedeemcr our whole raco would have sunk- to^ the condition of haying no liopo, and being witliout God in tho world. But, lost we should altogether forget God, lest wo should; morely. trdmblb in, abject: terror beforo Him, when tho' fulness of - tho timo was come, God sent forth His Son, to empty Himsolf ofHis glory and go down' to 'tlio lowest stop of the unspeakable ' descent, God became man; human languago can uttor no truth moro procious than this, nor moro stupendous. God might seem distant, but God in Christ could not. ' Wo had fallen ; and Ho redeemed us.' Wo hud sinned, and Ho forgave us. Tlio Very God ! Think, Abib ! canst tliou think ! rj~ A n a ? j ' VJW 1#I1U glUUrU HUiU iUU ^1.11 AUVIU^ WJU J - So, tlirouglvtlio' thunder, coinos a human voioo, ? Sayings' 'O heart I mado, a Heart boats hero j Faco My Hands fashioned, soo it in Mysolf : : Thou liast no. strength, nor uuvy'st coneoivo of ' Mine; ' ? vBut lovo I gavo.theo, with Mysolf to lovo. ' Aud thou must love Mo, Wlioluvvo'diod for tlioo.' ? Wo wero lost ; arid Hp found us. Wo woro prodigals - ; , and - IIo welcomed us. We wero lopors ; a,nd Ho cloansed us.' Wo woro ' doad ; 1 and Ho 'raised us. Wo wore f mined ; and' lio i restored our souls. Wo shall not morcly^sink at death into somo tremendous 'soa of darkness, or i bo consumed in soino dazzling blaze of majesty ; I but a, Faco like our own , faco shall receive us ; Hands lilco our ?own liands fling open to us tlio gatos of ovorlasting 'lifo. . Think' of it I \ God hccamo human that; in an mightibocomo divino; God died 'that man. might livo. . ? Oh, it is easy to say this ; but how difficult . for tlio frail and pollutod hmnan. mind to , grasp tho truth ! Let mo, illustrate it in tho .wb'rds of a man of genius, one of tho groiitostisoiontific bonofaotors of this our century. 'Whon I was a littlo boy at sohool,' l says thisj groat physician, Ml.; saw a, sight T novor can forgot — a man tied to a , cart, and ' dragged I bofovo'tho people's,. 'oyos!'tlirough: ,tlio: streots ,ol ?my( nativo town, liis back torn aricthloodlng from: tho1 lasli.' ; . It wttsllii shdinofurpunisliment, For I many olfoncos ? .?'?No, , for, one' olTonco. ;? 1 Did any of tho'townsmo.ni OlTor; to divide 'tlie'lashes witli j him ? No !' : Hp Nyho epnimittod' ;tho , oil'onco I boro the penalty alono.' It wasihoipoftaitv of ? a I changmg human law, for-it was'tlip fast iiistanco of its infliction,' ?' v ?' ' ? ? - 'I saw — it matters not whori~%solf, a sinno'r, | standing on the brink o£ ruiiV,'' dosorving naught' but hell. For ono sin P No, for manyj many sins, committed against tho unchanging .laws'of God. But again I looked, and saw, Josits my Kudeumer scourged in' my stead, and dying on tlio, cross for 1110. I looked, and cried, and was for given.' And so wo exclaim onco moro; in tho noblo words of Richard Hookor : 'Yos! lot it bo counted folly, or l'ronzy, or fury, or whatso ever, it is our wisdom and our comfort. Wo caro . fox no knowlcdgojit tho.^vovld but this : tlmi/ Qoil has made' Hiiusolf tlio sia of won, nnij ^lmt , \' ' ' ' ' ' 1 ?' , men are made the righteousness of (Jed.' One mighty revelation — theac is oiu' God ; -i rpcotid. mightier revelai ion — God came down to nsin tho likeness of sinful men. Was a thud men «.on ceivnble 7 Can there he anything nearer in the presence of God even than this? Yes, thanks t-? Hi? mcrcy ! ButforCliri^tV gift --1 the (loly /^1 i xl ? *^rtnifort^»r. koiin lui vr, lu'lfUllt- Ghost, the ? , ...viiwo ? to look on the life and death of the. Loul Jebus as a far off event, a dim anil distant, pieturc of which the vivid lines had faded ; something merely historical ; something which had ceased to affect the lieart or touch the life, because it happened so far, far away, and so long, long ago ; far off in that now lorn and miserable Syrian village, and long sinco in tho dark back ward and abysnr- of two thousand years ago. Besides which, it would have been too immense a boon and prerogative to one gemmation only it tlioy had possessed the exclusive and infinite privilege of 'being with Jesus, of hearing and seeing, and their hands handling the Word of Life. But God is no respecter of persons. Tho gift'of the living Christ was not, intended onljr for the publican at Capernaum and the harlot of Magdala, tho ! Pharisee at Jerusalem, and the fishermen of Bethsaidla. God in Christ gave to all men, for all times thenceforth, if they, would receive it, , a still deeper and moro inestimable boon, which made it even expedient for them that Jesus Christ should go away — even the indwelling, abiding presence of tho Holy Ghost, the Comforter. That life of Christ on earth was a physical Presence ; this indwelling , of the Spirit in our hbarts is a spiritual presence. That was external contnct, this is inward union ; that was for a time, this is for over ; that was God-, with us, this, is God within us. In tliat Ho gave His own1 Son' to die for us, in this IIo gives the last best gift, the gift of His very Solf, as part of our spiritual being, to abide with us l'or -over and ever and for evermore. Yes ! ono unquestioned truth wo read. All doubt beyond, all fear above j Nor crackling pilo; nor cursing creed, Can burn or blot it— Uod i8 love ! 