Wollongong Presbyterian Church. ? : — ♦ ? INDUCTION OF THE REY. C. A. WHITE, B.A. On -Tuesday evening the Rev. O. 'A. White, lato of Windsor, was inducted into tho pastoral charge of the Wollongong Presbyterian Church in succession to the Into Rev. -Andrew Mackay, whose connection, after three years' service, was removed by tho hand of death on 22nd December, 1899. The pro ceedings commenced at half -past seven, in tho presence of a vety large gathering, ropresentive of tho whole of the Protostant denominations. Among tho clergymen present were Rovs. R. Inglis, M.A. (Nowra), R. Millar (Albion Park), J. Burgess (Kiama), J. Adams (Blayney), Lawrie (Bulli). An apology was received from Rev. R. M'Lennan (Berry). Messrs. M'Gill and John Richardson (elders) were also present. The service was conducted Dy tne lie v. R. Inglis, who preached a powerful sermon based on tho text ' ' For he was a good man, and full of the Holy Ghost' and faith, and much people were added unto the Lord.' — 11th chap. Acts, 24th verse. Rov. J. Burgess (presbytery clerk) related tho steps that led up to the meeting that evening, after which the solemn and impressive ceremony was proceeded with. The usual questions wero put to and answered ' by the minister-eloct and the congregation, tho Bov. Mr. White being then declared duly inducted into -tho charge of tho Wollongong Presbyterian Church. The members of tho Presbytery^ and of the session having givon tho newly- inductod Minister the 'Right hand of fellowship,' Rev. J. Lawrie dolivered the charge to the Minister and the congregation, _ Ad dressing the Rov. Mr. White, ho reminded him of tho responsibility of the position ho occupied in tho sight of God — of his duty to teach whero teaching was required ; to comfort where sorrow prevailed ; ever seeking the great end and aim of the Christian Ministry — the bringing of all men to Christ. In committing the charge of the Wollongong Presbyterian Church into Ids hands they commended him to God and His grace. To the congregation, the speaker reminded those present that a minister of the Gospel looked for sympathy just the same as another man. They must do their part, towards him and towards themselves as well. : If the union was to be successful thoy must, give the Minister their confidence. ' Leathern, work together, ever considering one another, and always earnest in prayer. Last evening the welcome tea meeting was held at tne Town- Hall, when there was a very largo attendance. A report of the proceedings will appear next issue. 