? M\% . Jiw^Hurt TIE OliTEAU ,. POST. (BrEtWARD B. HooraR.) j 'I can ht&' a nightingale, and— ha ! j ho said; 'my friend, this is curious !, Ib your mysterious light anything -like this ? Come and loek here. Qtiifk ? Monsieur le Marquis, who w-utcl bnve BCOrned to be anrprieed or flustered by $19 Day of Judgment, and if bin house wr© 00, fire would have perished in the games rather than briery pnt of tbe room soso Ioiefiwiy.coM.wft'^^.-laoti'89- t0 Ji^e _l-.J~m Tf liu hart t.hnnuht it, north hio while to notice the face of a specu lator in vineyard cropB, he wonld have Oastt ia p«Bfiint( Moasieat Arleton that the yonngjman'8 face was ashen grey to fibo lips, bnC' it never occurred to him to look at such a person. 'Tory strange indeed I' said the Matr. qoio, joining hia friend at the window ; ?? very remarkahle. That is not a light from this room; the, outtaina ate drawn in the Balle-^manger, bo it cannot come from there,' arid none of the bedrooms looking oub on th,ie side are occupied. Do yon care to borne and see where the light cornea from?' ' I should like to see very much ? ?? Would I -you. oare to joinuB, Monsieur Arleton ?' 'XnanKy,Q.u,,yeB,. ... .„ ._ Tho yoang man, atamtnered out his ao ceptanbe Wa tone of such obvious agita- | tion, that the two friends did him the honour to look at him and devote a portion of their time to work out in their minds =.the. conclusion that he was fright ened. i^Tha idea 'arflnsedrthem, at|d made tbe youth' for the first Unfe 'this~even- ing rather e desirable companion. It ib mnnil tn hn smneed. ' ' '. ' . ' The night, OB Monsieur, le Corate de Realier had taken the trouble to announce was an exqaipite one, The atmosphere was eo'tjlear that' stars and planets. shone down 08 if .'the land were Sptithernrlndm instead of Central France ; statues and trees were ontlined quite plainly in the eoft herb scented night air ; every sound aear or distant could, be heard as dis tinctly as ene'o own voica. The great lake in front of his Chateau lay dark but clearly oatlined ander the high flashing stars ; and on its surface, of ebony water almoot exaotly in the middle,., wafl one bright point o£ reflected light,, with a little gleaming tail ottaohed to it, nbioh ooved and ahone out and darkened again ? ?it- i.i_- _awm«ma«»-- Ap.fha f ninflv-rihTilfla water. And the front of the Chateau looking over the lake was qtiite dark, Soo, save that inthe top-most window of a tall tower one single light, condensed and powerful bb the: beam from aligbt bonfle lantern, shone down on to the \j7&t;&7- Tho throe men stood looking at it for a minute in sielnce bo profound that they could hear the hoot of an owl in a ' distant wood and the rustling of a faint night wind in the rushes on the lake bank.; Then the Maquis de Eaute poille murmured in a very low voice some words, whieh sounded like. « My poor Lonia ! My poor flbn !' His tone came near to expressing some feeling— «Bme, ia fact, floperilohsly near to it,: that he added aloud, in an airy and almost apologetic voice : , 'Ono gets quite superstitious after 1 spending a few months in the country, j Now, if anything has happened to ' Lonia to-night, or within b reasonable ' time of fco-aight— and he is in Central Africa, you know, where o good many Guings -can nopiiB' *« .? ?'»' — n'»« ™. otoiy there will be to make of thie I' , ' The light is a very strange one,' said the Comte de Realier, and to hiB inex pressible rage ho found that his voice was husky and Bhoefc a little. 'It is so i mooh more— Ab, God! Who is .' thBt?' - ' It is only Bertrand,' &a;\d tho Mar quis, with an inflection of saroastic laughter in1 hia voice, as the portly form of the steward appeared from among corns trees. 'Well, Bertrand, here's an I' nnfortunate business. My son is, I suppose, being cooked by Maoris or eatea without any such preliminaries by finara n-- nnnkflR. or something. , So,' Monsieur shrugged hie shoulders—' he he should have stayed at home, as I told him \''-.)\ . ' Has Monsieur any commands to give on the sabjeot V inquired the steward. : , ' Commands, my good Bertrand !' 'Would Monsieur le Marquis wish the turret-room to be examined ?' ?? 8o that I do not have to mount the stairs to the turret room, I am altogether ?i ' indifferent whethsr it is examino i or not,' ? J answered MpnBieur, with a laugh and o Hi prolonged shrug, i, i 'I had better go np,' said the steward ' You will understand/Monsieur, that it in not ghOBta which I have in my mind bo muoh as burglars. Unfortunately however, I cannot induce anyone to ac company me. If Monsieur le Marquis would issue his commands ? ' I will come come with you,' said the Oomto de Realier suddenly. He felt compelled to make the offer after that ohakeintho voice. 'It is nbsarb to ,d; climb bo' many stairs,' be added, apolo ,'! getically, ' but one one may be amused r,; at tho top, and that is worth macb.' The Marquis shrogged his shoulders for the third time, and then, with the endden recollection of young Arleton's presenco, turned towards him with a j polite bow and movement of hio hand int;matingtbatif he chose he might have ' the honour of accompanying Bertrand and ; Monsieur de Reolier on thoir visit to the family ghost. Seeing this motion, the two men wbo had turned to. depart stood still await ing for Arleton to join them. There was a brief pause, and tbe tnree persona wno weie now watching Arleton could see that he was shaking like a terrified child. 'If I might have the honour of stay ing with you, Monsieur/ he stammered at last, ' it would, be an opportunity of mentioning the little matter of busi ness.' Thn 'MVurnniR nVirncrfffid his shoulderB for the fourth time, on this occasion with a disdainful smile. The two others turned away again with a laugh, and moved rapidly across the open lawn to wards the house. At a call from the Marquis, however, they both turned their beads again, and in the faint Btarligbt could just see him standing by the water-side with Monsieur Arleton cIobb tohin?. : ' Ceme back to us here I be called after them. ' Throw the thing and its lantern out of the window if it is amni and if it is a ghost have a chat with it and get a little information about Lewis and the next world. Ask H, too, to icome down here. I should like to see ' t and cannot some np there. [To be Continued.] 