THE GENERAL SYNOD OF 1900. Between the first General Synod of the Church held in Jerusalem in a.d. 53 and the General or National Synod held in Sydney a.d. 1900, there are points of resemblance and of contrast that are of more than academic interest to members of the Church of England, especially at a time when earnest-minded men of light and leading are seeking to complete the organisation of the Church in Australia, with a view of consolidating its laws, and unifying and consequently increasing its influence. The suggested comparison brings out clearly the necessity of examining carefully the way on which the Church has travelled during the period intervening between a.d. 53 and a.d. 1900. The practice of the ancient Church is therefore cited, and perhaps rightly so, as a guide and example of what should be the aims and methods of the Church in this new land. It is clear that whatever action, is taken should be based, if possible, on apostolic example, modified by the altered circumstances and needs of the present day. ? The constitution of the Sydney Synod recalls the consti tution of the first Synod of Jerusalem, and also bears traces of the later developments of synodical law and practice. The simple gathering of the Church at Jeru salem gave place in later times to more complex organisa tions, to synods diocesan, provincial, national, general, and oecumenical. The Sydney Synod corresponding to the National Synod of early history. The first Synod was probably called by the Bishop to consider and decide a matter of special importance and urgency at the instance of the Diocesan Synod of Antioch. In the course of time, general synods were convened generally by the metropoli tans, but not infrequently by the head of the State— and this for State reasons — in the interests of peace and good order. The Jerusalem Synod consisted of 'apostles, elders, and the whole Church.' Later Synods consisted of the Bishops of the various provinces (who only had a votum decisivum), and presbyters, deacons, doctors of theology, abbots, and, in England at least, abbesses. The Sydney Synod consisted of two Houses— the House of Bishops and the House of Representatives, -which was composed of clergy and laity in equal numbers. The proceedings in Jerusalem were marked in their early stages by 'much disputation,' followed by weighty addresses from such leaders as St. Peter, St. Barnabas, St. Paul, and the Primate St. James, the debate being conducted with gravity, dignity, and Christian courtesy. Later Synods were also remarkable for 'much disputa tion,' to which, unhappily, were superadded mutual recriminations, accusations even of murder, and counter accusations, which duly reflected the temper of the age. The Sydney Synod was not without 'disputation,' but there were signs of a return to the dignity and courtesy of Apostolic debate. We have no record of the duration of the Jerusalem Synod — probably it lasted for some days. Later Synods lasted for months, and even years, during which period dioceses were left to their own devices. The Sydney Synod lasted about six working days, but the restlessness of the age was manifested throughout. The House of Bishops, and indeed the House of Representatives, appeared eager to get away — one to an induction, another to an important meeting, another to his merchandise. Towards the close of the session the House of Bishops num bered only five, instead of fourteen; the House of Representatives numbered about twenty-five out of a possible attendance of about two hundred and twenty-four. Not a little time was wasted in waiting for a quorum, and fortunately no one drew attention subsequently to ' the state of the House.' The decision of the Jerusalem Synod was unanimous : ' It pleased the Apostles, elders, and the whole Church.' It represented the will of the Holy Spirit. ' It seemed good to us and the Holy Ghost.' It was authoritative: 'Wherefore my sentence is,' &c.; The decisions of later Synods were various. They were not often unanimous, and when they were, they were not always correct. Not unfre quently they were contradictory, unscriptural, uncharitable, uncatholic, and when authoritative they were mischievous in proportion to the degree of their authority. General Councils 'may err, and have erred, even in matters pertaining to God.' The decisions of the Sydney Synod were tentative, and subject to review and ratification by diocesan synods or assemblies. Herein is a grievance felt by not a few, that the highest Council of the Church is without power to initiate and carry through the smallest matter of legislation. Like the Lambeth Conference, it can only counsel, suggest, or recommend. The subject, which was debated at length, and with ability, was remitted to the Diocesan Synods for an expression of opinion, is one of the utmost importance. The anomaly of a General Synod without real power is admitted, and should be corrected; but the danger of giving unchecked power to any body of men who meet once in five years for a few days only, to speak with authority in the name of the Church, and to make laws of which the average Churchman may never even have heard until he is called upon to obey them, should be carefully guarded. The subject should be approached in a devotional attitude, and guidance sought from above. 