SHOK-T STOJASf THE mm AT UAHOH'S. Fhw people, I think, oan ever have been impressed by the liveliness of little Killy meen, Bet in its nook among the lonesome mountain and moorland, its one humble street joining the nnolens of a sparse oabin sprinkling whioh strews white flocks on the far-sweeping green folds, hardly plentier man nauesones on a grass plot naif a sonny hour after a July thunder-storm. Yet to Bridge Doran, the girl who had lately taken servioe with the Uaseys up at tbe Quarry Farm, it seemed a centre ot fashion and gaiety, being, indeed, the moBt considerable place she had seen in all her seventeen years. For they had been spent np at Longhdramesk, a hamlet fully ten miles deeper among the wildest town-lands, with only a rough oart traok, threading a black bog, and olimbing endless shaggy elopes, and dropping over a purple mountain shonlder, to oonneot it with Uillymeen. She hud left behind there, three months ago, her feeble old grandfather and alert old grandmother, in a tiny, high-perohed oabin, whioh felt a world too wide for its other in dwelltrs, when tbis third of their liveB had gone. And sinoe then there had been muoh travelling of thoughts to and fro between it and the Cays' prim, whitewashed farm house at the foot of Slieve Glasarna. At first Bridget had made the journey as con stantly as her grandmother; bnt she was yonng and busy, and in a new plaoe, and as the weeks went on she beoame more pre occupied with what lay immediately before her. The Surree at Hahon's, fixed for a day in Christmas week, was the most exoiting of the iieeh. prospeots that unfolded themselves, and was looked forward to with much pleased interest by Klllymeen at large. There had been no surrees in the neigh bourhood during a long spell of bad times ; bnt this year matters were looking brighter, and old Barney Mahon, who had a thrifty turn and a oommodious kitohen, was encouraged to make a venture whioh pro - raised fair profits at a email riBk. For a ioree — whioh has, with quaint effect, bor rowed its name from polite Frenoh — is a sort of snbsoription dance, little more elaborate in its arrangements than are the kaleys, or conversaziones, that beguile bo many wintry hours in Donegal homes when all the dark out-of-doors hnrtleB and plashes witn wma ana rain, ana me neighbours drift into their planes round some appointed hearth as promiscuously as a wreath of dry leaves swept, rustling, together by an aerial eddy. At a eurree each oouple pay a shil ling, but no refreshment is expeoted save frugally-dispensed tea ; and the fiddler is oontent to sorape for a modest fee and his ohainoes of small coins from the danoers. Dark Hugh MoBvoy, being Barney's oousin, was willing to supply the music for this oooasionon specially easy terms; and, in seem desirable that Barney should meet the often expressed wishes of his younger friends by announcing the first suree of the season; It would be Bridget's first taste of any formal dissipation, and Bose Oasey, her master's niece, and Kate Duffy, his plough man's daughter, who lived in the yard, set her expectation on tiptoe extremely by their aooonnts of like entertainments. Kate and she were to go together, as it is the onstom to attend suneas in oouples. These often are formed of a colleen with the boy who is 'spaking* * to her, bnt often also a brother and sister make a pair, or any other two friends. Bose Oasey waa to marry Peter O'Donoghue at Shrovetide, so she woald, of coarse, go with him — a faot of whioh she made a little parade to Bridget, who felt, however, perfectly oontent with Kate's esoort. A sweetheart of her own would have seemed, indeed, an alarming possession; - Her mistress had advanoed her a shilling out of Iter qosjrter'e wages— a whole pound— and she had expended the sixpence left, after scouring her admission to the surree, upon a splendid red glass brooch, whioh made her think her equipment Terj oomplete. But just when everything seemed gliding most smoothly towards the delightful goal, an obstacle oropped up and threatened to overthrow all her plans with one disastrous jolt. On a certain frost-spangled morning the postman brought to Bridget a letter whose oontents Agreed with her wishes as ill as a dash of vinegar would have done with the thiok aream which she waa ohurn ing when the mail arrived. Her grand mother wrote to say tbat ' she thought bad of Biddy to be trampin' the long way her limn from Klllymeen to their plaoe, and that old Billy Molloy was slippin* over wid his pany and a gatherin' of eggs to the Maga more on next Thursday morning, and'ud give her a lift if she'd start along wid him when he would be goin1 baok. So Biddy had a right to ax lava of her mistress, and oome home wid ould Bill, who'd turn a bit ont of his way to piok her np ; and real flad they'd be to set eyes on her again.', 'ox Mrs Oasey had promised Biddy h«r ' ohoioe of three days in Christmas week to ?pend at home, dairy work being slack. Bridget had looked forward to the holiday with a glow of pleasure, and meant to take j it on the Friday, whioh would be Christmas Etc, and the day after tbe surree. Bnt her grandmebher'slnjurotion was not compatible with this arrangement. ' Sure, I'd miaa all the fun and everythin' if 1 took off and went wid ould Bill. I wish he and his baste of an ugly skewbald 'ud keep themselves ont of bother' when they aren't wanted,' she said, half-crying, to her friends Boee and Kate, as she showed rtiftni the letter in the kitchen. ' Musha, good .gracious I' said Boee. Ton wouldn't ever think of going f Just bid the ould man step along wid himself, and say you'll oome on Friday.' ' But me grandmother 'd be rale vazed if I done that, and he after going out of his road to call for me,' said Bridget, doubt fully. \- Well, then,' said Kate. ' you might write and tell her not to send him. fhis is on'y Tuesday j there's plenty ot time ; and I've a stamp in me box this long while you're welcome to* ?' ' Ay, to be sure,' said Boee : ' and say me aunt cant spare you oonvanioni aiore Friday.' ' But,' saidBridget, looking disconcerted, 'I'm after sending hsr word be Judy Blynn that I'd got lave to oome any day at all this weeks* 'Oh, botheration to it!' said Bose. ' Then say you're too bad wid a could, and couldn't be thr&velling; that far. Bedad, I heard you ooughing this morning fit to fall in pieces like a head of the witherdy geranium there.' Morebetoken the red one in the windy oorner's dkropping itself into the pan of buttermilk where you've set it, you'd better be movin' it out of that.' 'I have a- heavy oould on me, sue enough,' said Bridget, ooughing to oonvinee herself; but ' her disooncertea expression ' remained, andshe fidgeted about uneasily. ' For the matter ol writing1— she ? said— ' you see the time I was gstting me sohoolln* I did be mostly the sheep— and I oan make some aoct of An offer at the read ing, if it's, wrote pretty big— bnt writing oneself is auaunigglety work.' ' Mercy on ns, girl alive, if that's all ails yon, 111 write a letter for yon mesell in a minuit and a half,' said Base, with alaorlty. ' Bedad will I. Snre, I've wrote to Peter times and again, when he was stopping away at AKanohester. So don't bother yonr head about it; lave the regulation of it all w DM. J. Y6 pilUw/ OK jwpw uuwif c»uu Kate 'ill give ber stamp.' Bridget agreed to this plan, though not without some qualms of oonsoienoe, whioh made her refrain guiltily from inquiring about the details of its execution, thereby giTing Sow * tat Jusd, ol wtoiali sho availed herself without muoh soraple. She had an imaginative turn of mind, and a taste for fiotion, so her story grew under her soratohing pen, until in the end she pro- ' dnoed a letter purporting to oome not from Bridget, but from herself, and describing j Bridget's indisposition as not a simple cold, but an attaok of plussery-newmonev. This formidable complaint would binder her from returning with Bill Holloy. ' But she'll | oome,' wrote Bose, ' as soon as ever she's able. And tbat won't be afore Friday, anyway, u sue overs it at all.' The last clause struok her as giving an effective completeness to the composition, and she read it over with a complacency whioh did not take into aooonnt how it might be spelled out in the bleak little hillside cabin oft away at Loughdrumesk. The evening of the surree arrived in due course, and with it a flutter of snow, swirling on rough and nnruly blasts. Silver- white threads and stitehes had begun to embroider the purple folds of Slieve Glasarna before the mists descended muff ling and blurring ; and tbe paths orunched crisply under brogues, and made oold clutohes at bare feet by the time that the neighbours were approaohing Barney Mahon's door. Thev remarked to one another that it was hardy weather, and added that they wore apt to have it severe, whioh is some degrees worse than hardy. Few people, however, had been daunted into staying at home, and there was much shaking of powder flakes ont of shawl-folds and off rough coat -sleeves at the entrauoe to Barney's dusiily.fllokering room. When Bose and Kate and Bridget got there, whioh they did as jon as ever tbey oould finish ' reading np' after tea, moBt of the oompany had assembled, and danoing was about to begin. Bose s temper was somewhat ruffled because Peter O'Donoghue had not kept his promise of ooming to esoort her. But his sisters now hastened to explain how be had been delayed by the sudden illness of their oall. ' Howaneer, the baste was ooming round finely when they left,' they reported, and Fetor would be after them in no time. So his fiancie was appeased, and contented herself provision ally with Larry Sullivan for a partner. ' f ail, now, it's only an odd turn the rest of us boys gets wid you these times,' he said to her gallantly, as the fiddler struck up. ' Ne'er a ohanoe we have at all, unifies when the luok keeps him that's luckier away.' Do not suppose that the surree danoed jigs. Later on in the evening a oouple might stand np and perform one while the others were recoveri&ir; their hreath : but at the outset it was a vigorous round dance that began to gyrate with a step whioh, though perhaps not recognised in any aoademy, kept time to Hugh's music with mneh aoouracy, and made light of the difficulties opposed by an uneven mud floor. The orookery on the dresser jingled merrily to the rhythmioal beat of their feet, and each pair ot bobbing heads that pasBed in front of it might be seen to make an abrupt dip down and up again. This was caused by an unusually deep hollow whioh occurred in that part of the floor, and Barney Mahon, looking on with the elders bom their oirole round the hearth, observed it, and said, ' Begob, I must see to having that houle filled np before next time, or else somebody 'ill be tripping np in it, and getting a quare toss.' The other speotators sat well content with their share of the entertainment. Pnn gently-pnffing cuttie pipes solaced the men, and the women kept their knitting needles twinkling; in faot, they would almost as soon have left off breathing by way of rest and relaxation. For further amusement they had the affairs of the oonntry-side to disooss, enlivened with an oooasloaal aneodote or riddle' Dan Gollgher had just propounded one of the latter, whioh success, fully pnasled everybody who had not heard it before— ' A brown lough Wid a white stand, Sorra the ship could «?-! round it, Bnt I oould hold it in me hand ' ; and he was triumphantly explaining, ' Sure, a cup of tay,' when two people oame bolting in at the door, whioh they forthwith began to secure behind them, as eagerly as if they were shutting out some deadly peril. They said nothing, bnt their speechless hurry was more suggestive than words ' Whethen now, Peter O'Donoghue and Ned Kinsella, what's took you at all to be ftounoing in on the people that a-way f ' said Barney Mahon, somewhat affronted at their nnoeremonions entrance end dealings with his fastenings and furniture. ' That's a great ould slamming of the door yon have — and what for would ye be jamming the benoh again it, unless you're intending the next body that oomes through it to be breaking his *^'n0 (' ' Troth, I only hope it may — and its neck, too— between us and harm — if it's offering to oome in on us — I do so,' said Peter O'Donoghue, panting. He left hisoomrade to finish barricading the door, and poshed himself further into the room, until several gronps interposed between him and the dangerous point. ' After us it may be this minyit of time,' he said. 'Ooh, but that was the quare fright I got— tbe saints look down upon ns this night.' .' It's herself below at the ould gate to night/ said Ned Kinsella, who was calmer than Peter, thongh evidently muoh alarmed. ? Aud morebetoken it's not inside she is this night, bnt sitting orouohed up an the bank be the path' And the grab she made at Petar going by; indeed, I thought he'd never get his coat tail wrenohed ont of her ould hand.' ' It might as well have been caught in a rat trap the way she held on,* said Peter. ' I give yon me word, me hair's standing on end yet, fit to rise me hat off the roof ,of me head, what wid that and the onnathural screeohes she let — I wonder you didn't bear tnem nere. Ana it's my beliel she set off legging after ui— goodness preserve us 1 only I was afraid of me life to, look round and see.' These tidings spread general oonsternation among the oompany, as, under the oironm atanoes, they well might do. For only a few hundred yards down the loaning lay an ancient burying ground, with ita ruined chapel and weed entangled tombstones, a a place whose ghostly reputation had long been established at Klllymeen. In parti' onlar the wraith of a little old woman was often to be seen of an evening peering out through the rusty gate bats, and sometimes stretching forth a fearsome hand to pluck at the unwary passer-by. But her appearance out on the roadside was a new development, and one whioh made Peter and Ned's report unpleasant hearing 'for people who would Eresentbr be obliged to take that route ome. The dance oame to a standstill, and in its stead a aeries of dismal ghost-stories began to oirole round the room. Perhaps the most gruesome of them was Niok Oarolan's.. He related how he had onoe lived in a plaoe where there was in the middle of the yard a deep well, out of whioh on certain moonlit nights s dark figure would emerge, and go gliding round and round it, m&Jring; a wider and wider oirouit, until she reaohea the house, at whose door she gapped loudly as die passed by. And whenever that happened there would be a death in the family before the twelvemonth was ont, as sure as fata. A general shudder followed this denouement* and old Mrs. Linden made a particular application of it by remarking gloomily that it was a poor ease to have the likes of suoh orathnrs about ; but Mrs Coleman, a comely matron, who continued to sit by the Are unperturbed, said placidly, in a pause, 'Sorra a bit of harm there is in it this night, I'm a.thwkin*. It the lads seen any thin', ifs apt to ha' just been some poor body after mfaring her way in the snow.' ' Troth and bedad, then it was the quare I body altogether,' Peter asseverated, ' and ? th hair ot th« head, u X yon, bristling straight wid the dhreal of her tbe first minyit I oome nigh the plaoe.' ' Ah, snre, some people's as ready at that as a dog at cooking his ears,' said Joey Nolan. ' Maybe we'd a right to go look is there e'er a one in it. Some orathur might be straying about perishing, and it snowing again as thiok as sheep's wool.' ' Begor, yon won't persuade me to go fooling along wid you, ' said Peter ; ' I couldn't be getting me heels ont of it fast enongh. May the saints have me sowl, but I thought I d lose me life afore ever I landed inside — and here I'll stop. Nobody neea De axin me, ror ami a tut 1 11 stir. ' Good people are scarce,' Joe observed, sarcastically ; but Peter went on in a bclf oomplaoent tone . ' One while it '11 be atore I'm the better of that frightening I £ot. Every mortal bit of me iu a thrimble wid it yet.' ' Musha then, you gaby, oau't yon whisht about it, instead of to bo telling everybody the sort of ould polthroon you are P' Bose Casey whispered to him fierosly, ready to cry with mortification as she saw significant smiles passing round at the expense of her happily unoonsoious betrothed. As she spoke the door resounded with a heavy thump, whioh made those who were standing next to it hop baok with a soaroely dignified haste. Some of them tried to oarry it off by pretending that thov were merely getting out of one another's way, while some shrieked unfeiirnedLv. and above all ejaculations rose Peter O'Dbnoghue's voioe, shrill with undisaembled terror, saying : ' Oh, to goodness, don't open it for your lives. Bun that other form again it, you that are widin raich. Meroy be among us, she's apt to have ns all destroyed.' ' Arrah now, will yon be letting us in oat of that, yon jaokasses, yon?' shouted a voioe reassuringly familiar and irate. It was young Larry Sullivan, who had slipped 1 out through the baok door a few minutes before, and whose impatienoe at being kept waiting had nothing snpernatnral about it. Despite Peter's remonefrancos, the door was thrown open, aud disolosed Larry standing tall against a baok- ground of glimmering white, in a gloom whioh, when you looked into it anywhere steadily, grew full of wandering fiakee like scattered breadcrumbs. Beside him appeared a smaller figure, whom he pulled indoors along with him, before anrbody well had time ior terrific surmises, and whom the firelight showed to be a little old woman wrapped up in a powdered brown shawl. She was breathless and bewildered and forlorn-looking, as she peered round from faoe to faoe, all strange, all oomfortless —but no ; for the moment Bridget Doran set eyes on her she sprang at her and caught her in a great hng : ' Why, granny, darlint, and is it yourself ?' she said. ' And how at all did you come this night in tbe snow f It's kilt you are entirely. Ton oan't ever ha' oome wid ould Bill Holloy f ' Ah, honey, I thramped it,' said old Mrs Doran. ' Sure 1 couldn't rest aiey thinking me little Biddy was took that bad away all her lone among the strange people. But finely you're looking, glory be to goodness. 'Dnfld. Tin or mp IiaapPs haon fif U hpcalr fretting ever sinoe I got the letter this morning, saying that belike you wouldn't over it.' ' And I to be danoing round like a zany betwitched, and you all the white streeling through the snow,' said Bridget, with aoute remorse. ' It's sorry I am I let anybody send you suoh owld lies. 'Buf — looking indignantly at Bobc — 'I only said to say that I had a could.' ' And I lost me way in the dark,' went on Mrs Doran, plaintively, 4 and what at all I'dliavedone, Idunno, only for the daoint boy coming ; for nought else the other two 'ud do bnt let yells at me, and run away like seared turkeys.' ' Creeping along under the high bank she was, the orathur, when I met her,* Larry meanwhile was telling the others, 'and soaroe able to oontind wid the blasts of the win'. And sec she to me : ' For the love of God just stop to toll me am I anywheres near the Casey's house*' And eez I te her : ' Is the Quarry Farm you're wanting I' and eez she to me, ' Ay, it^e where znc poor Katey's little daughter, Bridget Doran is in service, and dying wid some manner of out landish eioknesB ; it is to her I am going,' bcz she. So sea 1 to her, ' If it was Bridget Doran she was wanting, I'd Been the girl three minyits ago, and ne'er a sign of dying on her whatsomever,' and I just brought her along here. It is perished and stupid the crathnr is wid the oonld. You'd a right to get her a oup of hot tay, and a warm at the fire,' oonoladed Larry, there upon bestirring himsell to superintend the oarrying out of this prescription. And a little later he prompted his mother to offer Mrs Doran a night's lodgings at their houBe close by, thus entailing npon themselves more hospitality than they had foreseen. For of the Surree at Mahon's all's well that ends well oould not quite be said, as some of the guests were disposed to say £rematurelv when the assembly was break tg up. To begin with, old Mrs Doran had caught a very bad ohill during her snowy wanderings, and now had a severe illneBt whioh endangered her life, and obliged Bridget to ]»y many an anxious and consdenoe-Btnoken hour as a fee for her deoeptive letter, while a difference whioh she had next morning with Bose Casey abont the unauthorised mendacity of its oontents led to a permanent eoollng down of their friendship. Moreover, Bose, on the very same day, spoke in such eoathing terms to Peter O'Donoghue with reference to his panio on the night before, that even his impenetrable self-satisfaction was touohed, and a violent falling ont ensued. The consequence was that no wedding took place at Shrovetide; and the last time t had news from Killymeen ' there was no talk of it at all,' so the breach may be con sidered final. In faot, it is commonly sup posed that he has some notion of transferring nis attentions to Bridget Doran. But I happen to know that the only one among the boys she thinks of is Larry Sullivan, whom she always remembers gratefully as the resoner of her grandmother. Whereas, if Larry fancies anyone, it is Kate Duffy, Whenoe it appoars that apme rather oom plicated oroBS-corrents in the stream of life flowing through Killymeen have started from tula Surree at Mahon's. 