(A. Saratli Kumar Oha?h, In the "Daily KxprrBS,'' July 13.) At this moment, from the banks of the Go da very to the waters'of the SutJedj, nil India is n deport. Sixty millions of peo ple, as large n number as would twice 1111 ■England and Wales, are raked with the •paiiKs of hunger; six millions would (lie to-morrow hut for a handful of rice. How >mah3f more have passed away beyond the Ttvrich of human aid, no man can tell. In ,Central India the afllictJon is the deepest. The fields are void and barren, and with out people. The cracked earth, burnt to a mahogany- brown, shrieks for rain. Not a patch of green anywhere, not a blade of grass. The leaves of the lives, with ered, frizzled, twisted, have fallen oft! the naked branches. In entire villages not a living soul can be.seen, save, perhaps, an emaciated bullock breathing out its life,in the company of a starving craw, that watches for its last gasp from nn adja- [ cent dung-heap. Half the population, those still able to walk or stand, have gone off to the relief camps; the other half have laid themselves down to die in sil ence In hovels and dark places. The, scenes In the camp are grim and tragic, From one thousand to five thou sand are gathered together in different places—a multitude of sldn and bones, and hollow, glassy eyes. The flesh on any of them would not cover tlm body of an average English babe. Their emaciated faces bear the expression of abysmal dc pair, Intensified a hundredfold by con trast with the look of in tel 11 genre and even of refinement in thotx: not so far gone in starvation. Tattle children. who have coins? with their mothers into the camp, stand with large lufc'lrek’SH 'eyes, watching the hungry, mangy cur.**.'that, too, have followed In the wake of the population—and they fight with the cur? to snatch a hnlf-eaion crust. The usual labor in the ramp is breaking stones; the pay, an anna (penny) a day. A largo heap, comprising a dozen big rocks, the largest half a hundred weight, is a man’s allotted task; n leaser heap, a woman’s ; half a man's heap is a child’s,. And these stones have to bo broken up so small as, to make macadam roads. . A traveller wan passing by the camp, a sturdy young Englishman. He noticed a man sitting before his unbroken heap, with his arms thrown dejectedly over hi? knees. A few yards off was a girl of eight, ' Ineffectually tapping a cobble stone with a small mallet. The traveller took in the situation, and asked the man for bin hammer. The half-starved rren tin'o’s hands trembled weakly in merely raising the hammer, and the young Eng lishman, athlete though he was, essayed a dozen vigorous blows before he oould split the rock. Rut he stayed an hour, and broke up the man’s heap and the girl’s. And now a new terror was added to the sufferings of the multitude. So far they had water to drink; now the shallow wells, dug with spades and mattocks, haxl yielded up their last drop. The camp had no scientific apparatus for boring deep ar tesian wells. And the heat was terrific ; IDO deg. in the sun. The sun was a ball of lira in a sky of copper. The thirsty mul titude gassed upwards with lolling tonr gties, but saw not a rain-cloud anywhere. Maddened with unutterable pain, they broke forth in search of water. In a body they deserted the camp. Hunger was bad; thirst a thousand times worse. Far across the fields they roamed in groups of tens and twenties. At last a cry of joy was heard; it came from a party malt ing towards a clump of trees and low bushes. All within ear-shot rushed that way. In the centre of the Httlo jungle was a stagnant pool—the remains of last year's rains, protected from the fierce sun by the overhanging trees and tall bam boo reeds; But the water was a yellow ish green, covered with a threefold, layer of rotting leaves. It was .all alive with living!’creeping things, and buzzing with blue-winged filcSi Into this the multitude east themselves, and lapped up the water greedily with their tongues. That night cholera broke out in the camp—"black.cholera,” that-tortures its victims with untold agonies before releas ing them by death. Its only mercy is that it is so short; sometimes three hours, ut most six. That night the multitude laid themselves down by the roadside. Most of them were in bare loin cloths; here and there one lay shrouded in a white sheet like a silent ghost. The heat was 110 in the shade.- and this at night. The unwind ing moon shone alike upon- dead and dy ing. Not a breath of wind stirred the dust-motes that hung in the air like painted spots against a painted sky. Af ter a while the English doctor came. He felt a pulse here, examined a distended eyeball there, shook his head in silence, and passed on. Only a few received’a dose from the black bottles his assistant carried. The others awaited their turn some lying still In' callous apathy, some struggling* up with feverish eyes, to read; their doom in the doctor’s face. Suddenly a low moan was heard In the palpitating stillness—from some poor wretch who .had read his death .warrant. The effect was instantaneous. The cry passed from, mouth to mouth. Eleven hundred moans shook the hot air, eleven hundred cowering forms swayed from side to side"in agonising terror. It was black despair and panic now. A sudden panic, appalling in its intensity. The eleven hundred rose up, all but the dead, and fled into the night—some tottering and falling, rising again in vain effort, then cast prone upon the earth—some reeling like drunken men, helping each other with locked hands, like the blind leading the blind. But all fled Into the jungle, the white, .pitiless moon shining upon the huddled heaps that marked the fugitives’ flight along the fields. And there was none to bury them or burn But from afar off there arose an omin ous sound—hoarse screeches and flapping wings. It was a flock of vultures, starve Ing, fierce, fighting one another with claw and talon to got down first to do their horrid work. r\ This was done in the green wood: what shall it be' said of the dry? Who shall speak of the pains of those who remained in the village? Respectable women, veil ed from the eyes of men, who to dig were not able,.'and to bog were ashamed! And when'the hot, sleepless night came, upon, thQ men, they had at least! the road\yay to lie upon. But what of the unseen wo men who panted beneath low,- flat roofs and red brick walls? And what of the •children?—for where the women are, there are the children also. 