[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] THE BEAl'TJFUL MRS. LEACH. By WINIFRED GRAHAM, Author of "A Rtrangi; Solution," " The Star Chilil." .'Meicsi.i," '? When flio Birds Begin to SiiiL:." .'Til'- Grout House ol C.istk-Um."' etc., etc. CHAPTER II. TIIK ISND UF Tin: HI:I;INXIXO. nisun.u WHS naciiii; up ;uiu down her luxuriously furnished boudoir, as captured animals ;tie wont to {tlace their cayes. In her hand she held a telegram. which every now and agmn she opened to re-read. She had only been a few weeks in lior new home, for the debghts of ii>e continental honeymoon were prolonged by mutual consent. Hie day was closing in, ami she paused a moment by the window to watch the twilight creeping over '.he country. How quiet the gardens looked, silent ami uneventful, wrapt ill a shadowy gloom. Suddenly, conscious of a dark figure behind her, Cristina turned with a little cry of fear. "Oh Hetty, why do you creep about in those horrid india-rubber shoes ( You nearly frightened me to death.'' The old servant, who had petted Edward Leach from babyhood, and insisted upon ?making a factor in his new home,', smiled somewhat grimly at Cristina's alatni. ' 'Your pardon, ma'am, and did you take me for a ghost she qi.cried. "Yes, I have a childish tenor of bogies still." confessed the youmr bride, in a con fiding tone, which had won Betty's heart from the first. "I iind myself still peeping into dark cornc-rs for the creepy-crawley things. Do try ami force th"se dear old feet of yours into high clattering heels." Cristina laid her long white bind on the ?woman's shoulder, fingers literally glittering -with jewels. Betty scanned the "marble-like face through her glasses, and shook her head. "It s your nerves, she declared, adopting the familiar tone of a piivileged retainer. "I dcei't think you look near as well as when you came back. But there, what else can "one expect for those who take up with married life ?" Cristina snatched away her hand indig nantly. "I am quite well," she retorted with em phasis. "and as to nerves, I don't possess such tilings-when people wear proper shoes.' "I came in, continued Betty, ignoring the remark, "to .?-ee if the shutters were closed ; you'd like the lamps now, wouldn't you "Oh, yes. Everything must look briaht and cheerful this evening, to welcome my father 011 his first vis;:. But tell James to leave the right hand shutter open that 1 may see the carriage lights coming up the drive. Do yc-u know where Mr. Leach is ?" "In the stanles, ma'am. Lor' bless you, it wouldn't be Mr. Eddie if he wasn't in* the stables. From a little fellow in frocks he -was always cite for horses. The folks used to call him 'Young Harum Scarum.' " Cristina laughed softly, and her beautiful eyes kindled. She always encouraged old lietty to talk of Edward, and showed the deepest intf::;-;:i in the smallest anecdote con cerning her treasured husband. "That means ??>. haro-brained person who scares quiet folk." she said. "1 feel rather like that myself to-night, and shall I tell you why ; It is to be at! evening of rejoicing-of re-unions-of family happiness ; for my brother, whom 1 have not seen since I left Australia, is coming with father. I had this telegram not hall' an hour ago to say lie ar rived in London last night.'' "Ah : that s good hearing. They'll come come by the live o'clock uain. I suppose !" '\No. 3Ir. .Morrow is staving with friends, about tell miles oil', and my brother went there this morning : they wiil drive over. Have you seen all my arrangements. Betty ! I've packed the house fuli of flowers to make " it. look festive. It smells liUe it wedding, doesn't it Cristina buried lie" face in a great Queen Anne bow] of lilie> a wedding present vase set in a massive trellis work with golden boughs of cherries wound io>.:nd it in fes ioons. "The table for to-nigl.r " she continued, gleefully, "is a perfect dream ! 1 arranged it with my own hands, much to the disgust of .lames, v.-hu thinks his decorations highly artistic. Go and look, Butty. Turn on the electric light, and you will see the little colored lamps giitter our from the flowers and leaves like Aladdin's jewuLs in the fairy garden." As Cristi'la «.»< fi!k::»g a <"<.?_> in the h>il reached her en-... Khe swept just !'»etty. and with a cheerful. "Is that yon, Ted ?" slipped her ami through her husband's, and led him into the lire. "You've been away from me for half an hour," she said, perching herself on the arm of his cliair.and kis-.ing him fondly. "I have been ever-ever so dull without you.'' Ho. liung his anus round hei, and held her closely, while Betty, pausing in the doorway, murmured a fervent "God bless them !" be fore carrying the story of their devotion back to the servants' hail. "It's just beautiful to dee 'em together,'" she said, raising her hands and her eyes with pious enthusiasm. "For all hhe looks so proud, there's no hoity- toity about her." Cristina, with glowing eyes, spread nut her telegram 011 Edward's knee. "1 am so glad, dearest,'1 he said, reading the contents, "it will seem strange to your brother to tind you married, and 1 shall be delighted to meet him, you may be sure." She knelt 011 the hearthrug with the fire light playing 011 her face. "When I was in London tiio other day," she said, "I bought you a little present, but was afraid you might think it silly. You know I am rather superstitious, and this is a charm which I want you always to keep in your pocket -for my sake." She handed him an envelope. He opened it curiously, drawing out a small gold chain and dangling from it a fair-sized ruby, clasped by a gold claw. Cristina swung it backwards and forwards in the firelight, "Look at the colors," she said. "A ruby ?was supposed, you know, by the alchemists, to prolong life indefinitely." She kissed the jewel with a theatrical little gesture and held it out to him. "Take from my hands the Elixir of Life." then quoted in a soft, purr ing voice : " 'He that has oncc the flower of the sun, the perfect ruby which we call Elixir, can confer honor, love, respect, long life, give safety, valor, yea and victory, to whom lie will.' "What a sweet child it is !" exclaimed the ntiin, taking hi* wife's face between his hands. "But yoa are "the liower of the sun,' and your lips :ny elixir of life. Still, J. shall treasure the ruby, darling, and never let ifc out of my keeping." Hedropped thycharm back in the envelope, on which was written, "To Ted, from his adoring wife." and put both in his pocket to gether. "They ought to be here directly," looking at his watch. "Not just. yet. You ⅇ, they aren't com ing by train, as I recently explained to the Sack-worm." "I can't think why you have given poor Betty such a nasty name," he said, laughing. "I am a bit of a biologist," replied Cris tina, "and she makes me think of a Sack worm. It was quite fuini3' to-day . I went out in the garden without a hat, and that poor old thing camc running after me, the ?white strings of her cap flying in the wind. She muffled me round ir. an enormous shawl, which I discarded the moment I was out of sight. I left it jn a seat in the shrubbery. Oh, how dreadful of me ! The poor Sack worm's best shawl too !? 7 must fly and fetch it before she discovers. The dew is falling. I might lmve left it thcrj all night; how lucky I remembered." Cristina ran to the garden door, followed by Bounce, Edward's Irish terrier, who had been sleeping on the hearthrug, curled round against her gown. She picked up her trail ing skirts, revealing a pair of dainty beaded shoes and thin open-work stockings. "You can't go out in those Jjttle slippers," cried Edward ; "besides it is dark a.nd cold. Let me fetch the shawl." "HoT- good of you, dear!" replied Cris tina. "I would send one of the servants, but I don't want Betty to know..'* She snatched Bounce up in her arms, watching her husband vanish in the gloom. Bounce struggled to free himself, anxious to be after his 'master, but Cristina held him firmly. , . Then she railed to Betty, "I wish you would shut Bounce up in your room, my father has such a dislike to dx>gs." Bounce was a great favorite with old Betty,who bore hiui away good-naturedly. Cristina followed to make sure the dear dog was all right, and stood for a time talking to Betty on the threshold of her snug sitcing rnnm. After this she returned to the bou- j ' - - w crown the great mass of flaming coal, drawing forward chairs in readiness for her guests. Tlie wind was rising outside, and as she listened for the carriage wheels, she could hear the frees riiribng and sighing, while the waiting round I lie house seemed to Cristina like a creature in pain, beiding itself against the window. 8lie stood with one elbow on the mantel piece, and 0110 foot on the fender, waiting waiting. Presently the long-expected sound broke on her ears, the crunch -of wheels over the giavel, and the clatter of a horse's hoofs. A half-trembling sigh as of suppressed ex citement broke frnn her lips, she ran out into the hall, while the boll was still pealing. Hie wind rushed in with the opening of the door, stirring her laces. She could hear her father's voice saying : "W e haven't brought a man. Would you send to to the stables for someone to take the horse Two ligures sprang down from a high dog cart to the steps, and a moment later Cris tina was greeting her relatives with hearty hand-shako;; and aii'eeriouate kisses. "How splendid to see you again, Albert!" she cried, looking up at the tall dark brother, who appeared somewhat confused by the warmth of her grueling. "You should have eonie back earlier in time for my wedding but better late than never, so I'll give you my blessing. And how is the poor old dad ?"' (I.elpiiig him off with his overcoat., in spite of the footman's outstretched hands.) Get ting over the loss of his little Oris V' "By degress, my dear, by degrees ; 1 am am not as youni; as 1 was, and can't lie hurried, 'Many daughters hare done vir tuously,' you know the ol i saying, 'but thou excellest them all !' A mail doesn't lose his right hand for nothing, lie needs to practise doing without it. But where is Edward ?" "Oh, he'll be here in a minute. Ted !" she eailed, "Ted 1 Have you come in ?' No answer. "Never mind. I long fm a little ci.sy ehat over the tire with you and Albert. What a hit we shall have to talk about after our long separation." She took herfather by onehand and Albert by the other, in order to show them the way. "This is my boudoir." she was saying, when a strange sound caught her ear, and she paused, a wondering expression on ner face. "What i\as that ?" It seemed as if someone had rushed wildly up the steps and fallen heavily against the hall door ; yet for a moment all was still. John and Albert Morrow stood listening with Cristina between them. Then, before cither spoke, the bell pealed furiously, two hands weie beating on the door, and a voice c ied, "Help in loud despairing accents. The butler and two footmen came hurrying forward in answer to these signals of distress* but Cristiua was before them. Her eyes alight, with courage, her face flushed by sur prise, she fiunt; back the massive door. A mail staggered in, white to the lips and hat less, unable to speak from running, and dizzy with some nameless terror. He looked at them each in turn, panting, shiverin", dazed ! "Who is it?" whispered Albert. "Millard, the gardener. He must bemad," replied Cristina, shrinking back, "or," struck by a fresh idea, "something may have hap pened." She moved quickly to his side, a sudden fear seizing her, and putting her hands on his shoulders sho-ik the quaking figure standing speechless in their midst, "What's the matter ?-Spoilt man, can't you, for God's sake ?" Her voice broke off as the one awful word, "Death fell fivin his lips. "Death ! Death he cried, "and murder aye, murder.' Down there in the shrub bery," pointing through the open door into the dark, ivindy night. "They've killed him dead-the master-the master-and 1 tumbled-aye. tumbled-over his poor body ag'in the seat.'" A sharp, shrill scream stirred the air, re echoing again and again with blood- curdling distinctness through the hall-a scream which brought men and women running to the spot, some huddling in little groups away from the central figure of tragedy, others with out stretched arms ready to support their grief stricken mistress. But she pushed them all aside, and, grasping her father by the hand, dragged him out through the open door. "Come ! Comeshe gasped in short hysterical aeeents. "It", cin'i be true ; we I must see-see for ourselves. I Wuii i, believe it until I seu.'" Tile lioiicehold followed, hurrying hither and thither, while Cristiuu's agonised cries still pierced the gloom. Old Millard, the gardener, grew calmer as the general confusion increased. He panted out an explanation to tfre'butler. "I raised an alarm at the stables first on my way up to the house. I shouted to the fallows vgh loud i-noiigh to split mv hings, j j eoiild see iiothiii but the masto s «li,: i -.ce and the blood on the ground. They an. I bringing 'im back now. but I c.uue on ahead i : to break it gently-like tc the poor lady. She'll take it hard, you'll see ; she'll take'it , hard. The police and the doctor will be 1 here in a minute, for Jim was off on his J bicycle before the word 'murder' had scarce passed my lips. The scoundrel ca:i't 'ave got far-curse 'im-who stuck a knife into the best heart beating." The old man burst into tours, but the sound of his sobbing was carried away by the : wijid, which droned its doleful dirge through j the shrubbery trees. CHAPTER III. Bp. or out HOME. The village being close by, tho bicycle herald reached the police station a few minutes af-cr Millard gave tho alarm. The chief inspector was startled by the energetic young stableman rushing into the office with the startling assertion that Mr. Leach had been murdered, so short a time back that the body was still warm, and the as sassin could not yet have escaped from the neighborhood. Inspector Gudmpre was a sharp man, and the word ''murder" fell on his ears with a pleasureable sound. There had been so littlo crime during the past few years that inac tivity whetted his appetite, and made him hungry for the missing food. Giving his men swift ordors to scour the surrounding country, he went hurriedly to the scene Vif the disaster, arriving simul taneously with the doctor, whom another messenger had fetchod. ]$o clue or sign of any kind remained on the spot where. Edward Leach fell, only the blood lay still damp upon the autumn leaves. x!ut further on, investigation showed large footprints as of a henvily-booted man, crossing from the murder spot to the highroad beyond. These big bootmarks could only be seen where the autumn leaves were swept in heaps, and the path, low-lying, near a small stream, becamo boggy under foot. The body had been carried straight into Cristina's boudoir, and laid upon her sofa. Between the shoulders a deep wound, in flicted by some sharp instrument, showed that the unfortunate man had been attacked from behind. His watch was missing, .-.nd some loose money from his breast pocket, but not the ruby given to him by Cristina's loving hands less than an hour ago. As the searchers put tho envelope aside, in which the little jewel lay concealed, her fond inscription met. many a sympathetic eye. How she had adored him ! What would her life be now-this poor distracted woman, who crept to his aiao, y/ith eyes staring and vacant, limbs trembling, arid face ashen. Her father tried to keep her back, but she resisted all his efforts. "Cristina, my darling child," he mur mured, feebly, "don't oottje here.; it's-it's too hard for you, beyond all bearing. Later on you shall see him ; but not yet-not yet'' She waved the old man back with un faltering determination, passed blindly by doctors, police and awed attendants, till she was face to face with the lifeless body. Un supported she stood, a pathetic figure, calm at last, watching her loved one in stony grief. The f£gpector, book in hand, moved aside to make way for her, and whispored to Mr. Morrow, junr., "I should be glad to ask Mrs. Leach a few questions later on, if she is able to answer them." Cristina's sharp ears caught the words. She turned to him eagerly. "Anything," she gasped; "ask me any thing. I am calm lioi?. can't you see ! Quite calm" and I want to help you,'' Ilsr protestations of calmness were con tradicted by the sudden twitching of her lips, as she continued .; "We must catch the villain or villains who have done this thing. Spare no time-no money : only givo me the murderer, that I may see him delivered up to justice. Heaven will not let the man escape who has com mitted so dastardly a crime." The words came stumbling out in hot con fusion, She staggered, and would have fallen but for Albert Morrow's interforenco. He put his arm round her, and kept it there, .while she answered Inspector Cadtuore\s questions as to the moment her husband left the house, and his reasons for going out, etc. "No onu had a spite against him," sly.; inhered, in conclusion, "Ask everyone, aud you will hear ; he won nothing but love and respect from all. But oh ! v.hnl cruelty to la!;e a l.fe-so precious, so dear-for the sake of such paltry uain. A watch-a hand ful of money-and God knows 1 would have given :ill the money in the world to suve him u pang." Tears were coursing down her again, and she allowed her brother to lead her from the room. "Take ineupstairs, Albert,-'she said, "and don't let. any one come near ine- not Betty or any of the servants, nor yet father even." iTo he Continued in Next Saturday'*1 Issur.1 