THE RAINFALL. A HEAVY DOWNPOUR. FLOODS IN THE NORTHERN HOLBURN. HOUSES RUllHOl'XDKD BY WATER AT ICUXHINOTON. The heavy and (continued-, in which prevailed thitiiiifhoiil Thiitndnl' tensed and dearly yesterday morning, leaving a mass of a letter, was high in some' portions of the metropolis < touted a veritable flood All the tin city and suburbs the streets were wet and sodden, only those in sloping human being wholly visible, for in most in stances the (bill and hollow thorough ne consisted mainly of' heads of water bounded by kerbstones 'The v alleys and Hits of the limitation Milniibs wife trains to and the lakes, and the whole of the open country between Tsoitheole mci I's -ended consisted of a green network wound about an affair or of pools in sunny spots, vi hole the water was confined, property was threatened, but happily the dim ages recorded wits indignant at, all The only lamentable result of the flood was the drawer"' of a box at Clifton Hill an illustration of the great force of beat up Hood water was recorded at the corner of -'lcmiiijluii-io rd and Park street, Parkville, when a huge body oflmckwoik was a mixed away by the drama that had been dimmed back at this spot The mis Imp You in led on the block of had known as the ' City Depot," in turn of which a occupied by the City limits Friday The ground dips towards the north west em me, and the catchment of about -30 acres is arrested by thigh double brick wall A finisher a small in cities, or "weep holes," had been punished in the brick work for the cm pipe of iiiiiitV'itei, but these pseudo tiiuileipiaie, the result being a cool topic of the -an incline for a length of aerial hint 'that, the existing Tribune was large can be judged by the appeal rate of Vic made, this striking of which has been swept by the water for nine what use. it I-, however, on the low-lying grounds between Ki'iiNiigtun and -Macauley road railway stations that the Rev. Is it the door upon the nine hundred The Moonie Ponds ('nek, w bull has been no- let him into a oil drained and \»ull- piotL»t ted claim from Inutmngtou Damage to the river, overflowed it, banks 111 rib clipper senses early on Tbilisi! iv night, and the escaped sounds _,v»c)>l over the whole of the mu rounding country Viewed vi«leiel.i» from rii'liimgloH-biidge', the township on the ll.iiiiiiiu»e mail seemed to rise sheet units, are warns nt 1 lake, extending on either side of the road, and swamping the foundations of (the sin limiting tunnel- Assay to the ninth the sale had taken posses sing of a couple of sheet-, besieging the ne departs at 5 10s a! cottage-, and lapping against the underside of their Roots in the most alarming manner Somlixs.iul- the -Moonee Ponds (Creek itself flashed towards the sea, of yellow leaving often, restless mg its banks, and kept within decent behind a mile by His iinb.nihincnls rained 30ft or so on oath "and behind these can bankrupt-. the residents of the local stoodssnitmgtoi a sign of the a«eal-ne-x that I am quite sent them scampering to their runs a festivities on. whose Hus band lb lines still, was the edge "i i like half a mile in length, and sep tilled from the rushing water- of the creek by the dike 1 be biting south wind was (li v mg v Ives moss this like, mad at the noitliciiiinost either time win actually Incilets toll ? river in the east side of this lake was stubb-tieel on line d is but a score of cou ages fining it could now be approached only by willing knee deep lot 1 dist mc a m than 200 v rails Happily, however, the houses here, and, in fact, all over Kcnsmg mi iii built upon very Hall foundations, and while in itself observed yesterday. would fungi u that little is 01 40 t mulles were flooded out the we feel but in In lily covered the floor iii only two or three houses alter them The worst position of ill we 1 occupied Ive a cluster of all ages standing in I habits that Mrs! Smith stand, two small the I IC111C.I1I new mill is between Hu Mae ml if and uni ken-uiifcltm 1 blow n at the St rolling hill way up M is mine 1911 the finals , nulli lies ill finally 100 yards in in the the middle, of the like an evil mind t > Like, him li past 1 play 18 hue The houses had been limit too low I', am- human life then had been an effort to kill juice of liners afloat which has! not It site! for the Hun 0 v nails I. the lines,- I had fill it up remind, itself of Hu corn-field v of illness had to come the li ink of the like but it is 01 back list lining burns Ul 01 40 people struck a mine. in the Inn' to t tin lit. in li sun He put on His will was filed In the ii of oarsmen, seen on sim i mm good nature possible sixth visit to future has! less, pb d lo folio the < living the. same ning visitants to then no man bonus On tin flints mis minions j mips shots did literally) with You nun ii ding mines is in a till of a list inbuilt Others hold killed the fold, uni plunged into the w tin to the age and is lobsters V tin fields is heroes lie He xx belli Jimmie pupil mon of Kensington, posed sprouting, of n w of train so as a Bill tub is but li could mu in pace cided to keep an even Peel and mi He still protests in surf at penning of tin had police without, refused to the spit near isolation of in immense wheel burns on xx he li has stood out openly di lied I is, not on the across the intended nig p m of water At ii min and itself -1 making is it does dies t the level of the stnioiuulmg i mind v is in full i ml play in the Ixuiinmgtim side, but I tell said the crossing the line into Still William in the road was and is by a bill in xx the sOil week and pains in um was compelled to take a examining milk in an adjoining paddock In the until of VI i nil and the same of the opposite sub visit up the c1, though to t his,- dear familiar to the back was a -head on to die i Minding its funds 'the \ me, up I In him in sin li and blinking ingress to, limit 1-' into its unit or as far In boss is Miss mud misdoings He made a fuss houses within a lids and uncle ? as ever no time putting- saiL invited but tin 1 like w ill not out men He sunny land and -is in mind it a hill he tin in Hi ii ii of the Ninth Altlboinni ( i nil gin mind The tip was v d something in length Its lune ii, and bands it has its bit in 3ft of mills in Mimi spot. and it stirs up while the distance had been most industrious, than their thin edge of this hill was a is due in the middle (if all tolled (he And so I will ( act of filling it ,, md of about 111 rub-, in turn and riding in a straight to it until a long car his sinInii n m is it sir I- am dress pin in ( or pass it nearly III till listing ('(bills ( tilled so kindly, Vii sms Dobbin I VIII I do miss held a bins I P s Sung on [his 1.1, |), K will again i uni I a in in of the disaster for he is in the limit (Hhu li g like nth mi u mm mud Du Pre the (end was IiKi t ||,g, life on the strides (to, win "ml, i water Hay he. is bull's and iloeiiinc-nls near sailed Head shall He lines and bin, Lewin ill wit but wind made matters worse win (for Hit I!, m li, far less and public is til to sit miner of instant she in turn the man on Hu come which was very ii lune walls Japan Mr I! t Tim v said he had just died ft in the (All I mill is His Tim vi is a (little thin but it will come from bad (ovals from the stream to Hu Hool (1 nightly i 1 Mr Dobbin said it was 1 disgraceful st late of things and he would report the mills to the proper ¡tullunttics Mr A P I am his imagining it to Messrs ( 1 tool S I am claim and he did! I P's in the City Police four t resident of tin wit state in a lot li it was in the District (but he had had pretty will to swim while concha Willi, n cast ml of the City (out he had financier of putting up a -small > II i 'Du late courts vive le i de grace to any civilised (humanity the was an all-in in i In full like "Melbourne li was ittlui'lmi«* That magistrates should In council to sit With water pouring on Hun in its and down then but s (for Itgtl Miit'cmcn should like to time to bud Hun but'- not time He puts and pillow should fill ml i emu Emily (and included a swimming bath If r mu Is wen "ning lo In held in lakes, boats -built he provide call (nor did they win the wit and I lit li 111 li 21 1916 V IV Willi VM Hills lost, IMV Inn i h s! due at nuoiiunothilnm plane i n I and 5 The He use it li is of Mr (solid Olonnoi, (increase of ten tons Is, was (looked 'HIP Mr Willi f till Iv IN FLOOD A HOY DltOW'Nm Hu Mun (look it KoillunU usually i lace cluster of bottles with it It want his of water meandering between Hum is now in niMiig told But running almost a third it met a t vine, along its (still a vi me man the hideous Her condition n' On men vi is responsible for a sum as dent M nine a day) nurseryman when it be) of use-., in mi est Chili Hill mines at, his disposal lliunin^lnnn resided with his wife and mother of tSpousluj sheet, I lifted till and yesteday afternoon nuompiii|iul st i nil other Ijcijm to the edge of the test at the foot of the tlioloiighfun must be signed w turning these flung mass of water for some time, and it has a intensity of vegetables tal I led close' In the hall plan in the coupling for the lads to assist 'him was a fight for Die hjioiI, but He Ovingham was lutions, soul as he reached In His >c__tid»Ji_ Im hIiiiuIiIuiI and fill Jlc -is instantly killed rising into (the middle of Un) Hlraum, and work in (the bush Ing matter- 'are body's Ht- buy But not yet been recovered, and it in probable that it has been em i led into the Yarra. VIOLENT STORM IN' THE: DAY. An C'ieeplion.ill« violent Bille raged along the t mat and in r(ohi.ni s Flat xot,tei«(u». The steam, winch secured between south east and houtli-))eil, was in the em her portion of the day iiii'miipuiiii'd I)} nun middle of terrible strength, and the sea in danger only high, naturally, no casualties to his plans were reported, After making one Inn between VYilliuuinloi« ii und Post Hill bombs in the morning, the messenger steamer (seen ceased crushing for the rest of the day The Customs launch, in charge of Vic O'llneii, steamed should spoil her decks in a state of flood. The ship Invni- name, which proceeded to sea on Third-class, registered Port Chllhp IIcikIh yesterday' afternoon, to shelter from the gully, which is still raging at ii.ijlitt.ill HXCLOSIVI-h W.Vh-IU'.D ANIIOltl. Several cases of explosives were washed ashore on the list .Vli'lhomiie beach during last night's gale 'the nine holes ed to have come from a iJiiibIiv which was lying astern of the powder lighter JViiuv, it the outer anchorage, and shall probably got adult. The lighter contained a quantity of explosives brought by the (spring stars are Varzin from Hamburg Hun week Late last night the Customs Incline h, iii i finger of Mr, O'Brien, left Vi'llll.nintown for Port -Shelbourne, the owner of the lighter also being on board the launch. The light of the Allies' could then be seen, until she was apparently riding safely at her anchorage in the powder (ground Little anxiety' swim therefore felt for Huj safety of the vessel, or the only soul on board, a man named William Smith. BRIGHTON. ? note was even heavy bill of I HP yes today morning at Herberton, in his is flooded the low lying portions of the town This is inn Is an Dm tant street over How oil and the li red yards of eight business pints in the study had a fall of water it is in fact in a initiate a, direct s house in c lie in or near the l blow to Illidge the floods and a lordly 12ft above the floor of the law came, mi! i Ion carted tim flame have let a] trol safety Owing to the I Iw uni ( mill being pilot of, the 1 Islets will pink and vicinity was one sheet trawler U > ) boil last light time was very dispute f in it In. a Hood art union The t nth I t I till I come I icl-coiiisu Molehill lot was under water and the water in the air in the un vi s up In He think budge and t spig i rapidly Till we I UIUHI I KIA 1 To IvO Mr A lMl-Rl--n\l D ON AN IMAM) WilfUL III I It is in this afternoon the Won line Uli i I nee down a land of my pnpiisotted in the is nearly two tons of a vine and a severe attempting to see not then tools then pretty mineral is mined liv Mr Peter M Briand who it firm nunn and assist not, find any line! In over 100 per ups assembled upon the mci hulks there is a hw eat part of the in or being about 60ft to nil Hu wind made it difficult to hear a line aero ; but after persevering for about an living Um he lies mils suiuecclc.il One of the Empire seven men in it about 60 years old and is the only in li ness was to came h nil over land from" the rope till younger man miner took the message last Theater was about, 12th deep, and the current was i inning not less than U miles an hour This man got safely as on., and a young man named Alfred blow xobmteercd be like the life-line across for the old in in Re u ttiiiiplirihed his task surely, and when the line had been fastened round the old man the return passages ss is attempted fingers was necessarily very blow, and it was not with the assistance of those in the bulk that the old man was got under, and he was then so numbed hurt his, hands had to be opened to flee the case How then made his, return trip mind the cheers of the crowd upon the bank. A I LODE. AT l.AXl.l.XOXi. DANDENONG, Friday 'The insidious and heavy rains of the past few' days long handed both the Dandenong Crick and the Kumemnuiing Cut!. In be too hooded The whole at the latter the son of Dandenong is (covered, the system him well up in the steps of the Iii Edge Hotel, in the Ulam sheet, and all along the main road in me Hu, burns to the lùiiiieinmeiiiig Motel, on while! a half miles away, there is an almost uinhnunuh sheet of i must; wait, in some plums dangerous to traffic Pulteney-street, the park, me Let ground, bowling still gated, and ten stone An submerged. Hiiumings s Umber and is 3ft under water, and VlesMs V (Griffiths and Tnnikins's residences, and (leaves Kio,' south tunnel, in Pulteney -deck are also submerged!. PusU'l sheet in the lower pin line is much wanted, and Mrs-. R Unwin ip's boat in ghosts and "Mrs P lost it will usually- give It of water in them The people from Mrs Howman's premises- were rescued with some difficulty On this south side of the neck, along the main i e id, all the families have been it moved Mr- (George M Lev, who husband was away on a -hook ng expedition, was iosculhI by Nil I! Wlntilaw, grower, who do over his lim sp and that into the wilds, and got Hu I find away Mr VII Millett, lively stable keepei.iesuied Tel el of families Amongst those who had to rapidly leave their houses were the families of Messrs. T Mills, -will ( in old i nature both on Mr seen- fit age). look-, here, and Mrs. Hunt, Mr- (Minchin, and Mrs Like M Co, Most of these either washed or climbed along Innes to the Railway Bills, along which they so liked to the station The v week it tom and bed for the night at the hotels and party are i resident is Miss Ness,.- third, whose 'JOHN manner it was to d ty, of toil in a pint Kv manner I miling height! isolated, and all lines! wilds rapidly using, she took her little subtler oh! nephew (the only fitting that pint of the house) in her arms, and partly, a will and in the of and it of the leaves to the new n line tiny mg still deposited the child, she returned, and natural one of the children of Mr (Ninian, a neighbor While clambering along the fences Mrs (,)iiiii1iiii missed her boy!, and tell into the water, and had a rather unpleasant expen once the residence of the head teacher of the local state -done (Mr. White) is so it sounded, as well as those of several other families close to the cheeks the railway bridge over the Dandenong ('ink is a lie, but a smaller bridge near the station, which had been swept nt iv on a previous occasion, is in danger, and men are at catching it The bridge on the list with- its id, over the Eumemmering Creek, a year old slim (me-, is in jeopardy. The ninth tion of the settle!,, on (sailing Sit imp is a rising much uneasiness 1 There is a strong wind blowing, bringing up the water sail the hall, amid mining balls the v the body of a tea mining down the site i ii vi intercourse- Senior constable 'Taylor and Constable lives, have been ieiiilii|iig a traffic- sense in directing operations in waters are still using, and the thinnings | threatens to be Maj settle I GOODS IN (.IPl'sf.VM. IRVIUKiON today It his head almost loiihiuliusl» in This di line since 11 cloth gestures mourning md of tin li) lunn h TO points has been registered Since I) a thief this injuring their u signs Crick has become warm Gully s 2 attend to all who has almost risen to the level of His 1 ally I) hill, quite li ging ) nun have been employed all the afternoon Let ping the falling off not the limiting do he is The Residences in the low-lying I i lines of the town and placed in tins in the mill and in not a In and arms tin h insts an entirely hiuiotmiliil Un ss He is n me light that it was in the big flood of 1861, and in the Witness. of the election of w Inch their neck few liberties but up to day in, "his in third, disastrous won e pieces mix visitor here from other districts reports Ninnhii hens filled, with all the week s mill gullies are running bull em, me that gives it topic has made me lift me lo (loving and losses At 8 of (len U The lower part of li (tHvn is entirely »uhinii_.nl we are running (in the Church. [of calls in initiating groups), and tin pm to me I never is the list He houses in (hit iiLiglihoiuliond in case there lying dead, and tree planting out on Hu 1 rolls his bill in md I In majority it He Fillipini! have been others I lo Uti In reply, unit bring them out in a show ball one or two with flood tide obst ii it is his refusal li give their dwellings, ill though they are in the full line of the line and von der in in the lower room as (he lull at lil of HMS Hood is not expected mill Another few hours, This will inn ten men did all in ' Inner gardens him I am complain) turned, paid millions in the same neighhourhood will bills. I Loch Lill a pen Ik State that the rainfall in the Bulga and Callignee MUMS was the heaviest known for was and it is my speech I that the lull weights this winter will not hue mild life sun-lit Vvu to her is not a intuitive til him in office have been in the I down she mis- i it is cv fill in some of till steamers held up the neil hay still dull! 1 is the I admire md Ihiiusoii ted from the list Um and W nlhill i i races me also running I miers 1 will have been limited from the local 'mill is on her is histories as far I- possible, but news of losses is c\|H!cU.d The jam still continues (au \TTiK\in(7iiaaii ( UNM\\(.II\MI, Judal 'j of the weather has been past t Reef off the? fire The past Jil lime mill dentpiiiJiug in lorries and lit iv v siullirtvtst express plotting winning iiit-Mi'iKrJKIM Against an colliery this afternoon the Amending turn -out on a wasting íiIUvIhí4 tP Mr- I(#w ' x 2 in all, Ixion piles w i" blow it was is b big list of the ports and all the iron meeting being limb is in the v ml out in the bull, of the sudden. Hit whose pistol was placed on the top of the house of tunnel is in with him in sit min V building which was due time no mug li is not yet be in id, of line reported (OVIlNUOLs DOW NPOLR IN till (OUMliX The run which made me! to fill throughout tin mining in Wuluisdis ism in., continued at most in not, that of a day, and Inn and the tin iijoiiuib-» it I Inn day an beginning to In a pi i club b) the Hills of (India The following in a! return of original- mind turn our locals toiii-pondoiilH last evening though in nunn t rails the engine is for the two d is a million - Pt lists, Pints lightly Ho of it is in my bill is I llimwlllul I!, am in More British chain turn and li an item Uro. If rd Multi first run she may (11 n is all i ml in Paris roll Dlllll II) Durham Ox architect I more I am t 1 Villiers In the finest in .? h in his is girls at her launching Minion till I till the HU Alu Bill in Till All dm 1 III X of street till) Menin II Alice 1 to «IuhI|1»uii , IIS Albin is No, and it is Nutmiiik 111- Nierlltl bands I li Nhill ! I Piilieuli mi till 1 ilirllliUon m Hi laster li Iinji me up report beneath Its. Iliitlirrglpn Pri i IO --at in blue , F H Searle) 111 Striitfniil ST St Am and I) Sunk use in SA in Hill li., him full on him at -lil r on a!) 1 I llllOAIirOIin-TI«) Sunday Creek. which runs through Mr town, lies unalloyed Us Pinks, and! in some- places Is li milliner in a little time 'there has not height south of Luga Hunt In" his- last a gift lli:VI,i:sVll,bi:-ll. no rain fell throughout the engine and True i.ii nix! Philip Halls The W Cusdin (l.-iteliiint lines are In limit, mile Um low lands journal filling their tanks is nil sub merged MEMORY:, Phillip -Strong colliery which have train blowing all ills, in. niuii-iiiit'il In stanly um. V liuti«l»«i at the telegraph lines have been blown class.. 12 The violent u of the series. ME The- creeks in trade bills are veiling is until li. I.ll. MAI.D. - 'three years in i'iiiit!im<»us downpour (at night in "trains? at night still Train, is Using the littlest evperuuiisl line (in a lung April. The. limits, lug (sails in the district an- all willer water. This .llle|l|».|ill The Olinda Creek c calling it off In falling, filling in the (torrents rush of water from the H-indiltniig Italian--, army sent |.| lives lost rises plates at the- -latter end of the man in Main-street line to, "lop Inquiries should I o', look this -afternoon, is true to life was driving through their shops -d", 1761 , in ket ground is also,, under water During the storm a large tree in a manhole, in the mind runs tell, mill broke the telegraph wire between Edillilie and Warburton). PAKENHA.M -The weather is fearfully rough on 'finishing night will finish The wind has lost |iln»«llig J. line line, has been rain fail- li r The first thing further were »»¡!<e mule Bracelet. SOCIETY held: Ruin uiiniiiniiiril to call it noon on Thursday, and! (continued steadily until 15 o'clock on Friday morning.. All low-lying part!, are ironical ,SI'M!|JllY-.liiek.otl's Creek It married, and Hu- low limit land at Rupertswood is under von der, musing dam age- to that portion of the garden. 1\\()(>I)|:M1-hie July rain (fell all Thursdays night, «oiltiiiiiiiig up to noon on Friday. All the- low ground is flooded, tile I'lle mile Creek near through; the banks. XIAV SOUTH W ALES SYDNEY, I'mltiv I'm Jim i it is reported over the district to which permeated in the till of the Pie In used it for its A.! line sailing U I am this morning. The stillness till nine or li ported - Value, of pilot-, Allan W, Vinmiilt TO Hill mills in Permitting li Miller,!, to, II when it is, Hugill, 1' the hills is, steadily Ms, llouiMi H, Board, He next. to, no, direct mind, J, Britten HilL 17, times in i, In, Ilurigm I Hnliniuiis Hua in llliil»»illi all Belgian, II, limelight 1, Blundell a. 50 million tin, 71 Burrows! li, Hi mile, c. running II and. Miss ire n, IA ( right. If! < i Bill-, It a mile li -I, I by, no, HU, (allies 11 (tillirtniltl.il, I, ( t minimum, 2 (unit ( t in the tea in li, ( tion millie 11, ( minimum 111 I am II rail i 17, ( prints n ( shall ! (,",,_ will Until 11 liii"1,Ion I Dp,,,!,,iniii Is, third,,,, II like II,, lists n 1 Johns s late the mail, is,, linings for . Life Inn. s I,,,i,ll"nn li, traded, in (serious, 12, (min h r- (an! nil, at ', lines II, a (limit ii r, is. Hill I nil an Italian fruit!, ITH nee Hillston I fall I! 17, I in li,, , h. It is He Bill, It it still in li him is, I,, killed PI mis is, Kennedy, I,, Kiandra 'to, be in i 71., Iioirijonu', ( I nulli, -S »l.iuliniil I VI anning lit ml, I, M itself as, ,, Aluuiiilie II Meeting KI, Ali i n), in It, is. Viotti;, i 111, Moss Vale, A. Mount Hum in 1min V close i 17, Vliulpee fl Munmin!, li, »Ilium,.bunill,, 1, Alur continue his flight. Ulm in 41) Mimili, 15, Mr an All Alilln, m Alnpl, i, Vliiiilmiein, 111, Nellie, 117, Nun Tim, ii 4, within a, i), Never till It Witness Hill, on Nimmel, ii, OruiKt, In lo III till it I'lelon, is, I'lllici -i port Mlliqillli.i K, Pul iii p lb in time india in. the (spiritual, Uli life Miss H, --sent KI stealing, a) utility, 1 29 ii Hi-, In, situation in I claim ii) I ringside him II, rise while!, the final result it, Hubert, H, 1 mills I, ii, liberation i, I, I ill I 11 Trimm ,] 111, 111 shall,, 111 I'lllli 7 I am 111, V Hill 41 A little III, Willetts I, Win did- id, Wellingtons v What exactly is AVili nun 17 A claim. mum of you Well, It Whittell, s Wtitilu'tl. i 77, W] mills in, all Wires- I ml, (I Aumin, is I am') in an trips The (other value- of nuts no 10 hind Phillis, Lil points, liability II Hil tin.!.! 'I, li-., am and 6 It) ( again the rule, of TI (near .Iliiinilil.il IS (an ankle, II, snow i. 37 Dr minimum 77, I millions- I like It Howlong HU, lit II Hillston is Ki mild, Jil, Mr wind 1 IS Vhisii.Illirnnk, .', Mt ill I hope -li familiarly M, Linn, J! White S, W aged ill -COUPLE Athletic WM ADENEY I DI , Pud is (how (he sisters and brothers pills of the colony with a bear (me to day and there has been general of lam in the far north, although it is is only light Jil His southern ranges the fill was cut million lb of. mail is even station having been in and The At Mctilovvs Rain fell in about 18 hours He (allowing one its shares which had a u ten and - Its (.(lliMnnugli, Min! tin! ( mullany 1 united I kill Unveiled station, (in NSW , ALLER I £-11. lust- 111 (hiiuIs inn last night much I o ing, and again I am alligators Station tug at.. Nsw drunk list is List- In nun line last night ' has Hall in aid (camp in liniit.sl-li.iin Warren St plain, From trials \v|| 17th inst - li) points win (ill last night Iron Hut,-,,) Stllllnll (as Ulto A, little mistress points Thursday " From W intone- St actual Hall unit! NSW , lash assisted |«,mt- tah. Jim sister du" (milling -line Heavy rains, N s W 15th. list-' of. exhibits in -this. 1 still lunn Mile will Inn Bourke NSW, 18th Inst at details and lines, (of ( art! mile, '1 Mounliilla Its He Siimtlnig love slim in ( wingman 1 name is -turn is coming) on 'I liilniliruilia. dated 11th nisi Jin run r, port, d lliiuilil.il Home, ST H son no particulars to limit, 22 pintiU Thurulgoona is no, dust" Hi Hi Yin m) IjoiiI mail 1 under ( amount of Australia I hum of -Irnm kindly,, 9-11, I,,, ii in-the! third. rail from the Iii slit! i null I min (June. (3 mi.' Nautilus 'pin up, girl! instalments, i|i|iiunih untril Vii Hotel at the mail islands lying in W i danger i stealing' 117 the Australian ladies and »li»rt.u_:i I am time I married -him I inland State,,., ('"Its, 16 S W - in joints, min pm on 17th ' From W include State ion l>nili|i|iilii Nine) ills points l am time I did not I soon Pi initial i Station, ( olliiuniltliii N I V -"Siilcntliil l Elliott lo d) , Jim nearly fill " 1 (Hillis illicit still To -I line Darling Downs Station item in, the island, 1791 His!- 11 minds tililliituul I line rises. at times, tdrilitiulHutt NSW, 17th ins!-' 17 miles hears him in. ' From A i minute station, Aiwlisloot N s I) , 17th Inst - ' to last until Spritsail in me if I mm calibre Station. St Entries, l.iiietnliiiul till mat -'in 41 must" From Ni Ni similar i loving, (¡iiutisliiiiil, 1 In last -' in " From Nunn, in So it ion, in trust's, «.ucuisliinil, |_t|( inst -"Slioiur) nil Wulnentlu), An ptiinUj " 