LONDON LITERARY LIFE. WRITERS OiF THIRTY YEARS AGO. REMINISCENCES OF FAMOUS MEN. (By Mark Lemon, son of the first editor of 'London Punch.') No. 1. One of my earliest recollections of Charles Dickens is connected with a con juring entertainment at Devonshire-place, where he then resided. Dickons was- in a magician's robe and cap, 'with long grey beard. My faifchea-, Mark Lemon, was in a green jacket and trousers, with, salver buttons and stripes, and a large turned down collar, with frilled edges, acting as page and assistant. Dickens was a first rate conjurer. Charles Dickens and Mark Lemon were once at Greenwich Fair, wiken there was a 'Richardson's Show,' exhibiting with a huge placard, bearing t'he words, 'A Tra gedy and Pantomime in ten minutes. Ad mission, Id.; front seat, 2d.' There was a large platform in front of the entrance, which Was approached by a sloping floor. The performers were Walking up and down the platform arrayed in all their g-ory, and Richardson was shouting 'to the crowd in front of the show to 'Walk up,, be in time, be in time.' Dickens and Lemon quietly sneaked up to the platform and were just paying tbeir 2d. when Richard son, catching sight of them, immediately rushed across the stage itOTVards them an'd seizing both by their hands shouted out at the top pitch of his lunge, and he had no small voice either, 'No, no, Mr. Charles Dickens and Mr. Mark Lemon, we never take money from the profes sion.' Charles Dickens and Mark Lemon, who were walking along the Edgeware-road, stopped to look into a shop -window, when a pickpocket put his hand into Dickens' pocket and stole his handkerchief. A policeman e.'tw tilie man and collared him. Dickens and Lemon had to appear at Marylebone Police Court to give evidence. After the charge was sheeted home the magistrate asked the thief whether he had anything to say. He replied, 'Veil, guv 'nor, I knows 'em both. The little thin 'un (Dickens) does the genteel 'eneak-til'l biz,' and the fat un' (Lemon) keeps a pub and leaving diop in 'Ackney.' 'What,' retorted tOie beak most indignantly, 'how dare you make those disgraceful assertions against such 'well-fcnowin gentlemen, the name of one of whom da we'll known wherever the English language is spoken ?' The cheeky thief replied, I don't know nothin' about no English langwidge, but shorty (Dickens) Was doing a turn along side me at Brix'fcon mill (treadmill) last year.' Amongst his most intimate f wends Dickens used very often to sign himself 'The Sparkler.' I have seen the signature many, times. He also used very often to 'break into poetry.' I can only remem ber a part of one ifliyme he sent Mark Lemon in London when lie himself was in Brighton.' The verses ran t'hus: — My Lemon lias a coat of frieze, Tho' it's not oft that Lemon wears it; So that it is a prey to fleas, And every moth that's hungry tears it. Oil, my Lemon round and fat, Oh, my right, my bright, my tight 'un, Just think a little what your at, Don't Btay in town, come down to Brighton. Ib was an annual custom for Dickens, Shirley Brooks, Evans, and Lemon to .make up a party and take their children to a pantomime at Christmas. I remember going on different occasions to Sadler's Wells, Drury-lane, and Astley'e. After the play tine whole party used to have supper at tihd Bedford Hotel, Coveait Garden, on tripe and onions, sprats, and oyefters. Charles Dickens and Mark Lemon were in the habit of taking long walks together to all parte of London, at all hours of the day or night, and in every kind of weather. They were also frequent visitors to the Eaet-End :Penny gaffp and every other kind of otiher entertainment. There usai to be a good many dances at Tavdstock House for *he juveniles, as DlokenB loved to have young faces as well as old about him. These were always very bright and merry, and there were two dances an which Dickens took especial en joyment. .. 'The. dance before supper was always th'e figure eight reel, and although this Was carried out in the most 'vigorous manner by lisyonngstere, yet none of us came within measurable distance of Dickens and Mark Lemon. They used to put their (beauts and heels anito it with a vengeance, and the lagt dance of all was always Sir Roger de Coverley, in which both of them would be quite as energetic as ever. Mark Lemon was a very big stout man, but most wonderfully active. He used to tell with great enjoyment about a little ragged gutter-snipe ne saw as he was walking down Fleet-Street one day. The two met face to face, and they began to dodge each qbher to get past. At last the boy stopped 'short, placed his dirty 'hands on his liips, stretched 'his legs wide apart, and looking up straight in my father's face Said, 'Now then, guv'nor, vieh. vay round?' My people were living in Gordon-street, Gordon-square, and the Dickens family at Tavistock House. They were wdthiin a very short distance of each other, and in consequence the Dickens children, my sis ters and myself, were constantly together in iy young daye. Dickens' eldest sou's birthday .was on Twelfth Night. He -\\\ias a godfeon of Miss Burdett-Ooubts (now Lady Burdebt-Coutte). and, I believe, the only one. There was always a large children's party given upon each au niversary, and Miss Burdett-Coutts used to present her godson with a splendid Christ mas tree loaded with alj manner of gifts, which were distributed amongst us chil dren. As we became older private theat ricals were instituted, we younger one's tak ing the leading parts. 'Tom Thumb' was the first -we played, the present Henry Fielding Dickens, Q.C., taking the title role. Dickens played the Ghost of Gaffer Thumb, and my father tjhe Giant. Amonc those who were in the cast were — Marcus Stone, R.A., Canon Alfred Ainger, .and the late Earl Lytton (then Robert Bulwer). The next year we performed 'Fortunatus.' Dickens played The King, Wilkie OoHins Longear, and Mark Lenuon The Dragon. The next year Wilkie Collins wrote 'The Lighthouse,' the characters being taken by the elder folk, so that the youngsters were cut out altogether from the oast, but although the audience -saw nothing of us, yet we contributed mate rially, in our opinion, towards the suc cess of the piece. I. can remember per fectly well the part I 'took in the produc tion. The drop curtain was painted by Clarkson Stanneld, E.A., and represented (I quote the bill of the play) — Eddystone lighthouse jn iis ancient form Ere he who built it prayed for the great storm That shivered it to atoms. The lantern in the 'lighthouse was a red transparency, and it was my duty to hold a candle fixed to tlhe end of a long stick behind this as long as the drop was down. There was only one scene in the dram.i, and that was the interior of a room in the upper part of the lighthouse. A terrifio gale is supposed to be blowing, and my nexc duty was in conjunction with Walter Savage Lander Dickens, who was after wards an officer in the East In d&a; Company's service and who died it India, to turn, a large wooden wheel over which was stretched a piece of heavy canvas, the fric tion producing the shrieking of t'he wind. Although this work was a trifle harder than turning a crank in the penitentiary, we stuck at it in the most serious manner as t'houg'Ji our lives depended upon it. We had also, every time tihe men on the stage . opened the shutter of the window, in order to remark upon, the state of the weatlher, to throw 'handfule of salt over them to re semble the spray from the sea outside. There were onJy three or four characters in the piece, and these were played by Charles Dickens, Wilkie OoHins. Shirley Brooks, and Mark Lemon. Mary Dickens, the eld«.«t daughter, and Mass1 Georgina Hogarth (Mrs. Dickens's sister) aim played ia it. The nest year Wilkie Col lins wrote 'The 'Frozen Deep.' This was in 'three acts, and a proper stage was built out of the window of the children's eehool- room at Tavisbock House. There were quite a num ber of people in it, amongst others we youngsters once more made our ap pearance, but only as supers. The second act was laid in the Arctic region (bill of the play again) — In that cold region where the lost lie low, Wrapped in their mantle of eternal Bnow. and represented the interior of a hut fitted up with bunks. It- was the shel ter of the) men of ithe Sda Mew, which was frozen up in the ice. together with t)he Erebus. Among the older ones who took part in bhe plav were Charles Dickens, Wilkie Collins, Shirley Brooks, Augustus Egg, R.A., Albert Smith, Mark Lemon -md a number of other friends of Dickens, who were, many of them, well known people.. Ihe ladies were Mre. Henry Wills, Mary and Kate Dickens, and Miss Georgina Hcgar-tih. The music was composed by Francisco Berger, and the scenery was, as in previous years, painted by Ckrltson Stanfield, R.A., and a part of it by William Telbin, the well-known Drury-lane scenic artist. The evening's entertainment always concluded with a farce, in which Dickens and Lemon took the leading characters. At different times they played 'Uncle John,' 'Two o'clock in the Morning,' and a farce Dickens and Lemon, wrote themselves for 'the occasion, called 'Mr. Nightingale's Diary,' in which they elach represented seven different characters. The amount of fun- these tvi.o would get out of the play was be yond belief. They were both first-rate, ac tors and could play up to each other in a most remarkable manner. About this time Douglas Jerrold died, and a memorial fund Avas started for t'he benefit of Mrs. Jerrold and 'her daughters. 'The Frozen Deep,' with the same cast, excepting -that the female parts were played by professional ladies, Miss Castle main (Mrs. George Vining), Miss Kate Toman, and Miss Ellen Ternan. The play was acted at the Gallery of Illus tration, Regent-street, London, for several nights. One performance was before the Queen, the Prince Consort, the King of the Belgians (Leopold), and the court. Her Majesty was *he invited guest of Mr. Dickens and the others. I reimeniber up on this occasion being introduced to Hans Christian Andersen, the teller of fairy tales, and I think I was more struck with him than by any other person present. The piece was afterwai-ds played in other parts of England. At Manchester a re cord was made, the curtain going up to a £1,000 house. This was the end of the private theatri cals, as t'he, separation of D-ickens from Ins wife 'took place; and, owing io a difference ot opinion about the matter, the close friendship that had existed for eo many years between. Dickens and Lemon was broken. For a long time af terwards I do not think they ever met each other, but when 'they did meet at Clarkson Stan field's funeral they shook hands over the grave of ifheir'old friend, and the old rela tions were, to a certain extent, renewed, but nqt. jp% ..long.* -TThey both died soon ewtesjEgaiaB-rwi'tfiin . about '? a Veek of each other. ; After ifahe separa tion, and «p'7*fto ithe rtame of taa omen. Mark Lemon was Mrs. Dickens' trustee, and he managed all her affairs, while she herself was a constant visitor in the. summer months at our place in Sussex., Mr. E. W. Cole, of tflie Book Arcade, Rundle-s'treet, has sent us a copy of the 'School History of Australia,' which has ' been issued for use in schools and colleges. It contains 94 pages of matter dealing with the principal events in the Wstory of South Australia, Tasmania, West Australia, Queensland, Victoria, and New Sou'tn. Wales, and it is designed to meet the re quirements of those teachers who desire to impart to their pupils an elementary know ledge of the birth, and progress of the different provinces of the coming Federa tion. The book is embellished with a number of illustrations. 