RICHARD BRICE, ADVENTURER. By aHAB. JUNOR, Author of " Dead Men's Talcs," &A;, t., hALL RIGHTS RESERVTI?.] ChAPTIR II. THE CAVE OF GEZO. PaT .--IN TE ?CLonY oF GREAT E?NTEIPRISE, FIEnoF. rays of eoorehing sunnohine spread over the wide river as we put off from the shore on the following morning. Yet we enjoyed an exhila rating sense of freedom, despite the profuse perspiration which exuded from every pore. Hitherto, confined on every side by towering walls of dark-green forest roofed by a cloudy sky from which the sweltering heat poured pitilessly down, we had strug gled daily agaiust the paralysis of suffocation, and we longed to escape from the interlooked trees and to see once more an open horizon over which the sun would rise and set. As Wade and I loaned over the as sortment of trade goods, cotton bales, lookiug glasses, beads, powder, knives and miscellaneous gimoracks, distri buted under the palm-thatoh awning at the stern of the flat dug-out, now being propelled up-river by our men plying their long paddles vigorouoly as they stood up in the bows, we east farewell glances at the company's flag bearing an omblem like the letter Y in the circle, representing the middle reachos of the Niger and Bonuno rivers, and at Mr. Simpson, now its sole roprosentative, regarding us apathetically from the stumps of our abandoned wharf. How would he fare in our absence ? " Bet one black man over another and the pair are boupd to come to grief " is a truism along the gold coast, but, as we rounded tile land and the settlement passed out of sight we consoled our selves with the rtefleootion that we had left little worth stealing, and we hoped to be back within a fortuight to replace with interest goods to the full value of those we had borrowed to hide the real object of our excursion. Some remarks on the methods of trade prevailing in Nigeria generally, and with the RIoyal Nigor Company in particular, are neceosary. All trans actions are conducted onlyin the form of barter, the basis of value for reckon ing purposes being the "head " of 1000 cowries (native shells formerly accepted as currency), which is arbitrarily fixed at sixponeoe, British money, an analogous example being the Chinese "tael," a coin which, having no ex. intoneoo, has value only in a figurative sense. HIonest traders have to con tend against the liquor and fire-arms restriotione imposed by the London board of control at tihe instigation of the Church Missionary Sooiety, wheroe by it is made illegal to import riles, breach-loaders, or cartridges into any part of the company's territory, while spirits are also absolutely prohibited above latitude 7 dog. north. Thie line runs conveniently just below the native town, Idda, but above Assaba, the looal centre of the Niger Company's administration, facing Onitsha, the missionary headquarters on the op. posito bnlk of the river. Only flint look munzzle-loaders and adulterated powdor - both subject to heavy import duties-may be traded to the natives, yet they are the very articles those savages crave meeost. The result is that a briok trade is done with the Arabs from the north in these commoditiones, and natives crossing to the Froench territory to the north-west or upper reachee of the Niger or to the eastern state of Adamawa in German Weost Africa, can obtain whatever they need for use against the British philanthropicts. The export of slaves abroad from the coast has certainly been put down by international agreoo ment, but inland it is only when dealers have made themselves notor ions by burning villages wholesale and interfering with " the development of the interior," the Niger Company's spooial mission, that acnotion in taken by the armed forces of the company. To barter the results of slave labour for the products of Europe is the African potentate's solo anxiety. Ab. solute hunger, and hunger only, will make the natives work without physi cal compulsion. Everyone strives to shift responsibility on to his weaker noighbour, and no man can got rich 9nloss by forcing numerous slaves to work for him in a country destitute of cultivation or manufaotures, and where jungle products alone exist for barter. Such native goods ao palm-oil, ground nuts, bola nute, rubber, gume, dye-woods, eilkls, cottons, seeds which give the " ebobuttor" lubricant, ebony and ivory, require a horde of native carriers to transport for exchange against the white man's imported pro duce -principally obsolete firearms, Brummagenu eutlery, "Yaunkee no tions " and hardware from Liverpool houses. Henc slavery and slave trading are established customs, and the company is compolled to wink at them to a great extent; and while the African can wallow in palm-boor it seems absurd to prohibit the trade in spirits. The natives are a mixed race of savages, varying from the cosal black negro of thebo Oil rivers to the ooppr.eroloured Haussa of the far nortb. Split into fractions, all at war with cncl other, and settled for moet parts along the bankls of the rivers, spoalking ditferent dialects, but uniting in a cosnnion hastred of their moral Dritish trading lnactors, tie inceulan tion of lhablitc of lnw anid order he. comes a mttnteor of thie greatest dili. sulty, but the Irenceh eeyitiii of rels by misltery uth cds pure and simple usicnes le iave seect with lhe greatest sOeciCti f ctli cleviceij yet trie , d civil ws rc?hii ic lice einicccaecll !teOcend c ef r/ liic, i, I lllll lolrlif ir ll i l c I ithl i cels!icc 1Iee thJIe IS1 ,ihs lcricu hltcrls ale Ltice icecet cyi des clvt i ii ccc cctm cicele i n.ceee ,Iceltcccvllee y| ',eclhc Its'.r ecielcy cci Ice+ cgeIJliie lice ml'? to I,,e; J~/c '!le1lii ,cecel.,e j ! cc' ec'eelOleeecl I et ",eetl,, / I celbi t ccl,l~ lhc).ejllijgc h lece.,ll, iiicc,t Iiit ? cceu a Jo-ja on a certain articlo of trade thoe white trader annot obtaiun it. If he fail to roepoot the article he io likely to be killed for saorilego. Moot oom monitioe hnvo one idol in common as their public ju-ju, and eaoh cihizeon hae anothor private ju-ju oonoioting of somo specially reverenced artielo of hie own or his ju-ju man's choieo. Among all theooe intricaioes and dis abilities in trade the white man findo much perplexity whenou first doing bosi nose. Thingo mayhave altered for the better oinoo Wade and I ondured our brief apprenticeship on the Niger, but I doubt it. Progreoe is neeocarily slow in a country which hoe boon for centurics the eoone of pagan atrocity, moolem oppression, and foreign olavo raiding, and where climato and natural dioadvantageos contribute to the exist ing disorder of things. But with the aspoote for the futuro thie tale has no concern. We had a good fifteen-miles pull abhead of nus, but Ilogo, our two woolly haired, muscular Kru-boye, and the three Hauoonsa, bent over their paddles with auch goodwill that they drove tho canoe aheand through the swirling ourronts and past the numerous shoals at a rate of foul miles an hour from the start. We soon passed the dreary wide expanse of grey-green water at the junotion of the two rivers, and heading for the main stream towards the north- east,loft behind nous the gaunt, long-legged, wading birds and olouds of wild fowl hovering about this deserted region. An we proceeded, and.turning a bond entered the Kedona proper, the banks became low and partially covered with otanted naeoiao, oil palms and, behind, tall, yellow stemmed plumos-gras. ovoral small islands teeming with rank vegetation and inhabited by myriads of frogs, oroaking hoarsely, rose on both sides no we glided past bunohos of aluatio plants from whioh a hippo or crocodile would regard us unson oernedly. It was well past noon when we at last drew alongside of the abandoned launsh. and sending tho Haussas, under Ilogo's command, to snour the banks for fuel, Wade made the roest of us jump aboard, so that the Kru boys might be able to trans for our effoets with as little delay as possible. Though most of the work had been done already, we had still to dlear the dokos of festoons of poisonous droop ore and swarming inseoot. The vessel was, with the exception of the deck, conotruetod of wrought iron, and, uso Wade informed us, was copper- bottomed. Her machinery seeoomed still to be sound, barring certain rivets for which substitutes lnd been devised by my compenion. There was not a sorap of clothing, food, papers, or trade aboard by which we could gueess her original owner ship. She was one of the many mysterics of this land of wonders; oven her nameo was absent. About fifty foot long and drawing two and a half feeoot of water we reckoned that, assuming her twelve horse power en gine to fulfil their purpose, she should be able to draw forty tons. Aft, were stanchions for a hurricane house which neeoded only roofing with palm leaves and dried grass to be rain and nun proof, and best of all forward, rhe ourried an eight-pound Swivel and abaft a six-pounder. Ae soon as the foraging party returned from thie shore with her first load of fuel, Wade sot them at repairing the dilapidated net work around her sides to prevent boarding. Below the atmosphere was stifling as we set to work to fill the thIe rusty boilers and light the fires. The launoh's bottom we found was rather leese than a quarter of an inoh thick and the cides seoarcely one eighth. Evidently the least rough unage would shake the rivets out of her, no it behoved as to exercise the greatest oare in navigation to suenocceed in extricating her from the trough of bubbling ooze and foul mud. " Pack all the cartridge boxes, and I'll load these swiveln, Brice," nsaid Wade, as after toiling till sundown we had euoeeded in getting steam np and everything ready for sheering off. "I see that our hold is divided into water tight oompartments, whioh no doubt were meant to hold pulm-oil and do away with the bother of caskso, Strikes me this boat was a regular olinker in her day-wish those lazy wood-onrriers would hurry up; it's dangerous hugging the shore in the dark. Hallona, what's up now ?" A flock of parrots flew oereaming away from over the palms, and the tops of the long grass swayed violently as a yell buret from behind thie mas oive cotton wood boughs fringing the water's edge and one of our retainers rushed headlong towards nus and scrambled aboard, the others follow ing poll-moll in his wake. " Enemy, plenty in bushl" they babbled, an logo, last of all, sprang on deck and seized his rifle. "Now Briao, up with the swivol while I set this old tub into notion. Let' all hands fire a volley. Wo'ro gone coono if she doesn't ehift." He dashed into thie engine pit, as I ran to the stern. It happened fortu nately, that the steamer's nose pointed rivorvwards. Stoking furiounely, Wade tugged at the lever with all bis might. Tlahe lnauseanes-who are rarely cowarde -recoovering from their panio now that they woro onco more under the white man's leadership and had regained their arms, grabbed their unidero and awaoited the coming of the foe with eonger eyo. Calling to the Krumen, I bodo them help me to ocnuro thie raf paddloi, up-onded against our taffrail, and to loan Iheavily upon thnenn so that wo mighlt aeciat in punling tine tonner of thle rushcl-o?urtalincd Ibanll. Still there wore ino sigis of lifo in thie thiok Ibrumih wood elosm by, ani I uitnitd In. sida thie I?eivel- gnllll for com0e heotile dlnemloluenntmlioin, It mnlltu 01((oo i!lmu)ilivh, iA 1((pairn lwhizzo I tlihr llus:l i th, air, alidi, tlihilnli till uuiullfinuelulo, nuhuuulmnlulu!ln l ilrnoynilnl jullll,!l ! mm-)uk, mi'mi mI.llml li lllllll ulb t it mu nllo(!l mI litiul-r I n.mmm mle?iy, c';inih in hull nf lintmeiirml I ,nop-hium Ion, lliim cinll n illy minhmti I(111, hnohihy nuni nine 11111lirr ,ylu li l in~j /1(1''! I l. l ur h? ,ulo, iriyo' ciil iii? mcii in~l hitmIt I honmlicllyni'? fccninuhn,?' ' l'l oin, tins blinff jtl unii1i cinco'o nil th"i through the palm-trees, striking up epoute of slime, and anipping twigo from the branoheo and evoking a uno oonion of yells from a crowd of navageo justn about to swarm down the embank mont towards us. The swivel having started the ring-bolt of his brecohing, wso disabled, and peering anxiously through the norid, blinding smoke no it thinned, I oaw that oar foes had for the moment retreated. Turning to look baokwardo, Inoticed that aeolumn of grimy smoke was issuing from our funnel. Wade was ourning frantically as he wreatled with the rusty machinery and the dull vibrations of the panting engines thrilled the vessel from stem to stern as a shower of hot steam oecaped from the valves. Would we never movoe ? " Come boys, altogether, one time." I shouted, and flinging ourselves dea perately against the poles we made a final effort to push off. The sorow gave a hallf-turn, oburning the green water into yellow.tipped pulp, while the marsh-miasma laden with poison ous exhalations ascoended in a thick eloud under our nostrils. A few heads protruded cautiously from be hind thebo foliage, and a volley of orrows flew by-one transfixing my hat. Wade loosening the throttle valve, blew a ringing blast upon the whistle, and the heads vanished as if by magic. "1Hurrah I she moves" he shouted. There was a loud suction beneath her koeel and bubbling of oily water about her propellor, and a gust of deadly atmospheore almost choked us -as we sboved for the last time and the launch slid elowly away from her mud barth, and, rustling past the reeds, floated into navigable water, in the nilck of time. I ran to the wheel and headed her for up-river. ''he eon was on the point of setting, and the river flowed a orimuou satffrou stream, in whihob it was impossible to pick out a course free from sand banks, I eould but trust to luck, and luok did not fail me. Less than a quarter-of-an-hour later, we had nuohored in mid-stream out of range of the native's powder, and eecure in the belief that now that night had sot in we would he un molested. Our next move was to have supper, and then we set out making a thorough overhaul of our newly ao quired possession. It is impossible to estimate the probable speed of the launch from the brief trial we had gained of her capa bilities; the next day would settle that point. Her mnchinery and engines were of a primitive type, and Wade, like all old hands in Woest Africa, found little diflioulty in master ing their details. As for the steering a novice like myself stood on equal terms with an experienced helmsman where unexplored courses hlead to be followed. All that was needed was to keep a sharp look-out for sand banks and sespieious looking shallows and to trust in Providence personified in the vigilant Eru-boy who stood beside me at the wheel. We spent several hours in thoroughly drench ing the rusty oogs, chains, and rods with oil, and alterwards we located and made good several leaks. In our sudden fight we had left a quantity of trade-goods and rations behind in the dug-out, but lulckily our oomploto outfit of powder, ammunition, taoktlo, and clothes had been brought away intact. Our oexperieneoo however taught us that on no futoro ocoasion would it be safe to land unarmed. The slave raiders weoro abroad and we could not afford to lose any of our little company. In the morning we looked about nous osriously. We had drifted, during the night, moro than a hundred yards, owing to the shifting of the sand and ourrents, and were slose to the shore on the opposite side of the river. The Kru-man plunged into the eddying ourrents, and, swimming ashore with a 'rope, fixed the end to a stout baobab tree, and, getting tho kedges overboard, we prepared to warp out from the sand bank on whioh we had grounded. About ns were still on either side traces of low-lying swamp, but, at a diestnce of perhaps thirty miles ahead, we disoornod the begin ning of the ohain of mountains whioh, starting from Sheba, continued un brokenly into the heart of the Zegzeog races, our destination, full eighty miles away. Among the spreading branohes of the myrtle-trees about the noolivitioa on the banks many birds flitteorod, doecked in rich plumago~ef splendid variety, some full and melodi ous of note, others harsh and dis agreeable, but no human habitations or canoeso were visible. We had the greatest difficulty in getting away. The river seeomed to be a not-work of banks with no more than a few feet of water over them. At one minute we would be aground head-and-stern, the current bubbling and roaring beneath us nmidbships; aud the next we weore blnrd-and-fast amidship with a curront running like a sluico under us fore nud-alb fit to break the vesosel into halveo. At last we made a start, and, turn ing up a read-fringed croolk, the green clog-weed about our bows thinned as we emerged into a long stretoh of river fully two hundred yards wido, and froo from the fever-rook of the abandoned, stoewing uwamps. Hero the folingo became less dense, and large trees snurrounded biy broad bladed, oouere gra?e took the place of the rankt rushes iand enalse-liaunted ooze of the rorok sides. Thie brown water glistened bohind il nous in broad iands of purplo, bronze, uid green a? we ptonneaoed merrily along, tartiing here and there, browning hioris of do?or ani largeJr genime aln the Wllte.ze oil th tihrohiiilg enllgilio and our olieeiofll voiclla reno nellllltll ole rly Ieroi: the untuIra i, IDuring /1ho day we aus'd ?over,'l iiiuiall nIl iviI vil(lll( h ---Iutn Oni)leitini l If a 1)1 o)) llai te u Itriight ii) mli II uvi lid imo tiom emi im(jm )1mm m of illit (Irti, lieu' mml~()ii, IiyjJ tutu 111 4 Ilium1 rI)f wh)I \'iris w !mon com *J d o)f ,him i SIr i l i jltim h (itlhtut l t7jim l hhrtiuhy II e[)H ? , il et4 htl r the l i nI ie ith r ,L 111 t uit m t It111} l,/) \ I/ )IIVII, |))1 ' ia~W!IW llj,' Ij ,i rliiu Ut, I itittili 'II i l e ) lit il tiir to lu itil o Ihiil l d 'ui I li clbii m l hI fe jiig! Ali) t Inliit e l'tihl~ll til l'ill p I! tidtI, t t! !!Yi*)' IU'l?loi t III$ !,t ~Il,' llj !lttp~ lh, alongside of the shore, at about three miles below Bhaba, and endeavour to resume our journey on the morrow. It was in any caseno, impossible to travel by night. After our men had boiled some yams and regaled themselves with the few remaining balls of fo-fo, we set to work, and after much trouble oucceeded in making the louneh fairly water tight. It seemed doubtful whether we should be able to get more than twenty miles a day out of her as she so rusted and blistered that as fast as one strain was repaired another would break out afresh. It waos lante when we turned in, all in ill-homer, despondent, and thoroughly tired out. For an hour or so, I lay stretching my wearied limbs under the sheltered deck, vainly sooking sleep; but I might have saved myself the trouble. F'om the deep darkness lying across the river and forest many weird and inexplicable noises disturbed my rest. Much reduced by my recent attaick of fever and dysoentory-the latter cured by the native raw rico-water prescrip tion-my nerves weore flabby and my temper irritable, as might be expected after the long dull nches and pains in my head, which I still experienced in a modified degree. The river was beginning to fall, and in the crooeek about us the tide was low, and bull frogs, crocodiloe, acrd mud-fich could be hoard at their uncouth gambols in the awamp. The surrounding vile odour and the steaming heat were in describable. Blood-thirsty mosquitoes in showers, and rats hopping from corner to corner, kept me in a fever of impotent resentment, brolkeon by a thousand curious famoies as I watched the glimmer of the fire- flioe and listened to the rustle of the river and languid sigh of the hot winds through the trees. Presently I distinguished a persistent thumping noise, ap parently coming from some little distannce inland. It would cease for a moment only at intervals, and then reocur in an intensifiod degree. The dark forest lay all around lilke a wall, and from behind camo sounds as of wood-devile moaning faintly, and the rush of many wings. I could stand it no longer. " Wade I" I whispered, tugging at his wrist, what's this infernal row ashore; have you boon asleep ?" "Not I," he ansewered, " but I was just dozing off when the niggors started; they've got some heathen festival on, I reookon. Feel like having a poop at it ? It's no good trying to sloop now; we'll have the moon up soon, and morning isn't far off, so lot's put our time in that way." Itousing the Haunasn, we ordered them to lead the way, and leaving the Krn boys in charge, jumped on to a log conveniently close by, and statted. For lights our guards ignited etieka of the oleagonous m'nasa tree, which burn for a quarter of an hour, brilliantly. The bark ing of jackalls, answered by the laugh of the hyaenua or deep bane voice of the leopard, and other growls or hoarse cries ceased as we advanced nautiously beneath the gigautic, heavy foliago of the Iudia-rubber trees and baobabs just as another rapid roll of drumming breaking upon the un wonted stillness again died away, and the moon at last stealing timidly out east bluo and silvery rays over the bamboo swamps and towering amooth stemmed cotton trees with branches here and there a hundred feet above the deadly, moist earth. From the blue-black ehadows of the paw-paw groves, came faintly the ories of prowl oing animals as they retreated before our steps regardless of matted creeper and thorny undergrowth. The band of silver-oloud overhead disappeared only too quickly after we had gone a little distnce, and velvet blackness again hung overhead. We marched on in ningle file, Wade and I in the middle of the line. Noiselessly, and like a procession of ghosts, we wound through the trees whose leaves glimmered for an instant in red light and then vanished swiftly into opaeoo. The sickly fragranoce of acacia flowers mingled with the fetid reek of marsh reeds, grew fainter as we proceeded to higher ground. A stream of bristly-legged black ants, fastening their mandibles into the bare feet of our Hauseas, caused mnuch vigorous langnuage, and as our leader picked up his rifle, dropped in the confusion, a snaheo slid across the long barrel and disappeared hissing into the quivering grass. Suddenly a su0 cession of discordant ories, hoots in imitation of various animals, snatches of song, blasts upon horns, and other frightful outbursts broke forth closoe by, and the moon slowly reappearing I was able to see the foremost of our party placoe his fingers upon his lips as a sign of caution. All torchos were at once extinguished. " Croop along boeide me, Brice," said Wade; "they'ro sacrificing some poor devils in honor of the moon, it seems. They are usually all drunk at those orgies, so if we're careful thoro'll be no danger." (To be cotiuted.) P,,reon who toko pasaogo home by the Messangories Maritime (French mail) boat_ travel through nFreco and son Itrgo cities of that country at no extra s031. English inter protoern met the paneogerao at hMiroeillee and give tloom everoy naistanoo in landing and Iprsinle their luggago through the coantom, &o.-G312; 