|ii White Raiment. ;! . Y i i i ' - ' ; PUBUSHBD-B 'SmOlAIt A&BAKttKKBHT;"- . . | By William Le Queux, « 55\. Author of "Whoso Fiudeth a -Wife," g "Purple .and- Fino Linen,'! 'i Tho ® Day' of Temptation,"- " Of.. _ Royal Blood," &o.;, &o.; CorxsiOQT. - - ' ' CHAPTER XII. ) ; Thb MoBNiua After. . "Then- why havo you compelled me to tneet you -again?" she demanded fiercely, in a tone which showed her abhorrence of him. "The iast;timo wo met you told me . that you were goiiig abroad. Why. haven't .. ' jfou gone?" " "I've been, and come back again." ''Where?"' . ' , ' . A "That's my business,", he answered quite calmly. "Your welcome home' is not a iFery warm one, to say the least." "I have no"., welcome for my enemies." "Oh! I'm an enemy— eh? Well," he Added, "I .have always considered -myself your friend." "Friend 1" she echoed. "You show your friendliness .in a rather curious manner! You conceive these dastardly plots, and then compel me toi'do your bidding— to. act as your decoy!" "Come, - come," he laughed, his temper quite, unruffled by her accusation.; "You know that in all my actions I am guided ' by your interests — as well as -my own." "I was certainly not aware of it," she responded. "It cannot bo to my interest \- that you compel me to meet' you here like ; this, at risk of discovery. Would it not ' have been better if /our meeting -had taken place in London, as before?" "Necessity has driven me to make this appointment," he responded. "To write to you is dangerous, yotl wanted to give you .warning, so that you can place yourself in a position of security." "A warning — of what?" she asked breath lessly. "La Gioia is here." "La Gioia!" she gasped. "Here? Im possible !" La Gioia! It was the name I had found written upon the piece of paper beneath her pillow. "Unfortunately, it is the truth," he re sponded in an earnest voice. "The contre- ; temps is serious." ' "Serious I" sho cried in alarm. "Yes, it -js serious, and through you I am thus .placed in peril." "How do you intend to act?" "I have no idea," she responded in a hoarse tone. "I m tired of it all and driven ito despair— I am sick to death of this eter nal scheming, this perpetual fear that the terrible truth should become known. .God . 'knows how I have suffered during this past; year. 'Ah! how a woman can suffer and still live! I tell you," she cried, with sud- den desperation, " this dread that haunts me continually will drive me to take my life!" ... "Rubbish!" he laughed.' "Keep up your pluck. With a little ingenuity a woman can deceive the very devil himself." "I tell you," she said, "I am tired of life — of you— of everything. I have nothing to live for — nothing to gain by living!" Her voice was the broken voice of a woman driven to desperation by the fear that her secret should become' known. " "Well," he laughed brutally, "you've cer tainly nothing to gain, by dying, my dear." "You taunt me!" she cried, in anger. ''Yau who hold me irrevocably in this bond of guilt — you who compel me to.net as your accomplice in these vile schemes! I hate you!" "Without a doubt-," he responded, with a short laugh, "and yet I have done nothing to arouse this feeling of . antagonism." : "Nothing! Do you then think so lightly of all. the past?" "My dear girl," he said, : " onO should' \- uover-think-of— what . has gone by. ' It's- a .... bad, habit. _ Look: to yoim. owiy safety— . vond to tho future." v ; i "La 'Gioia ) is here!!'., she repeated' in a " low voice, as though unable fully to realise all that the terrible announcement, meant. "Well, how do you intend to act?" "My actions will be guided by ' circum- . stances," he replied. "And you? ' She was silent. The stillness of the night was broken only by the dismal cry of a night hird down near the lake. "I think it 'is" best that' F should die and, end it all," she replied in a hard, strained .voice. ' "Don't talk such nonsense," he said im patiently. "You are young, graceful, smart, with one of the prettiest faces in London. And you would commit suicide. JChe thing is utterly absurd." "What have I to gain by living?" she inquired again, that question being appar ently uppermost in her inind. "You love young Chetwode. You may yet marry him." "No," she answered, with a sigh. "I fear that can never -be. Happiness can never be mine — never." "Does he love you?" inquired the major, I .with a note of sympathy in hiB voice. . I, "Love me? Why, of course he does." "You have never doubted him?" "Never." "And he has asked you to marry him?" "Yes, a dozen, times." ; 'JWhen was the last occasion?" "To-night — an hour ago." - "And you, of . course, , refused?" "Of course." < "Why?" . "Because of the barrier which prevents my marriage with him." "And you will allow -that to stand in the way of your safety?" "My safety?" she echoed. "I don't under stand." - / - "Cunnot you see that if -you married , Cyril Chetwode at once, La Gioia would be powerless." . -- "Ah !" she exclaimed, suddenly impressed by the suggestion. "I had never thought of that !" "Well," lie went on,- " if you take my. advice, you'll lose no time in becoming Chetwode's wife. Then you can defy your enemies, and /snap - your' fingers at La Gioia." . A deep silence fell; (Qie woman tvh'o was my wife was reflecting. ' "You. say that by marriageT could defy my enemies, but that is incorrect. . I could not cut myself free of all of 'thenj." "Why? Whom would you fear?" "You yourself 1" she answered bluntly. "I know you too well, alas !" she went on desperately. "I know - that I could never bi safe from your ingenious plotting, that just -at the moment of my happiness you would cast upon ine the black shadow of the past." "You have no confidence in me," he pro tested with a dissatisfied air. "I can have no confidence in one who holds me enslaved as you do." "And yet I have come here at consider able risk . and personal inconvenience to give you warning." . "Because you fear discovery yourself." "No," he laughed. "I'm quite safe. I merely came hero to make two suggestions to you. One I have already made — namely, that you should marry Chetwode without delay. And the other: " Ho paused, as though accurately to gauge the extent of' his power over her. "Well? Go on. I am all attention." ' "The other is that you should, as before, render me a trilling assistance in a little matter I have in hand which, if success fully carried put, will pluco both of us for ever beyond tho reach of La Gioia's vengeance." "Another scheme!" she cried wearily. "Well, what is it? Some further dastardly plot or other, no doubt. Explain it." "No. You aro under a misapprehension," he responded quickly. "The affair is no dastardly plot, but merely a little piece of ingenuity by which we may outwit La Gioia." "Outwit her!" she cried. "The very devil himself could r,ot outwit La Gioia 1" "Afi!" ho laughed. "You women -are always so ready to jump to ill- formed con clusions. She has one- weak point." "And you have discovered it?" "Yes. I have discovered it." "How?" "That is my affair. It is sufficient to he aware that she, the invincible, is never theless vulnerable." There was anotber-pause, but at last the woman I loved responded in a firm, deter mined tone. . "Then, if this is trne, I leave it to you. You declare that you are my friend ; there-, ''fore; I ciin at least rely on. you for protec tion,, especially -us we have- so jhany inter/ eats. iii. common.",. ... . , . - . . "But you inust.'assist me;" he 'observed. ... , V -"No)'' ' she'' ' answered,' , /refuse to do that; I have painful- recollections of .what. has' already happened.- The grim ghosts of the past are always with me." ( "You ore far too impressionable," - ho laughed. "If I had not stood your friend, -you would have fallen into the hands of the police long ago." "And you?" she inquired. .. He did not respond. Possibly the sub- jeot was rather too unwelcome to admit of discussion. From his fingers I knew this man to be at least a gaol- bird who had jierformed hard labour, and it was also certain that with the ingeniously prepared cigarette.he had attempted to take my life. "No," she went on, in a clear, firm voice, "I refuse' to be further associated with any of your schemes. You are quite capable of carrying out any villainy without my assistance.". "Need we use the tenu villainy where La Gioia is concerned?" ho asked. " You know her well enough to be aware that if she finds you she will be merciless, and will gloat over your downfall." "I would kill myself before she discovers me," my wife declared. "But you might not have time," he sug gested. "To die willingly' demands con siderable resolution. Women's nerve usu ally fails them at the extreme .moment." "Mine' will not, you may rest assured of that," -she answered. \- "You don't seem capable of, listening to reason tomight," he protested. ' ) "I am capable of listening to reason, but not to conspiracy,", .'she replied, with some hauteur; ' . " I; know well what is passing in your mind. : It - ;is . not the first time , that, such a thought has .passed" there. ' You would , plot , to take, her life — to murder La. Gioia !" : : . : ; '.- Ho laughed outright, as though there were something humorous in her words. No, no, my ..dear,", he .answered: quickly. "You quite misunderstand my intention," "I misunderstood your intention on: a pre vious occasion," she -.-said meaningly. "But in this affair, our interests are-en. tirely mutual," he pointed out. . "You must assist nie." ; "I shall not." . . ''But' you must-. It is imperative. We havo". everything to gain by ' securing her silence..". . .. . , ,1 .. "And everything to lose by meeting her." ' "But when we meet her it will bo in defiance. I have ' thought out a plan." '-' "Then1 carry it' out,, she said. "I will have nothing -;whatever to do' with -it." "I> may compel, you," he said, with slow' distinctness.' ' ' ' "You' have already compelled- me to act as 'your accomplice, but you have strained mjr bonds nntu-'they can resist no longer. . I intend '-to. break them." . .-"That is,'; indeed, very interesting!" He laughed,-. treating;- her as though she were a spoilt child..- "Yes I" she! cried furiously. "I will kill myself." ' " . " "And leave me to make a scandalous ex planation." - "Then you would besmirch my good name after my. death !" she said, turning upon him quickly. "Ah I yes. You show your self in your, true colours. You woidd even weave 'about me a web' of infamy, so as to. prevent 'me. taking my life. I hate and detest you!" .. , "That's not . the first time you have in formed mo of . that fact, my dear," he re sponded, ' with perfect coolness.; "If it were not for you I should now be a happy, careless girl, without a thought beyond the man "I love. Thanks to you, I am, however, one of tho most wretched of all God's creatures." " You need not be. . You are petted in your own circle of friends, and your repu tation . remains unsullied." " I occupy a false position," she declared "What would Cyril say if he knew the truth?" "A woman .should never study the man who. is to be her husband. It makes uim far too conceited ; and, moreover, she is sure, to regret it in after life." He was .at times shrewdly philosophical, this scoundrel who held mv wife beneath his thrall. "I have you— only you— to thank for my present position. Believed by the world to be .an honest, innocent girl, and ac cepted as such, I: nevertheless fear from hour to hour that the truth may be revealed, and that I may find myself in the hands of the police. Death is preferable to this constant, all-consuming dread." " Tho unreasonableness and pertinacity of woman is extraordinary," he exclaimed, in a tone of impatience. " What good can possibly result from this duel between us? Why not let us unite in defeating La Gioia?" "That I refuse to do." " But our position is serious — most seri ous," he pointed out. "Suppose that she discovers you?" "Well, what then?" " You would be entirely at- her mercy," he said in a deep voice. . "And you know" her well enough to be 'aware that once de termined upon a course she never goes back —you know the fiendishness of her ven geance." "I know," she responded, in a voice scarce above a whisper, the voice of a woman driven to desperation. 1 "She is your enemy," . he said'.' "She; would torture, and afterwards kill 'you !" : ".She -could not. torturememove: than I : am- already tortured, with my mind so. full of fiU'that has' gpne'-by;"" my wife'fic- . ekred-.in -a hefarse,- unnatural voice which- plainly -told ofv, ucute suffering. . 1 " But you must arm yourself against her,'1, ho urged. " Together we lire strong enough to defeat any attack that she may, make. Remember, that she is in London in/search of you.".' "Do you think she'll easily find me?" . " Ah ! I do not know," lie responded. "She has, as you are well aware, mauy sources of secret information open to her. Before now she has got' at secrets that were supposed to be inviolablof She may dis cover ours." " Then toll ine plainly," she asked, drop: ping her voice until it was scarcely above a whisper, "do yon, yourself, fear her?" " Yc3. She is the only person who be sides ourselves knows the truth," be re sponded in a low tone. "And you would set a trap into which sho will fall?" she went on, still in a whisper. "Come, do not let us prevaricate longer. You intend to kill her?" There was a dead silence. At last her companion spoke. . " Well," he answered, " and if your sur mise is correct ?" ' " Then once and for all," she said, raising hor voice, "I tell you that I'll have no hancl whatsoever in it! I will not be your ac- complico in the crime, I am no mur deress !" Ho was apparently taken aback by the suddenness of her decision. " And you prefer to be left unprotected against the vengeance of La Qioia !" he said harshly. " Yes, I do;" . she said determinedly. "And recollect thnt- from to-night I refuse to he further associated with these vile schemes of yours. You deceived me once ; you shall nover do so again." - " It was for your own. benefit, your own safety," he declared quickly. " Enough 1" she cried in anger. "You have spoken, and I' have given my answ'e;-. I prefer the vengeance of La- Gioia to be coming yonr accomplice in a foul and secret crime." . He laughed alojad. " And you think you can break from me ns easily as this? Your nction to-night is foolish — suicidal. You will repent it." . " I shall never repent. My hatred of you is too. strong 1" " We shall see," he laughed. "Wo shall seel" ' . . "Let me pass!" sh4 cried, and leaving him walked quickly down the pathy and in a. few moments, the .flutter, of her light dress was lost_ in the gloom. Her companion laughed again, . a short, evil laugh, then turning hurried after her. ' I emerged quickly from my hiding-place, and followed them as far as the stiie. He had overtaken her, and was striding by her side, bending and talking earnestly as they woro crossing the open grassland. To follow sufficiently close to overhear what words he said 'was impossible without detection, ' therefore I was compelled to re main and watch the receding figures until they became swallowed up in the darkness. Then, turning, I passed through the belt of, wood again, and sealing a wall gained the' highroad which, after a walk of nalf- an-bour;: took ine back to Honnslow. That night I slept but little. The dis covery I hud, made . was. extraordinary. . Who was' this woman with the strange name? "La" Gioia" meant in Italian "The Jewel," or. ".The Joy." .Why did they fear her ven geance? In the morning, as I descended to break- -fast,- the landlord of the inn, standiug- in his shirt-sleeves, met me at the foot of the : stairs. .. . -. " " Have you heard the terrible news, sir?" ho inquired. ' ' "No," I said, in surprise. " What ; news?". . i " There was murder committed last night over - in Whitton Park!". ' "Murder!" I : gasped. "Who has been murdered?" ; - ,. CHAPTER, xm.. I Practise ;a New Professiok. '. i "Why, the' colonel's been -murdered— Colonel Chetwode !" : the man 'answered ex citedly.. . .- i- '' 0-":-'. vVf'-.A-" ;: . " Colonel Chetwode 1" 1 1 gasped; " Impos sible!" . , . , . " It's a foot," he declared. (- " The whole thing's a deep mystery. They found him at five o'clock this -morning." : "Tell me all about it," I urged. " Well, it seems a terrible . thing. Mv. Phimmer, sergeant' of police, was in here half-an-hour ago, and he told me all about it-. According to What ha says, it seems that a workman going- across the Park to Twickenham early this morning saw the body, of a man on the edge of the lake, half in' .the water. He rushed forward, and to his horror found it was the colonel, quite dead." . "Drowned?'' . ".No. , Ho wasn't' drowned. That's the curious part of it. -He was murdered." ' "How?" - ' ' . " By a blow on the head, the police be lieve: ' They've telegraphed to Scotland Yard . for" detectives. Plummer ' says that \- there are lots of marks near, the edge of the lake, as though a' struggle took place.". "Extraordinary!" I ejaculated. "You say he was quite- dead when ' discovered. Was a- doctor called?" '!Yes, .the .police surgeon, Dr. Douglas. .He declared thatjthe poor colonel had been murdered, andhabeen deatl several- hours." "And whtre is';the body?" .-".'At the Parla). of course," answered the landlord. . "They say that everyone is fearfully upset, and' that- several of the guests left for London by the first train this morning.'.' \- " And Mrs. Chetwode? Where is. she?" ".Beside'; her. dead husband; I suppose. They were not a vei-y happy pair in life, but "she -will no' doubt feel the" blow, heavily;" . - "Is there.no suspicion 'of the assassin?" I inquired, as a thought of, the man whom I had watched in the Park flashed through 'my. brain. "... " Saho . whatever," he . answered. . !' The.- colonel was very popular- everywhere, and "was i always 'good- to the poor. Even when ' on- the Bench, at Brentford he always erred on the side of leniency. Everybody . spoke well of him. It's his wife who isn't liked.. She's a runi 'uii, they say." "Where was the body found?'.' I in quired, when I had seated myself at table while -he had taken up' a position before the'empty fireplace to continue gossiping. " Ah," he said, " you wouldn't-, of course, - know the spot-, for you've never been, in the Park. There's a path which leads across the grass' at- the hack of the house through . some thickets, and, skirting the lake, crosses the brook by a little bridge. It was just by that bridge that the poor fellow was found. They think that- -just as ho hod crossed the bridge he was struck down, and then fell backwards into" the lake." " Ah ! I understand," I said. " Let's hope that the detectives will discover some thing when they arrive. It was evidently a most dastardly bit of work."'". The man's remark that I had no snow: ledge of the spot where the body was found aroused, me to a senso of my own position. If it were known that I had entered the Park that night, -might not a serious sus picion fall upon me? I recollected how, as I had crossed the bridge, I had heard distinctly a short cough. The murderer was, without doubt-, lurking there when I had passed. " Everyone is talking of it. Lots of people are going down to see the spot. I shall go down presently. Do you cpre to come?" the landlord asked. I acceded willingly, for I wished to see tho place in daylight, and as one of a crowd of sightseers I should escape observation. , Tho ono . thought which held me in re flection was of the identity of the assassin.' .Could, it have been the major? \- While I ate my breakfast, the man, full 'of the mystery, continued discussing it ill all its phases. I allowed him to run on, for every word he spoke was, to me, of intense interest. " The poor colonel was the very last man to have an enemy who would take his life," lie said. "He was hard-on us publicans very often, hut he was always just; He wasn't :a teetotaller, but he knew just as well us we do the evils of drink, and he tried to keep the people out of the -licensed houses. That was to his credit, aiid I say it, although - I'm a landlord. ' 13 very sub-' scription got up for a charitable object- he headed, with -a handsome donation, and he built and endowed Whitton'Church. Why, if it. hadn't lia' been for him there'B dozens of.families in Hounslow who'd have starved to death this hist winter — the brickmakers, " and ! people, who work in- the market gar dens, and .who were . frozen out." ' "But his second wife?" " Ah!" he said, with a knowing air, "he was never quite the same after he married again; He was kind of soured like-, and lie aged ; considerable, , as though worried , to death. They say that- she. -flirted 'indis criminately with every man she came, across, .no matter who he was." ; " As bad as -that — eh?" "Of. course I don't know for certain. I mily tell vou what I've 'eard. And I: 'ear a lot ill the bar parlpur o' nights." \\. : " Of;courae, of course,'1 I said. "People will- always talk.. But do you really think -it's the truth that she iB as giddy - as- re-' ported?" - ' ' "I really don't know," he responded, raising' his eyebrows: "These women of ; the upper ten are a, queer lot sometimes." ' . : " Well, the --colonel's death is ' a very mysterious affair; at any rate," I observed. ; \- I'Veiy,", ho said. "Arid one or two evil: . tongued people are. already suggesting that she might havPv'ha'd- a' hand in it.!' i'That is cruel," I answered. "She may be linpojiular, but that's no reason why she should be a murderess. I Buppose they base '-their suspieiqns'upon the quarrel, - of ' which -you told nie yesterday.''' . . " I suppose so. The first Mrs. Chetwode was'n born lady, but of this -woman nobody : ever knew anything of whP or what she ' was before he wqs so misguided as to marry. " Perhaps the police inquiries will throw some- light 'upon; that, "I- remarked. . to bb coktramss. ' 