THEATRE ROYAL. I A STRONG VARIETY COMPANY- _ ' There can be no two opinions about the fact that 'Mr. St. John, the enterprising lessee of the Theatre Royal, believes that variety is the spice of life, and proof of his opinion was strongly evidenced in the new speciality programme he submitted on Saturday evening. Needless to say, last week's advertising brought together a splendid audience, . whose appreciation in demanding encores lengthened the pro- gramme considerably. The first part con- sisted of a musical olio on the declt of a yacht, which was well represented by appro- priate scenery and clever stage setting. After a vocal overture from " The Geisha," sung by the entire company. Miss Adelina Palmer made her first appearance, sub- mitting for appro~ttl a melodious little ballad, " Mother of the girl I love," and for which she was deservedly encored. " Asleep in the deep" (bass solo), by Mr. Will Jones, followed, then Tom Edwards gave an amusing " end" song, entitled " Rainbow-road." There was vivacity in Miss Malvena 'Moore's contribution, especi- ally her dancing, which won her a hearty recall. Mr. Milford Haven, a name not unknown In other parts of the colonies, made his first appearance here, and soon was tat home with his audience, who ap- preciated his rendering of " Mary of Ar- gyll," but would have been better satis- fied .with another song than the repetition of 'part of a verse. Blutch Jones, an inimit- able nigger, has established himself "it the tRoyal as a favourite, and his song, "My Maori Girl," was fitting Introduction to a i grotesque dance that fairly captivated the audience. Few favourites have so in- gratiated themselves with patrons of the Royal as 'Miss Mollie Bentley. Her songs are alway3 worth listening to, anti Saturday night's effusion, " My mother -was a lady," touched the pathetic side of the audience unmis- takably. After Miss 'Daisy Chard gave hor speciality, " Honolulu Queen," a cakcwallc brought the curtain down on the first part. Dante's dexterities opened the second part, and fairly mystified the audience. Of Miss Connie Melnotte's three appearances, " The All Right Boys," was particularly weil re- ceived, and gave indication that her first appearance on Saturday will not bo her last by any means. Undoubtedly the " star" turn of the evening were the t,hree St. Georges, well named the " Happy Trio," who introduced a vocal and instrumental melange, calling into requisition a variety of ingenious instruments which adorned the stage, lu a twenty minutes' turn they in- troduced about as many instruments, in- terspersing the selections with quaint songs, yodelling, repartee, &c.; While they are on the stage not a moment is lost, 'and the large audience, not content with an encore, sought hard to prolong their occupancy of the stage. Miss Maud Fanning was fit- tingly detailed on the programme lo appear in her coon speciality and buck dance-a decided novelty from beginning to end. Miss Fanning may rest assured that she will long be welcomed by Brisbane lovers of the variety stage. Mr. Bert Bradley reminded us in song on Saturday that " Thore's some- thing in the English after all," and, in truth, it may be said there's something both graceful and clever in the turn given by the three Sisters Faust, who followed. Theirs is a deeidely unique performance, a blending of acrobatism and agile dancing. A nearness and finish characterised their every movement. Another new arrival, Mr. George Bentley, is, as he claims, eccentric, and his make-up as a Scottish Highlander was irresistibly laughable. The long pro- gramme concluded with a farce, entitled, "The Ghost In tile Pawnshop,"' in-which Blutch Jones had fine scope for his comi- calities. The Royal should undoubtedly en- joy a strong run of public patronage tais week. . 