WHILE it is inevitable that some little difference of opinion should prevail as to the selection of a successor to the first Anglican Bishop of Ballarat, there can be no manner of doubt that the nomination of the Right Rev. Dr Green, Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, to the vacant See will command the hearty approval of the vast majority of churchmen.throughout the diocese. -Dr Green labored amongst us with conspicuous success and accept ance as parish priest and as archdeacon prior to his undertaking the charge of a struggling New South. Wales diocese, and he returns to. a people whose esteem and affection he won in very high degree. He comes-with records of-marked successes in ,the.adsoinistratioh of the - diocese which he is about to quit, .full of vigor of mind and body, and matured by just the sort of experience which should qualify him for distinguishing himself in his new sphere. The testimony of the churchmen of Armidale and Grafton is that' although he; has only. dwelt among them for seven years, he has by his indomitable energy, zeal, and determination; achieved magni ficent results, and done: in.; that time, what any man might feel proud of having accomplished, m twioe as long -a period. -He has reorganised the diocese, provided it with an able staff .of clergy,■- found mean's for the: endowment of a Theological College, placed the' principal funds l of the-church on- a much sounder-basis, seen many- new. churches erected- throughout the .diocese, and generally brought about anfaccelera tion of its progress. : The work imposed upon the Bishop is stated to have been extremely arduous and trying/ necessitat ing almost .constant .-travelling over a diocese af very- wide-area and- scattered settlement, and the faithful and 'untiring manneron -.which-that-nk>rk "has been’ car ried out under,,conditions that were, not always'encouraging,afiords: every/augury: For. an equally energetic and successful administration of the affairs of thediocese of •■Ballarat'.... While-regretting; the-loss' of '‘an and "a sterling citizen,’’ the -journals :of Armidale : join in felicitations to Ballarat upon having se cured the nomination of so capable'and (rorthy/a successor to.Dr Thomtoify while Morriing Herald’’ .views the acceptance of.the vacant see.by Dr. Green j- r upon .Tvhich- I the : Anglican Dhnrchi,in;'Australia: may. wellhe contemporary proh iblyJvoice's;ajfeeling‘of satisfaction^that *fiU;hc t ' widelypfeltycj .mpr&'f-.'particularly imong - from * wh’ose rdnks'Dr. Green hM?xisen; l in-pn'tiTig ,'the nomination 'to ! the-see of jas a of hntadt;tlfitv“churcheS-need--hdfio^eut mereareto^ayso/manyclergjmenwho are fully equipped to take the oversight of a diocese that the appointment of any one of them would meet with no opposi tion from the others. If on this ground alone the ecclesiastical authorities in Bal larat are to be congratulated on their selection of a suecessor to Bishop Thorn ton.” The selection in this case of one who was born, bred, and educated in Aus tralia will hold out to others the encou raging assurance that there will be no bar to the promotion to the highest offices of the church of those who display gifts and qualifications, and have acouired ex periences such as to fit them for conspi cuous success in those posts of honor. To the churchmen of the diocese of Ballarat is~afforded an opportunity of indicating in a very practical manners the measure of their.appreciation of the prelate nomi nated for the .see, and of their "readiness to smooth his path, and encourage his work. .They are opportunely and forcibly reminded in the church periodical that the provision of an adequate endowment for the see is a duty of paramount ur gency. A fifth of the additional funds re quired has been found inUie sum of £2OOO subscribed by four generous churchmen—• the Hon. S. Winter Cooke, and Messrs Charles, Edward, and W. T. Manifold— and it is justly urged that at this time when the colony has been blest with favor able seasons, when trade is improving, when agriculture, grazing, industry, 'and commerce are all on the up grade, and employment is. plentiful, the raising of the remainder, of the requisite endowment should be a comparatively easy task for the churchmen of the diocese, whose num ber is computed at nearly 90,000. Upon the success of the mission in which the Dean is now engaged with a view to place the fund on a more satisfactory footing will largely depend the hope of the see to not only attract bishops of the calibre of Dr Thornton or of Dr Green, but to re tain them as against translation to higher offices in the church. In view of the objections urged against the Voting by Post Bill in the Legislative Assembly, the Government has nracti cally recast the measure, with a view to rendering its provisions applicable to those voters who, under the existing sys tem,-find it most difficult and inconve nient to exercise the franchise. It is now -provided that any male elector desiring to avail himself . of the new privilege must be able to satisfy the returning offi cer for the. district for which he is en rolled “ that he resides at least five miles from the, nearest polling booth at-which he is entitled to vote, or (b) that he has reason to believe either that on the polling day he will not be within five miles of the nearest-polling, booth at which he is en titled to vote, or that on. .account of ill health" or infirmity he will be prevented from voting personally at any such poll ing booth.” In the event of female suf frage being provided for, and woman qua lified to vote would be enabled to do so by post, , there being no stipulation as to distance from a polling booth in the case of women. Various hew clauses .are in serted with, a view to -providing , addi tional safeguards against abuses of the system, and the precautions for avoiding impersonation are specially increased. Asa matter of fact; the requirements of the Act, as amended, are such as to offer little encouragement to taking advantage of its' privileges, except in cases'of "neces sity. The average elector, haying rea epnable facilities for. access to a . polling booth, would find it very much easier and. simpler to record his vote in the ordinary, way than to goto the trouble.of proving his claim to a postal paper, and making use of it" in the .stipulated manner. It is provided in the new . measure that votes must be recorded ,before any postmaster or officer within ah elector’s electoral dis trict, or before any. postmaster outside his district., " Electors-would have" to pro duce the.postal.ballot-paper not filled tip to the offioer; then they; would -have to-write oh the ballot- paper, at the place-indicated, the name of the candidate or candidates for whom they l vote, but so that -the postmaster or offi cer shall not see the same. Electors have next to refold and. fasten the postal ballot-paper and sign their names on the counterfoil, in the presence of the post- - ; master-;oryofficerj -whrcshallt witness the ; Bignafidre;' and -enclose : the. postal: ballot caperin'the envelope'provided, and hand it:at;once to the postmaster or officer for. posting. ' Postmasters, or postal officials have to: post the postal ballot-papers as soon as practicable.; .They have also to see that persons-handling their postal ballot papers sign a'retura or list, which has also to.be forwarded to the returning officer.: . .Many of the- objections to the; .original "measure have been overcome cr modified-by . and: in its new-form it islikelyto command in-, creased support.in Parliament!-t; . The Ballarat Star” tor.day,’Contains six) pages..,. On our third page will -be found:, a,report of the proceedings. Court:.-yesterday,:;Police;i Court'’* reports', ll .letters to theeditor/ietc. Page four cons’- ■ tains an ,-;'article‘6h\the, war in South: iAOTMfi r entitled- Y Cmpa irom;GhiJaa, J ',and.other items, v- ; .r Mr -Irenwith'- drew-- attention to the fact eftiployti of , the Pdsthlc were"'dding-.men’s-.tork and) Mr /"’that’ : i tt i^tb^s^gros^dnjnifcibb^iiliafeaemployee started from Kew with ballast for the new: railway. ;• connection ; being- made , ..through Collingwood, and- on board the train were a number of navvies.. While , travelling between Clifton Hill and Merri- Creek some of the trucks, ran off the line and telescoped, the result being that three men were killed and several others injured. .A’ report of the disaster will be found in ' another column. , The ■sittings of the Supreme Court, be fore his Honrr Mr ' Justice Hodges, -was concluded yesterday, when- a large amount of. business wasgot .through-. The Durnns town alleged maslaughter case was finally disposed of, O’Leary being found not guilty,' the hearing of the whole case last ing only two hours. Arthur Heaney, who on Wednesday was found guilty of larceny from the Red, White and Blue mine, was sentenced to twelve months’ imprisonment with hard labor. Albert Coram, who was oharged with inflicting grievous bodily harm on William Simmons, re sulting in the latter losing the sight of one eye, was found not guilty. Two divorce cases were disposed of, and the court closed at 6.43 p.m. His Honor leaves this morning for Geelong. •The nominations of Mayor Heinz for the north ward, and Cr R. Pearse for the south waid were handed in yesterday, in addition to those already- lodged. The only retiring councillors who are still not nominated are! —Cr E. Morey, M.L.C., for the central word, and Cr H. F. Elliott, for the south ward. Both have notified their intention of standing for re-election and their nomination papers may be lodged at any time before 4 p.m. on Mon day next. The requisition asking Mr R. G. Mid dleton to consent tw be nominated for the south ward in the City will be presented at Craig’s hotel at 8.30 o’clock this even ing. Mr J. Noble Wilson will' be the spokesman on the occasion, and, consider ing the success that has beenVmet with bv those who have taken the initiative in the matter a favorable answer is almost certain. A large number of signatures have been attached to the requisition, and the canvassers did not meet with a single refusal. Mr T. J. Smith, of Bridge street, has nominated for the representation of the south ward in the Town Council. Mr D. Kerr and Mr J. T. Sadler, M’s.L.A., -have received intimation from •the Education Department, ,that repairs to" State schools are to be effected as fol lows:—Trunk Lead, 1904, general' repairs and renovations; Mortcbup, 1561, new iron- roof, -repairs and painting; Mount Doran,' 1614, covering, roof with iron, re pairs and renovations; Scarsdale, iron roof, floor new, painting and- general- re pairs. Mr Dickman', the well-known furniture dealer, of Armstrong street, had a narrow escape from meeting with serious in jury yesterday morning through the al leged gross carelessness of a Chinese vegetable hawker. Mr Dickman had just made a purchase at Mr Edwards’ painter’s shop, in l Skipton- street, and was crossing the road, when a pony attached to a cart laden with vegetables came gal loping down the street at a-great pace. The driver, -a Chinese, made mot the slightest attempt to check the animal, and Mr Dickman was in imminent danger of being run- over. With great presence of mind be seized the animal by the head, and managed, to divert its course. Messrs Edwards and Ronaldson ran- to Mr Dick man’s assistance,-and called upon the driver of the vehicle to stop, .but the Chinaman merely- smiled, and without waiting to see if Mr Dickman had been in jured whipped 'his pony into a gallop, and managed to escape without his identity being established. The Town Court was occupied for a con siderable time yesterday in hearing a charge preferred -by Constable Jones, of Warrenheip, against J. B. Johns, well known as the valuer of Ballarat East. The charge was one of carrying firearms, and the oase was a somewhat extraordinary one. Johns was, according to jhe evi dence, on his way. home, carrying a gun, and when passing a quiet spot on the Eureka road someone jumped out on him. The apparition, according to the state ment made was an appalling one, but Johns rose to the occasion and struck it with the stock of his gun, and it was promptly “laid.” Then Johns,-thinking that perhaps he had injured the player of a practical joke, went to the constable’s residence and reported the fact, and-that officer, most unkindly, in John’s opinion, summoned him. The bench, however, set aside the ghost story, and fined Johns £2, ordering him,“tin default to be impri soned till the rising of the court. As this occurred about five minutes after the penalty was only nominal. We are asked to 'draw.:attention to the change of places for the China. Inland mis sionary meeting this evening. As an nounced last week, it , was to have been held in St. Paul’s, Ballarat East. It was subsequently learned' that »a diocesan mis sionary meeting had previously been • ar ranged for the same evening, hence the I change. It is expected that there, will be a large attendance, as Mrs Stott is 'most I intimately acquainted with life and work in 'China, and tells her story most inter estingly. In . very many ways the Victorian Post Office ia sadly behind.the times, and our a tent ion has been drawn to one direction in which a change might with advantage be made. The New South- Wales postal authorities -have wisely followed the sys tem in vogue in Great Britain with refer j ence to registered letters. Strong linen envelopes, paper faced, are supplid to the public at-3d apiece. These are specially I marked with a thin red cross, and the re gistration number appears on one side of the envelope. The sender is advised- to stick the stamp over the flap of the en velope after the latter has been- closed, and the obliterative marks at the .send; ing. office are -also stamped partly on the flap and partly on the main portion of the envelope, so that it is impossible to tam per with the missive without the inter ference leaving. easily observable traces. The appearance of the envelope, also, is suoh that attention is at once attracted to it, and should the sender have neglec ted to register it that work must be, done for office purposes, so .that -the work of •tracing it if it has been stotenis a matter of comparative ease. - In Victoria, ordin ary-envelopes, are used-, and the only dis tinguishing marks upon it -are those placed there by means-of rubber stamps. Any attempt-at rendering difficult the work of tampering with the missive must be made by the sender. In each case the ordinary adhesive stamp that would be placed:upon any letter must be attached. The Rev. W. Fraser yesterday received a message from the secretary of the China Inland -Mission; announcing that a-cable gram ; had been received from China stat ing that, two of the missionaries, Messrs Clinton and Bruce, who had been working in one of the inland provinces, had safely reached Hankow, one of the treaty ports. Mr Clinton' is a Eallarat missionary, who was very well known and highly respected. A message was-also - received from Miss Henry, the daughter, of, a Ballarat Resi dent; who also- left some time’ago to join the Inland Mission. The message stated •that'Miss Henry had reached. Hong Kong and had embarked for Australia. The Town Council wili'ifeet an hour earlier, than usualto-day, in order ;that the councillors may proceed to the Eureka Stockade Reserve, where a tree-planting ceremony will be,held,. Forty-two trees • will be planted in the enclosures prepared for- them. ' 5 A.serious: accident ,befel- Mrs Mackay, of Mollonghip,; near -Dean,- ■' bn*. Wednesday. By. some mischance Mrs Mackay’s dress became caught in "some machinery.,in mo tion andbeforethe latter could be stop ped Mrs M'Kay-had been knocked down and sustained a fraoture of the right leg. Dr Salmon was.sentfor, and set the broken limb, and. yeilerday Mrs MTlay, who was removed’ to Ballarat , in order that she might receive the necessary medical‘at tonti9n,-.was. progressing as well as could he expected. v' • - The-Ballarat Gun GLub- will-hold its monthly matches at - the Miners’ -Race course;td-dayi, The- committee announce that in- consequence 7 'ofV the unruly: be havior ;J'pf T>oys - ’attending- the club’s matchesit. has-beeni determined hot to ad mit any of them into the racecourse en ;Closure.j~ v A -notice appears in ■ another ■column-tor this' effect; ,‘Regi| - t announcement: j3f'.:Canoli-;-Henry ' Hewitt Panlet Han’dfield;. of;St.. Peter’s, Church, ; :r . of;Canon Handheld Melbourne, loses' 1 one of , its old-; .e’st/ahd-mqat.'hdnbfediclefgymen, and the •Church ofcEnglflnd.tonejOf; its; best-loved .w orkers. “Gahpn-HandfffeldjBßeligious;work has > the FSVjft {two' yearAafter, Jns ordination- in .1852 'he .beca'mejinCuin-f 'hentof^St.'^^f^a,'j'ahd l thenceforward : .to *he;day oflnia deathiheßemaihedln l 'charge ,??;;I'^®: c SV^,h^vhhih"is^ J of Meli; S'S9?r£s ©he?JuFcumtanoh’-fwhicS' j ibasi .t^dtd^-fp^m^eVtne^hl&hb;^of‘ ! St.'ip;eter’e itCPhafriagd - the unghti Hb^ypt ominent : in: afitt ilrinity: Cpnegei- au^wMhispersonaipbpularity and his claims on the church' that; it is generally understood that the Deanery of Melbourne was at his disposal when it became vacant- on the death of his old colleague, Dean Macartney, had he cared to sever the ties of a lifetime' -by: leaving St. Peter’s. The rev. gentleman’s health has been failing-for the, past few years, and he passed away late on Wednes day night.at the age of 71 years. To-morrow’s football match should prove to be one of the most exciting and inter esting games-that has taken.-, place this season. It is between Ballarat and Im perial, and as both teams are now level and only one more match has to be play ed, the winning team to-morrow cannot lose the premiership unless another game is arranged. The association has warned the players of both teams that cases of undue roughness in their play will be severely dealt with, and have appealed to them to play the game in a proper and manly spirit. It is confidently believed that this warning will be quite sufficient to have the association’s wishes carried out. Mr Carris is the central umpire. •Hr John Meehan has received a letter from the general- secretary of the Aus tralian Natives’ Association, Mr Fred. C. Wainwrig-ht, intimating that the appli cation for a charter for the Newington branch of the association, has been granted, and Monday, the 20th inst., has been accepted as the date for the opening of the branch. The board of directors will be represented on- the occasion by the Hon. A. J. Peacock, M.L.A., Mr 11. L. Nieholl, and the general secretary. Mr Meehan has also received a telegram from Mr J. L. Purvss, Q.C., stating that he will come to Ballarat to attend the opening of the new branch, "unless busi ness absolutely prevents, which is im probable.’’ Patrick Flynn, an old man described as having no home, was admitted to the Hos pital yesterday suffering from injuries to one of his shoulders, the result of falling over a fence. A little girl named Isabella Murray, eight years of age, living in Skipton street, was treated at the insti tution for cut over the left eye, caused by falling down some stairs. Lieutenant-Colonel Williams, of the 3rd Battalion, will deliver an address entitled The New Policeman, at the pleasant Sun day afternoon next Sunday in connection with the Services for the People. In ad dition vocal items will be rendered by Miss Ida Osborne, the popular contralto of •Melbourne; Miss Annie Smith, and Mr jJ. T. Vereoe. An euphonium solo, with ; orchestral accompaniments, will be given by Mr W. Butland. Mrs'P. Scaminell is I the accompanist. The monthly meeting of the City Board of Advice wa3 held yesterday. Present— Messrs Stoneman, Crowe, Mitchell, Couit hard, and Mrs Whiteside. Reports were received from the various schools of at tendance during July:—Urquhart street, girls 616, boys 635; Macarthur street, girls 529, boys 554; Dana street, girls 557, boys 549; Pleasant street, girls 313, boys 312; Wendouree, girls 76, boys 82; Black Hill, girls 104, boys 126; Alfredton, girls 15, boys 24; total for month, 4459, an increase of 135. The department notified that the requirements at the Central school would be attended to at once, and in regard to the Wendouree school the Public Works Department 'had been asked to furnish a report. Mr Stevens, the well-known furrier, of Sturt street, intends leaving Ballarat for the old country next week. His stay will not. be a long one, as he hopes to be back in this city before Christmas. From the " Police Gazette"—Samuel Ma gor, dealer, 64 Talbot street south, Bal larat, reports stolen at Brazenor’s pad dock, two miles from Ballarat, between the 9th June and the"2Bth ult., a bay horse; value <£lo 10s. John M’Ray, butcher, Beaufort, reports stolen at Beaufort, on the 30th ult., 11 crossbred wethers and a merino ewe; value .£ll. Parker Bros., farmers, Sulky, report stolen at Ballarat, on the 30th June last, a cattle dog. John Boyle, miner, Madden’s Flat, near Snake Valley, reports stolen from his dwelling, on the 30th ult., articles of clothing and other property; value <£2. Mrs John Kelly, Dereel, near Rokewood, reports stolen at Dereel, between the 27th and 29th. ult., a heifer and bull calf; value <£s 10s. Thomas Martin, miner, Pitfield, re ports stolen from, his hut, on the 2nd inst., a gold collar-stud, set with, a diamond, a nugget pin, and ,£3 Bs. Yesterday, Mr Cormack, of the Ballarat Post Office, received a letter dated 23rd June, from his sister, who is a mission ary in China. The writer, who is sta tioned in the Chingkiang province, said that they had heard a lot of rumors of fighting in Peking, but up to the present they had not been- molested, .either by Boxers or'by. the populace,-al though there had been threats made to burn the mis sion station. Rumors had also been heard.of murders committed in the ad joining-provinces. At itlie City Beard of Advice meeting yesterday Mrs Whiteside called attention to the fact that the average at nearly all the schools had been seriously interfered with by the practice of parents taking their children away on Friday afternoon for a holiday, the idea being presumablv that if the parents have the half day off for recreation the children should be en titled to the same, apparently forgetting the fact that they have the full day off on Saturday. The averages of the schools were liable to be so greatly affected by this that in the case of some schools whose attendances have been reduced to the minimum limit there was a possibility of some of the teachers being withdrawn, which was a thing 'to be. avoided if pos sible. Yesterday, before Mr Johns, P.M., a court for the revision- of the electoral lists of Ballarat Bast, Warrenheip, and Dun garee was held. There were only a fen; objections to be dealt with. One elector was transferred, at bis own request, to another electorate. The exciting and interesting ceremony of "driving out the devil’’ from the Chinese Camp will be carried out to night by the Chinese inhabitants of Bal larat. Extensive preparations have been in progress during the past week for the celebration, and the Chinese cooks ‘have been kept • busy preparing for the feast that forms a very important part of the proceedings. The service which is a par ticularly lengthy one, will probably com mence aboutlO o’clock at night, and con clude at 4 o’clock iu the.mofning, with the beating of tom-toms, cymbals,, and the burning -of vast quantities of colored I paper. The City police require an owner for a [ ladies’ gold fob chain found in the streets I yesterday. - There was -another large attendance at the Wanderers’ cyclists’ carnival last night, when, the stall-holders again did a .thriving business, and there is every pros pect of the .carnival proving a success. A bright musical programme was presented, though the Mechanics’ Hallwas so crowded thaf the music .was to a certain extent lost- on the audience. ~ The various side shows', post office, shooting gallery, etc., were all largely patronised, and the ladies who- are in charge of the various stalls be complimented on the energy which-they have thrown into their'self imposed task. The.secretary, Mr H. Ross, considers that the result of the carnival, which concludes to-night, will be satis factory to-the club. To-day a Sunday school teachers’ cum missiohary meeting will bo held at Christ Church Hall, opening at 3 o’clock, when the Rev. E. A. Radcliffe will read a model •lesson.. Tea- will be served at 5.30, and will be followed by a service at 7’o’clock, at which the Suffragan Bishop, Right Rev. Dr Cooper - will preach. A missionary meeting will be held at 8 p.m., which will be addressed by Miss Barrett. _Mr E. F. Ryan, who is a candidate for Warrenheip will address the electors to night at O’Brien’s hotel, Ormond, at 8 o’clock. ; A successful social gathering in connec tion with the Burnbank street Sunday Sphool was held last night in the school room. There was a very good attendance, | and,; with singing and games, a very plea sant evening was spent. . During the pro ceedings light refreshments were provided for all present.,, The fortnightly meeting of the H.A.C.B. Society was -held last night in the Trades Hall. ' The president, Mr J. J. Shelley,' occupied the chair. His Lord- Ship the Bishop was present and asked the "of, the members, in assisting him to. raise funds, for -the. building of the newi hall ih Dawsbni' street: • It was de oidM;. with the. Young- Men’s ;.Soiaety with a. view of devising means to raise the 'necessary amount. Sick pay to the..amount .qf,.i£3 i l6s Bd, was passed, for elected and .three nominations weTe received, ;• Ar rangements, were; made by the branch- to ~w»eloomie-the •- Archbishop'. on the occasion of, his visit to Ballarat. . ’ A , • Tdriiight/at the Disciples’-Chapel, Daw son '/-street, < ;a service of .song, entitled .".Crippled.Rbbbip," < will-be-rendered, the proceedsbeingin- aia. of-the funds of, the- Melbourne \City Mission: , The abstract ' •of:.the work;done by.this mission -during sthe years .1899-1900 snows that the six mis sionaries-. inadels,64l house -to house (mils andi'3l77^special: sick ;. ; ; They feon ,ductedisB2igospel• services,, at wMch.tih.efe ftfbsiaii estimatediatteudance of 20,000 jper; l boh.^They. hadniaterially assisted UO7B famUiea with food, firing, and clothing. and 73 persons were taken to the hospital when no one else knew of their suffering. Employment had also been found for 41 persons. It will be thus seen that the mission is one specially deserving of help. At the close of the meeting of Excel sior Tent, 1.0. K., held last evening, the D.C.R., Br the Ven. Archdeacon Tucker, gave a very interesting lecturette on “The Siege of Cawnpore.” A charge for admis sion was made in aid of a distressed bro ther. There was a large attendance. The rev. gentleman's lecture was very enter taining, and contained a large amount of interesting . information. During the evening -songs and recitations were ren dered- by the members. It was decided to celebrate the anniversary of the tent by a grand concert, to be -held in, the- Alfred Hall on the 20th inst. Several well known- artists will render the programme, including Miss M. Conoly, of Melbourne, who delighted -her hearers on the occasion of -her last visit. A big show of blankets, calicoes, and towels is now on- view at Harry Davies and Co's. The firm open a- special sale to morrow, which. will be continued foi seven days, of the above goods. Beal winter bargain prices will be charged, and the value should thoroughly satisfy every purchaser. The Ballarat Trustees Executors and Agency Company, Limited, invites (by ad vertisement elsewhere) persons having claims against the estate of the late Mr John Murphy, of Windermere street south, to send particulars of same to the office of the company, Camp street. Messrs John Snow and Cos. announce the purchase, at a big discount for cash, of a consignment of 987 dozen Christy’s Turk ish towels. The goods are slightly faulty, but are offered at about half the usual rates. The great sale of towels commences to- morrow, and at the same time lots of other good bargains will be offered as an nounced in our advertising columns. 