Lily of Mordaunt. By Mrs G-. Sheldon Authoress ot “The Masked Bridal,’ “The Magic Cameo,” &o.;) CHAPTER XIX. JANE COLLINS' SXOKT. Arley awoke,, weary and uurefreslied, tne next morning. Sho had experienced a. sense of protection and safety while lc^u*f beneath the same root with -‘ bJhp> eron though she saw so little of him; but now, aloue in her new quarters, with no one to whom slie oould speak one word, a feeling of desolation, almost of despair, settled down upon her. .Frightful dreams as sailed lior; sleep would no sooner weigh her eyelids down then she would stare wildly up, trembling in every lrnib, perspiration starting from every pore; ana this was repeated again and again, until she was nearly exhausted wlien morning broke, but very thank ful to have her night of horrors at an end. After eating her simple breakfast, which she had arranged to have brought to her room, she dressed herself with great care lor her call upon the Eng lish consul. ..She chose a dress of rich black silk, . veWu^laboafcaEbumadfl.Jimd, fitting, her. to perfection?^She weye no coTlahtiSTit" fastened a mass of costly creamy lace about her throat with a single blazing diamond, and put mates to it in her small ears. She tied a dainty, be witching liat of black and white luce over her soft brown hair, and drawing on lior long-wristed pearl gloves, lookcu the elegant lady from the top of her pretty head to the tap of her little foot. Her trials, and sorrows, and home sickness had worn upon her somewhat, so that sho had lost something of her former girlish roundness, and this, with tlio pallor engendered by her restless night-, gave her an extremely delicate, reiiiied, even patrician look. She had noticed it herself while fastening the ties of her hat, and a faint smile curled her lips, as sho murmured: ‘‘If I am not Arley Wentworth, the grandchild of the renowned Dr. McAl lister, I certainly have some evidences of good blood about me.” There was not a particle of vanity in this speech, however; there was only a feeling of content in the fact that no low-bom person could possess certain characteristics which looked out at her from the glass. The mystery of her birth was ever uppermost in her thoughts, and she never saw her reflection without asking, "Who was my father—who my mother? Oh! shall I ever know?” When she arrived at the residence of the consul, she gave her card to an usher, and was. shown into a reception room, where she found several others, who, liko herself, were seeking an: in terview with her majesty’s representa Ai’ley sat down upon a vacant chair to wait her turn, and then glanced about her to see if she could find an English face among her visitors. Wo; they were all foreign—German, French, Russian, and, for aught that she knew, Turk and Mohammedans, hut not one regular John Bull among them all did she see. She heaved a sigh of regret, and a feeling of lone liness began to steal over her again. Suddenly, however, every nerve in her body tingled with a strange de light, for, directly behind her, she heard an unmistakable English voice say, in a loud, eager whisper: "John, Jolin! do ye remember the beautiful lady that was picked up at sea, eighteen years ago, by tho vessel that brought us from Bombay?” A shock liko electricity shot through Arley at these words, and turning her head a trifle; she saw, seated in the shadow of a curtain a little back of her, a burly, red-faced Englishman and, as she supposed, • his wife. But sho pretended not to hear what had been said, while, in fact, she was straining every nerve to catch wliat should come next. “I’m not likely to forget the leddy. mother, when I helped to haul her aboard, and thought sure she were dead, when her purty white face dropped so heavy on my shoulder. But that were nothing to tho way she cried and grieved for her baby, that she was never to see again, when she came to, poor thing; and how she clung to her good man, moaning fit to break one’s heart, and all he could do was to hold her close and say never a word, though his own face were that white and hope less it knocked me all in a heap every time I looked at him. But what brought ’em to yer mind just now, old woman?” “ ’Sh, John! not so loud, man; but the first chance ye get, give a look at the purty girl sitting right afore ye, and tell me if she isn’t the very image of the leddy ye helped to haul aboard the Black Swan on her liome’ard voy age? I.tell ye, man, she has the very same pair of eyes and wavy brown hair, the same pretty red lips and baby chin.” Arley felt all the strength suddenly leave her, as if all power to move even hand or foot had deserted her. She seemed like some frozen image planted there, without either life or motion, though she was filled with a nervous, inward trembling. Had she come all the way to Spain— had it been needful for her to suffer all that she had suffered during the past year, to be led hither in this strange way, and under such peculiar circumstances, in order to discover who she was,, and to have the great enigma of her life revealed to her? Was the mystery about to be solved ? Was she to learn through this rough, uncultivated couple who her father and mother were? A conviotion of this result fastened itself upon her mind as she listened to their conversation. That reference to the vessel from Bombay picking up some castaways at sea, the mention of the fair young mother who, eighteen ’years“'pYevious. had mourned for lier little one, believing that she had perished in the cruel waters, and, more than all, the strong resemblance which these people had traced in her face to the “beautiful leddy,” inspired her with a wild hope that at last she was to obtain some clew to her parentage. She longed to turn her face toward the man behind her, and beg him to answer his wife’s question quickly; she longed to tell them that sho had been a castaway at sea, and was a poor, nameless waif whom nobody claimed; but she dreaded to inter nipt the conversation, at least until she had learned something more, lest they should take offence because she had listened and refused to tell her anivthing. Calling a little harmless strategy to her aid, she allowed her perfumed handkerchief to slip, apparently un seen, to the floor, hoping that one of the couple would notice it and return it to her. An opening door just at that mo ment caused a draught of air, and wafted the dainty little affair of lace and lawn directly to the feet of the burly “John.” He stooped and seized it with eager, though awkward dexterity, much grati fied with this opportunity to satisfy the curiosity which his wife’s remarks had excited. He reached out his great, coarse! hand, and touched Arley on the shoul- I deJj mxmB sta ho would hare touched | j some frail, beautiful flower, and, grow j mg vei'y red in the face at his own j boldness, said, blunderingly: ' “Madam—miss—you—you’ve lqst yer ’kerchief.” Arley turned now with her sweetest smile. “Thank you,” she said, simply, but heartily, as she took it from Ins clumsy fingers, while at the same time she be stowed a quick, but comprehensive glance upon the woman at his side. She saw an honest, good-natured looking couple, stout and rosy, but rough, as to exterior, as a couple of porcupines ; while they in turn stared at her witn all their might, regardless of all rules of politeness, if indeed, they had been instructed in the sim plest forms of etiquette. hour eager eyes earnestly scanned that fair, beautiful face for the space of a minute, and then Arley slowly resinned her former position, and waited as patiently as she could for what would follow. The man heaved a deep, long-drawn sigh and sank into his seat, an expres sion of wonder and bewilderment- on i his face. “I tell you what, old woman,” he whispered, in a voice that was1 not al together steady, “if I were in thehabit • of seein’ or believin’ in ghosts, I sh’d say one had ’peared to me to-day, sure —they are as like as two peas.” “You’re right, John,” responded his . spouse, in_ a tone of conviction. Arley could not endure the suspense another moment, and sho moved her chair.-SG'jjs to face the oauple- again. beg■jfytiwrlv-^ji^don,” slip said, politely, out looking 'ire ry white; Ty could not help hearing what you botw/j have said. • Will you please tell me the name of the lady of whom you were speaking, and whom you say I so closely resemble?” “Land alive, Jonn! it’s her very voice, too, or my ears deceive me,” exclaimed the woman, iu a startled tone, tc her husband, and regarding Arley more curiously than before. The young girl began to tremble visibly, and it was only by a strong effort that she kept her teeth from chattering audibly—was she about to learn the truth at last? “I am so glad,” she said, after u moment, and to give them an oppor tunity to recover somewhat from their surprise, “to have found some of my co im try men here, for you perceive that I am English like yourselves. I came here hoping to hear of some one who might be returning to England, but it is very strange, I think, that I should havo chanced to sit just hero and overhear what you have said. Will you please tell me of whom you were speaking?” The man and woman looked at each other in perplexity; the resemblance £ f which they had spoken was growing upon them every moment, until it al most seemed that tho lady they had referred to stood again before them, and was addressing them. “Well, well, miss, this are very queer,” tho man said at last; “I don’t think I’m dreamin’, but if ye were not so young looking, I sh’d say ye were the very loddy herself.” “Her name—please tell me her Arley could scarcely control her im patience. But before the man could reply an attendant entered the room, and an nounced that his excellency, the con sul, had just received important dis patches calling him away, and lie would therefore bo unable to receive any visitors that day. TJpon hearing this, most of the people beat a hasty retreat, muttering their disappointment in no amiable mood, and Alley and her two strange companions were thus left the sole oc cupants of the room. “Now we can converse undisturbed,” she said, eagerly, as the last one - de parted, “and I will tell you why I am so anxious to learn the name of the people of whom you have spoken. There is a mystery hanging over my parentage, and I was separated from my parents by an accident at sea, and have never seen them since; so yen perceive that it is not strange that I should think from what you have said that you could perhaps throw some light ou this dark subject for me.” * “Ah! miss,” the woman said, with a regretful shako of her head, as Arley paused and looked appealingly at her. “I’m sure no one could refuse to oblige a pleasant-spoken leddy like yourself if one could help it, but we don’t know the name of the beautiful leddy who looked enough like ye to be yer twin sister-” ‘“You dou’t know the name ?” Arley interrupted iu a tome of bitter disap pointment, her heart sinking heavily at this intelligence. “No, miss. Ye see this was the way of it: My man and I had been on a long voyage from Portsmouth, Eng land, to Bombay, in the Black Swan, a sailin’ vessel under Captain Conway. We’ve been sailors together, miss, and I as stewardess; for, ye see, bein’ rather fond o’ one another,”—and here the buxom blushed like a girl in her teens—“one didn’t- like to leave t’other behind. Well, we’d hed a fine voyage most of tho way till we entered the Bay of Biscay, when things began to look kind o’ threatenin’. Just about sunset one day a great steamer passed us, and everybody om board looked as gay and smilin’ as could he, and gave three hearty cheers with wavin’ ker chiefs, as if they’d had a good passage so far, and were in high feather over it. She, the steamer, soon went out of sight though, and we thought that was the last of her for us, and I couldn’t help frettin’ to think how much faster she sailed than the Black Swan, and how much sooner she’d reach port. But I had reason to thank heaven, miss, for the slow sailin’ vessel afore many days. A storm blew up that night— such a storm as I hope never to he out in again. Me nor my old man never expected to set foot on land, and for three days and nights we didn’t do much hut pray. But the fourth day tho wind went down some, and wo knew the worst was over. “Well, just as we were roundin’ Point St. Matthew we came upon signs of a wreck—floatin’ spars, boxes, kegs, stools, and such like, and later on durin’ the day, we saw a queer lookin’ object to the leeward of ns, with some thing like a. white flag _flym’ from it. Our captain thought it looked sus picious, and ordered his men to hear away toward it, and after awhile he had a boat- lowered and sent to see what it meant. “It was well that we came upon it just as we did, for it. proved to be a great chicken-coop, with a man and woman lashed to it, and both nearly dead from the cold, and bein’ dashed about in the wild waves. They were brought aboard the Black Swan, and given up to me to see if I could find any life in ’em. “The man came round all right after a little while, but it was a tough job fetchin’ the woman awhile, and then it was enough to break your heart to hear her take on. “ My baby—my Allie,’ were the first words she said wlieu she came to her self, and her husband, who never left her a minute after ho got her senses back, bent over her, and said in a I hoarse voice, and his face as white as a sheet, ‘Marg’ret, don’t you remem ber? Darlin’, let us be thankful that we are spared to each other.’ “Upon that the leddy gave a scream, and fainted dead away again. Well, it’s no use tellin’ you of the time I had with her, but she just about grieved herself to death, and couldn’t hear her husband out of her sight for a single minute. Day in and day out he sat in the captain’s state-room—for he gave it tip to them, and bunked it j like a, common sailor—boldin’ lior in liis arms when she was awake, and talking in a soothin’ way to her, but lookin’ as if he wore just ready to die with grief himself when she was asleep and he was loft to his own thoughts. I had to iced her like a baby, for she was too weak to help herself, and she was so pretty and gentle that I couldn’t help lovin’ her with all my heart-; while I’m free to confess I never did seo so much blubberin'1 in all my life as I did in those two weeks that we were matin’ for Portsmouth, after we took them two castaways on board. But it was enough to break the stoutest heart to hear that poor mother grievin’ for hor lost baby. “La, miss!” as Alley buried her face in her handkerchief and sobbed over the sad story, “I didn’t mean to upset ye like that, though I can never toll about it without gettin’ soft myself, for all it’s moro’n eighteen years ago. But as for hor name, I were so bound up in t-akin’ care of tho poor thing, that I never onco thought to ask who sho were, and I never hoerod the cap tain say. We sailed into Portsmouth harbour all right ono fine morning, and after I had wrapped the leddy up in my warm shawl to be taken ashore— for tho day was cold—sho seized both my hands, and said with her white, tremblin’ lips: “ ‘Oh, you good woman, I ought t-o bless these hands that havo holped to bring mo baok to life, and I do—I do for my husband’s sake; but my heart is broken for my baby—my pretty an gel, AUie!’ / “The gentleman gave -.me a . fifty ■pound note,- with a . hear.jy ‘Heaven bless ye,’ just afore ho carried hor up on deck, and I’ve never set eyes on either of ’em, nor heard ono word about ’em since.” “Do you know the name of the steamer that they were on when they were wrecked?” Arley asked, with al most breathless eagerness, when the woman ended her story. “Yes, miss; it were the Whito Star, and she were bound from Calcutta, India, to England.” Arley started, and a cry escaped her; it was the same vessel on which, it was supposed, she had sailod with her' nurse for England over some oighteen years ago; and thus it be came evident that there had been two children of about the same age on board that ill-fated steamer. There might havo been more—she did not know; but she was quite sure now that both Ina and herself had beeu among the passengers, and while Ina had drifted into tho hands of those rudo fishermen on tho coast of Spain she had been rescued by ono of the sailors of tho White Star, mistaken for her, and thus sent to Dr. McAllis ter of London. Something within her told her that sho belonged -to the beautiful woman, to whoso sad story sho had just listened—something aside from tho strong resemblance to her of which this honest couple had spoken; and sho felt that at last she held a clew, though a very faint one, to the mys tory of her parentage. It was very unsatisfactory, however, and would doubtless require diligent and patient search and inquiry in or der to make it of tho least avail, while it was possiblo that she might never got beyond this point. “I believe you havo been telling me about my own father and mother,” sho said, in a trembling voice to the woman. “Land alive, miss, ye don’t mean it!” was the astonished rejoinder, while the burly John leaned forward, wonder de picted on his faoe. ‘Wes, I feel quite sure of it,” Arley said; “but oh! if you could only have told me their name, the way out of this puzzle would be comparatively easy.” Thou she told them something of her own. life, for she felt it was duo to them after their courtesy to her. “It are all like a story, miss, und it’ll all come out right at last, never fear,” said John; “and,” ho added, “all ye’vo got to do when yo go back to England is to hunt up tho captain of the White Star, if he’s livin’, and the rest’ll be 'easy enough.” “If ho’s living,” Yes, that was it ; if the steamer had been wrecked, it was more than probable that tho cap tain had gone down with her, and thus the sequel to. her secret remain for ever buried in the deep dark waters of the ocean. Arley heaved a sigh, but she looked into the faces before her with a smile, and asked: “Will yon kindly toll me your.name? I am very thankful to you for telling me this story.” “My name? Sartin, miss. It’s Jane Collins, and it’s one I’ve never had reason to bo ashamed on either,” was tho satisfied reply, while the honest creature bestowed an affectionate glance upon her husband. “John here has been a good man tc me,” sho added; “and we’ve been middlin’ prosperous in this world’s goods, and we’ve roved tho world pretty much over together, first and last.” “Shall you go back to Englaud soon?” Arley inquired, with a suddou heart- bound, and feeling that sho could trust herself with these rough, hut evidently honest people, moro fully perhaps than sho could with others who might bo wiser in tho ways of tho world. ‘Wes, miss. The Docket—that’s the vessel John’s mate aboard, and I’m stewardess—starts on her homeward voyago nest week, of a Wednesday.” “Would you let me go with you? Could I obtain a passage in the ves sel?” Arley asked, eagerly, while her voice trembled with the earnestness of her plea. "A sailin’ vessel ain’t no kind of a place for a delicate young leddy like ye,” Jane Collins remarked, doubtfully, as she eyed Arley’s dainty figure from top to toe. “Oh, I would not mind tho vessel, if only I might go homo; and, some how, I feel as if I should be very safe with you and your husband,” Arley said, while tears of entreaty actually gathered in her eyes. Jane bestowed a gratified look on her as she said this; then she replied: “Sure, miss, we’d do the best wo could for ye if yo did go, hut we are all in the Lord’s hands. What d’ye say, John?” and she turned a ques tioning glance upon her husband. “Reckon wo can fix it somehow,” ho roturned laconically. “Oh, thank you! thank you!” Arley murmured, and the sweet brown eyes brimmed over with tho glittering drops which told how intense were her long ings after England and home. 