A NEW RC, CHURCH ? ? . — y ? — AT WAGRAGOBILLY. LAYING FOUNDATION STONE. Some few months back tho Roman Catholic community of AVagra — a picturesque little spot 12 miles from Gnndagai, and nestling in a fertilo valley, through which the Tumut River serpentines its .way — resolved on keeping abreast with tho rapid march of progress going on in other parts ot the. pansb, and it was decided that a new church should be built. Tho structure at present doing duty was erected over 21 years ago — somewhero about the timo Bishop Gallagher came to Gundagai as a cur ate — and although brick and mortar may ' crumble away with the gnawing tooth of time' and handsome structures be only thin veneer, yet a modern building shows tho vitality of the faith and the adherence, in an age of ir religion and impiety, of people to the faith of their forefathers. , We doubt if a new church will ever intensify the religious fervor of the older residents of Wagra, for to them the old building has many hallowed recollections.. ' It's as good as tho best,', .said an old re resident to us, ' and would have done us till the end of our days ; but tho youngsters will want a new church.' The new church is to be built about 25 yards away from where the old one stands. It is to be of brick, on con crete foundations, and to level off the ground surrounding it 250 yards of stuff will have to be excavated. The church will be built on the same plan, but not quite s.o large, as the pretty church that was opened in Gobaralong last year. The body of the building will bo 34ft. x 17ft., the sanctuary 12ft. x lift., the sacristy Oft. x 9ft., and tho porch 8ft. x 8ft. The contract \ price for the building is £450, and Mr. W. Warbrick, Gundagai, is the builder. The structure is to be completed by the end of September, and the open ing ceremony will bo performed about a month later. Sunday was .a»-bcautiful day — real spring weather. After celebrating Mass in Gundagai, Dr Gallagher, ac companied by Father Donovan, drove out to 'VVagra. . At Brungle bridge he was met by a large cavalcade of horsemen and escorted to the church. Hero were assembled crowds of people from all the surrounding centres, and later on tho gathering numbered close on 400 people. At 11 o'clock tho ceremony of blessing and laying the foundation stone was performed by the Bishop, and afterwards Mass was celebrated by Father Donovan. The choir was comprised of singers from Wagra, Gundngai and Gobarralong. The ' O Salutaris ' was splendidly sung by Miss 'Slater and the 'Ave Marie' by Miss Lynch: Miss M Roche, of Nanangrbe, presided at the organ, which was specially brought from Go barralong ' for i; the occasion. The Bishop them 'preached an eloquent sermon. ? Dr. Gallagher said they all knew tho object for which they had as sembled. Tho day was a remarkable one in the Catholic Church — Penticost Sunday — the. 5(0th day after Easter. After the resurrection Christ dwelt amongst his apostles for 40 days, and then ascended from Mt. Olive, but he did not ascend' till he had promised to scud amongst his apostles the spirit of truth. Ten days after tho ascension the Holy Ghost came down arid en tered tho hearts of tho apostles, and changed them from weak, timid men into vessels of election, and gave them the spirit of fortitude, martyrdum, and coufossorship. This was the anniver sary of the day on which the founda tion stbno of tho Catholic religion had been laid. The-pcople had assembled from all parts of the district, and for what more beautiful purpose than to ask the Holy Ghost to come and bless and sanctify the little spot dedicated to tho worship of God, and what more fittiug day for snch a purpose than Whit Sunday ? When Father Dono van had asked him to be present that day ho (tho speaker) wished to know what was the uso of him coming; Father Gregory would bo present, and whatever had to bo said the rev. father would say it with more lifo than ho (Dr. Gallagher). But Father Dono van had said, ' The people like to see you among them,' so he came, as at gatherings of this sort it becomes a pastor to be amongst his people. The Holy Ghost, speaking through tho mouth of the I'B.dmist, threo or four thousand j'ears ago, when the temple of David was being constructed in Jerusalem, said, 'How lovely aro thy temple, lord of Hosts !' He had said it often and he said it again, tho Christian Church' in every land, in every age, had taken under her own peculiar caro| the Christian tcmploi If wo were all.aa we ought to be there would bo no need for torn pies— 'Tho turf shall be my fragrant shrine, Thy tcmplo, Lord, that church of. Thino, .:.: Where all tho creatures raise Their voico to .tho Creator's praiso.' Yes, it was true if wo looked up into tho azuro bluo of hcavon, or wont into tho very bowols of the earth, the Great Preseuco followed us and made us tremble everywhere. Tho rich abun dance with which the Bonificent Hand, had parcelled out the fortilo valley and the mountain side proclaim ed God's presence. The fair vista of the flowers of the valley — a raiment so beautiful and fair — spoko to us — his children — of tho Father's love. Tho roar of the tempest might threa tou tho guilty conscience with wrath. In their own majestic river, driven by the swollen flood, might bo heard tho voico of tho great Creator. Yes, pious and thinking men found, ' tongues in trees, books in tho running brooks, sermons in stones, and good iu every thing.' Wo ought to be lifted up from the contemplation of nature's beauty to -? tho contemplation of nature's God. It was a golden thread down from heaven to bind tho hearts of man to the foot of God's throne. The whole universe was one gloiious *nd resplendant temple with the ex ception of,- alas ! man, which blessed in harmony and with united voico the Author of their being,'1 Tho mother church, by her ritual, her burning light, and fervent prayer, from time to time gives a living soul to tho house of stone, and a blessing of heaven, to the work of man, and tells ns that the placo is tho houso of God and tho gate of heaven. God himself had chosen it — ' Mine eyes shall be opened, and Mine ears attentive to the prayers of him who prays in this placo.' They had God's own word for it. He (Dr. Gallagher) would speak to them at a more fitting time — when- the church was opened — of what a church meant to man, but he would now give an example or two. Sunday was a day of rest and prayer ; God himself, at tho beginning of things had set apart a day for rest and prayer. Sunday was a pearl of prico which the holy church had wrested from paganism. Sunday was the one day taken from tke seven when they wero brought together to venerate the Spirit of Faith, to hear holy mass, and to pray. He beseeched them, when their new church was open, to come and hear mass, and pray to the God that mado them. The little cross that would bo on the gable or chancel end would bo tho glorious symbol of everlasting consolation — the sacred standard of the faith of all ages, whose extensive arm had pur chased tho world's freedom and en lightenment — under whose shelter all tho victories of purity, freedom, and virtue had been achieved. The little cross would proclaim to those who passed by that there still existed in this world of ours — despite tho moral cowardice of tho ago — the spirit of that faith which was not afraid to pro claim Jesus Christ. Here as time went on during the successive ages of innocence and repentance they would probably got the Stations of the Cross to remind them of the weary way to Calvary ; the little confessional, where sins were forgiven ; the altar where they would receive the body and blood of Jesus Christ — all things which would centre their thonghts on the Tabernacle^— where Jesus still listened to petitions and granted lawful re quests. ' Come to mo all ye that labor and are . heavy laden ; take up . the cross and follow mo ; my yoke is sweot and my burden light.' Yes, cold would tho heart be that would not yield to solemn and devout emotions when they knelt to worship in the church of tho ancient faith, whether in Australia or on the Continent, whose floors have been trod for ages by the steps of tho penitent and the pure ; or if when in that little enclosure near the church — 'God's acre' (for he liked to see it .in continuity to the temple) — or within tho sound of the sanctuary bell. All these things helped to hallow, to attune our thoughts to catholicity. It was the young men that should form reso lution on tho day of the church open ing — all ihe old ones were fast going after one another down to eternity, forming a funeral procession to the grave. Young men should form fair resolutions, pet severe in them and hand them down as sacred heirlooms. They should resolve to believe tho dogmas and bo loyal to the principles of the church, and to put into practico the elevating influence of the ancient faith — be not merely Catholics in name, but in reality. They should be assiduous in hearing the instructions from the sanctuary of the little church that had been blessed that day, and should never miss mass on a Sunday. Let them resolve to put into practice tho principles of tho grand old faith. God forbid that he should say anything derogatory — for had -they not, pastor and people, stood together in the glorious pioncor days, of tho church ? But after all, brick, stono, and marble crumble away from the gnawing tooth of time, and these were not tho things that spoko the glory of tho Catholic faith. It was other things — crowding tho confessional, going to communion, preparing the little children worthily for communion and confirmation, and teaching them round the family hearth stone at night, the saying of the rosary and the carrying of scapulars— which was a blest weaving of the golden thread of Catholic faith. He asked them to make a resolve to stand leal and faithful in the great struggle they had still to make for the great and glorious concession of Catholic educa tion ; for tho indissolubility of tho marriage tie and sanctity of domestic life ; for keeping unbroken tho beauti ful goldeu cord that binds our young institutions in this happy land of Australia. Lot thorn gird themselves for tho contest — they would have to fight tho old fight over again against tho dovil, the world, and tho nosh. At the presmt timo tho power of evil seemed to be in the ascendant, but truth was mighty, and truth would prevail. Mako a resolve (lint if the position of tho holy mother church bo that of our Saviour when he was trans figured on tho mount, when his raimont was white and glistening, or on tho other hand — and still more probable — if the position be that of Mt. Calvary, when our Saviour was spat upon, buffetted and mocked at — if tho causo be triumphant or defenceless, let us stand firm in our grand old faith ; whilst one shred of the banner of God, of truth and immortality flutters in the breeze, let us both young and old remain true. We, who are laying tho foundations of a new raco and prepar ing to take our place alongside tho nations of the earth, let us lift up our souls to^the levol of our high and lofty Destiny.. Let our souls and hearts be conio colossal and learn to grasp tho future of this free and great country. Lot us teach our children of the strug gles of the grand old mother church ; let us be proud of the ancient faith and help to erect buildings, bnt above all let us resolve to faithfully illustrate the principles of. the elevating and grand old religion handed down to us, May God preserve the people and make the children of the fathers and mothers good and holy men and women. After mass was over, Father Dono van and an army of collectors were busy at work collecting subscriptions. Tho response was a magnificent one, and the prospect for opening the church free of debt seems par ticularly bright. Tho principal | donations were : — The Right' Rev. I Dr. Gallagher, £5 5s ; Very Rev. Father Gregory, C.P. and Very Rev. Father. Frederick, C.P., £1 Is each ; Rev. P. J. Donovan, £50; Rev. J. W. Dwyer (Wagga), £2 2s; Revs. P. F. O'Shea (Wagga),P.Hickey (Corowa), J. M. Ryan, Adm. (Goulburn), and Sisters of Mercy, Gundagai, £1 Is each ; Messrs John Pierce, Thomns Quirk, James Quirk, Michael Burke, and P. Mulqueeny, £20 each; Mrs. Holt and Messrs M. Kcefe., M. -Quirk, and Joseph Webb £10 each ; Dr. Donovan, Q.C. (Sydney), and Messrs J. M. Dodd, R. Crowe, G. Last, jm\, and Warbrick, £5 each ; Messrs J. Leary, W. Bibo, Morgan Ryan, and G Last, senr., £3 each ; Mrs Tracey and Miss McGrath £2 2s each. Besides a large number of donations ranging from £2 to 2/0, and which we intend to publish in some future issue. The total amount subscribed reached £280 cash and about £60 iu promises. Outside the church grounds a large marque was erected, and herein the ladies of Wagra had a splendid spread prepared, to which all present . were invited. After the lnncheon Mr M. Keefe read an address of welcome to the Bishop. Dr. Gallagher responded in a happy speech. His recollections went back to Wagra some 21 years, when he came to the parish as a curate to Father Dunn. He still found the people tho same loyal folk. Ho re ferred to tho illness of Bishop Lan nigan, and asked the faithful to pray for his speedy recovery. He concluded by proposing the health of Fathers Donovan and Gregory. Father Gregory (Principal of the Passionists) in responding, said Gun dagai parish was the first he had vis ited since coming to Australia, and if he found the people of other parts as fervid in the practico of thoir religion as they were in this parish he would have no wish to return home. Father Donovan also responded, and proposed the health, of the visitors, coupled with tho name of Mr. Don aldson, M.P. Mr. Donaldson said it gave him great pleasure to be.present that day, and if God spared him ho would be with them at the opening. After this the crowd began to melt away, and steer for home, each one' resolving to be present, if possible, at the opening ceremony in November. 