DAYS OF CRIME AND MRS OF SUFFERING. AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY. CHAPTER X. THE BITER BIT AND HE BITES AGAIN. Published by Special Permission of the Proprietors of the "Australasian." On arriving at Maidstone I went to the Railway Inn, and remained there until the next morning. Not liking the house much, I removed in the course of the day to the Royal Hotel. As I always give tli-e world a full account of my proceed ings when I am doing others, it is only fair that I should be equally communica tive when I get done myself. I affected billiards, and fancied I could play well. There was a billiard room in the hotel, and to it I went on the evening after my arrival there. There was present a rather stylish-looking person, who introduced himself to me in the course of the night. He told me he was an officer in the Royal Artillery, and had recently invented some wonderful rocket, which he gave a very hard name to, but wihich I forget. He invited me to play with him. I did so, and won .15 from him that night, pro mising to meet him there the next even ing. But I was nob to be done in that manner. I knew it was a common prac tice among sharpers to allow the victim to win something at first, and as I had some slight idea that the artillery gentle man’s munitions of war were furnished chiefly by his wits, I was not going to be. plucked so innocently as he imagined. I met him the next night-, but declined playing, alleging as a reason that I had been, suffering from a nervous 1 attack all day. The officer seemed by no means disappointed, but entered- into conversa tion, in the most degage manner, and final ly proposed to introduce me to a young lady to whom lie was paying his addresses. I accompanied him in" a cab some two or three miles out of Maidstone, but where I knew not, and we alighted_ at a -little cottage, into the parlor of which we were immediately shown by the servant girl who opened the door. Nobody was there. In a few minutes a young lady, certainly not more than seventeen, made her ap pearance. I was introduced in’ the ap proved fashion —"Miss. Nelson, Mr Hamil ton—Mr Hamilton, Miss Nelson." - I have never seen Miss Nelson since t-hat evening, but I retain a most -lively recol lection of her. She was good- looking, could sing charmingly, and had the most fascinating manner imaginable. Wine was introduced, and although I drank only a- couple of glasses, it had such an effect upon me that I found it impossible to heep my eyes open. Of bhe after ey«ita of that night I can remember mn little. The- -next morning I a'vroke* with a splitting headache, and found myself in my own room in the Royal- hotel'. I jumped out of my bed and dressed myself, and on examining my pockets I found that I had been robbed of all' my money except a solitary .£lO note, which being in a separate pocket, had either escaped notice or been, charitably left me- by the thief. AM thieves are dreadful bad losers. I was no exception l to the rule, and I could have cried for very vexation. I rang the bell, and asked the waiter how I came home the previous night. He told me that I was brought to the hotel about one o'clock that morning: that the gen t'°ma’ii who came with me in the cab said I had finished two boi-les of claret, and was senselessly intoxicated: that he and tlve gentleman lied carried me upstairs, and that- the gentleman, gave him half a sovereign, telling him to undress me and get nve°into bed. Of course I saw in a moment that it was a regular “diamond cul-diamond” affair, aud as talking would not bring niv money back, I said nothing of my -loss. I have seen the “military officer _ since then. We worked together in- chains in the same cart some few years ago, and I only recognised him by his telling the story of the "young swell at Maidstone’ for the especial 1 edification of myself and the other cart parties. Having been so completely cleaned out, it behoved me to buckle to at once to re plenish my empty pockets, and as my funds would not admit of any lengthy finessing schemes, I was compelled to com mence immediate operations. That very day, with the zeal of ancient Strabo, I made myself completely master of the geography of tibo pi'&ce;, and before ’nignt I not onlv knew how all the -rooms were situated, but had made myself pretty well acquainted with the sort of people by whom they were tenanted. I know well enough that it is quite common foT a well dressed thief to -take apartments in an hotel and "barber” all the inmates; in other words, to get np in the night, visit all the rooms, and steal as much as pos sible. This, in technical language, is called "Dancing a lushing-drnm.” Philo sophers define instinct as "knowledge prior to experience.” and as I certainly at that time was wholly without experience in such matters, I must have been, under the guidance of the instinctive faculty. I didn't go to bed that night, but merely lay outside the bed reading. The book was of a moral and religious character, but it failed to influence me with its ar guments. By one o'clock the house was silent, and out I glided, like a ghost. I felt a little nervous on entering the first room; but. despite the model system, I have been remarkable for good nerves on many a trying occasion, -and at this first essay in the "dancing” line I was soon as cool' as a cucumber. It would be dull work telling how I searched the clothes, made my way to the dressing-table, pocket ed purses, watches, chains, gold pins, and other articles that would produce "money, and money in any way.” I visited four rooms, and then thought it time to return to my own. The next bedroom to that in- which-1 Blept was un occupied, and with the) pockethandker chief of a commercial gentleman- whom I had somewhat extensively fleeced, I-tied bill the watches, purses, etc., together, entered the emptv bedroom, and placed them safelv ont of sight on a ledge up the chimney, keeping out a few sovereigns for my immediate use. Having done this in a neat and workmanlike manner, I re tired to bed. , ■ , , At eight o’clock I jumped out of bed, slipped on my trousers, and then rang the' bell violently. A waiter very soon ap peared. ... “Tell the landlord I want him; fetch the police. I have been robbed in. -the night. Twenty-th ree pounds'and a pro missory note for thirteen, my studs and my pocketbook, all gone. Who can have done it?” , , The waiter didn’t let me get to the end of my sentence, for he -ran: to theTandmg aud called out, "Here’s No. 7 has been served the same.” . _ Dp came the landlord. He said he was sorry in the extreine; he couldn’t conceive how the thing could have been done. No loss had ever been experienced in his house before. He was sprry, very sorry. The police had been sent for to investigate the matter, and- he hoped they would succeed in tracing the robber. Four other gentlemen had been robbed also. The inspector of police came shortly afterwards, and looked into the rooms, and under the beds, as if he thought the thief might have taken a fancy to have a nap there, asked a variety of questions, took an inventory of the property lost, and then 1 went away, shaking his head and looking remarkably wise. I remained at the hotel a week gratis,: for as no funds had arrived for me I told the landlord I should be forced to leave my bill unsettled. Under the circum stances -the landlord of course could- not •reasonablv demur, and at the week’s end. I left Maidstone, and proceeded by the coach- to Chatham. I need scarcely observe that I had dur ing the week removed the "goods aud chattels” from the chimney ledge, and conveyed them to Chatham, without any fear of consequences. Suspicion fell upon the "military gentleman,” for although not in the house on the night in question, lie was well acquainted with) the premises, and his sudden: disappearance was un accountable. otherwise than by bonnect ing him with the robbery. Thus was..my. own safety -secured, and I at the same time "gratified a double grudge”—against the world and against my particular an tagonist. The money result of ' my, nigh t’s foray amounted to some -forty odd pounds—"just sufficient to keep me going while I struck out some fresh scheme for victimising the world., ■ • , 