fifiONTFOBQ HOUSE * Well, sir, liow do you like the house? ' gsid the house agents as the same gentleman «rbo had called.yesterday entered the office. ' So much that I should like to take it for the summer,' said the young man; 'and my sister is also pleased with it. - Who is the owner? ' *? The owner, sir, was a Mr. Wyndham. «ho used to live there, but died quite sud denly £L mODLIl (igV VM1 H. VXDlb W Bjvmaw... — - -- executors are the persons to treat with. The affairs seein to have been left in some cotofu 4 sion, but tliere is no doubt you could have * the house for the period y»u mention. 'It looks the sort of place that ought to have a story,' said Louis Lennox, while the agent wrote down the executors* names. ' I never heard that it had, sir; no ghosts »r anything of that sort,' said Hie agent, smiling. ' Mr. Wyuuhain came into-4t un expectedly about two years ago. through the death of a cousin — a. very young lady, I be: iieve. But he came from another county, and her people did not live here, so I don't know much about them. The place was. a! ways let till Mr. Wyndham took to living in Mr. Lennox thanked the agent and left the office. The week after he and his sister took possession of Montford House, ready famished, and in good order, for what pro mised to be a brilliant summer. Nellie, some years older than her brother, and de voted to him, was delighted with the place. They brought their own servant*, especially as Mr. Wyndham, it appeared, had only kept a couple of elderly women servants. The library, a pleatont room, was used by the young,masfcer oi the house as his study, for he was a great student. A smaller room opened out of the library, and was useful for surplus books; the window opened into the garden. The first day they were settled— which was soon — Lennox sat down in the library one afternoon to ?write some letters. -Before he bad been busy long he had dropped his pen and looked round: then got up and-went into the little study. ? Nellie, coming in at the moment, asked what was the matter. ' It sounded as if someone called out, 'said Xjennox. looking pcrpl'sxed. ' 1 can't locate the sound, either.' . ?* The servants arc all out at the back, and I've come from the drawing-room,'* said Nellie. *' It's fancy.' *? I heard it several times, apsUtUen, as if things — heavy things— were being moved about.' *? If you hear it at night it may be ghosts,' said she, laughing. He heard it so continuously that Its got nervous: it came from behind. the wall of the library, but there was no room there, as the outer wall of the house was not thick enough to contain another apartment. But tliere 'was no doubt a voice seemed to be coining out, a muffled cry, as if distance or some obstacle Bubdued it. What could it be ? .Lennox declared he could not *tand it, and an architect was called in to tap and sound Che walls and give his opinion. 'It's a human voice;' said Lennox to bis sister, 'there's something uncanny about the place. I ?dream of that voice; I can't atop here if our search is baffled.' Nellie' did not laugh at him. Tiie architect discovered nothing, and thought Mr. Lennox must have ever-studied. . ' Nobody can be chat up there,' paid Nellie, 'you can't imagine such an absurd thing, Louis.' ?* I don't imagine anything, 1 hear sounds I can't account for, whether they are human \- ' or not; and I mean to find them out if I pull down the place for it.' The night ofthearcbitect*6departnre,Leu \- nox, after the household had gone to bed, be gan a search, for himself. He heard nothing to- night, and almost persuaded himself ha was the victim of . fancy. It was eerie work, too; the sounds might be audible and yet be produced by nothing tangible. .Again hiG search seemed hopeless, and as a Bort of forlorn hope he went into the little ?tody. He bad sometimes fancied the mys terious voice sounded nearer there. He opened the door of a large closet al ready surveyed, and began there what he meant to - morrow to do ' everywhere — take np the. flooring. He had tools, and he knew bow to UBe them. None of th« plankiirg was loose: what struck him wan that in one place it was almnpt unusually tightly laid. He bent himself with ihrobbing heart, to force this vp. Suddenly he sprang to liis feet with a smothered exclamation; beneath the plank ing aa he lifted it.be saw, not the foundation .beneath, but a dark deep aperture. He caught up his lauip and bent down ; the light fell on. a narrow stairway. He lifted, himself, with his heart in his throat, and paused a minute t» steady him self. Then he began to carefully descend the stair, marking the i.iiection it took. It went towaids l he gardens, jiihI was short, ami wide «oough, as be found, to take wo very slight persons — women say — abreast. At the bot tom a door met him, fast* neu with bolts, and locked. It took him some time to un fasten this door. He knew he must now be under the garden immediately outside the study windows. He pueh-sil back the door \- slowly ; it was heavy, and l«e was in a fitrang-up state of dread and suppressed ex citement. He found himself in a small cham ber, wimiowless and as cold as ice. Some very old furniturein disorder about the room lie did not notice^ hiseyes went straight to a more startling object— a woman's form, lying face down on the floor. Lennox scarcely breathed as lis knelt down by this unhappy creature — (iying or dead — and lifted her gently. 'Good God J' he Wiiisptavd, horror struck. A mere girl, whose head lay heavy on his ami, and her long, fair liasr swept the floor. She looked uiurrly lift-less and so terribly worn and cniacistcd ilut it was impossible to find any traces cf beauty, or even to what class die belonged. lie waited no time in con jesturcs, but lifted her in his arms. He was strung and she leas v-cigiit. than a child; he could easily cany her up the stairs. In less tiise than it took him to descend he was up again, and carried hiB strange burden into the library, itnere the fire— for the nights wore chilly— still burnt. He fetched brandy nd water, when he had laid the girl on a ;nmch, and forced some between her closed ?eeth. Almost despairing of success, he. ?ersevered, and at last waited in a sort of igony. holding the poor child close to him, while slowly- and painfully she struggled back into feeble life. But her eyes only stared up Vaguely into her rescuer's face; six. jould neither speak nor move. Lennox said, softly: ?? You are safe, my child; I will take Bare of you,' though he scarcely knew whether she would understand. Some cruel wrong must have been done her — a creature 50 young and helpless that it would seem the basest could not harm her. Lennox fetched his sifter, and told her in a few words his strange discovery. Nellie. surprised and won define, lost no time in putting the poor girl in her own bed, and Lennox himself went for the doctor. For two days they nursed her like their wn; sne lying in the utmost extreme of prostration. Meanwhile Lennox had searched lie bi«lileir chamber, and found there a vessel ttiat had contained a portion of water, and the remnants of some bread. It was no use to call in the police till the girl could speak, for everyone else was at sea. Lennox himself was watching by her, one night, when she first opened her lips. She looked different now; in health she would be remarkably pretty. She put out a delicate hand and asked Lennox ' who he was ? ' ' I am Nina,' she whispered. ' ?? Nina ?' said Lennox, folding the little band in his with a thrill at his heart; do you remember your other name t' ' Yes— Wyndham.' He was too startled to Bpeak at once; she *aid in the same whisper:- ' My cousin brought me here— a long, long time ago. Don't let him see me;' her eyes grew wild. Lennox soothed and re-assured her. and pro mised he or his sister would never leave her. ' Some devil's work here.'he thought, when the girl slept; is it possible that the cousin did not die as was thought, but was to be got out of the way by slow starvation: ner haps this Wyndham would have her money. And his death has frustrated uis vile design.' Much of this was the story Nina told. She could not recall exactly how she had come to this house, bnt bus was clear about her cousin's position: at her death he came into possession of her property. She had had some focd, and as long as any strength remained to her, had ceaselessly cried for help. Sometimes she had felt half mad. and flung the thingB about in a frenzy. Her gratitude to her rescuers was speechless. The countryside rang with the story, but the Uflijf asrgai. m&pa; umv^u «,a^«s^ i,w »ia%- ?.??.** j- ?*-' .uu Wyndhain; the would-be murderer had eseai-ed earthly justice. Is sna. recovered felowly. 'You'll bo tired of me, ''she said to Lennox with unconscious wiBtfulness. ' This is your own house.' he said, smil ing; *' you may be tired of us.' , ' ' Oh, no! how could I be ?' ' How could I be ?** said Lennox, softly, taking a willing hand — ' not even for a life time.' \- ' You've the best light to me,' Nina whis pered, after a happy minute. ' You. saved my life; it ought to be yours.' The underground room was filled up. ' No one else shall ever suffer as I did. 'said Nina: and even in the sunshine of love and care she never could bear to recall that time. 