.'Stomps.'. ' Stumps,' ? as -die was called In Do« serland, wae a favourite with criminate and^-the ?police. . ;?? ' *»% -He hadabrigJit Joke and a kindly word for all alike ; no one had ever seen lilin cross, or known him do a mean thing. . ' ? -Children hung round him, listening to his y-ariis ; the lasses always stopped to banter; with- him J- wMfe lnaiiy. a night rounu the doss-liouse fire lie wae iuk iiiu oi me wi'eiciiea-ioomug group, as In fluent, 'picturesque language lie told ghost tales and fairy legends of his native County CBare, making tihe mouchere forget their hunger, their suf ferings, their despair ; and 'when lie had money he was royally generous he treated everyone he came across. ' liedad, that fact alone bethrays inol kingly lineage' (Mike was descended from an ancient Irish sovereign), lihe once- said to me, balfftuefully. 'Shure, I'm never so happy as whin disninstug bounties.' Indeed, I have known 15s. last Mm but two days, though lie always slept iu -a doss-Trouee, and the only solid food that passed his lifts during fUat space was onions and tripe for supper, and a couple of carrots as a midday mn.il, 'My digestion, you see, is peculiar,' he confided on one occasion to a magis trate, after receiving a sentence of fourteen days ; ' it seems to cotton to nothing but drink.' 'Oould you not take the pledge, and would not some one help you to keep it ?' asfced the functionary of justice, who, I -am sure, in his toeart, eaw ^thc futility of these repeated ctmgigumeutts to gaol. ^Mike rufflad his rough red hair, and a gleam of amusement darted Into Jiis eyes. 'May it plaise your ludship,' lie said, '.it's nieself was a shining loight in the Salvation Army— fur— fur two riiouttis. an' begorra !. in that toime if Oi did not merit a «Uver medal fur taper ance.' ' And wliere is the medal ?'' asked thft magistrate. Again Mi'ke'j eyes twinkle-i and the cornets of 'his mouth worked. 'An' you'll beJaive me, your wurs'.iip, wliin 01 came out last tolme, from tie r'si dence you wos so kind as to send me to fur mol health, I pawned U fur a dhrop.of tlifi cratnr', an' .begoni ! if 01 didn't folnd tue modal wasn't silver at all, but jist a common bit of tin i' Mike's real discomfiture was too much for those present, and they laughed as he meant them to laugh and noliody enjoyed his- Joke more than he did himself. But laugh.'ug at or with a culprit does not help *o mend his ways, itnd Mike's case had a sad side tc it.—1'io.ii the ' Quiver,' for April. ? ? ? 