Imperialism in America. Burning Election Question. The Hon.. Ckauncey M. Depew, U.S. Senator, writes as follows- in tho Daily Mail of July 9 : — ' ' Tho political situation in the United States differs ossentially from the con- ditions'of the campaign fonr years ago. Then tho . Dcmqcratio party Had been in power during thq Presidency of Mr. Cleveland. For the first time since tho election of Mr. - Lincoln — that is, in 32 years— it had the President. and a work-, ring-- majority in : both - Houses of Con gress. ; fit' reversed the .Republican. policy1 of protection,' and established modified ffeotrade under .' a tariff sohoduled- simply for revenue. Tlio country was very prosperous when the Democratic party ' caiqo in jiower, after having boon in tho minority for a , generation. Tho years of thoir administration, cspeoially 1894-5 and 1 89G, witnessed a financial and industrial paralysis. Mills, factories, and furnaces closed, a largo proportion of tlio Inbour of the country was thrown out of em ployment ; the purchasing power of tho community became so weak that tho farmer found his harvest and live stock selling bolow the cost of production. Tho silver theorist and men who be lieved in every form of fiat money wero united by'Mr. Bryan and captured the Democratic Convention; They drove from tho party all its old-established leaders of national reputation. Ma, Buyan's Promises. Mr. Bryan appealed, to a peoplo suffering terribly with the remedy of froo silver and unlimited and irredeem able currency as the cure for their ills. By providing unlimited currency worth only half its face valuo in gold it was to double wages, cancel mortgages, and piiy deb's, andrin some mysterious way produce prosperity by defrauding creditors. Religious fanatics or frauds always havo largo followings in times of plague, and financial theorists during periods 6f panic. On this appeal "Mr. Bryan received nearly half the votes. The Republican party won, but by a narrow margin, through the most ex haustive campaign of education on the primury principles of finance, industrial politics, sound money, and protec tion ever witnessed. It promised that a return to honest and tried . policies would produce prosperity; Tlio Democratic Administration from 1892 to 1897 found its revenues falling below the expenditures. of the Govern ment, aud had to sell several hundred millions of foiir per cents at a small premium to 'meet deficiencies. - The Republican tariff and .financial measures (hiring" tho Administration of Mr. M'Kinley havo -furnished ,a largo surplus, notwithstanding tho cost of -the Spanish war, and given such nntionul credit that our two per cents are selling above par. ' I havo attended every National Presi dential Convention since T loft Yale Univeraity. The unanimity of the Republican Convention at Philadelphia on candidates nnd platforms was its dis tinctive feature. It. seomedin a marked degree to represent tho solid sonso of the country both for President, Vice- President, and principles. Mil. M'KtNLEr's PuilFOTlMAXC'liS. Mr. M'Kinley, when elected, was known chiefly on account of his leader ship in tariff measures. The war with Spain threw upon liim great respon sibilities. Tho powers' of the Presidont of the United States are very broad. Ho organised an army of 270,000 men, mobilised a fluot, ended the 300 years of Spanish rule in tho western hemisphere, captured the Philippine Islands, and the navy had destroyed and sunk nearly the on tiro navy of Spain' — all in a hundred days from tho declaration of war. Ho carried through tho peace nego tiations .successfully, and created Gov ernments for Cuba und the Spanish possessions ceded to us. Colonel Roose velt is tho idol of tho young men. lie wanted to ho aguiu Governor of New York, instead of Vice-president, hut tho cordiality and unanimity of tho demand forced him to accept. Saturday's news gives the Democratic programme. It is simply anti-overy- thing. It formulates no nffirmativo pulicy. It proposes to abandon tho Philippine Islands, ioavo thoir 83 tribes hostile to each other iu anarchy, and then extend tho Monroe doctrine across tho Pacific and ovor them. In other words, invito war with othor countries, and assume obligations for tho, govern ment .'of u people incapable of. governing tlinmsclvos, which would entail endless' expense, with.no corresponding bonefit. Tho Republicans propose to keep tlio islands, develop their resources, grant ns vapidly us possiblo local .solf-gororn- ment, and make them self-sustaining. \Ve believe they are necessary us markets for our surplus products and osseutiiil to our powor and position in tho east. , AViLif ris Imperialism. ? ' . Thc Demdcrats muko imperialism tho burning- issue. All wintor in tho United States Sonato . wo oudenvoured to liuvo ,onr Democratic .colleagues toll us what American . imperialism . is. But every explanation condemned President Jeffer son, the fatlior of the Domocrutio party, for taking, from Nnpoloon tho territory of . Louisiana, frona which linvo been 'carved 18' '' States .''of' tlio 'American Union ; and tho Democratic Presidents Monroe, " Jackson, Polk,' anil Pierce for aoquiring.from Spain and' governing Florida, and also California, and tlio : other .vast hrous taken ' from Mexico. Tho whofe gist of its niiti-imporial- ism, anti- militarism, and - financial pro posal is that tbe United States ubnndou all its possessions outside the North American continent, and become- a Hermit nation. It says. to tho American peoplo, "You aro incompetent to rulo colonics, - nnd if you cannot live and prosper without commercial standards which will mnko possiblo trade with tho world without new and constantly increasing markets for constantly in creasing surpluses from agriculture nnd manufacturers, you are degenerates, for snroly your fathers got on vory woll." Thq corruption of tho currency, which was tho feature of thoir platform in 189(5, thoy now place after imperialism. They know it is disoredited, and was buried in the last election. Bat it is tho fetish of Mr. Bryan, and lie conn, pels them to "adopt it. So they put it hcHind. thq.. raw-head-and-bloody-bonos of militarism, hoping tho voters'-' would not see it. Tho ostrich with his head in -tho sand, . apd certain tho hunter cannot see his hugo body-- swaying boHind, is a wise .bird compared to theso Statesmen. The vote of 26 to. 24 in tho in .the Committee on Resolutions on the adoption of tho silver plank of froo' coinage . of silver at 16 to 1 is a divi sion on tho candidate's pet measure, and wijl grow in bittorncss and deser tions,! as it did it 1896. Tho people of tho United States aro progressive, expansive, ambitions, and confident. Bogies and ghosts will not frighten or -turn thorn' hack from tho position they havo readied among the great Powers. The largest standing army ' over proposed for tho national Government was of 100,000 men. To get up. a scura .of militarism on this basis is to. conyulsq a continent with the hlaro qf-nTin ' tiumpot.- " ;Unitej> - States' Power in China. The teriiblo events: in China; are so recent, and wo arc for tho first time, facing such novel conditions in a dis tant land, that no policy .has beon formulated. .1 can speak only what I believe to - bo tlio sentiment of tho American people, and that sentiment speedily results in action by tho Presi dent or Congress. AVo are at the Philippines, four (lays from Hongkong, instead of six weeks as wo wero a year ago. We havo there an army of 65,000, and a ileot. Wo want to share in tho rescue of our kindred with tho nations who arc seoking to save theirs from the Chinoso savages .who are murdering and torturing them. We do not favour tho partition of China, nor its conquest, nor spheres of influence. We believe that when this assault on civilisation has been crushed, a stable Chinese government should bo established and protected by the Powers. Our Secretary of State, John Hay, secured from European nations in China a recognition of the open door for tho United States. The trade, of China and the east is tho outlet for western nations for the surplus which electricity, steam, and transportation have brought about. Let us linvc an open market in China lor nil on equal terms, the development of its resources., and the opening of the country by railways, and then— may the host goods, .the cheapest transportation, and tho abler merchants win. Mr. Bryan was defeated in 1896 on the free coinage of silver . at tho ratio of 16 to 1. Ho will he buried with that issue in 19U0, and his political grave dug beyond the hope of resurrection bv tho addition of tbo reactionary pro gramme of bis present ennvnss. Presi dent M'Kinley will receive in the Electoral College one of the largest votes oyer recorded. 