? [Bnoan M ail, voavxuLt Zutvoa or th* " JoHunrxsflDso D u tt Nxwe,” » THS 41BfllKTIFIO AlCXBICiy."] The Writer has aeeo the South African native, eommonly oallsd Kaftr, in all bit varying pluses, io his wild ststs, semieivilitsd, cud wholly to. He has teen tbs native at hia best and at bis worst — untainted by the touch of cmliiaUon sod soiled by its proximity.......................The !Kaffir, in bis unclvitised state, is an overgrown child, with ohildish foibles ar.d ihoneomings. Bat let him learn the vices of civilisation, let him realiao the svil there is in him, let him discover that thsre is a broad path leading to del traction— and you will find a fully oivilisad being, as capable in certain directions as is the white man- It ia a fact (bat where the Kaffir is permittsd to dwell iu primeval ignorance, with none to warn him against vices he knows nothing about, he remains a g^od Ohrislisn, even though be is ignorant of doctrinal die putts and the meaning of higher eritieism, . . A study of the Kaffir is a study of the human bring. And what is more, he has been grossly and shamefolly snaltreatef. ♦ . . As for the morality of the Kaffir—that difftrs according to the tribe and its prrximity to eiviliiation. The Zola is eminently virtuous. Infraction of the law ' of morality is punished by death. The culprits are placed on the ground with their respective htade casting upon a flat atone. Then their heads are crushed with another atone. On the other hand, the Hottentot, having been a close companion of the white man ia the most immoral and depraved human bring perhaps in sriitence. Tbs Matsbslss are mosal, «o are the Btsutos and the Masbonsi. The Bccbuanss are less so, and ike Baihmsu rack next to the despised Hottentots. That the latter are ae bad as stated is evident when the Znlus will not work in the ■erne mine with one nor strep in the seme room or kras), Nesriy all tbs tribse, aare the Hottentots and Bushmen are cUauly, the Zulus psrticaUrij so. The Znln goes in bathing tvios a day. He eleaniet kit teeth with milk at sunrise and again at samel. All tba tribsi, even those partislly civilised, believe in ghosts and spirits. Many worship the spirits of the departed. Still others are fetish worshippers. Th# most sdv*Dc#d tribe is the fieinto nation, in which ibsre ere 60,000 Ohristieos, with 144 schools, Strict aas are the laws against the indiscriminate celling o( liquors to natives, they are yet able to obtain all they went. And when their supply of ordinary nun and whisky runs short they mannfacture the notorious "GapeSmoke." This addiction to alobol is foe grret corse of the -Bsantce, and, in feet o! every ofoac tribe. Ceps Smoke muit be tested to be appreciated—provided foe person (bus exuerimeuting eu'vivei< For be it known that Gaps (Smoke consists of wood alcohol, red pepper and sulphuric acid. This terrible concoction is relished by the Kaffirs a* no European drink is—they have not yet beco civilised op to (he level of the Amerioen " mixed drink.*' But to return to the Basntos. For ore than one hundred years this tribe has beau undergoing a proceuof forcible civilisation. Good men and good women bare sacrificed their lives to the noble cause. Just before the present war began, there was U (tethering of Induces, or nntivc priests, nesr the Free State border. Thonstods o f41Christian " natives attended. Two oxtn were brought into a Hog formed for (he purpose. One of the animals was enow white representing the British. The ether eoal black, represented the Boars With weird inoautations and wild danoas, these Christianised Baiutoi skinned th# poor exsn alive. The white ox auoeambed after five hours of terrible agony; the blaeb one lived for nearly a day and a night The gods of the 41 Christian " Becutoa had aniwsrsd the oracle—foe Boars would win. . Th* Kafir is a stoic. With him, what Is, is. I have saan a Zulu’s toe crashed by * rook. Calmly he out tbe injured member off, tied (be wound up with a and iheaoalmly resumed work, The tio.eis® it istbatmskes the Ksfir such a formidable foe. The estiva does not enow his own power—dun to numerical superiority, Ann him with modern weapon* and yc1i build a Frenfca&ttaio;, *bowiUjproreas terrible a eonuadrum at Mrs fihalicy a monster For despite his sohooiing and Ghrictlaniriog and emuslng, foe Kafir remains a Kafir, unable to forgvt his wrongs, and held io Icashooly through fear of ifaa white man’s destb-dsallDg weapons, Even now the Baratoi nre eonsldariog foe sdriaabiliiy of aUaekitg the side that will lose io the aampaign belweea the contending white msn. Lat foe British be difsitsd a tew more times, end evea the loyalty ot foe Bssuto ehisf, Iicrotbodi, will not be able to stem the tide. The only preventive of «psnhostility, even at this writing, is foe >avliam»nlary form of novsrnmsntof ihe Saiutoa. Gee word more: foe black ue tiou fa fioaih Africa w 11 yet prov# a Jsr tor re serious quaitioo that Ibe blick qnwtion f&fotfioutb;, Atd tbe while nso must shoulder foe bl«me~it is his, burden. 