Professor Pepper Dead. J Ghost-Walker and Rai n -Maker, C - Yrofcssor Popper, of " Pepper's Ghost " fame, has died ut Loytoastono, whero ho' had recently been living (says tho JJaihj Mail of March 30b 1 :>' To the younger generation 44 Pepper's Ghost" is more a legend than a reality, ,l)ut 30 years ago it was as popular as tho present biograph. As Mr. John Hullingshoiul said in tho Tall Mall Gnzrtle, tho death of the prafessor "carries tho memory to- tho days wlienTho miscellaneous theatrical matinee had not' been inveurcd, and thn?e curious variety tJiows 'of recreative science called Polytcolmio Institu tions ' wero popular with the classes - who wero blessed with mid-day leisure without knowing exactly how to use it " It was in 1848 that Johu Henry Pcppbr, born iu 1821, was appointed analytical chemist at tho Boj'al Polytechnic in Kegout street.' For Rome, years the elementary scientific lectures and shows satisfied tho Polytechnic's putrous, hut Professor Popper began to find' that something different was wanted, and lie turned his attention to tho 44 ghost" method - of illusion, which a civil engineer named Direks brought to his hotico. " Popper fold me that, tho idea of 4Peppci''s Ghost ' came to hini one day us ho was walk ing out of St. James's Hall, when some re flections l'rom a mirror caught Ids notice," said Mr. Maskelyno, of Egyptian Hall fame, to a Unify Mail representative yesterday. But there is no doubt that he worked on Dircks's idea, and developed the arrangement' of mirrors and glass, which made ' Popper's Ghot ' celebrated. At first ho worked with mirrors at tho side of tho stage, but Professor Sylvester who joined him, introduced '-'the mirror beneath the footlights and tho front glass on the Stage, and that was the method afterwards udonted. " For a long while audiences did not under stand the 'mystery ' of the ghost, hut people like myself, who uudersiond tho use of mirrors, knew how fho thing was done, although that did not lessen our enjoyment of a ghost performance. Tt. was decidedly' entertaining to seo an apparently solid 4 ghost walkthrough another character on the Ktago. 4 ' But the ghost had his day, and lias, nob been much Imiml of in reeont years. There is no' doubt ihaf. Popper made a lot of money out of tho ghost, hut he did not did rich. Nearly 20 years ago he went to Australia to midbrain' for the farmers, long before tlio American rain-makers appeurcd. hut it was not a success. His idea was to cause rain to fall by means of aerial explosions,, but ho conld not. make rain fall whore there was.1 no rain up in tho sky, and so he could do nothing in places where rain wus most wanted. iHo afterwards becamo public analyst at Bris bane."'" - ' j Professor Pepper brought out successors to tho "Ghost" in ' tho "Sphinx" and tho " Protean cabinet." but none succeeded liko the ghost, and ' Popper's Ghost " will remain his chief claim to criobnty. Lord Kitchener is tho youngest major- general in rhn British army. 