THE STORYTELLER A QUEER CLUB. 'A WEIRD ACCOUNT OF A NOVEL AMERICAN ESTABLISHMENT. "If there is anything that the human race runs to quietness in, it is in St clubs. Eccentricity runs riot in this particular direction. I call to mind several that are worthy of mont ion." Bald an old globe-trotter, whom an "S.M." man had corralled in the smoking-room of the Hotel Cecil recently. "The Omega Club, of Chicago, for in- stance," he said, "was started by a number of newspaper men, backed by a wealthy and eccentric philanthropist, and might justly be considered a queer institution. "It was situated on the Lake front, the club-house having been originally the headquarters of a well-known yacht- ing club. Its interior was so constructed as to be suitable to the requirements of newspaper and literary men in all kinds) of circumstances. There were quarters but for a prince, where the most sumptuous repasts could be served at short notice, and there were cobwebbed carrots, where a poor devil could grow dry crusts and revel in a can of stale bread. "The lake was conveniently near for those who wished to end their suffering from disappointment in a summary way, and a long passage, which had been used for bathing purposes, extended from the house down to the water, which was significantly styled 'The Valley of Death.' Members had only to apply for the key to this passage-way as II polite acknowledgment to their fellow guests that they were about starting to that bourne from which no traveller returns. Their death certificates were then made out, and preparations were commenced for holding a wake over the body of their deceased comrade by the rest of the club members. "A stock of coffins of various sizes was kept in readiness for such occasions, along with the usual funeral paraphernalia. Those members who, from a long evasion of the bath, had developed a dislike to the water means of exit from this world of trouble had the alternative of asking for another key, which admitted them to the poison chamber, otherwise known as 'Lotho.' Here there were comfortable lounges, rockers, and coats of various descriptions, so that a man could die posing in whatever attitude suited his fancy. In a small cabinet on one of the tables were a number of drawers, labelled respectively laudanum, strychnine, prussic acid, belladonna, and numbers of other names of persons with a description, telling how long each would take to accomplish' the fatal purpose. It furthermore stated that the dose contained in the pills found inside the drawers invariably proved fatal. There were writing materials for those who wished to make auto mortem statements for publication through the press, or to write to relatives or friends, and a notice ostentatiously paraded the generosity of the club in providing free postage for such missives. There was also a small volume, containing instructions for making wills, and forms to e filled out, which simplified matters considerably. Those who wished for a witness as a lawyer for those documents were supposed to have taken such proved liminary stops before entering 'Lotho,' which was never allowed to give up its victims when once they had entered its I doomed precincts. I "On one side of the chamber the wall was filled with canvases, representing various sounds from the Book of Revela- tions, showing mansions in the skies and the glories which adorn the home of the blessed. On the other one saw hideous pictures of the infernal regions, to which the Dora illustrations of Dante's Inferno were but mild comparisons. "It was the privilege of the departing one to take a lounge or sent, facing whichever of these two collections seemed lost in accord with his fancy, or to most suggest the scenes to which, he was likely to become soon familiar. "It was invariably stipulated that members pay their funeral expenses by bequeathing their bodies to the club for sale to the hospitals as subjects for dis secting purposes. "The suicide was also compelled by the rules of the club to send in his resignation, and to declare that he had notified no one before retiring for the purpose of suicide, also that in case of any accident, resulting in the frustra- tion of his purpose, his lips were for ever sealed as to what had transpired. "The Suicide Committee was composed of five perpetual members, selected from the charter members of the club. "A prominent literary man in Chicago, whose copy is so eagerly sought by editors, and who no longer has to think of such exigencies as were suggested by the Valley of Death and Lotho, told me lies experiences in connection with the club, which, from their personal character, should make interesting reading. " It was before I had written much signed stuff," ' said this man, that I became a member of the "Omega." I was doing space work on one of the dailies, and had been in hard luck once in a while, but generally managed to got along somehow. One day I got hold of what I expected would prove a very interesting article. After diligently working on the matter for some two or three weeks, I was anticipated by a rival on another paper, and the editor of my own was so chagrined at my failure to got the thing first, that he incontinently dismissed me. I went down to the Omega, and as my funds were exhausted, lived on crusts and can been, trying my best in the meanwhile to find something to do on the other papers. Times were bad, however, and there were not many chances waiting around for even the brightest of the boys, and so week after week drifted on, and life became a dismal epitome of petty miseries, which gallon and chafed until I wished that I was rid of it. I had borrowed the last shilling that I could expect from my friends, and had come to the conclusion that unless the tide of fortune turned before a certain date, I would terminate my existence by means of the facilities offered by the club. " The date carne, and no change had occurred. I went through the usual formalities of tendering my resignation, taking the oath of silence, willing my body to the club and when ready was tendered the key of the waterway by the attempt was made to dissuade me from my purpose, but the president said it? was usual with him to take a farewell drink with members tendering their resignation, and asked if I would prefer whisky or black coffee, either of which he had at hand. I selected the first named, and he assured me of his sincere hopes for my future welfare and happiness, shook hands cordially, and asked if I had arranged all the details I thought necessary. "Excuse a bit of advice" he said, as I went towards the door, with the key in my hand, but there was something in the drink I gave you to shorten matters, and prevent unnecessary suffering. You had better take the plunge bath as quickly as possible, to avoid disappointment." " 'I said "Good-bye," and unlocked the door of the "Valley." It was not an attractive-looking place ; but my senses were already becoming ncnumobd in a strange manner, as I walked rapidly to the water's edge. A small plane extended out a distance of about twenty foot into the lake, at the end of which was a rather suggestive sign, presumably put there when the place had been used for bathing purposes. On the sign, in clean white letters, was written the words "Deep Water." To hesitate is to be lost, it is said, and my hesitation did not last many seconds. I was rapidly becoming unconscious from the effects of the drug, and can barely remember plunging forward into the water. Then came the terrible recollection of past deeds, and all the panorama of my life up to that time was spread before me like a vast picture, in which every feature, even to the minutest detail, was distinctly visible. I was at the brink of Eternity, and know that it was so; but all the dread of dying was soon past, and I felt at perfect peace with all the world. " 'Death I Was this death P That terrible thing which people dread all the years of their life, and tremble at the most closely they approach it. Then I became entirely unconscious of self, and seemed to live in the contemplation of the multitude of beautiful things that I saw. I was in a new world, on ethereal sphere, where all the grossness of mortality and decay were lost. It was the Land Beautiful, a land of countless change in form, colour, and combinations of harmony. The landscape seemed to change continually, the sensations seem ed to change also, and my companions, persons with whom I seemed to grow familiar in a moment, passed away to make way for others with the rapidity of figures in, a died in. I have but one hope, that death, when it comes, may prove as pleasantness that imaginary fore- taste I kind of it, for, as you may judge from the fact that I am here to relate the story, it was but an imaginary one. "'But the invaliding from in-the IriiiiBitiiiul Of all horrible things 1 Anyone who has had a fainting fit will remember the peculiar way in which the senses gradually awake again. " At first I thought I was lying on the floor somewhere, but as objects in my vicinity gradually became visible, I saw, to my horror, that I was lying upon a dissecting table, surrounded by knives and the various instruments used for such work. On the tables I could BUd, as my power of vision gradually unfolded, a number of ghastly objects shooted forms, with a ghost-like sugges livonosB about them ; dismembered parts of human bodies, skulls, skeletons, and all the accessories of a human clinical llOIIHO. " I tried to scream, but my tongue clung to my mouth. Finally, a couple of men, dressed us are surgeons in the (dissecting rooms of hospitals, came in. They were masks and gloves, and seemed as much surprised at finding me live as it did on discovering my whereabouts. " I was given a dose of something to swallow by one of them, and asked to remain quiet for a few minutes. The drink that was administered caused me to revive very quickly, and I was soon sitting upright, and feeling, with the exception of being slightly dusted, as well as I find in my life. Then the two surgeons came forward, and assisted me off the table into a little recess behind a curtain, where I found some clothes, and was requested to get into them as soon as possible. " As soon as my toilet was completed, one of the doctors said to me: " ' "Your supposed corpse was brought here from the morgue, and we are not responsible at all for anything beyond having accepted it" for scientific purposes, but, to avoid any trouble, we shall have to insist upon your leaving this place blindfolded. You will be taken away in a cab and set down in the centro of the city. Does that arrangement suit youR" " "Of course I acquiesced, and half an hour later was set down in the main street. The cab rattled away, and I once more found myself face to face with the problem of existence. I was about to call on a friend for the purpose of getting a small loan to start me off again, when I put my land in my pocket and found £2. there. I have never been without money since, and have never felt a desire to join the Omega Club, or to take advantage of any of its peculiar facilities. The fact of the matter was that I never left the club at all, according to my belief, until I got into the cab', the dissecting-room business having just been a fake intended to give a follow a good scarce and bring him to his Horses. 'The Omega Club was broken up years ago, I have heard, at the instiga- tion of the Police Department, owing to some follow having been scared to death by the ghastly programme; but that I cannot say for certain.' " 