" N'Importe. " By Pegasus. TWe'd « cliiel amang ye to.kin' notes An' faith he'll pront 'em. — Bobns. Occupied and ever busy in the whirl ing routine of every day life, people ore seldom given to serious contemplation of the time yet to come, when each m turn, must leave behind all that is near est and dearest, and journey, alone to -that bourne, from which, in the words of the poet, " no traveller returns." Pegasus is seldom addicted to moralizing but there are occasions where questions unpalatable in themselves and unpleasant perhaps, arise, demanding one's most earnest meditation, and, try how we might to waive them aside, we are finally compelled to " give in." Such thoughts, like the ghost that " would not down " will return, in spite of our disinclination to entertain them. How often do we not hear of persons, youth ful, vigorous and enjoying all the bless ings of life, suddenly cut off in the flower of their manhood or womanhood? Each of us has lost, by death, at some time or other a lov'd one whose memoiy we still tenderly cherish. We grieve and mourn their loss, forgetful of the fact that we ourselves as surely as the sun sets, must one day follow them. Therefore it is advisable and expedient that we dwell occasionally on the hour when the grim visitor arrives to summon us hence. By so doing we will be mode to lead better lives. It is well to bear also in mind that time is by far too precious to waste jn potty wrangles and useless bicker ings, for, after all, " man hath but a short time to live." # Pegasus was deeply interested in the series of articles recently appearing in Times from the pen of Mr. G. W. Crabbe, but more especially in the latest, under the heading, " In Defence of a Race," which he read in your last Wednesday's issue concerning " the lost tribes." This scribe can unhesitatingly state that they contain more solid and reasonable arguments than any other treatise on the subject that has hereto fore attracted his attention. Contribu tions such as these greatly enhance the intrinsic value of the newspaper con taining them. The reader, on perusal, feels that he has received full value for his investment (providing of course that he didn't borrow the paper.) The probable fate of the lost tribes has given rise to much controversy in times past, and Peg. hopes that the writer of " In Defence of a Race," will ulti mately publish the articles in pamphlet form. # Some persons aver that " Inverell " is an aboriginal word, but Peg being of opinion that the name is Scottish, would feel obliged to any person who could say for certain how "Inverell " came to be so-called, and from whence the name is derived. ' 'Peg." congratulates the inaugurators of the Inverell Debating Society on the progress made since its inception Bomo four months ago. The debate on Tues day night last on adult suffrage was a credit to all who took part in it. Mr. O'Sollivan, who opened the question in a neat, flowing speech, made out a very good case in favor of granting women tuc jlUWUi UI UAtiiClBUIg LUG JTUUmilttB. Mr. Crabbe, on the other hand, who led the opposition, produced solid arguments to show why women should wot vote — in fact, all round, the speeches were ex cellent. "Pegasus" is (for reasons given previously) dead against the measure. Space is limited now but if all goes well this scribe will write some thing for the society's edification in a future edition of N'Importe. it 4t This pen-joBtler agrees with /Eacus when he says that there is more sense in pulling together than in a too liberal iue of " vitriolic effusiveness" or words to that effect. The hatchet is buried and " Peg" has smoked the hoo kah of peace. # I Religion is a thing that " Pegasus!' does not caro to discuss, or make any reference to what-so-ever, unless there be good reasons for comment. Of course everyone is entitled to give free expres sion to hie opinion, but a nation cannot justly be condemned on account of alleged singings or doings of one of its subjects. # Pass the big dram : — If May was " accepted" by Walter. No one may chide or fault her ; But oh do not heed If she says she'll succeed, In leading him up to the altar! Seeing that bread is cheaper in Inver ell than in any other part of the colony, and knowing that there is but little use in trying to bake and " ruu a show" successfully when the profits arb almost nil, and also knowing well tlrat bread is well worth 2£d per loaf to produce, ' " Peg" respectfully rises to move that j our local bakers meet at some conveni ent time or place and " consider tilings." Unity is strength, but qhouso divided against itself will in all probability go " shickery" if not "stoney broke." # The Government shortly intend offer ing a prize for a poem on the colobration of the commonwealth's initiation. The following ad. would suit. "Tenders will be reoeived for the manufacture of an ' ode.' Must not contain over 450 verses, or 15,000 words. Senders please send money sufficient for burning in case of rejection. . No spring poets neod appty" 