A DOMESTIC EXPERIMENT. A LANCASHIRE STORY. By John Garnett Leigh. When Amos Green and flStomas Bald wistlo tried their famous experiment, tho village looked upon it with keen" . interest. Certainly it was a novelty for two bachelors to attempt house- > A — 1 J it 11 3 1.M 'it seeping auius uau waiaea ouu" wivo Jonuy Fairhurst for ten years the cinders on the canal-hank -knew them well by this time; the hedges at "Wil- lingtoa Greeu, stunted and begrimed with coal-dust, had seen them pass night by uight. But difficulties arose, in the shape of Jenny's father, broad of shoulder, strong of fist, whereas Amos was lean and small. " Wheu art tha' goin' wed my daugh ter?" asked the fond parent. "Same day as she weds me" an ac curate, if impertinent, reply. " Tha'll put up th' askin's-on Sunday, or I'll puuch thy head." . "Tlion, Bill Fairhurst, . tha'll punch uiy head." It was a daring challenge, and at once taken up, aud at the same time Autos Greeu was very much taken down. After so affectionate an inter view, Amos could not" be expected to keep up his fondness for Jenny. 60 the cinders knew them no more; the hedges bore their nightly disappointment cou rageously, and Jenny showed evidence of an unbroken heart by at once accept ing Thomas Baldwistle's invitation to explore that cud of .Willington Green which leads to Willington Common. On three successive nights this was re peated, and Fairhurst, senior, again in terfered. "Tommy," he shouted, as the couple stood at the garden gate in the lengthy task of parting, "Tha' can come i'side, Tommy — ca'e thee deawn o' t' settle." Tommy was meek and lowly. Ho obeyed. "What's thy game?" "Well, I've hardly tliowb on 5fc yet." " Look thee here. "When I was coort- iti' Jennys mother there were no slob- beria' nbeaut it. There were no hand- howdin' nor kissin', no? shady-lane business. We ju6t made up eaur minds t' get wed, an' — we got wed, see? What weF 'good enoo ' for me an' t'other Jeuny's good enoo' for yo'. Th' owd coffin-maker's heauso is empty, an' you' can settle it neaw, or else, as t; prayer-book says, for ever howd thy peace; see?" It was very sudden, thought Tommy Not yet was his mind completely made up. nor yet was the banking-accounf ready for the fatal step,, and ho hesi tated accordingly. " I'll ha a good feyther to thee, Tom my— yo' can come to tea here o' Sun days." In spite of the alluring prospect, Tommy still held himself in check. "Au' so long as Jenny comes o' Mondays to help her mother wi't wash- in', we can manage witheaut Iter — that's five clear days i' t' wiok for yo'. Yo'll get tiret 0' one another fast enoo', I reckon, even wi two days short." This gushing generosity affected the suitor but indifferently. "I reckon I'll think it o'er, Billy," he said. " Yo' can ha' th' owd dresser eaut o' t' wash-heause. It'll do like enoo' for yo'r kitchen, an' Jenny's harmonium's licr own. I can do witheaut it nt any rooad, what wi' its screechin' an' its yaiynin'. It'll cover t tva', thy knows, an' thou'U ha' to stond wuss nor a har monium i' thy life if '00 isn't different fro' her mother." To say the least, Tommy's father in prospective was optimistic. Tommy was embarrassed. Ho had not expected such sudden and over whelmingly generosity. Indeed,, be bo gan to regret his somewhat iinpulsiv# lovo-making ; he wished . that young Amos Green had persevered, and thus monopolised the temptation. "Nay, Billy Fair'ist, I've nohbut had three walks eaut wi'- her, an' I'll lion wed afooro J. knows- wliac I'm gooin'. to wed, but Ilia's oppened my e'en " I'll oppou thy yed if cha' doesn't clear eaut o' this." Tommy fled. It was tho end- of his; romance, and amid his conflicting emo tions ho felt a sense of sympathy for I113 old_ rival Autos Green. -Ho was tempted to drop in at the Engine-house uf W L'liugton Green Colliery,' where Amos, being on niglit duty that week, would be employed at the winding- eiigino of the new shaft. Perhaps, he thought, out of their fellowship in suf- feriug they, could concoct a scheme to humiliato that dragon of an impos sible father-in-law. Amos grunted as Tommy entered, but nillingtou Greon is a country1 where courtesy is ever frank, aud outspoken. " Ait' heaw arta gerrin' on wi' Jenny?" "Like thyself, Amos, Tm chucked!" "I reckon her feytlier has- bin at' thee— wi' marriage lines ready for thee an' a'— eh?" "That's it, Amos, an' a dresser an' a linrinuniura an' tea o' Sundays, an' t' bargain he had th' heauso spotted for us — t1 coffin-maker's, no less. He'd da' wed us there ait' then, if he nobbnt ha' bin a preycher." Amos smiled.- His rival had received better treatment than a head-punching, hut then he had not . had ten years' of cauol-bank as a make-weight-. The joys of life wera fairly equally divided after all. " I'd like tek it eaut 0' him," sighed Tommy. that set Amos a-lhinking. As lip nound up the hoppit so that tho work- era within the shaft might grapple witli another sectipn of the red-bricked face, llai(!'e'aPsed into sombre meditation. ltd bo _ a smart thing to tek fc" coffin-uiaker's -an' live in it eaiirsel', an do witheaut women a't'gether. Ten peauud apiece 'd buy a; two-three sticks or furniture, an'.it'd.save money then. -i could do th' heause work while tha' ert on't day-shift-, an' then tha' could when I wore. It'd be bit o' a lark, what dosta' say?" lo Tommy's mind" it seemed at first :f. -'a a Focr revenge.. He had.inedi- , . a physical display , a definite and unmistakub'.o .. vengeance ; which BUly nl«. undastand. But when he ren- that in Amos'- scheme Jenny lier- ®vl would be humiliated, that possibly, »uen she saw her dispensability and the Dispensability of all women, she would come back to him, daring the wrath o.' W iean®> Pare.ntj he began to sec ttat Amos' suggestion was not without >W(| merits. . ' Theere's t' washin' an' th'. ironin' "W on'' I1®, hinted. W® con get that done for us reet 000,, replied Amos. "An' papper.co!-. is comin' i't' fashion, besides," he - utJj', chncb'Bg matters at a stroke, a gravely for owfl Silij u Dooath on us took t' coffin-maker- n nother on ns took Jenny." Amos paid a week's , rent for that delectable residence knotvn as the 'coffin-maker's, " and possessed himself of the ponderous key. When Billy heard the news he chuckled within Ins own heart. It vfas clear that Amos intended to take the step;, that memo- ; rable head-punching had unmistaknbly -.succeeded. , BUsTapped his daughteV I j on alius trust thy owd feyther," he said. Next day, how- jever, Tommy Baldwistle met BUly in "i th.? ! Ioh here, Billy, wiU ta' ! f,e" Tpwd dresser?" What for?" j " e", I ve taken t' coffin-maker's, an ;SS f jeady, an' tha' said ltd just do for A? kitohen." I BUly gasped. Both of these men ' wanted Jenny it was clear. Certainly he \rag both a cunning and a discreet parent; he would wait a day or two before be sold the dresser. He waited in vain, however. The coffin-maker's house was freshly papered throughout, and then, to the astonisii- £.nt £f everYone, and particularly of Billy Fairhurst, new furniture began to .arrive. There was a beautiful dress- er with effnate glass knobs; there were half-a-dozen new chairs, quite modern in st.y(e and seated with leather, such as 110 other house in Willington Green possessed; there were pictures for Lite walls, two Queens, a marriage of the Prince of Wales, and a portrait of John Bright. Meantime tho village spent its spare moments in' excited conjecture. Whom did Amos (or Tommy) intend to make queen of this well-appointed es tablishment-, and which of them was to be bridegroom, and which lodger? Tho house known as " Tho Coffin- maker's " had a curious history. A generation ago, one lived there by name Emanuel Cartwright, who made the grim but necessary apparatus of death.. It was said that Emanuel, having passed into the next world, still as a ghost kept np his ghostly business.. Every acci dent at the" colliery had the sound of his rasping saw and the tap of his ham mer at its premonition. In spite, there- fore, of the little garden which digni fied the house above the other houses of the village ; in spite of the -cosiness of the kitchen, and' the .largeness ol the boiler in the wasli-house, the "00F- fin-makcr's " was a house which was frequently to let. The ghost was . not exactly in tjie way, but the rasping ol his saw and the tapping of his ham mer were not pleasant to such as per suaded themselves that they heard those sounds. Amos and Tommy at length took up their residence, and t-lie memorable ex periment began. They asked no woman to joiu them, for each, in the week when he was on night duty, performed what was usually regarded as feminine functions. He arose at noon, brushed and scrubbed, cleaned windows, white- stoned the hearth, red-raddled the doorstep, and sprinkled sand— the cus tom of Willington— thereupon. : Then, when six o'clook. came, the table was spread, and an appetising meal was- laid out for the remaining masculine unit. A pleasant rivalry ' began. Amos made rabbit pie; Toininy followed the next week with luscious meat-pasties," which would have smitten with envy the good heart of Mrs. Leddoh, tho pro prietress of tho Sounding Trumpet, whose pasties are known to the civilised world. Amos bought three antimacas sars ; Tommy, not to he. outdone, bought shades of pink paper for the lamp. Amos, the week after introduced sushions for the leather-seated chairs, a tvork of supererogation, to say the least; Tommy invested in a huge gluss globe, in which there floated a speckled bluo and white glass ship. On the Saturday they made up their accounts. Alas, they were not living quite so in expensively aud' as economically as Amos had prophesied. It must bo admitted that Tommy was the more successful in the domestic duties. Once Amos found, on raising the down-turned plate which hid that which his friend had prepared for his svening meal, that half-a-dozen beautiful currant fritters lay there. They were nicely browned; they reposed in a sweet, soft bed of butter; the very smell was intoxicating. Yet Amos could scarce eat, so overcome was he of envy. This was a triumph. How could ho expect, with his amateurish cooking, to go one better than buttered fritters? But after n sixth had gone, a bright though, came to his mind. A benevolent- Christian year had ar ranged Pancake Tuesday in the follow ing week; that was his week of night- duty at the hoppit, an-.; of afternoon duty at the fireside. JTo would make pancakes! Before Tuesday arri :d the scheme began to evolve itself. Would it not be better if he asked some woman, upon whom he cqtild depend, to creep in at the back-door and make tho pan cakes for hint? Then — then — why. not ask Jenny- herself? Accordingly the while Tommy was at work, on this excellent Shrove Tuesday, ' none othei than Jenny Fairhurst was, though un known to the world/ preparing bis feast of pancake. "Amos," she said. "Aye," lass." "Hasta' e'er tried a bit o' lerair. wi' poncakes ?" "Never." "Then goo an' get one — it gooos fine." " I reckon I'll ha' t.' best o' Tommy this trip,- eh, lass?" " Raylher." "An' thee an' mo'll ea'er deawn an ha' a two-threo to eaurscl' afoore he toiues in. Will ta'?" She did not reply. ' "For t' sake o' tli'cwd times, Jin, an' eaur walks ailing t'cut an' th' oppen- in' o' my yed by. thy feyther." : ." Well," she hesitated, " tha' mou't say a word abeaut it to a soul." "NoFa word.". "'Cause my fether — tha knows." "I know thy feyther, lass. He's a' eet at yed-punchin'," "Goo an', get t' lemons to once, Amos." ' . Whilst Amos meekly obeyed, it un likely caino to pas's that Tommy, owing to an unforeseen shortening of liis work ing-day, returned home. He glanced through the little, lead-lined panes, and at what lie saw there, his eyes bulged with amazement, and his heart thumped against his thick grey oily coat/ . " Jenny, what arta' doin' liore ?" " "Makin'- poncakes for thee, lad— fer thee, tliisel'." "Dosta like t' job?" - . She didn't answer. , " Come here; wenchie, aside me "on t' settle." It's a proper nice heause," she said faintly. "Would ta' like — ?" At that moment they heard the step of the lemon-bearing Amos. ' At once Jenny jumped behind Tommy's Sunday ooat. . Amos was surprised as he entered Evidently Jenny had run away at th« entry of " Tommy Baldwistle, " Iw just finishin' f ponoakes-for thee, jfWC my. Thy fritters was tasty, reckon these licks 'em, an' lcmom/tn/ a'. Heaw dosta' tek lemons, wold <S sqnoze ?" . X 71\ "Who tow'd thee abeaut tta&ingj; Amos?" "I seed it. i' a cookery-book." Ther? was a- chuckling sound from behind the door. "Oh, ay? An' th&'s made t' pon cakes thiself ?" " O coorse I hevV' "I see. I think tha'r best gi' me that cookery-hook; I want it. Tha' knows I con read stntight forerd with eaut spellin'." " I don't think I will. "FU goo reaund an' find it." " Tha'll ne'er find it, Tommy." "Then Fll whistle for it." He whistled, and true enough the Sunday coat was pushed, and the ."Cookery Book" stepped forth. . "Dosta' like t' bindin' on't, Amos?" . Amos chose to be silent. He flushed to the roots of his short-cropped Hair. "Ne'er mind, Amos, tha's meant it a' reet. Come on, Jenny, I'll have a talk to thy feyther. I'll at him for t' Cook ery Book next, on' run xt' risk 0' 11 punchin'. Tha' can ha' t' poncakes read; for us in a two-three minits, Amos. Tt'll be a reet if tha' cnts t' lemons i' three pieces— one for" tliee,. one for me, t'other for t' Cookery Book. What dosta' say Jenny ?" Jenny did not reply by word, but as she took Tommy's hand in hor own the matter seemed to be settled. \- "If- tha' comes whoom wick, Tommy. Fll sell tliee- my share for ha'f price! an' t' furniture's thine. If. Ilia' conies whoam deead, Fll lay tliee eaut nice an|. st.ra'ght 011. t-' settle." "He'll couie back wick enoo'," said Jenny. An' me wi' liim." A prophecy which proved in tho event to be true. 