THE WINDMILL ON TtyŁ DYKE. ./ Stonewall Farm stood, and still stands, oa the verge of the Suffolk Marshes, where tho River Waveney winds towards the sea. It was the last house built on the last bit of really dry ground ; and as the marshes overlapped and and hemmed it in also on the sides, it had no near neighbors. Five miles off the spire of Lowestoft Church was visible, and at half that distanoe the little village of Oulton nestled on the banks of Mntford Broad. Behind the homestsad stretched miles of lowlying pasture land, in whioh, as it trended eastward, the grass gradually changed into sedges, the ditches broadened into dykes, and the dykes gaped wider and wider tîll they opened out into silent, salt-fringed creaks, and the whole dreary landscape faded away—imperceptibly blended with, the encroaching waters of the ' German Ooean. Where the grass had as yet esoaped the tidal taint herds of oatMe browsed untended ; but farther seaward, as the ground moistened into marshes, the only moving features in the desolate panorama were the ghost-like sails of the windmill» which, in unceasing contest with the advancing flood, pumped the water from the sodden land. Most of these windmills were mere skeletons, working automatically, hat here and there, far out toward the sea, at points where the larger dykes joined the creeks, stood mills of more massive construction, furnished with applianoes for rugolating the 1 sluices whioh at mtervsls d&oharged; the oolleoted water. These jrere fitted with living xopins, and weraiiii»bitated by the men-win attended to &e; machinery. The ^eepttss-Wk ^ duty turn and turn about, d<≶je month's ahîft at a time. On a May-morning in 1779, two men leaned over the wall at the book of the farm- yard, which was behind the house, gasing idly over the marshes. . From the kitchen •window, hidden by a curtaib, a pretty girl of twenty watched them with .unoonce&led; anxiety, turning ever and again to exchange à word or two with another girl, some few years her senior, who was sewing at the table. " He is that fidgety, Nell. I know he's about speaking his mind to father About me," she said. " He keeps twirling and twisting his fingers, and standing on one leg—like a lame duck." " I should not worry if I were you," • laughed back the elderly girl. M Pèrhap • they are not speaking of you at all." " And for the moment she was right, for young Dick Capps was approaching his subject with caution, knowing that Farmer Laverock}was not a man to belmrried. Dick f Was a new-comer in the neighborhood, hav- J ing been recently appointed keeper of the - Lonedyke Mill on the marshes ; but, while waiting to take hie first spell of duty, he had made suóh good use of his time in the three weeks he had sojourned at the village, that he thought himself justified ip asking the farmer if he might consider himself fair y Kitty Laverock's accepted suitor. " Aye, you're right," the farmer was saying. "These marshes are a protection in war-time. Better be here, with them atwixt us and the sea, than on an open coast, with Master Paul JoneB, the American privateer, harrying our shores," " They were saying in Lowestof t yesterday that one of his vessels had been driven southwards from off the Scottish cóast in last week's gale," said Dick. « 'Twas not. his own schooner, but thst of his partner^ Cyrus Willan, the gossips had it. If tjhat be so, the murdering wretches will be giving the English coasts a taste of their quality.'^ " An' they be wise, they will rather beat back northwards and gain Paul Jones's company. Our eastern shores are dangerous to Such as have no knowledge of their pilotage," commented Farmer Laverock, carelessly. There was a brief silence, and then Dick nerved himself for the effort, for he was due vV that day to relieve the other keeper at thft mill, and it Was time he started. . " Master Lnverock," he began, solemnly, " I have not been known to you for long» but I hope yoa do not think badly of me/? The farmer was a slow-thinking mfln, an his broad face took a look of wonder aB hi turned to the now mill- keeper. " Thiu badly of you, my lad P I have seen nought to make me do so," he answered. " I served live years in the Essex marshea at the sluicing before I got this job*, and £ know my work. There's a mutter of wxty pound, too, from my wage," continued Dick,, much more modestly than his words would imply. " Well, ' store is no soie/ has our proverb» bas it," said the farmer, still looklngpuzzled, " But these matters are no concern of mine, nor have I questioned you upon them. Ah!" he added, as a sudden light of comprehension showed itself in his eyes* " You have a favor to ask of me, mayhap f Out with it, my lad." « I would ask your leave to woo your daughter for my wife," replied Dick, with desperate boldness. Farmer Laverock stepped back two pace» and stared at the young man in astonishment. "My daughter!" he exolaimed. " MY daughter ! I never heard tell of such a thing. Have you spoke to the girl herself about it?" " Not rightly to pvt the question, plain and straight," said Dick; "but there si» signs about the maid that she thiaksofm» as I of her. It seemed more respectful to speak of you first, Master Laverock.* •«' And a good thing you did, young- man,, or you'd have been sent away With a flea in your ear," replied the farmer, with ait gesture that caused the watcher behind the^ window-oortain to utter a whispered " Oh ! - of dismay, " Why, she has been psomised this two year to Lewis North; tbeother keeper at the mill—the lad you are about to relieve. They are to be manied come M1sh~ aelmas." , " And 8hs has not oeased to Ipve him ? '* j stammered Dick, ruefully* - 1 " Not if sitting hand in hand in the* j gloaming and walking ont on Sundays' has J anything to do with it." responded Lavezook. décUdyely. (To be ConU»ned.> Printed and published by Robert GeWsli^ and Thomas J. Graft at the offl se of th« Mxuarstta* Bow; street, tńorpe, New South Wales. 