A SOCTETY SENSATION. All ! talking of sensational dmppoarAncoa, ojd Davo Winhmt, tho famous cx- dcten- tivc, cloned his eyes and shook silently over some exquisito recollection— what about tlio olectrio shock that ran round when Miss Valnrio Carstairs, Lord Lohnmnn's nieco and ward, and tho star of hor aenson, vanished as complototy as if sho had Iwon ethereal ircd, within a fow months of hor marriage to tho duchess's nophew, and of a stopping into a fortuno of a cool hundred thousand ? I ono of those after tho biggest reward over offered. Five thousand pounds — for anyone who could bring her back to life, as ono paper wont and pub it. Firfc of all, it seems, there was a queer paragraph ono day in one Af the society papers. It hinted at tho strange disap- pcaranco of a young heiress inuring in tho highest circle — at a mystery thut was being hushed up. The daily papers snatched at it ; inside a week all London was debating the question whether Lord Loh matin's beautiful niece hud been spirited away or had committed suicide. Lord Lohmann himself, it was said, would tell nothing — admit nothing ; hut it was quite enough for the public to know that ho had offered a cheque for £500 for definite news of her where abouts. It appeared that one evening she had driven to a big drapery establishment in Hegont Street. There she vanished. Over an hour tho coachman waited, and then, as Miss Valorio was not to bo found on the premises, ho concluded that sho had left by a side cntrauco J homo ho went. She was not there ; Lord Loh mann sent him scurrying back. Another search— a lob of whispering and wonder ing— a crowd got round. It looked somehow serious . tho couchnian, in a vague fright, hung about fur another hour boforo daring to return. »» hen he din, Lord Lohmann himself met him at the gates, and somncd to turn deadly whito when ho saw tho man's face and mnpty carriage. However, a queer thing hap pened here. My lord ordered hiui to go back and assure the proprietors it was alt right; Miss Valeria had now reached her residence after a walk. And it was not till next day the coachman was ttnfriliiirl nf liniH-iinr flint, nnklntlff nf Llm kind had occurred — Miss Valerio had really disappeared, leaving no traco. The eonaation would have been n week old when, ono morning, an envelope wus ) landed at tho Yard, marked ' Most vital It contained Lord I»hmann'x card. I happened to bo in my chiefs private room, receiving instruct ions, when Ids lordship was shown in. Ho was a tall whitc- whiskcrcd old gentleman, famous for his fierce, military appoararice ; but if ever a man looked scared and haunted, he did, For over so long ho sat whispering thickly, and tiion tho ciiiof turned to uio. Singular, this i Er — Wishort, Jet that other mutter slide. Go back with Ids lordship, and see what you inako of it. Report to me as soon as possible.' A cab waited. Within an hour, seated in tho cosy study of a mansion in Maury Gardens, I had hoard it all, and was as completely at a loss as Lord Lohmann himself scoinod to bo. I T'rl liavn mvpn itnvl.liinr..1 lift fillnprl. pacing tho Hoor, ' if I could havo kept it out of tlicso gossiping papers. I liato publicity of that sort at any time : I'm afraid almost to go out ; I'm inundated witli lottors and telegram. Just look at this hint ; thnt the mystery is in tensified by the fact that I eont the coach man to say my poor niece was at homo. A mero Hash-thought of mine to stop scandal, to prevent the news roaching and scaring her intended husband, tho Jlon. Rupert Lovcli 1 Does ho know I Know i Ho Jmd started abroad for a health trip. Hero's « laving telegram from iiiui at Nice, tolling mu to irmko tho reward £5,000. IIo's prostrated with tho shock. And tho duchess, his aunt — J drew seeing hor ! T shall go mad I . . . 4 A.. -I I .. JT- ' I r., I.. I lUUltUUl JtS»U IMJRil I Ul'JlUJJJ ; JJIt'JJ ono knows; tho thing was arranged long ago between the two furnilics. My poor niece Iiiui been planning her trousseau. mI ...tl I ..npt.. ,.1 .. I WMtttk .1.1 ll.ftt 1U. JVUUI i—vui umiij i iiHttb.<vvuiu vituv have to do with tho caxo I' I merely asked,' I said, carefully, ' And thcro was no prior attachment — uothinu Limb mijkt Huooost Llm mnulhilil v of a romantic escapade? I .'My niece.' ilo started pitifully. I PooUl no. lias that got alx>ut 1 There was a sort of girlish attraction, yours ago, now you speak of it— soino good- looking young secretary, nnmod Harold Wilborforce. I showered her tho mad ness of that ; sent him oil to a berth in Jamaica, .Mr. Wishurt, as you sit there, I believo my ward bus been watched — doesn't she stop unconditionally into hor fortuno in six months' timo ! Lured into sumo mock marriugo, trapped into signing papers that she ducsn't understand, und tliut will have to ho mot Inter.' .'Don't worry, my lord!' His theory SCUIUCU lu mu liwui, ivt luuftiuiu us bum, a gang of brigands had whiskod her abroad and wero wiring the terms of hor rntisoin. It wns awkward— but more than one nowspapor Imd hinted at the sombre possibility of suicide. And his lordship's llush and trcmblo woro not wanting in significance. 1 Cause for unhiippincss I' Ho quivored from bead to foot. 'Lot mu find out which of the servants lias been chattering. Mr. Wisliart, any such suggegtiou abroad ns that will bo tho lost straw for nio. No, no I I may have been a little harsh, unsympathetic, in my capacity — and, Heaven knows, I don't sleep for thinking of it.' Ho stopped, overcomo, as I rose. 'Only find her — bring iier quiotly hack !' ho exclaimed, brokenly. ' I'll ask no questions, stop at no expense— nud tlioro's a cheque for livo thousand pounds I' Bliniv ! A is linun Inf/u T tin/1 flll'MD. I tho coachman's memory insido out, ques tioned several other servants till tiicy trembled, sculed all tlioir lips) and was scurrying oil to tho drapery establish ment. Not the ghost of a cluo hero, none of tho ahopwalkcrs could recollect Miss Carstairx going out. As I passed out tho ' evoning ' papers were making their appearance. Nearly all tho contents bills had a tempting reforenco to tho great society sensation. By next morning I lind wailed through a record of all the coroners' inquests held throughout tho country for tlin fateful week, Nothing came of that — nor of a briof study of tho criminal trials for the samo period. Oh, for some starting" point i Following up baro theories, I had only ono card loft to piny. Boforo leaving Lord Lohuiann's house I hod obtained a fow particulars concerning tho good-looking young man who imd dared to fall in love with a society heiress; my cablogrnm was on its way to Kingston, Jamaica. Tho repiv cumo late that evoning. Harold Wilborforco liod left that placo soino months boforo. I draw a sharp breath, and wirod to the police centra nt Islington for two plain-clotlios inspectors. Wo set to work. In less than twonty- four hours I had burrowed beneath n tremendous fact : Harold Wildorforco mid certainly boon in London not three mint lis before — had boon seen by peoplo who know him locally. To traco him step by step might occupy weeks. I was going to jump to my ultimate idea. Besides, I saw in tlmb day's paper a report that news of tho vanished heiress had been received. 1 hurried off to Maury GardanH. His lordship was in tho study. He had another visitor there— a tall, brown- bearded gontloinan, with bluo spectacles. Tho moment I entered I noticed thnt his inentnl agitation wns of a different order from tliut sliown in our first interview. ' AVhy, hero is Mr. AVishart I' ho gasped. ' I niado sure you lind turned the ease over to someone else. Have' — have you succoeded, tool' ' Succoedod 1' A sort of cold shock crept down my spine. ' "Well, no ; but I liavo soino information for, you which might ' ' Might ! Why, you're just nil hour too into, man t Hero's this other gentle man from tho Yard actually traced hor — found hot I It's all over. Unloss any thing happens sho'll be hero within tlireo hours from now. Well you may stnro I' Ju-deed 1' I got out, I glared blankly nt my lucky rival. I'll own my lioud was whirling in a way now to me. If nothing else, tho off-hand way in which, after all thn profound sensation, tho affair was being wound up and tho reward handod over would have nottlod any man in my filaco. ' I should like to ask, if I might, low it ' ' Ho won't tell 1' breathed iiis inrdtliip. ' I'm quite in tliu dark mysoif. I knew nothing except that my poor girl is iouiiu. ' Merely business,' said the other man, peering in a note-book he held. ' I couldn't afford to have my theories criticised yet. As I said, a whisper, a rumour of any sort, and all my work might be undone.' The hint Heoincd broad. Hardly knowing it, I gob up. I Imd oxpoctcd at least that his lordship would inquire as to my incidental expenses, but lie was too Hurried and absorbed. Ho shook lmnds conclusively ; and there I was, walking out nf tho house in n prickly heat. It was just growing dusk. I walked a fow fiacos, and then waited, watching the iouso. Fivo minutes — fifteen, miiybo ; then out enme tlio man who had cut the ground from under inv fact so suiiirtiv and was going to collar tho rownrd. As lie hurried post I took a run across and put out my hand and seised hie. 'Congratulate you!' Then, on an stared into tho bluo spcctuulcs. 1 Come 1' 1 whispered. 1 Share tlio game. You'ro not from the Yard, yiu know.' ' Really V He gave an awkward laugh. ' Never said I was — his lordship's mistake. I'm from a privato agency. And, for once, we've been smarter than your peoplo, eh I' ' 8u it seems. I'eilmps,' t said, 'you simply found out where slio Imd ninrried, by liccnso or otherwiso, tlio man she Imd always wanted— tlio inun from Jamaica — Harold ivilberforco 1 'IVilbcrforcol' I wus certain lio whitened a bit. ' Fooli ! l'ou'ro right u/1' tlio scont tlioro, I assure you.' And ho hurried away, as if hard hit. I must havo stood transfixed for quito ten minutes, my uruui ininy ourning its way through a film of obscurities. Three hours, Lord Lohmann had said, that it was now a littlo nftcr seven. I slipped 1IU.o jviiigiitnunugu iiiiu look a caii itir Islington. No, iny men had traced Wilborforco no farther ; but incidontally I tlioy hod secured wiinctliiug from his tvrtiiiui lOUUIiMtjr -t I null IIIIIIV UU UOLUI. I took it, mndu snmo mental calculations, and dccitlod to bo ' in at tho death.' It was barely ton as I rang tlio bell and askod to see his lordship again. I was in time ; I found him pacintr a sittine- room, very pale, his norves at tlio highest tension. 'Youl' ho breathed, 'Sho hasn't conio — ho can't liavo fnilod. Tliat poor girl. Just think : shut up in somo den, jivi nu|iO| nor iiuuib ; Vory likely,' I said. ' Hasn't it yet struck your lordship tlint tlioro is some thing exceptionally strango in this develop ment ? I mean ' ' Strango ! I Imrdly know wiiothor I nni dreaming or not. I'vo wired a lio to inn nun. jiujiui-i. — to stop nun coining. I can't think at ail— I only want to sou her bnck hero safo and sound. You don't think lie ' >> ' ' I think hu'll mnnago it,' I said, ' and I wns going to ask your lordship if I may remain hero till your niece arrives — T will tell you why, afterwards. Perhaps ' A sharp, thrilling ring nt tho hull bell. His lordship sprang a step forward- forgot mo entirely in his supremo suspense. I glanced round. There was an art-screen in tho corner ; on an impulse, I stepped behind it. Through tho intcrstico I saw his lordship's arm go out, as a woman, heavily veiled, hositatcd at tlio doorway. Sho throw back tho veil, and moved towards tho arms liko a tragedy queen. ' Valorio !' Yes, it was Valerie Carstairs : I recognised tlio starry eyes in tlio oval fnco at once ; and tlio hiuo- spectaclod man llfl/1 f/lllrtWfvl linn in nlnco/l Hin rloni. nn,l stood with his lioud delicately turned, 1 Valerio !' his lordship almost sobbed it. Is it you 1 I thought— I thought you woro lost for ovor. What does it all mean ' Where liavo you been 1' ' Don't ask mo I' cumo a whisper. ' 1 can't tell you — I daren't— not yot. J'm hero; you sha'n't worry any more — I novor thought you would. I I 1 And then, without another word, sho throw up both hands to hor fnco and rushed out of the room. A moment's strained silenco. My rival's low voice broke it ; ' Well, my lord, I think I liavo dono my part fairly well to t|mo(' ' Yes, indeed I' With another sob ho fumbled in his breast pocket. I honestly believo to this day that he had tho ohoquo ready, and would have handed it over on tlio spot. But there was the psychic moment. I cleared my throat and thou stopped out. ' Ono moment 1' I said. ' I'm going to take a liberty. Lord Loliinann, with all respect, I think as much of tho crodit for solving this mystrry is due to ino ns to this gentleman. You montioned a man named Harold Wilborforco. If you look at tliis photograph of him and then at this gontlemnii without his disguise, I think you'll find — follow me !' Possibly my rival niado a movement as if to go. I am not certain. I only know that I jumped forward an! made a grab at Mint homely brown beard. Taken unawares, ho flashed up his hnnd just too Into— it enmo away, and his hurried movement knocked off tlio bluo spectacles simultaneously. Dono. With only n vivid spot on oitiior cheek he draw liitnsolf up— not tlio original ot my precious pnoto- graph ; not Wilborforco ; but a clean shaven, aristocratic-looking young gentle man, who .... ' Great heavens ! Rupert! Ru That was tlio husky, indoserilmblo whisper that broko on his lordship's lips. If lie stood as though paralyzed, I was not much better. My inspiration hnd hnrnn fruit with a vonveaiics : but this — 1 It was tlio Hon. Ruport Lovoll, nepliow to a duchess, the man whom Miss Carstairs was down to marry, and ho was nt tlio door. 'Yos, sir,' ho said, quietly. 'T havo played you a trick, against my bettor "sonso. Ono more act of folly of mine. I thing I have paid the price.' Ho went out. A rustic, n fovorisii whispering, and tiion, before wo hod half realized, Miss Valerie was in tho room, uur wuibu luuu ulna iiiiu muit uicuu 111 ucr eyes allowing thnt sho bod heard all. ' No, I'll pay. Uncle.' It was a moan I can hoar now, ' Uncle I bliuno tno — punish mo. I was wicked ; at my wits' ond. Think — liston Ruport in debt ; in torror for his aunt mid exposure; a gambling affiiir thnt will novor, nover happen again. I knew it all ; know lio was going to the Jows or abroad to escape tho consequences I asked you to ndvanco mo somo of my monoy you refused, you drove mo to do a fooli«h thing. I wanted to save him I mnde him do it. I ran nway on purpose — plantiod it nil in a moment — and hid in apartments. I mode him suggost tho reward ; I moant to pay back ovcry farthing of it. Kiss mo, forgivo mo nil, and lot me help him to bo a man. Ho will try — lie has promised. "Undo 1 uncle, doAr.' And of n sudden tho old geutlomun caught her in his arms und fairly broke down— as a relief in both sonsoa, no doubt. I know thoro was a raro lump in iny own throat. ' Wisliart. Your hand. Not a word, that gontlenian'H honour. I sha'n't for get. Cull nguin. And I did ; and, I can tell you, my blood tincled to rights nt night of tho cheque his lordship linndcd mo. I only smiled when I saw in tlio papers thnt tho society sensation hnd fizzled right out — Miss Valorio had only met n friend, and hurried off to see n sick relation in the suburbs. 