ITHE CATHOLIC CONGRESS.' ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL. DEDICATORY SERVICES. Sydney, September 7. St. Mary's Presbytery, Sydney, presents a busy scene as a result of the arangements proceeding for the Australasian Catholic Congress, which opens on Monday next. 'flic triduum -in .preparation .for the grand opening and dedication of St. Mary's Cathe dral commenced on Thursday. The cathe dral is open for the first time since its completion for these t:niumn services. At the dedication ceremony his Excellency the Governor, the Chief Justice, the Mayor of Sydney, the Ministry, and the consuls, will assist officially. . 'The archbishops and bishops of Australia and an immense number of the clergy from all the dioceses are arriving in Sydney tidily, in readiness for the congress and dedication ceremony at which they will assist. Tne Archbishop of Melbourne, the .Bishop of Ballarat, and the Coadjutor Bishop of Bendigo, arrived on Wednesday', accompanied by a large number of the clergy from Victoria.' The cardinal will preside at the dedication, and the sermon will be preached by Archbishop Bedwood, of Wellington. The ceremony promises to be the most memorable that either old or new St. Mary's has known. Following the church ceremonies on Sun day, the prelates, visiting priests, and inter colonial members of congress will be enter tained at a banquet m St. .Mary's Hall by tne Catholic laity of Sydney. Pontifical High Mass, the first of the tri duimi services, was celebrated in the Cathe dral on Thursday morning, the celebrant being Bishop Grimes, S.M., of Ohristchurch. New Zealand. He was assisted by the deacon and sub-deacon, . and_ masters of ceremonies from St. Patrick's College, Manly. The Very llev. Dr Murphy, pre sident of 'the College, acted as assistant priest. There was a veTy large number of the local and yisfting clergy present, and a full congregation. An eloquent sermon was preached by the Very Eev. Father T. O'Farrell, from the appropriate words, "Behold, henceforth all generations shall call me blessed." 'The solemn triduum, he said, was intended to prepare 'them for the great function of Sun day next, when the Cardinal would bless t'liat magnificent temple and offer it to God in honor of most holy Mary, the help of Christians. Why did they as Catholics •make so much of Mary ? Why did they build, cathedrals, churches, and chapels in her 'honor? Why did they turn to hex for help in 'their trials, temptations, and neces sities? Hid they not expose themselves to taunt and ridicule for so doing? They were taunted, ridiculed, and calumniated on account of their devotion to Mary; but they had the long ages of Christianity to justify and to guide them in that, as in all the doctrines and practices of tneir faith. Was it not a prophecy inspired by the Holy Ghost, and therefore cercaiu to he fulfilled, chat all generations should call her blessed? And Jesus Himself had on the cross commended her to the devotion of His followers when He said, "Behold your mother." What could such words have meant at that solemn moment if they took from them the meaning attached to them by the Catholic ChurchThat now tribute of 'their praise and devotion would be another precious gem in the crown of their blessed Lady, which would give joy to the Heavenly •Court, and especially to her devoted client, John Joseph wherry, who laid the first foundations of the noble pile, and to those great archbishops, priests, and people Who had lived and labored for St. Mary's. The music comprised Haydn s No. 3 im perial Mass, Farrent's unaccompanied un tiiem "0 sacrum convivium,'"Gounod's "Ave Maria," and Handel's "Hallelujah chorus." At the offertorv Miss Mil'fie VVynn sang Gounod's "Ave Maria," Farrant's anthem was sung at the Gradual and mandel's "Hal lelujah" at the end, as the clerical proces sion left the sanctuary- The chorus, which consisted of about 170 carefully selected voices, sang with conspicuous purity of tone, precision, and firmness of attack, and strict attention to detail. At 7 p.m.'the cathedral was again full, when the Very Eev. Dr. Carroll, Y.G., gave solemn benediction of the most holy sacra TTKint. The preacher was the verv Rev. Father Ryan, S.J., rector of Kew College, Melbourne. The musical solos at this ser vice were "Pater noster" (Medermever), "0 salutaris" (Rassmi), and "Tan turn er£°." , • O T Amongst 'the clergy present were Cardi nal Moran, the clergy of St. Mary's, with archbishops, bishops, and representatives from Adelaide, Melbourne, Ballarat, Sand hurst, Brisbane, xtockhampton, Perth, 1v el liugfcon, Port Augusta, Auckland, Dunedin, Chrisbchurc'h, Ho'bart, Armidale, Bathxirst, Goulburn, Maitland, and. Wilcanma. The local executive controlling the many de tails of the various functions connected wi'th the triduum, the dedicatory cere monies, and.-the congress, to extend until September 16, are the Hons. T. .Dalton, J. T > Toohev, and T. M. Slattery, hon. trea surers; the Eight Eev. Monsignor J. J. O'Brien the Eev. Dr. O'Haran. Alderman T Hughes, and Mr. J. W. Street. It is anticipated that there will be 1,200 mem bers of the congress present at the cere monies, 220 coming from Victoria alone. A MAGNIFICENT BUILDIXG. St. Marris Cathedral is a fine specimen of Gothic" architecture, and the appoint ments are in keeping with the solid exter nal appearance, enhanced by endless va riety of artistic effect. It was the special care of Archbishop Polding, Arrchbishop Yaudian, and Oardinal hioran. It has not been richly endowed by any great sum. About £100,000 was spent upon the build ing during the time of the two archbishops, and since Cardinal Moran's arrival in 18S4 another £100,000 has been spent. The prin cipal measurements are:—Length outside when completed, 350 ft.; length of part complete, 208 ft.; general width, 80 ft.; length of transepts, 124 ft.; width ot tran septs, SO ft.; height of nave, 98 ft.; hein-ht o-f groined ceiling from floor, 74 "it.; height of completed central tower 127 ft.; height of front towers and spire to be 232 ft. The foundations were completed in 1868. Mr. John Young was the contractor for the mam building to 1888, carrying out five tracts were carried out by Messrs. Love ridge & Hudson. Till his death the archi tect, Mr. W. W. WardeU, who also de signed St. Patrick's Cathedral, Melbourne, personally superintended the work. Since then his son -and Mr. Denning have done so. The building generally runs Ham north 'to south. The sanctuary, choir, high altar, and other altars, are at the northern end. Here also is a magnificent window, 15 ft. high. On the eastern and western side the rose windows are of great size and beauty. Situated away from the busy heart of the city, removed in a measure from its Jin, surrounded by the people s parte, and overlooking the harbor, the ca thedral occupies an appropriate and attrac tive site, and is conspicuous from its size, its solidity, and its massive ornate central tower. The structure is of Pyrmont sand stone, possessing warmth of coloring. Some of the decorative work is beanbrrally-chisell ed. The general design is cruciform, and in cludes naves and tra-pspets in keeping with convenience in moving. large ninnfoers or nei'Me When completed the -building will extend from St. MaryVroad to Wooloomoo loo-street; with its main frontage to Col lege-Street, and will cover the ground now occupied by the old cathedral and St, Mary's schooVhall. The main roofs are ox open timber-work, except those of the choir axkl sanctuary, which are groined like York Cathedral. The roofs of the aisles are groined in Stone, and are regarded as the most artistic, best finished, and most interesting work ot the kind in the. colonies. Three sacristies are completed, oxre being for the urea bishop, one for the clergy, and one for the aeolvtes. These are approached by a cloister from the eastern aisle. The sanc tuary is imposing and beautiful it rs ap proached by seven white marble steps. At its end is the high altar with the arcluepis copal throne. The aisles, .with the space between the altar and the tedy chapel form a complete ambulacrum and approach to the Ladv chapel, with the chapels of bt Peter and 'St. Joseph, the Sacred Heart of Our Saviour, and the proposed chapel of the Irish saints. Some 500 people could attend mass in the Lady chapel and .m hardly seen from the main body of tne cathedral. The floor of the. sanctuary is of elaborate glazed mosaic tiles. The-riles used in the main aisles are of American marble. The high altar and reredos, the gift of Messrs. Riley Bros., are of exquisite beauty, and cost £2,000. They are-chiefly of snow-white stone from Oamaru, New Zealand. The inscription on the altar is:— "To the greater glorv of God, and in grate ful memory of Archbishop Polding." The upper altar is also richly carved, and is re lieved by carved heads in sunk quatre foils. The reredos to the high altar has seven inches on each side, with a larger niche and finial at each end. The central niche is richly canopied and finished with primacies and a pierced lantern, at the -top. The lower •portion is treated with carvings representing the passion-flower. The altar and reredos of the" Lady chapel, als-o of rich design, arc completed. The windows, of stained gloss, have been the special care of Dr. Donovan, Q.C. They have cost £7,000, and were executed by Hnrd'man, Powell, & Co., of Birmingham. All 'the windtnys have been the result of private benefactions, and are mostly memorials of people of note. The comnixmion. rail, the throne, 'bite canopy, the pulpits lectern, the brass work, gas standards, seats, and other details are all in keeping with the general harmony of richness and elegance. Many of these are special gifts, and neither money nor taste has been "grudged :by the doners. Messrs. F. Lassetter & Co., under the last contracts, supplied the mosaic floors-to the chapels, the marble steps to the sanctuary, besides renovating the brass work. The last main contracts for completing the nave and aisles amounted to £29,217, and sub sidiary contracts totalled £5,176. 