Memories of the Grafton Synod. By M. A. C. One of the memories of the 1900 Synod at Grafton, which will not be easily forgotten, was the journey over of nearly 120 miles, broken up into short stages, covering 8£ days The circuit horse, hitched to a sulky, which was to have the honour of transporting my frame to the Queen City, started 'with a bad reputation. The Sunday previous, without any seeming oause, he played up, breaking the harness, and well-nigh bringing the vehicle and its occupant to grief. The brute, said one, ought to be shot. I would not, said another, trust my life to that animal. And another remarked, it will never take you to the Synod. Notwith standing, I elected to risk myself to the mercy of ' Bud,' rather than go by the way of the sea, dreading the horrors of mal- de-mer. My noble ' Bud' hon oured my trust by conveying me safely to Grafton and baok. It was pleasing to hear the eulogiums passed upon my horse. One lady said, Hasn't 'Bud' a nice head ? Another, 'who with difficulty tried to harness it, said, This animal has ' got a bit of blood in it. Another, who is supposed to understand a horse, said, comparing ' Bud ' with another horse, Commend me to this one (Bud) for endurance. The last 18£ miles of the journey it trotted in hours, coming ; into Grafton as fresh as a daisy ; in fact, it seemed, like Tennyson's brook, ready to go on for ever. One of the other horses, a grey lump of a thing, as if jealous of any noble steed, kicked out at it, giving it a ca-4y wound on one of the hind legs. Never mind, ' Bud,' that long journey discovered you have good qualities. As an important factor in connection with the Synod you did well. If the revered Wesley be correct in his idea of the immortality of animals, I reckon you stand a fair chance. The long journey was sweetly beguiled toy the mid-dav halt, where, like the Illustrious Elijah, we ate by the brook, and also by the evening location in a Methodist home, with its formations .and renewals of friendship. The lady of our party in one of our chit-chats over the learning billy, told us that she had recently a remaikable dream. She dreamt that she attended the rendition of a cantata in the Centenary Hall, the tbeme of whioh was the weaknesses of all the ministers of the Conference. Oh, she added, it was laughable. ' Tell us these weaknesses, not our own, as we inow them already.' She would not, how ever, be drawn. Discreet lady ! For the delectation of one particular member of the party, the same lady gave us the definition of a Scotchman. It was, she said, one who keeps the Sabbath, and everything else he puts his hands upon. This fancy after sharing in the Scotch man's tucker. Unkind lady ! Another of the memories was THE SYNOD ITSELF. ' The natural home of the Synod, said one, was Grafton. The two previous Synods were held from home — one at Lismore, on the Richmond, and the other at Kempaey,«on the Macleay. This led a brother in one of his speeches to liken the Synod to William Tell, who, on his return home, after address ing his native crags and peaks, said — ' Methinks I hear a spirit in your echo's answer me, And bid your tenant welcome to his home again.' The Synod at Home, and the members of the Synod, equally at home. The presiding genius was the Uev. R. Allen, supported on the right hand by the senior members of the Synod, and on the left by the Secretary and his assistant, and in front of him, on either side of the table, the rank and file men of loyal heart and purpose. As I looked upon the laity, in close association with the ministers for the common good of our Church, I thought of William Arthur's words : ' The richest endow ment of Methodism is the unbought labours and services of our laity.' Gracefully did a lay worker take the rejection of a resolution, whioh in a elaborate and lengthy speech he intro duced. With the view of bringing the Church in its Synodal gatherings more prominently before the people, especially by way of the press, it was proposed and carried unanimously, ' That the first evening of the Synod be an open Session at which the Chairman will deliver an official address. On the second last day of the Synod, as Mr. Staines, took his seat, a brother re marked, ' Alas ! a stain upon the Synod,' adding 'wash away our guilty Staine.' The Public Meetings will also linger with us as a sweet memory, the first of which was held the evening before the Synod, with the view doubtless of imparting an element of seriousness ; it was a devotional and sacramental service, at which an appro priate address was given. The indis pensable tea-meeting followed on the second night. It was a decided success. The tables, tastefully and appetisingly arranged, were presided over by 'a stope of ladies whose bright eyes rain influence.' The musical items were executed by a large trained choir. The addresses were four in number. The Chairman in his remarks was remini scent, as also was the second speaker. The latter, looking into the face of the listening crowd and referring to a dis paraging statement made by a local Anglican dignitary against Methodists, said : 'You do look well to have been brought up on ' potatoes and water gruel.' ' The third speaker had his subject given him : ' Methodism and her Mission.;' the fourth likewise, ' Methodism and her claims upon the Young.' The stone-laying ceremony in connection with our new church at Bru8hgrove was gratifying to all. The Chairman had the honour of fixing the ' chief corner-stone,' aud declaring it well and truly laid in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The usual bottle containing coins, docu ments, &c.;, was placed in the cavity. Congratulatory addresses were given. Refreshments afterwards were partaken of, while a band discoursed music; The last, and not the least important meeting held was under the aus pices of the Women's Christian Temperance Union, presided over by the Presbyterian minister. Mrs. Allen, the wife of the Chairinau, read the annual report, which showed good work had been done. Several of the Synod ministers spoke. One of the speakers gained for himself applause by declaring that he was in favour of extending the franchise to women. Another aud final memory wuich will remain was the KINDNESS OF THE PEOPLE. All along the line of travel — Uynka, Mackdville, Newry. Island, Nara Glen — it was kindness upon kindness. Provi dence, I remarked in one of the homes, is good in locating good and generous Methodist families all along the route. I had remarked before that ' Providence and prayer hinder the man.' I see, said one, you believe in the three p's — Providence, Provender, and Prayer. My reply was, I do. As along the line of travel, so in Grafton itself. My hostess greeted me thus : ' Welcome to a Methodist home.' The banquet ten dered by Mr. and Mrs. Page, and the quiet social evening spent in the beautiful home of Mr. and Mrs. Cox will not soon be forgotten. May the memories of each successive Synod be like this one, and I for one, will not mind the incon venience of a long journey. 