Miss Tattle's Mistake By G. B. BURGIN, lAuthor of '.The Judge of l?our Corners,' . 'Gascovne's Ghost,' 'Fortune's Foot falls,' &c;: : ?' ' ' nTTAV-TTtTR t. ? ' ' Miss Tuttle was undeniably pretty; that ?was the worst of it; and she did 'things, on the strength -of' her- prettiness and plumpness which would not have been ?tolerated for an instant if they had bsen perpetrated by. a snub- nosed girl with a. re- semblance to Pharaoh's lean kine. '?Very well,' was Miss Tuttle's reply to her uiam ina. when' remonstrated with on the sub ject of her '.cruelty to young men. 'What are young men for? ]f -they dosi't like it, they du lump It.' Tlie expression ? was not elegant, but its general effect was to cause Miss Tuttle's admirers to 'lump' . each other -with their fists, to the keen de . light of that young lady, who was as un feeling as she was pretty. '?You ought to be ashamed, cf yourself, ' said Miss Tuttle's' mamma to her, about a ] .week before Christmas. 'Even this season of peace and goodwill doesn't seem to have any effect on you. When I was a girl— and e very pretty girl your papa thought hie— I didn't care to go on so. 'You see, mammy,' said Misa Tuttle, with an impertinent toss of 'her -pretty head,' 'that was some time ago. 'Fortunately for you, miss, retorted the indignant Mrs. Tuttle, 'or you would 'have a good whipping.' 'Fancy your talking, like that ;at this season of peace and goodwill!' Why, Tin too 'big to whip now, you cruel old parent, said Miss Tuttle serenely. 'I wonder you dare to recall your past wickedness in that direction.' 'It would be just as well: if you were to recall it a little oftener,' said Mrs. Tuttle. 'As I said just now, here's Christmas com ing, and you set all the young men by the ears instead of promoting peace and good will among them.' '? ? 'I'm sure 1 do all I can to make them happy,' said Miss Tuttle. 'It isn't my fault if they will go quarrelling with one another, and baking love to me, and as to Christ ma* being a time of peace and goodwill, I ahoukl like to make them all happy, but I don't see how it's to be done. When I try to make one of -them happy, all the others call' him -names.' 'It's your wav of mismanaging things,' eaid Mrs. Tuttle' severely. 'When I was a young' woman.. I never allowed more than tw- M-e'opIe . to make love to me at once. The one who didn't mean anything by his attentions ..always kept the other up to the mark,' ' .-. 'Well, you see, it's so much simpler to have half-a-dozen/' said Miss Tuttle se renely. 'You can't always depend on one man being- in a good temper. If you. have five or- six others to fall back upon .it makes ihipgs so much pleasanter all round. Every body gets a chance then, and feels as if he had something to 'Jive for.' 'It may sound all very well in theory,' *aid Mrs. Tuttle, 'but it won't work in rear life. Now, you are already beginning to get on in years and ought to settle down. If: you don't accept one c-T tfhese exceed ingly eligible young men who are eating us out of ihouse and 'home — (last Sunday's meat 'bill was simply preposterous)— you may find -yourself an old maid, and you won't religh the prospect.' . '. 'I don't know. There is always a good -leal of fun poked at old maids; but they get very, much 'the--best o! the bargain if mgy'vQ enough money to live on.' 'YeSj, but that is just what they haven't.' 1 eaid Mrs. Tuttle. 'Nowadays, everybody fcas.to work for a living.' , -.'And that, I suppose, is why people . marry. , Girls have to work for their hus bands in order to keep them in a good 'temper and rail -tiia't sort ci .thing. Well, I'm; not. going to marry anybody just yet, «nd if these people come bothering me I shalUjust tell what I rhink of them.' r i . 'Pity you can't select any one of them,'' eaid Mrs; Tuttle.. 'Here's Christmas com ing on, and 1 can't. bear to see you upset ting ail the young men in the place, and1 snaking them have uncharitable thoughts of one another. They'll get to look upon Christmas as a 'hollow mockery.' 'Christmas doesn't seem to cause any -iif- Jerence to them,' said Mias Tuttle. ''They quarrel pretty much on an average all the year-round, and the indigestion caused by jtfclie,: things they eat here seems to make' jithem more bitter than usual with one- an lother,'. t 'Well, your father and I have agreed we ' orop;t have any more of this .nonsense. .lYou.iinu'fet just pick one out of the half idozen and -slick to ihim for better or worse. ,(We can't go on like tin's, feeding everyone in' the place without having any adequate Return for our money, so to speak. Your papa says that you are an investment upon nvhidh lie never gets any interest.' I 'J-guess I can look after my own interests, and ae to your wanting to get rid of me, I snail stay here just as long as I like and many whom I .please. You Shouldn't say euch things to me; at Christmas, you dear, unfeeling old maniiny, you.' 'You' are »a very u'ndutifuL girl!' said Bfrsgjputtle, goingoff an a huff. ?? . Tpl-conversa'tiohfiet Mies Tuttle think ing*, if It was true 'that .'lhalf-a-dozeh yojing ;men 3iad fallen in love with her pretty face: 'land ijt yas equally true tliat aie nad not 'made; up her nund whic'h one out of the 'tax ^hp.bught to marry. ??-?.??? .Ouv-asamatmas Eve, wiiilst ehe was still In- tftis' undecided .frame of ' inind, 'Miss ffufcfle's fix admirers came in to spend the ?e^pjng'Snth her just as t:he bells ^vere be ?tonniftgfto.iring. Miss Tuttle noticed tliat uiei£xountenances were illumined wjth vhe fligjhi'bf Astern 'resolve, and could not Help JthinKifig^fbat *ihe liad never seen1 six iiand jbomer young mien. It ceemed such a pity M'iiWs) five-b'F^eni urihaptoyr that ehe eoulaJnottoeTtf regretting tha| *h'e miiirt de lcide-in some-way. / She noticed; however, H2ia^ Wiien^Sfr4'.and Mrs. Tuttle had Jeft the reohj.* ^Ehey tfad npt %reak out 'itito thteir customSry 'li^ht and airy conversation, but isafr- Stiffly erect. ' All of taieni had. their ihSir ^fltteiceedinfely short.' The' one with' a.bjeara.had it snkvedioff. And,' with a . 'siB&iiig;' «-f 1 tlhe'lieart, iMiss' Tuifle iioticed Mat. sheir moustaches Trere pointed 'at the tends ,Sfl.f. the, approved Kit^-goer fashion. Wraiftiln4ettr|h did i^ mean V, ? ',, ?- : ' F $J^'wa« riot long left in jdoubt^ae to their ^neanmgj for Harry Singleton^ the hand ieome^ j»f the six, gave a preparatory cough; antfi*af§*|op *«l»al^f *%,|tW^ye, be i-mSFS&M;^ 'i, 'quesHoM;,^ ^ - !? ?'MSpBr!Sfe}^*it)aJ riddle. You are , not ttpm lo^nSiJbwTd' me Again this evening?' ippr^n^af inquired- Miss Tuttle. 'I Am- 6/%Vii: -H refuaijig.;;_you a}l,: that.jyou 'ifloiiv ?9 3f%vray your appetites by^ptbpbsing **1 tapjit be tood^J^ij afl4,^W ?*&*# all look so- stern. What is the matte'tt iJon't, pleate -don't, propose.' ' '. . 'No, we are not going to propose to you, that is, not in the usual way,' said Harry ?Singleton; 'but we have a proposal — a sort of - collective proposal, as it were — to make to you. l'erliaps you are not aware that ?ive'nre all going to the front?' ; 'Going where? 1'ou usually do go to the front when you come here.' I am sure mamma would never dream of asking you to come in at the back door, although it would be eo much more' convenient some times when papa doesn't want to see you.' . '' ? - Harry looked at her sternly. 'We have gradually come to the conclusion that .you iiave very little heart at all and that, as six good men and true, we should not be justilied in wasting our lives on a flirt.' .. 'I am not a nirt,'. eaid Miss Tuttle. in dignantly; ''and if you're all going to be disagreeable you had better go home again without your mince pies, so there!' But she looked inclined to cry and seemed to think that something unpleasant was com ing. 'The fact, is,' said Harry Singleton, pausing dramatically, in order to give due effect to his announcement, 'we have all volunteered for the front, and we all ex pect to be accepted.' 'What!' Miss Tuttle gave a little shriek and felt faint. In the classic lan guage of Macbeth, 'all her little chickens' were about to desert her. She . could scarcely realise the fact, then looked into their stern, resolved faces, and felt that ehe would never see them again. 'What do you want to go to the f-front for?' ehe asked, iu trem'bling -tones. 'You — you — you'd much better stay at the back. It — it's so muc'h'safer.' _'.We are going to the front because you are always putting us in'to the background,' said .Harry Singleton ominously. 'We have come. to the conclusion that we had much better serve our country than waste our time here whilst you are endeavoring to make up your mind which ..of us you will render uncomfortable for life.' 'Don't be rude,' said Miss Tuttle. 'On Christmas Eve, too, to say a nasty epi gramma'tic sort of 'bhing like t'hat. Because you 'have volunteered is no reason why you should insult me. If 1 have caused you to volunteer I have done the country a ser vice, for which it oug'ht to be grateful.' '1 suppose j-ou moan,' 6a«* Harry, 'that England ought to be gra'tei'i$ to get rid of us?' 'I think so,' eaid Miss Tuttle. 'People who can 'be rude 'to a lady, are just as well, out of ? -the' country, among their- fellow bores.' You can go and fight for all you are worth; I will, have nothing' to do with any of you.' ' '.'...'/. .. 'Oh, yes, you will,' said' Harry, with meaning. 'We have arrived at the. conclu sion that as most of us are likely to be killed-, the survivors will come back, and j'ou can make your choice from them. Still, as we are going to the field . of b&'tCle, we do -not intend to go without soinethUig to which to look forward.' 'O—c— can't you look fonvard to me?' faltered Miss Tufctle. 'No,' said Harry, 'because in that case we Should all be in the same position as before. We have, ''therefore, arranged that all of us who are killed will come back to haunt you next' Christmas. I daresay,' he added gloomily, 'that most. of us.. will be killed, and then, our gory ghosts will appear to you, and — and you'll be eorry for the un feeling way you have treated us.' 'Oh, don't,' said Miss Tuttfle. 'Please don't. It would he so exceedingly- uncom fortable,- and you'd see our Christmas Eve supper and not be able 'to eat any o'f it. It ie difficult enough for jrou to agree now, but if half of you become ghosts and halt survive I fancy 't'hat the relations will be more strained than before.' 'It doesn't seem to bother you much,' sarcastically remarked .one of the others. 'You know wh'at a martyr 'I- am to lum bagd;i You're simply sending me to my death.' ... '.lie qyiet!' said Singleton peremptorily, 'and don't be rude to Miss Tuttle. What I propose is that before we start ehe shail agree-to marry the survivor of us. As for myself, I have a rooted Conviction that there will be only the remnant of one of us left,' , . ., 'I can't marry a remnant,' said Miss Tuttle, with spirit. ' 'Don't talk to me as if you were left over from a «ile, but sit down and be nice and Christmassy, and sing me songs ' of. Araby, or any other music you've brought with you. Why can't you all stop quietly at home,- and let me make up my nundi when, I have time?' 'Because,' said another of her admirers, 'we are not. likely to Jive. more than a hundred years. At the exceed5ngly leisure ly rate at which you are making up your-, mind we should most of us die of old age before you came to any decision.' 'I don't know why you are all so abomin-i ably rude to-night/' faltered Miss Tuttle, 'Here's Christmas coming on, Ayhen everyr thing should be pleasant and 'comfortable^ and you upsetting all its pleasant traditions by your unpleasant behaviour. ]-o have -a mince pie each, and let bygones be by gone's.' . . -' 'We mean 'that we start in a week,'1 said Singleton^ disregarding her. piteous 'ap peal, 'and ;that; most of us expect to be killed. If we are, we shall come back and haunt you.' ' '? :' 'But I don't want to be haunted,' said Miss Tuttle, with decision. 'It's all wry well, to be haunted in Christmas stories, but in real life it would be most unpleasant. It would send Such a creepy-crawly feeling down my %ack. Besides, I can't liaye your ghosts fidgetting about my room, and tell ing me liow you dued arid all that sort of tihirig. There. *are plenty of other girle in '-the place.' :'W!hy cant : five of you go arid propose to five of them?' : 'I never thought of that,'1 :eaid admjrer' : Number Two: } -J: '. '~l ??' . 'Nor L' said Number Three.1 ' ' ?''' 'Nor I,' said Numher Four; : ; 'Nor I,' said Number Five. ' ' ? ?'' :? ? 'Yott see,' Baid Miss TuttleV. 'When j'ou come-to think over the matter sensibly/ there ^s really no difficulty. This is Christmas time — a time '.of univerpal peace and goodwill/ Now, you five just goolf and makej love to the nicest girhpyou can _tKink of, 'arid let me. settle the'-)tner patt of the matter,. with Mr.' Singleton':'/ '??? j- '/?'. ' Five of the young men .looked jfexceedingly foolish. Thejr TiaXl not thoughts this soiu tion'of the difliculty, arid fancied ^.hat they were making themselves ridiculous. ' Qn ?a' -wave of the ''hand from Singleton, in wfttim i%ef had implicit faith, they filed oiifc of,, the room with ;a yai^'attempt to lbok- jnili'tary and, reproachful at the game ttriie: Theu' Singleton, who v reiaainedj lboSed at 'Miss; Tuttle, and ? Miss Tutfld looked at Singleton. Singletoh .Uhorigfij mat^h'e haditeye'r been-Toiore' levely; Miss Tuttle thought 'Sitogletori eingliaarly hand granfi ' ?' ?''' ,' ' '' ' ' ? '*' * i'r '^''' - ? ? - ' £s 'Well.' said Miss Tuttle, 'why don't you go and do the same?- There are plenty of girls in the pkce. Yoii haye only to follow their example and -pick out one, arid then it can't matter to me whether you gb: tb:S6uth Africa..or atop at home;';- 'No, I i suppose not,' eaid Singleton, moodily switching his leg with the light iKTiip he. carried in his hand, aft^r ' the manner of a: recruiting gergearit who wishes to impress an admiring crowd.' 'Of course, you don't really care if I'm s|ain' upon the field of battle. I— I— I've not been very well lately' (he looked tlie beau ideal of vigorous manhood) ? 'and it wouldn't take jnuch to settle ine. Well, I'might perhaps worry through. What would you think of me if I carae back with one arm and one leg gone, and a Victoria Cross?' 'I should not ba in a' position to think,' said iw.iss Tuttle. 'If you take my acf^ce, you mil propose to some other girl, and she will do all the. thinking. necessary 'in the circumstances.' . . . . 'And you call this a Christmas spirit?' asked Singleton hitterljy seeing that Mass Tuttle Avas not to be moved 4-y hiB pathetic picture. 'You are. the most Unfeeling girl I have ever had anything to do with.' Miss Tuttle turned her face to the fire. 'I am sorry you think so badly of me. 1 have been trying very hard to make the six of you happy; and I don't appear to .have succeeded in any 'way.' ?-.'?? Singleton looked surprised. 'I didn't even Know that you had1- been trying.' Then he suddenly clasped her in his armB, kissed her again and again, and went away ?to the Cape, 'with the Christmas bells ring ing in. his ears, aad leaving Mi6s Tuttle badhed in blushes. Presently the blushes gave way to smiles. 'I had no idea that waxed moustaches were so tickly/' she murmured to the row ..of neglected mince pies. 'I do-Tiope that horrid old Kruger won't hurt him.' Then, she' fell into a reverie, and the chiming of the bells Eeerii to change to a wedding mardh. . OHA'PTEE II, Although Singleton went away, Miss Tuttle, as the nionths roiled --n, found thai five of iier adnurers'etill. remained 'in Eng land. . She could not account for it until, meeting one of.jthem -two months !-efore Christmas, she asked him why he hod not gone to 'The Front.' The youth in question, one Harvey. Slril linRford, looked' exceedingly . shamefaced, although previously to his' meeting MiBg TuttleTie had seemed radiantly happy. He cast his ej-es on. the ground and shuffled his feet in ant uneasy T^ay. . V '?* | :'I am afraid,', he said, 'that tc bWg; . you an apology for having deceived ? ypii. We all thought rthat you didn't care a tSft ton for any of us and ob agreed to enlist. Then five of us badced out at the last moment, after taking your advice about-. jtfoe other girls, you-.know, and Singleton -was the only one who really went to the -Cape. He said we had' treated you shamefully and were a set. of. .miserable sneaks, .but that you were the. onlv girl in the world for him, and if {he couldn't win you he'd gladly dae on the— on the battlefield. He's been badly wounded, I hear.' 'You are a parcel of cowards!' eaid Miss Tuttle bitterly. 'He is the only gentle man of the six, and I sent 'him to nis death. Ixronder you didn't go ? out to look-after him, instead of neglecting your duty to your country and stopping . at home just to amuse yourselves wittti a parcel of foolish girls. I can never be sufficiently thankful that I would have nothing to do with any of you,', and she. swept away in a whirl wind of indignation. ' During the course of the next week her five admirers were married, and Miss Tuttle sent them wedding presents, but did not call on their wives. When she saw. one of them in the-,distance. she turned aside, thinking of Harry Singleton, and how well he had behaved, for he had written to her father -to say that his. grounded arm was well and that, although he had not yet won the Victoria Qros9,-he had gained a coitf mission in Brabant's Horse, which was ^he' next best thing -ix- it. - 1 i , -??' When she remembered! the moustache in cident (indeed, -she seldom forgot it),' Miss Tu'UtJe was far *ooproiidito writ* ito'.hsm''in reply; . but although she Irad ?? ' read of heroines in fiction doing the same thing, she carefully .--studied -.the lists- of- the wounded, and breathed a' little prayer of ?thankfulness -every time. she did nofcfind his name. ?' Atilaet, however, she did find it.. This time, bis wound was serious, for he was what is technically known as. a lunger,' i.e., the had?.' received a..:. bullet through his lungs, -and nothing but the most careful nursing could gave him. ? ? - When Miss Tuttle ..realised this 'she wept bitter teairs, and/ regretted thai.fihe had npt been brought iin. as a- professional nurse. All she., could no was to stop at home and weep when she thought of : her own folly, an-r»how_Singleton had thrown away his life because iie- thought she did not care for him: ? ; ' . As she sat by. the firteion Christmas Eve she could not help eomeVhat- bitterly con trasting her4ast; 'year'fe- experiences 'With those of the pifebent moment. Then, she had six-admirere; now s the probability' was that she was' without even one; and, 'look- ing into her -own 'sad he'4'rt. as the Christ mas bells began to ring'atttside, Mies Tuttle decided that she did ^lidt want another lover. Single/ton's niinly faith arid 81*0 plioity had won? her affection for ever , arid ever. . '- . :; -r ? '' - ?'?' '? ':', -'; Tlie same ?thoughts seemed to liaVs oc curred to Sirs. Tyrttle, atfshe bustled:in*and out arranging Ifdlly ahdJmisbletoe',-arid g'fe uera'ily trjangfoPimpart-a .festive aepect-.tb the evening. At last fehe cariie sbfdy into the room witai ^it *plate' 'of - inince pies a^fl put tihem on the table, wj't'h a' 'sideloiJR glance at Miss Tattle, vfhdse'eyes filled jiyitHi tears, ^although* 'she 'pretended ? riot 'M%it notice. ' -:- ? -- a'^'-''-^ '??- - ? ' -;^.f' Mrs. Tuttle loTdkVd stfrten^iat 'wiertfutllj^Ut her pale-cheeked daugfitery ilies^Tu^W was prettier thrin ever with that r'efineiribnt of prettiness iwKim''.'Borro\V al6ne cangiy«i§ 'It does seeW,''feaid Mts. Tuttle-, 'Wittf'a' mournful atteiniStf at ? iSieeffulness, :,-'as''3f :i3rings riiight'be'Tvd'rsie.^nd Ihen afijaln pikf might riot. Laet-y'ear we were all so riiefiry ;and cheerful1,- alUbbugh^'tSiose young njen '? did 'not eat thdi^'mine^^nes; novv:,vfive of thein 'have hbriies!of tWitb'wn and euv'xUiri t theii1 'digestions 'vrothouts bur help.' :??'?'? - Miss Tuttle ftun'ff hW,T arme; about'; heir 'mcvlSier'B. necfc aiid-'beMla to cryv . Jlrs. : Tut'tle^TTOose eternness'was . all on wie'- (Sur face, patted iier, jzentl^, oiaJKhfe back^aiid comforted her.^i T'TheBl' *rHete! ^erei , Dpri't take oti. ^l 1'm^re, rt's'lall^r j^ '?!'jua£ i'mjfu^.it'i ,^11. for the '' w&f;^il said Mjes Tuttli^ ^fliieW'w-as.brily $& aSfl out b£.;the sjxj-^bo jftfe, wprth .Sriyi^iJME, and npTv he's pfop^Wi',*^1— d-r-dtatE1' , Mrs.';Tutjtle^,a^fc^pJ».at:cbris'pl-ttiSn |fe- int tihus Tepulsed, sWfoasti.ly twrit oulflcS, wiping her eyes with_tne ' corner of fier apron. -«*i,i .iwlr ?.-.???- ,Lef t. to her-Q^ sa^d. piUBings; 'Miss Tuttle OuteidjtL;i/he in\ia^,.of. tliiii^lB) mbpruf^iuy twd sicsT ot 't^pe' fljuotasce Twie .viad iftft'n'ft -\xi trifling witih me fedings of the one; true hearted lover Tviho had gone to tlhe wars for her sake and for that of ''his country,- while the other five had stopped ' at home *in ignoble peace. Misa Tuttle could not help wiping away a 'tear^ as -She gazed, into the fire. When a cinder fell out in the form of a coffin she felt convinced.^ more than ever that she would never;be 5iappy again. ?The falling snow gliriimered greyly against the windows as if it were vainly beating for an entrance into the. warm room. Mies Tuttle got up in order to; draw the curtain. Then it seemed to her as if she were going toward a world of ghosts. She hastily resumed her seat, her head resting upon her pretty hands, as her thoughts went back to the five young men who were nust like ly having all sorts of pleasant meetings on this particular evening. ,iShe could hear in imagination all the nice things Lho.se girls would say of .'her. -Perhaps, now that the other girls were married,: they would pity, her loneliness. She could also hear her father's jovial. voice in the hall as he pu; up branches of holly and mistletoe, aiid scratched his fingers with the prickly leaves. Even that did not disturb his good temper, for he made jokes to her mother about when they had stood under the mistletoo thirty'years ago. As- the. bells rang s;id ly outside, it see:ned to Miss Tuttle that she had for ever missed t'he chance \ of mingling in similar santirnental sc^r.03, and, taking up the poker *he gave -a ferocious lunge at a smouldering lump'-of coal. Wiben tho coal beg&n; 'to, burn Miss Tuttle dropped t'be poker .with a clatter and again returned to. her dreary musings. Sud denly that creepy-crawly , feeling of which sfhe./had so uiudn dread began gradually to spread down her spine. ? She turned to wards the door with e 'half-stifled shriek, as if.-afraid of aomet'hing. . What . was that coming''' noiselessly' through the door towards her? A grey, palpable, shapeless form svn'ieh, as it drew nearer, gradually assumed the'semblancfe of a human being. Then Miss Tuttle, knew that lightly spoken' words had borne fruit and that, this was.' her lover's-ghost.-. . ..'';' ' A-t first, while the fear lasted, it seemed to CMSS3 Tuttle as if her iieart would etand still. Then, as ehe ' recognised Harrj Sitigjeton's :pale face, and' Jiis large, ? re proaehful eyes. sparkling with an unearthly light, a. novel sensation itook , possession of her-., All her fear fled. . She ycAS.no longer alone in the world. ? After -.abandon- ing: aU hope of seeing her lover 'again, it v/as a solemn comfort to meet him even as a ghost. She fell on,, her knees iyith a little entreating cry, and. -stretched piit'her hands tow«4s.him,,as,tthe:gholr-regard;ed her yyhh a?d imploring, eyes. .?'?'.' 'So -yon have coriie back. at-laWt, Harry?' slie ^aid, with 'tears' in ier, .voice. ^'Iwas sitting here, feeling so lonely and; wretciied, thinking how I had wasted niny.' life. The bells outside seemed to mock me, and w'hie pei1 how wkked I had been to throw away your, true affection. Fpr the r.est of my life I ehall always be alori^.V But now flljat you have come to me, say one word, 'tell meiliat you forgive m^ aliiny foolish riiis take,1 and' that,; although you' may never appear to me' again, you -will pardon the hariri that I have done you. v 'Then ehe burst into =$pax6, and', h'er1' 'head' ? drodpe^i lowTfe'r arid lower1 until it almr&st; touched tu'e #io-tyfeet. ?'-1;'-'- 'l'-;Tj;;( ?*'-. !::- ?-. i^ . : ''jfiBl'riie' gJioiatnia&e;^'iip.'sigril'Vne raisetl i her hands ljnpioring^ ajod enjr*ated lt'ribt' jto'go-away: ,vlf,' she w9, 'your«pnly kneV Hbw'iniaidi Thave lbrig^di^tQ' sejeyou apiiri. 1 or hear from you,' yotfL'Wouia ' Aever 'hdv'e kept'silent feo long: ? I'fouhd out,' -when Jyto-n bissed' nie,' Haw-u, you'Hviefe the onlymaa I had' ever loved. ? Now/;IaThleft albne for the 'rest i of; my lifeVito't'think of alt 'I jost - : through. ? -my1' fbllyv ;-- 'Christmas ; makes me feel more bitterly what *I have thrown away; but you ''kftsw' it was not wickedness ori my partvjbrily tiiorigMless .'ness. ?.???'- I did. love you, Harry* w-ifch all'my heartyi^and I shall love your memory' for ever.' ??I--...:-* \- The phoat seemed 'surprised.;?. T4ieri, it ^fell-on its knees Reside Mipfe 'Tuttle and'put a -verjr:real'. atrfi:'Tound:lier ^'aist.r ''DpnJt you'Mow mej ideareBt:?' ='?'!' -^- . ??-'' jJAiss'Tuttlfe' gayev:.a wild1 -shriek cStad fainliea-: ' ''' ''- ' '.' ' ^''' -'''? ' ' Tr :':': ' Mr: and Mrs. Tuttle burst' into the rdoiri. 'How*did you get in-'hefife?'- asked Mr. Tuttle:: severely. ] ' 'T^hb^ht you' *ere ^iljvlastlime I^y?eV»-«dd:HAp 'yout, dttughter told TU«,4t wpuld bje^ jn6re bbnveniesh t if I caine '^rpUjba^io. ^e' ;^§§k instead 'of going, in, ^Ji't»e',7ront^?llejack dSc/i^^TOftip';orienj 'ajjd, *sb.fl' jton^Mra.'^ratfle lor iirafpuna^isid^r^irlli^'^oiie.*^ * Jfrs. Tuttle' rushed towards Harry Single ton and flung hei-arms found 'his neck. 'The'ntybu're not deatt, after: aU, my dear boy?'.. . . '. ?-. ~:-. '..??' ?Mis^' Tuttle looked up through her tears. 'I knew, at once when iiis moustache began to t-itickle, that it couldn't 'be . a ghosfc.^ She clutched .Harry by' the arm' again to make, sure that he really was^alive, arid he- kissed lier before 'her father -nd .mother in ?the niost unblushing maniier./; - ' 'Ypu're quite sure ydu'jre not dead?' eri quired Sir.' Tuttle, in an unbelieving tone of voice. ?' You're thin enough ' to be dead!' V , 'Of'cpurse, I'm not,' answered Harry. 'Can a dead man kiss people?' And he kissed' Mrs. Tuttle no less heartily than she had Ipssed him. Then, as Mr. Tuttle seemed still un' decided, Harry's eyes fell on the mince pies. 'Can a ghost eat mince pies?' he asked, in tone's of real feeling. The next moment there was one mince pie less in the world. - - ? . The disappearance of Hie mince pie con vinced even Miss Tuttle that Singleton was still alive. 'How did you manage to get here just in time for our Christmas din ner?' heasked. 'You might have let us know about it.' 'Well; you see,' said Harry, 'I decided to give you a little surprise,, and, as the last time I was here I did not feel particu larly welcome, I thought perhaps, if I came in quietly arid apologised to your daughter for all the rude things I had said to her, she inight forgive rne. It was my mistake altogether.' 'No,' said Miss Tuttle, with decision. 'The mistake was wholly mine, and if you will only' forgive me, Harry, I will never forget it as long as I liv/;.' The bells once more rarig_ out, but, oh, how differently. Their lriusic was charged with rhope aria joy and love. As. Harry took Miss Tuttle into his arms, the waifs joined in' with a merry chorus, whereupon Mr. Tuttle rushed 'into the garden to dis tribute the rest of -the mince pies and en treated every red-nosed wait to give it a name.' .Ihe red-nosed; ones 'gave it a name,' aiTd also, led by Mr. Tuttle, sup plied three cheer's for the future Mrs. Siifglejon.- ? . r ' 'Kb'w,' said Mr; Tuttle, coming back' out;ot breath with- his exertioris, let's sit down and have a mossel of something ? to eat. I don't know when I've looked for ward to Cliristmas eo much in all my life, do vtfii, inother?' ?' ?' ? ' 'Mother,' otherwise Mrs. Tuttle, stated in uhfeqjuivocal terms that this was the happiest day of her life, and the lovers were left' alone. -? -;?...;. 'It'Jwas all my fault,' Miss Tuttle in sistbd'i'^' ' ' ' ' 'I .'abn't think.it was any such thing,' said 'Singleton, 'considering the mean trick those*; fellows played on both of us.- You were'perfectly justified in not being able to' make up your mind with regard to such rubbish.' '? ''? 'Bift I forgot all Christmas tradition* and Chrisijnias influences,' said Miss Tuttle; with a sigli; 'and it seems to me that I ant singularly fortunate in -picking out the only man that was worth haying. Ev« after. you left, I kept on reading ttiose Chrytmas stories about ghosts, and thfe' riiore'I read the riiore frightened I .be-1 ? cam«. . . I. was really very, lonely last Christ' ^ia& '%[6uigh; J[ didn't like toTsay.sb; and w5ien?$roti siiid you wer6 going bff ix£ a b'ody,^t seemed to mp that Christmas wais n'i^vo^th lmng ihroiigh.' '.'. I 'JE-ct'b Wake another attempt thisjphrist. nwSjI'lEaid Singleton, .wnth much meaning. 'By, diie.way, I managed to. buy a diamond frbpi an old Kaffir, -which.! piink, wbul,d suit^rorir left.hand admirably;', a,ud, drawr ing* at handspme ring from his pocket, hej fi ttjsd It ,on to Mws Tutflf's ..pretty third iitt . 'ij'ut, supppae yop .had-been.kiljed,' said Miss' Tuttle, looking at his features ,wprn and pale with suffering. ? ^'- ??'.' -. ???' . .'''Chen. I shbuli have, hauntecl you,'' said Singleton, iviti 1 Qecision. ;;';v'I,to bound toisee ,jfou a«ain, «omeh0w«,; -No.wjfiX;H make {haste and get well, and.-weTlbe mar ried.'*if ; '?'-?- ;??.????? --!'??? -!---:''J v'Shen you think-I didn't make a mistake, after all.?:' ;- ?, : ??? - - - ? ' ?- 'I'm sure of it,' said Singleton, wiffi fervor. And the bells j broke in- with .an approving scboruB. -. ?-'.'? . .- ?;-*;? ?? ' 