"Stumps." "Slumps," as he was called in Dos- seriaud, was a favourite with ci'imiiials and— the police. He had a bright joke and a kindly word f oi- all alike ; no one had ever seen him cross, or known him do a mean thing. Ghildrexi hung' round him, listening to his yai-ns ; the lasses always stopped to banter with him ; while many a night i-oiind the doss-liouse fire lie was the life of the wretched-looking group, as ixx fluent, picturesque language lie told, ghost tales and fairy legends of his native County Clare, making the moiichers forget their hungei, their suf ferings, their despair ; and when lie had money he was royally generous— he treated everyone lie came across. " Bedad, that fact alone befhrays moi kingly lineage" (Mike was descended from an ancient Ii-isli sovereign), he once said to me, half-ruefully. " Shure, I'm never so happy -as whin dispinsing bounties." Indeed, I have known 15s. last him but two days, though he always slept in a doss-house, and the only solid food , that -passed his lips during that space was onions and tripe for supper, and a couple of carrots as a midday meal. " M- digestion, you see, is peculiar," lie confided on one occasion to a magis trate, after receiving a sentence of fourteen days ; " it seems to cotton to nothing but drink." v "Could you not take the pledge, axid would not some one help you to keep it ?" asked the functionary of justice, who, I am sure, in his 'heart, saxV the futility of these repeated, consignments to gaol. Mike ruffled his rough- red haiiS and a gleam of amusement darted inn his eyes. " May it plaise your ludship," lie said. " it's meself was a shining loight Sri the Salvation Army— fur— fur. two mouths, an' begorra ! in that toime if Oi did not merit -a silver medal fur . timper- ance." - ' " And where is the ' medal asked the magistrate. . . . .Again Mike's eyes twinkled and the corriens of 'his mouth worked. "An' you'll beliiive me, your wursiiip, whin Oi came out last toime, from the r'si- dence you wos so lrixid as to send me to fur moi health, I pawned it fur a dhrop of the cratur', an' begorra! if ,01 didn't foind the medal wasn't silver at all, but jist a common bit of tin Mike's real discomfiture was too much for.: those present, and tliey laughed as lie xneant them to laugix and nobody enjoyed his joke more than lie did hixuself. - But laughing at or with a culprit does not beln to mend his wavs. and Mike's case hud a sad . side to it.— From the " Quiver," for ApriJ. 