FICTION WHEN LIFE IS YOUNG. CHAPTER XVII.— The Voice or Jacoji. mere nau weo a case of attempted burglary with violence in an obscure street in Toxbury, and Douglas bad gone over to hunt up all the facts of the case. He wnn deter- mined, if possible, that, tbe Deeping Ob- server "should be behind no other naper in mo inincss and accoraoy of its details. In order Jo miss no important fact, he not only Interviewed the old man whose house had been entered, but also many of thepconlo who lived in the immediate vicinity. It TO! while liiteolng to the gossip of a fptmiloiu old women who 1 ivil directly opposite that he waa startled by tho sound of a familiar voice In an adjoining room. The door stood slightly ajar, so that the sound of the voico came ont quite distinctly into tho narrow passage. He almost dropped bis note-book, so great waa hi zurpriie, and the old woman talked on into unheeding ears. " I know that voice," he reflected. There cannot be two men in England with vocal orgarid of that quality."' A female voice followed on. low and entreating. " You must John. 1 really can- not endure it any longer, and you have promised me so often, and I nut getting sick with hope deferred," rtRn'l lui atllw ir.M.11 .1- _ . "v» cuiuu Lite renjy, " why can not yoa trust me ? Ill wore to do what yon.wilh I ahonld spoil everything. Do iwve patience n little while longer." "But I hale mystery,', was the riuick reply. Then the old woman, noticing that Doughs appeared to he listening, moved towards the duir nnd pulled it to with u shnrp snick. The notion seemed lo cicite the curiosity o( the man inside, for he came and opened tbe door wide and looked into tho paasngc, and m doing so encountered the steady gaze of Douglas. ' K For a moment he turned deathly pale, nnd was evidently too astonished to speak. Doug- las scrutinised his fnee carefully. It was the flwt time that he had been absolutely suro of Ills man. The voice he knew, and was never ,ke!y toforget it ; hut ho was never certain till now that ho had come face to f.ico with its The old woman broke tho siicnco by saying 1 ' Ttii.- gentleman is a reporter, an I'm givin; I itn a (nil account of tbe burglary." # " Indeed !" Tbe word was spoken almost in wh'-rcr, and the door was banged to, and bolted on the malde. "Who is that men?" Douglas questioned, with pretended carelessnrse. " ,cnan f mine," she answered rappishly. "B« with long?" " What's he to do with tho burglary ?" " Ob, nothing. I was a little curious, that's ail. Fancied I had met him before, but must have been mistaken, I suppose." " Oh, I don't know. Go's commercial, an' is always n-knookin' about." " What's bis name?" " Hunter. John Hnnter. Travels for Martin nnd Stott of Munchcstcr." " Oh, indeed. Is it his wife he's talking to in tho next room?" " Why, in course. Who else would he talk to?" "Well, it might be his mother or his sister. Been married long?" " Man alive, how should I know ? I thought you wanted to know 'bout the burglary." " So I do ; but I think you have told mo all you know about it." " Well, 1 b'iceve I have. So I'll say good afternoon," and the old woman bowcd'Doug- lis into tho street. Ten minutes later lie saw tbe owner of tho voico emerge from the house mullled to tho eyes. Douglas smiled cynically, nnd followed him. Up 01)0 street uud down auother, through narrow courts and passages, till in the crowd oi hxuhange hlreet he lost sight of him. " Well, I don't know that it matters," he reflected. "It is tho woman I must get an audience with, if possible. If that fails, I must put others on the track. There's plenty of time between now and Thursday morning to spike his guns nnd declare tho wedding off. Thank Heaven, I shall save Floss yet." Ho turned back again to l'inder Street and knocked at the door of No. 11. " I want to seo Mrs Hunter," he said to tho old woman who opened tho door. " You do? And for what, pray ?" " Well, that is my business. Hero is my card, which you will oblige mo by taking to her." ' Excuse me, arc you a friend of tbo lady's?" " Her friend ? Yes, I am her friend." " Since when ?" 41 Don't ask impertinent questions." Tho old woman laughed. 41 Why did you not ask to sco her when her husband was hero ?" " Because I prefer to sec her alone." " Oh, well, you nro a good one to talk about impertinence," tbo old womau said, with a tosa of her head. 44 A very good one. Let mo tell you. young man, if von don't dear off » nt onecyou will wish you hud." 44 But do you know that tbo roan's name is not Boater?" he goeitloned. "Atrt it be has married tho lady under that namo, ho has deceived her." - 4 44 There, I knew you meant mischief from the firs;. I could sco it in your eyes tbo moment voti mine back." 41 I'm tcliing you the simplo truth," ho answered. 44 And what is moro, that man intends marrying another lady ou Thursday morning at eleven o'clock in St. Mary's Church, Deeping." The old woman laughed loud nnd mock ingly. 44 Get awivy home about thy business," she said : 44 thou art in moro tit to bo a re porter than to bo Trimo Minister. Thou hnst mistaken thy ninti altogether." "I'm not mistaken," ho said, passionately. "Then- is no other man in England who has a voico like that." 44 It's timo thy friends took then io a lunatic asylum," she answered sneeringly. 44 I've known John Hunter from his birth. Why, he's my own nevvy." "Your own nephew?" ho questioned in amazement. 44 Of courso he is. It's ow'd Sntoliffe's son who's to be married on Thursday. If my nevvy had only hoaf his brass, ho wouldn't live in a little shop like this." Douglas dropped bis head and staggered to the door in a state of utter confusiou. Then he turned suddenly round and faced her again. 44 Woman, you are lying," he said fiercely. 44 There's no need lor anyone to lie when tbou'rt about," she said bantcringly. 14 But I'll forgive thee. Thou hast evidently a slate off." And she pushed him on to the door step nnd slammed the door in his face. Douglas walked 'away towmxis the station like a man in a dream. Had he been fooling himself over a mnro's nest all this while? The hoi blood rushed to his faco as ho ro- fleeted that ho had trusted entirely to tho evidence of his ears. He had never aeon David Sutcliffo nt Newlnnds ; he had only heard of him. Nor had he seen tho man who visited the money-lender. Such evidence was but presumption at tho best. Oursenscs constantly deceived us. Moreover, it was said that every man had his double. And it was quite within tho rango of possibility that there might be two men ; ono living nt Tux- bury, and tho other nt Deeping, whoso voices were so much alike thnt tho ear could not distinguish one from tbe other. The more he thought of tho matter, tho moro uncomfortable he felt. He began to of a resectable manufacturer could turn out such a scoundrel without people knowing; nnd if it wero not more likely that he should be deceived than that David Sutoliffo should succeed in deceiving so many others? By the time he reached Deeping ho was firmly convinced thnt for the last two moDths he had been making an nss of himself. He went straight to tho office, and wrote up his article on tho Tuxbury burglary, then turned his face towards his lodgings, tired and hungry and disnppointod. ITe felt thankful now that he hud said nothing to nnyono about David Sutcliffo except to old Dr Upton und Floss. Ho did not wondor now that thoy had thought so ill of him. Nothing was moro contemptlblo than to slander an innocent man, He felt as though he would never be abio to look into their faces again. Ho was not merely chag rined, he was aslmmcd and humiliated. Now that his thoughts had .been turned into this groove, all the evidenco seemed to point in tho same direction. Tbo natural kindliness- of his disposition hurried him along in the same path. He wanted to make amends for the wrong he had committed, and if be could not do' so in acts bo would in thoughts. He was in this mood when a knock came to tbe door, accompanied by tbe noise of a letter falling into tbo letter-box. 44 Tho postman is late to night," be said to himself, A minute or two later bis landlady brought biiu in a letter. 44 It was not tho post, nfter alt," ho 6aid, noticing that there was no stamp on tbo en velope. He did not open It until bis land lady had gone. It wns a curious epistle, ad dressed from 109, Halifax Street, and signed William Smith. So far, everything appeared to be honest and abovo board. Thocontents, however, were decidedly puzzling, not to say suspicious. Ho read it slowly nnd carefully from tbo first word to tho last, then began again to read it through n second time. It was ns follows : — " Dear sir,- -You are exposed to grnvc peril, and as n friend wish 'to warn you. It was only by accident that I discovered that a plot has been hatched nguin6t you. It -is to be carried into effect some time to-morrow. By what means I do not know. The plotters meet to night in Digglc's old mill, Church bottom, nt a quarter to eleven stiarp, to make final arrangements. I intcudcd being nt the old mill myself to-night before thoy im ived so that I might overhear tbelr little game. Un fortunately i find that will be impossible. I very much regret that I cannot givo you do- tails, and that I am prevented to-night from overbearing them. But, anyhow, you had bettor keep a sharp look-out to morrow. Don't go outside the town if you can avoid it. Please keep my name dark, nnd bcliova ma. yours very truly,— William Smith." Douglas looked up at tho littio clock on the mantelpiece. It wns now on tho point of ten. What should he do? The letter appeared to bo genuine onough. Its tone was absolutely friendly and solicitous. Namo and date and place were all given. It hnd nothing of the appearance of n hoax, though it was quite pos sible the writer might be labouring under a delusiun He was half disposed to probo tho matter to tho bottom and sec If there wns any thing in it. Ho knew Diggle's olcl mill well. It was in u narrow secluded dell, quito away from tho town. Tho modern requirements of manufacture had quite outstripped it, nnd it had been left to full slovly into decay. It was just the kind of rendezvous that plotters would favour. m But why should they plot against him ? Were David Sutcliffcimd John Hunter, after all, one and tbe snmo person, and was tho ob ject to silence him lest ho should prevent the wedding? The clock hud just done striking ten. "I have plenty of time to get to tho bottom of their littio game," ho raid to himself. "I think, also, I know how io look nfter myself. ByJovo! if this is another of David Sut- cliffe's tricks IM1 be even with him yet." And he went out into the hall, put on his hat nnd overcoat, and stole quietly out of the house. The night was dark and cold. Half the homes of tho working. classess were already in darkness. Those who begin work at six o'clock in tho morning cannot ufford to stay up late at night. Douglas hurried along at itf o>»ujiiiy (muu, iui i iv tiuu no nine io spare. In twenty minutes tho town was behind him ; then he turned to the left and struck uuioss the fields. The wind in the open wns keen and strung, but ho did not mind. His nerves weto tingling with excitement. " I'll sco this through nnd bo safe in bed before midnght." he said to himself. But ho was not long in discovering that he had reckoned without bis host. CHATTER XVIII.— Tbappep. When Douglas got within sight of tho mill ho struck n light and looked nt his watch. It wanted nearly a quarter of an hour to tho time vet. 44 So much the bettor," ho reflected . 1 6hall be ublo to find a dark corner where I shall be unobserved." The wind was soughing dole fully in tho bare trees, but with this exception everything wns still ns death. Nearly a mile awnv tho lights of Deeping wero twinkling brightly, but hero in the shadow of the hills and trees tho night was oppressively dark. The old miil stood out against its sombre background like' somo toothless monster. How bad its glory departed. Ouch it »hook to the thunder of its ma chinery and crhowl to the sound of hundreds of human voices ; now it stood silent and for- soken, the habitation of bats and owls, bauuted, peibapp, by tbe ghost of bygone ( generations. Tho rond that led to it was overgrown with grass and weeds, so that his footsteps nwoko no echo. The big door that opeuud into what was tho engine house stood wide open. ITe mounted tho slops cautiously. The plotters would enter through this door. For a moment or two ho stood on tbo threshold and peered into tho darkness. It wns not nn in viting plnco. It smelt heavy, as though tho dust and oobwebs of years lay over every thing. Ho took one step forward into tho old on- gine room, then paused again. "Perhaps I had better remain outsido until I see whoro they bestow themselves," bo reflected ; nnd ho turned ns though to retrace his steps. But us quiok ns a flash and as silent ns death three men closed round him, bound him, gagged him, nnd dropped him down tho trap-door of.a cellar, and let the door drop above him, before bo know wltat had hap pened. lie wns stunned And bruised by tho fall, for tho floor was a dozen feet below tbo trap door, It took him several mioutos to colteot his scattered wit9 and release his bands; then he struggled to bis feet and groped round in the darkness. Then ho bothougbt bim that ho bad a box of matches in his pocket, and bo at once struck a iigbt, nnd as ho did eo he uttered a groan. On every sido bo was shut la by solid walls of masonry, while above him was ait arched roof of brick. Ono square opening in the centre was covered by a trap door. Tnero lay his onlv way of escape, ana that was six feet above bis head. His match quickly burnt itself out, and ho struck another nnd another, nnd by the feoblo light they gave ho oxamiocd ns carefully as he could, tno walls of bis duugeon. But the search gavo him no hope or encouragement. Tho walls wero ns solid and ns firmly set as walls could bo. There was not even a faulty brick or stone ns far as ho could sco. Ho went on striking matches until half his storo was spent, then he throw himself down in a corner with his back ngatust tho wall and tried to think. What a simpleton ho hod been. Of a dozen things ho bad eleotcd to do tho stupidest. Ho almost deaorved hia fata for hie moro than idiotic simplicity. Had his common sense entirely forsaken him ? Hnd his recent ex periences addled his brain ? It really seemed bo, for now, when he came to think over the events of tho dav he could scarce!? conceive of a moro stupid course of conduct than bo pursued. "It is provorblnlly easy to be wise After tbo event, nnd Douglns saw, or fancied ho Baw, a dozen things whioh ho ought to have seen before. He did not attempt to get upon his foot ngain. Ho propped himself as comfortably Id tho corner ns lie could nnd shut his eyes. " I had better reserve my strength till tho morning," ho rcfleotcd. 41 If there nro any chinks in tho walls or proof, tho daylight will find them out, and there must be openings somewhere, for tho air scorns quite puro. No, 1 will not despair yet; wlthpnticnco and do- termination a good deal may be accom plished." It proved to be painful work, bowover, wait ing for tbo daylight. Morevor, as the hours woro away ho got numbed with the cold. His prison was drv enough, but in all probability never a ray of sunshine bud pierced it slnco ft wns built, nnd the cold nt length seemed to striko Into his very marrow. He was not long in discovering a reason for tho trick that had been played upon him. He hnd been right in hiB first surmise. It waa David Sutoliffo he had overheard in tho money-lender's office, and it was David ho bad heard and seen at Tuxbury. David, tbo virtuous and respectable, who was to many sweet and guileless Floss Greshom on Thurs day morning. Well, at any rate. David had been too cun ning for him. He had been quick, too, In framing and earning out bis plans. Tho way was clear for him now. Ho would bo Able to marry Floss without fear that nnyono would step in at the last moment with an objection. 44 Ob, what nn idiot I hAve been I" Douglas groaned, clenchiog his hands tightly togcihor. "I might have known that be would act promptly and desperately. But 1 believed that old woman, fool that I was, and so got completely off my guard. How the virtuous David will chuckle at my simpUolty, how calmly und scronoly ho will sleep to-night, while I, poor simpleton that I am, gnaw my nails off in this dark nnd dismal bole." After a while ho tried to banish tbeso pain ful thoughts from his mind, and made a do spernte effort to court sleep, but the more bo tried tho moro sleep would not come. Tho awful stillness of the placo oppressed him. The intense darkness seemed like a weight unon his eyelids. Tho uncertainty of his fate kept his brain pretcrnamrally active. The thought of Floss going calmly and cheer fully to her doom maddened bim almost bo- yond endurance. 44 1 shall bo kept hero till after Thursday— a dead certainty," ho Baid to himself. Per haps if ho gets tho wedding safo over he will make nrrangemonts to rolcnso me Anil, crnnd TInn.vr>ns. whnt n aimnlnton t eVinll look ! and who will believe mo when I tell my story ?..... I eiinll never be ablo to hold up my bond in Deeping again." So with rcilcotions suoh as theso tho long night woro slowly and painfully away. To wards morning, though tbe cold was just ab great— or even, greater— tho silence seemed less oppressive. Now nnd then there seemed a faint pulsing in tho air, a low, faraway sound that was nnt a moan, but might be the echo of a moan, which, by-nnd-bye, grow into a definite sound— a low boom, like the beat ing of the surf on tho shore. For a long time he 6at listening and won dering. Tiicn he realised that tho March winds hnd got up during the niRht and wero raving down tho valley, and shrieking through tho ruins of the old mill. But the sound brought no comfort with it. No storm could lift the roof of his dungeoo or batter down its walls. By and-byc, in looking up, he saw a palo streak of light through a crevico In the trap door. Ho sprang to his feet in a moment. Tho day was breaking at last. But tho light never grow very strong. At best it only made tho darkness visible. Yet it is wonderful how soon tho eyes will accustom thomselvcs to tho feeblest glimmer of light. Before tho morns ing was far advanced, ho was able to trace fairly distinctly the - general outllno of his prison. For tho best part of the day ho stood in tho centre of tho floor, looking up at tho trap- door so far above his reach. Tho nir was sweetest there, nnd tho darkness tho least douse. Ho watchod and listened hour after hour, and wondered if help would ever Never in his life before had ho felt so utterly helpless. Speech and action nliko wero of no value. Ho might beat himself to death against his dungeon walls, hut it would mako no impression. lie might shout till ho was exhausted, but there was none lo hoar. The old mill stood ulano nud forsaken, No ono passed that way oxcept by tho rarest chanco, aud the hope thnt nnyono would hear his voice even if ho cried was too remote to bo enter tained. Towards evening ho worked several hours with his pockctdinifo trying too loose a brick, no had nn idea that if ho could get one brick free, others might follow without much diffi culty, rod theso loose bricks ho might pile ono on top of tho other until, standing on thorn, he might roach tho trap- door. But after weaving his poekeLknifo almost lo the half, be gavo up tho attempt. Monover, he was 60 parched with thirst and so faint wit! hunger that the exertion became too great l< him. That night— spito of hunger ond thirst c cold— he slopt for several hours. Slept > drenmt of his homo nnd his mother ; drer too, of Floss Grcsbnm .and how ho wand Yfltb bu through tbad«4 wood in tb summor-time, and spoko of lovo nnd hnppl sess and Heaven. He was a little delirious when ho awoko in the morning, nnd talked to himself of things that hnd happened years before. As the day wore on iio grow worse. The agony of thirst becamo unbearable, and he shouted ond cried in his distress, nnd pleaded for someone tu corno and give bim drink. Had nnyono been passing tho old mill lie or she could scarcely havo failed to hear his cries, so sharp and piercing were thoy. But who wus likely to pass thnt way ? Alas ! It wns entirely off the beaten track. Bv Thursday he wns only semi-conscious. He had givoo over crying. Ho had lostcount of time, had lost almost all idea of where he and dry, his touguo was swollen and protruded from his mouth. His thick, heavy breath came and went in gasps. His hair was dis hevelled, his eyes bloodshot. It was well for him that bo bad got beyond to feel. And this was Floss Gteshnm's wedding day. While he sat glaring into the dnvkncBs and muttering incoherent words, in the streets of Dcoping women und givla, with n sprinkling of lads and young men, were hurrying away to St. Mary's Church to seo tho wedding. The report bud got about that it wne to bo tho prettiest wedding of the season. The decoration were to bo on a lavish scale, nud tho dresses of tho bride and bridesmaid ?ore to bo the sensation of the hour. Moreover, Floss Gresbntn was a great favorito in ull tho fashionable circles in Deeping, nnd also in ciroles thnt were not fashionable. Hence hor wedding ottraoted no ordinary amount of in- torost. By eleven o'clock St. Mary's Church was crowded to its utmost capacity ; and crowds who could not get inside waited in tbo church yard to sco tho bride arrlvo. David and his best man readied tho churoh early, and wero waiting with apparent un concern Floss's arrival. David's unconccr, however, was all on tho surfaco. Fortunately for his peace of mind, ho was not an imagi native man. Ho ncvor looked far afield. He felt, io a vaguo, undefined way, that sooner or later, there would bo what ho called 44 a' burst up." Ho sometimes droaded that suoh a catastrophe would come sooner than ho ex- Ecctcd. If hccould only gottho wedding over e would fcol comparatively safe— at any rate, for awhile. Tho proverbial slip 'twixt cup mm up was wnnt no ureaaeu roost, anil, where a moro imaginative man would have been in a tormont of npprohension, David was only unploasantly uncumfortabio. He bad carefully reckoned up and duly weighed all possible contingencies, and, ns far as ho could see, there wns no likelihood of anv slip. If he wns imaginative, lie was cunning. He bad left nothing to chanco or haphazard. As far as human foresight could go, he bad safeguarded himself against any possible mishap. It would bo something Beyond a miracle, ho concliidcd, if anything happened to prevent the marriage now. Nevertheless, he was oppressed by a certain uneasy feeling which ho could not quite understand. The face of Douglas Wyburn haunted him. He know that Douglas was a resourceful and a determined man, and such a man accomplished wondors sometimes. Could bo havo seen Douglas, however, at that momont, bo would not have alarmed himself at anything bo might do. A few minutes later all his misgivings vanished. Thcrowas a simultaneous move ment all over the church. The hum of whispered conversation suddenly ceased. All. eyes were turned in tho samo direction, and Floss, lovely ns tho dawn, walked firmly up tho aisle leaning upon her guardian's nrm. ' (to 1)E continued.) 