THE CLAM KOADS. To the Editor. Sir,— At the last meeting of tlie Fitzroy Divisional Board the matter of the road through KellyV paddock at Hani came 1111 for discussion. 1 do not agree with Jlr. Adams that this is a matter for the mem iiein fur the subdivision. I -«ntejiu it is the uminden duty of the whole ISoui.i In K-e tjult justice is done in every portion of the lVjjird s lenTtorv. I -!o ;i~k liie mcmljei-s to take my w-trd that JU. Smitl! misled then,. All I ask of iliem i, to come and see. .-iml llieu fuiiu their own opinion. A* tlus will lie a Ion;; loumey for some of the niembei-s. the place lieing 'ove-- thirty miles from Koekliamp- ? ton. I do not expect them to adlien- to the spirit of Mr. .Smith'* luil-your-own-billy elfvtioncering motion. I will cheerfully pay their «-i-pen*=e-. I can well imagine their disgust when they find tliai one mile length of the road whieh thev n^-onimend at the instance of Mr. Smilh and Mr. Creed as a substitute for the old one. which was suitable to evervbody; contains no less than six creeks, some of' which .lie fully 20 ft. deep. Kow, accordmg 4o Uie District Survej'oj-s estimate, to make this road fit for wheeJ traffic would cost no leas than JL2G0, not to speak of a bridge Across the main creek, which, according to tlie opinion oi sc\ oral experienced men. would cost alxut £700. Jlay 1 ar-k where «ill Xo. 1 -ubdivUiou find' all thi» money * I am e.\t!«ucly pleased at the Board's motion to ieuue-1 the Oistrirt Surveyor to put the road in Kelly's paddock in. the most puit a))K- place. 1 am quite satisfied that if tlie mmtcr is left in Mr. M'DwtnalTs hani* he will M-e justice done to all concerned- I may ray that I have every confidence in his capability and integrity. If it is left to Mr. M-Dowail'.s discretion I.ara certain thnt there is not the ghost of a possibility of the '~ rocky road to Dublin ' so dear to the hearts of Mr. ^mith and his friends being utilised. I am, &c.; A. M-CAMLEY. Fern Hill. FouUi Clam, 20tb September, 1900. 