A TOWN WITH A HISTORY WINDSOR (By G. C. J.— Continued) (Re-printed from the 'Sunday Times,' by special arrangement). St. Matthew's occupies the highest land in Windsor, and this continues along by the river to about the centre of the town, when : it falls, and thus makes things very awk ward in flood time, inasmuch as the waters of the river and creek meet and overflow the lower part of the town. The high Land from St. Matthew's parsonage along fche river bank is called ' The Terrace,' which, though close to the river, is the safest place to be when a high flood is imminent. From the Terrace a splendid view is obtained of the high lands, the other terrace on the mountain side of the river, the Kurrajong Hills, and the Blue Mountains beyond. It is a glorious sight, especially when the tall maize is coming into cob. Here resides Windsor's most trustworthy recorder of events, the Hon. W. Walker, M.L.G., who has been a valued contributor to metropoli tan newspapers for pretty well fifty years. From the Terrace the land elopes back from the river towards South Creek r, thus the town is between two fires, or, xather, rushing waters, rising again at the north end, towards Thompson -square. A famous old house is that known as York Lodge, the residence in former years of Major Brabyn, of the N.S.W. Corps, and for many years senior magistrate ^t Wind sor. There are some funny yarns extani about Major Brabyn's judgments — but they will .; keep. York Lodge is a quaintly construct ed old place, nearly opposite the R.C. Cemetery, and one passes it on the left in ;.; walking from the Railway Station to the -business part of the town. It; is in fairly good condition, and is let in two tene ments. Windsor's lion — and to many its glory — is its Benevolent Asylum, attached to which is a general hospital. ? It is a fine old build ing, having massive walls of brick, a slated roof with projecting eavea, and being sur rounded by well-kept grounds, has a cool, comfortable appearance. Ifc is kept in ex cellent order by its managers, the committee of the Hawkesbury Benevolent Society, which is composed of the leading men in the district. ' Besides St. Matthew's Church of Eng land, the other places of worship in Wind ^ sor are the Roman Catholic Church (also St. Matthew's ; why, it is difficult to say, unless it be that the saint of that name was originally a collector of customs, revenue or something), Presbyterian Church, Wes leyan, and Congregational. Neither of r::.! these are very old, the Wesleyan dating ?i- , from the conflagration of 1874, and the \--Congregational is of even more recent date. -Che School of Arts has been referred to. '-! It is a disgrace to the town, and a continual source of annoyance and worry to a number of zealous, well-intentioned men, who undertake, without pay or profit, to keep it \- open for the benefit of others, but who are ;. abused like pickpockets for not doing im possibilities. It is an unsuitable structure. Periodical attempU are made to do some thing to the old concern, but somehow ^failure marks every venture. The town of Windsor lies between the 'Hawkesbury and South Creek, the latter ?being deep enough to carry any boat afloat * on the river, while the former could be \- made navigable up to the bridge by the v ' ? ? *? expenditure of a few thousand pounds which, however, no Minister seems disposed to give. Some £5000 was granted for this purpose some years ago, but when enquiry was made by a curious townsman as to when it would be used, if; was discovered that the money had been expended cm a useless survey of the river miles away from the seat of trouble. Still, there' is the creek, and as it can be availed of by the expenditure of a few hundred pounds, the residents of the town are to blame in not using it. The creek enters the river about three-quarters of a mile below the town, but its course from the Fitzroy Bridge (in the town) is something over two miles. Yet the distance from the Fitzroy bridge to the Windsor bridge (recently made higher), in a straight line, is only a few hundred yards. It is surprising how Httle disposed people are to help themselves. Windsor loses every year, owing to the produce lower down the river being taken to Sydney by sea, which would not occur if the waterway was clear up to the bridge. One of the rnosfc noteworthy structures in Windsor is Mr. TebbuM's Observatory on the ' Peniosula,' a large area of land so called by being almost surrounded' by river and creek. Part of it is wifchin the borough, and residential, the other part being laid out in farms and gardens of surprising rich ness. Mr. Tebbutfc is the principal owner, ci/nrl nn f.ho '« TTnmp TTarm' is hnilt, hifl observatory, where he spends long hou* .?--, when other people' are abed, following the courses of planets, stars, and coin etc, and making those wonderfully accurate observa tions and calculations which have made his name famous 'outside his own country,' for, like many another good man, Mr. Tebbutt's work has been more accurate ly estimated, and his worth 'honestly recog nised, than it has in hia own country. Anyhow, a treat worth enjoying is a visit to the Windsor Astronomer's Observatory, which, by-the-bye, was designed by bim, and constructed mostly by his own hands. Windsor, too, has its ghost (it should have many, if old yarns be true ; but they are of a retiring disposition, and do net worry people), a real, bona- fide apparition,, and' it has been sworn to, and no doubt sworn at, by many persons who have walked the Windsor-road, between McGrath's Hill and Fitzroy Bridge, after or about mid night. The writer was once coming into Windsor from a dauce at McGrafch's Hill in company with two young ladies, when, ap proaching the old hut near the Fitzroy Bridge, one of them exclaimed : ' There's the ghost 1 ' I was then jouns; in the district, and naturally asked, ' What ghost ? ' It was explaii »ed to me that a ghost was supposed to wralk in that locality every night, and had been seen by hundreds of persons, some o: f whom declared the nightly visitant to be of the feminine gender, others that it was masc\ 'iline, while not a few in sisted that it waif a monstrosity— ' some thing between a c- xlf and a man.' At any rate, the ghost w e saw on this particular night was all calf, , and it is easy to believe that the calf ghoi *t ia the one generally seen. However, I never saw any other, and I have on many occasions walked the road at the hour whe a perturbed spirits are said to mysteriously g Ude about in localities where they were ' d\ '-ne to death.' Nob withstanding my see pfcicism, the South Creek ghost had man '»y champions who seriously believe that th e ghosfe of a woman does walk nightly be neath the willows growing alongside the ro. ad as one nears the bridge— the basis of thi, s apparition being the alleged murder of h. « wife by an old soldier, who at the time oi f *-he murder was an overseer of convicts. T. ae wife was mur dered, to be out of the way of a paramour, whom he feared, and then bnned by the roadside, near his residence, which has long since disappeared, and thi ' willows now mark the spot where the l voman's body was found. The whole story would be too long for this article, but may be told some other time. Ghosts in Windsor ! No wonder, when . we consider the huge consumption of liquor there has been in past years. It ia imma terial whether good rum or Cadell's treble X ; taken in any quantity, either is likely to conjure up spirits ' from the vasty deeps' of an unknown world. There has been a great controversy in the town as to the number of public houses in Windsor at one time. Some say there have been 42, others 40, others 38. Not much difference, any how, and though bufc few of these houses are now open, one cannot but notice the ' has beens' as one peregrinates the town, for they stick up at every corner as plain as if they were in full fig as licensed houses. And famous old houses they were, too, and the names of the licensees were also famous in a way, for they were great sports — horse- racers, pugilists, cock- fighters, rat-fighters, dog-fighters, pigeon-shooters, and what-not. Asked if there was much drinking in those days, an old identity evasively remarked : ' Well, the places were well conducted, and were closely looked after by the constables, who were more numerous than the pubs ; in fact, the soldiers and ticket-of-leave men hadn't the money to spend.' That may be, but there in that fine old pile of build ings — Cadell's Brewery (quite recently demolished) — was evidence to show that beer was made in large quantity, and ifc is only reasonable to suppose that it would not have been brewed had there been no sale for it. Id* its time the brewery must have been a busy place, judging by the size of ife and -the number of stalls in the long row of stables. It is Raid that Cadell's beer was very good tipple — so good that metropolitan brewers were reduced to trickery to stem the ton-en ts of the supply It was managed this way : A paid agent would invite a local man into a pub and ask for beer. When it was drawn he would taste it, make a wry face, and ask whose brew it was ? ' Cadell's,' would be the reply, upon which the fellow would put down his pot and lug hid companion out ' to get a drop of good beer somewhere else.' It seems the trick answered, for the local brewery had to ' shut down.' It may be only a yarn, but that is the way the writer heard it. There is no comparison between Windsor and Richmond as towns, for the latter is far and away the prettiest. It is a veritable gem of a town, but its surroundings are not worth looking at— a dreary common on one hand, and a wide sweep of by no means picturesque ' bottoms' on the other. Then it is two miles or more to the river, and the town is as flat as a pancake, whereas Windsor's irregularities have charm in them. Then all the historical interest at taches to Windsor, for ifc was the district headquarters of both the military and the civil officers of the Government. The Ridges, Coxes, Crosses, Primroses, Free mans, Fitzgeralds, Hales, Bakers, Dargins, M'Courts, Branckers, Scarvolls, M'Quades, Blanchards, Ascoughs, Coffeys, Crowleys, Howes, Kables, Delanders, Uptons, Hop kins, and Gospors, were all old names in Windsor, and many of them avo there to-day. The famous Police Magistrate, the late Samuel North, Esq., a retired military officer, was stationed in Windsor for many years, and when ho was removed— owing to some political wrangle — no other was appointed until Mr. Becke held the position. And, even in later years, the soldiers were a fixture in the town, and the gallant 80th (Staffordshire) under Colonel Baker, used to assist the fanners in getting in their crops. Political feeling in Windsor has always run high, and feuds between the Bowmans and Fitzgeralds were like unto those of the Montagues and Capulets. Most of our leading politicians of the past have been identified in some way with Windsor, which' was the chief polling place for the Cumber land boroughs, Cook and Northumberland, ' and subsequently the Hawkesbury and the Electorate of Windsor (which included Richmond). Thus the district has been represented by William Bowman, John Paton, James Martin, W. B. Dalley (who was the first member for Windsor Borough, W. Walker being the next), J. B. Darvall, W. R. Piddingfcon, J. A. Cunneen (who became Postmaster-General), A. Digh!:, Richard Driver, H. M'Quade, and A. Bowman, and since then Messrs Burdekin and Morgan. The Hawkesbury has had four Ministers to represent some portion of it — Piddington, Cunneen, Egan, and Driver — Egan and Cunneen being natives of . Windsor, and Driver (Dickey) member for Windsor borough. Windsor has been incorporated since 1871, the first' Councillors being Messrs Robert Dick (Mayor), J..M. M'Quade, W. I. Crew, W. Gosper, R. Ridge, John John ston, W. Beard, William Walker, and Thomas Primrose. The latter is still a member of the Council, and has sat continuously since 1871. Mr. Primrose is presumably a descendant of Lieutenant i Primrose, of the New South Wales Corps, and possibly a relative of Lord Rosebery. At any rate, when the Earl was on a visit to the district some years ago, the Windsor Primrose and the English (or is he Scotch?) Primrose were very chummy. The ancient town has everything in its favor physically, but somehow its progress is backward, notwithstanding the excel lence of its local newspaper, which is con sidered the best country newspaper in the colony. Like other places, Windsor has ] grown rusty, and an infusion of new blood ! and new ideas would act as a magician's wand. Ifc has often been suggested fchafc . another (57 nood, Backed up oy an extra ordinary tidal wave, would do heaps of good to Windsor. No doubt it would make some change, for a rise of another ten feet would have left no standing room, and WindaoE would have been non est. This is a cruel suggestion, but when it comes from the people themselves, who can dispute with, them, for surely they know what is good for them ? There i9 a good deal of prating about the 'good old days' amongst old identities ; but from all one hears of said 'good old days' — of the vice, brutality, and ; cruelty that were common amongst all sec tions of society, one may fervently pray : ' From a repetition of the military period, good Lord deliver us I' No doubt certain men made money easily — there were splendid opportunities for doing so ; but when we know how people lived, those ol the present generation may bless their stars that they were not born in the ' good ol( days,' when their grandmothers would, fo the sake of selling a few gallons of rum jump upon a table and dance a sort o ancient can can for the delectation of a gan of ticket-of-leave men, soldiers, and convk servants. That was one of the ways ( making money in the 'good old days, others not to be mentioned, though people's amusements are faithful indicate of ther morals. Enough, and I may si , with truth: 'Windsor, with all thy fau! (or, rather, the faults of man), I love th still,' and exclaim, with the aforess local poet : Farewell, ye grassy banks and fertile phins, Ye beauteous spots where dwell the rustic swaii Farewell, I go, though with reluctant mind ; For travel where I may, thy like I ne'er si \;-. find. I' (Concluded). I 