! Comic Cuttings' There are probably as {rood fish In tho sea as ever were. lied about - 'Your wife Is always so out-spoken.'! 'Yea, outspoken,' but never out-talked.' Morning wraps were the Invention ok the-mah -who waltea v3- hotel guests for the early train. ' You told me you and Harry loved at sight.'. Yes, bnt we quarrelled on acquaintance At a tewiirt meeting in Ireland It was recently voted, ' that all persons in the tow^- owning dogs shall be muzzled.' ' Does position affect sleep ?' asked a medical writer. -It does when the man holds the .position of night watchman. ' Do you know much about that horso you bought from the Deacon V' ' I know more about the Deacon than Z did.' Some one has written a poem on 'The Tongue of Liberty.' The tongue of liberty generally belongs to a married woman. 'You say that horse Isn't afraid of any thing. Can my wife drive him?' 'I don't know, sir. I have never seen your ?wife.' ' Visitor : ' But. this portrait of Mr. Bulger is a good deal more than life size.' Artist : ' I know it. That is the size he thinks he is.' ' Didn't I lend you £5 a month or so ago 'Yes, I believe you did. I'm ever so much obliged for your kindness. I .feel I cart never repay you.' Lady Friend (to young widow) : 'You're gardening, I see, Lucy.' Young Widcrw (with a weary smile) : ' Yes. I wish I could, so to say, -transplant my weeds !' Watts: 'There seems to be some truth in the saying that heaven helps those who help themselves.' Potts: ' Of course there is. They are the only kind worth helping.' First Heggar: 'Hello! Plckln' up anything on your rounds these days?' Second Beggar: 'Ain't nothin' doln' at all.- I had to draw five pounds out of tjhe bank to-day ter pull me t'rough.' Patient : ' That sign of yours Is not very encouraging.' Dentist : ' Why so ? I guarantee to extract teeth with out pain.' . Patient : ' Yes ; fbut I want the pain extracted. I'd rather keep the tooth.'' ' Whyfor eez it zat a woman's face eez used on zee silver dollar in zla oountry ?' Inquired a visiting foreigner. 'Be- cause,' growled the impecunious native, ' it is the idiom of our language that money talks.' . .'Aunt (to Tommy, who has been to the menagerie) : ' Well, Tommy, did you see tho ? tlgenJ?' Tommy (whimpering) : ' Yes, b^b-bu ? ?' Aunt : ' But what— what are you crying about ?' Tommy : ' They wouldn't let ine stroke his ears.' Miss Northslde -to her ibrother) : 'Do you know, Fred, that no fewer than four men want to marry me ?' Fred : 'All right, sis, may the best man win 1' Miss Northslde : ' You don't know much about such things. A bride does not marry the 'best' man.' ?Canrobert was inspecting the new gaiters worn by the light infantry. See ing cne that was badly fastened, he took the .wearer to task. 'Look here, I'll send you my nurse 'to button it on for you.' 'Quite unnecessary, General ; I see her every day.' And Canrobert burst out laughing. ' Mabel, why don't your mamma weal diamond earrings like my mamma's?' ' She left 'em home, and papa's hid 'em where the robbers can't get 'em.' 'Where has he hid 'em?' ' Why, 3 heard him tell mamma that he had put them up the spout, and he^guessed they would stay. there.' Winks: 'What mokes you look so glum?' Jinks: 'I have six daughters, i none of them married, or likely to be.' Winks: 'And you glum over it? You are the most ungrateful mortal that ever .breathed. I have six daughters, ail mar ried, all have children, and I've got to support the whole crowd.' A.: 'Did It ever recur to you what a charming conversationalist P ? ; Is ?' B.: 'Well, I don't know; not parti cularly. _ Why?' A.: 'Oh, he is, decidedly. He hasn't the ghost of a memory, you know, and you can tell your stories to him over and over again, and he enjoys them every time as much as at the first telling.' A youngster one day eluded punish ment by. creeping under a table, where his mother could not reach him. Short ly after, his father came In, and, when told ot the state of affairs, crawled on his hands and knees in search of his son and heir, when, to his astonishment, he was greeted with this inquiry:— 'Hullo, father! Is she aftor you. too?' rAn American gentleman was talking of a little game of poker, down In Texas 'somewhere, In which he had taken part. ' The man on my right,' he said, 'held four kings and an ace. The man on my left held four aces and a king.' ' And what did you hold ?' some ono asked. ' Well, I was acting coroner at the -time. I guess I held the Inquest.' 