vS'iJ-w- JlP-l-4a-ljlU^4-4-^4- + 6 X±Lei uHAIjyLU ? rj.TTAC«m ? . txnypiv (By Edward H. Hoopkr.) 'Yes, Oomto, we nave a ghost here, ot to speak more exactly, aa opparutioa. Years ago one oE my female ancestors V?hovwas not as ogreeab'e a- person as she Eiigbt hare been, murdered her' nephew 8&8--lieirt6!fb-ar 'titfef 'iri; brdtr to make Wfiy for another and favourite relation. She Dtabbed him in a room at the top of the tower, and, according to an arrange ment with the. .other. relative., lit a lan toin in the room and held it ap to the crisiow as a signal that tho deed was (2oae, and that he was to take certain flteps for h't safety. 'Something went wrongV; howevpr ; for B&o; wbb discovered by a friend of the caoidored man, and in order to save fothjily diBgraoej.7wa9i1r1pri80ned.for. life is' ths roo'^!#here' she bad committed tho fiaarder, Siaca thon wbenorcr the bead of the family or his heir is about to dio,=:a^iight3 :oppesra;;at' the f tflrrat winds?? mi ohinea pot on tho, lake in front. The 'lare* :fif ^rq&iB; eavr it bno'e for Boid he did) the night before poor Gerard died. We have examined tb? room, bat there ia absoldely nothing in ? it.' .. ?- ??-???? ' ? ?*-? ' A oarioua Btory, Monsieur (a Mar qoia.' K ? \; % - / - ? ? - ? ? ' Very oorions, Mongienr Arleton.' ^MpnBien^le'; Marqaia deBautepaille lot one long/Blender band fall over the arm of his obair, and brushed a; little bit; of cigarette ash off his coat with the Othar.v-^iom ,a, very faint elevation of bid ejebrbwfl' and 'a slightly dry tone in Ms Toioe, as he answered this common place remark, \ one -concluded that for' some reason or othor he conBidored it it impertinent1 of the speaker to make any remar^1 af-a1t. v It waS-the ouBtom of the Marquis to regard anyqodf not of his own rank as impertinent if he spbKe without being addressed, and the person called Arleton was a 'siere plobeian, t» speculator id- vineyard crops, the Marqdia believed, whose family bad been resi dents in the neighbour and humble fol lowers of the de Hautepaille family for eoveral geaerationa. The Marqais allowed a certain amount el freedom to this man, first beoause of She long family connection ; secondly beoanoethe man had a very pretty sister, fthom' Monsienr le Marqnis bad honoured wita his admiration. The relations be tueaa'lord and ' vassal had been' slightly Changed,' the Marquis believed, during. the last century or two, and wbafc was Once a right ,bad become & favour. There fore the Marquis was (whenever he chanced to recollect- the lapse of that eentarr or two) languidly polite to the brother Yo£ Mademoiselle Yvonne Arle ton. Monsiear Arleton said nothing, bat now and again the Marqnis might have observed in his tenant's eyes and mouth (if he had ever condesoondod to observe the eyes and month of a epeonlator in Vineyard crops, which, of coarse, he never did) a certain carious watchfulness which betokened that the admiration of Monsieur le Marquis for Mademoiselle Yvonne was a matter of interest to the Watcher, and farther a certain hardness and determination, whioh suggested that the young man might shortly find some thing to eay or do with regard to the Marquis's feeling end octionB, and even in opposition to them. Altogether, a wiser man than Monsiear le Marquis de Hautapailie would have treated his tenant With something else than languid polite aeafl ; with flattery, perhaps— or bribery «— or even with a little caution. The young man asked permission to call on 'Monsienr this eveniDg on a matter of business, and Monsieur lan guidly supposing that the business re ferred to the buying or selling of vine yard crops, graciously gave permission, and oven offered coffee to his gueBt. Som^details conneoted witb the failure ota large part of that year's vintage had indeed . been mentioned, and Monsieur languidly concluding that the business bod beea, settled, was inclined to feel some faint surprise that his viaitor did not go and leave him to play ecarte witb Monsieat le Comte de Realier ; who was indeed sitting in another chair himself self speoulatingas towhenthisyoungman might be likely to depart; Bnt the young man sat on, fingering a cigarette which had been presented to him with the coffee, adding a word or two to the conversation at intervals and showing no symptoms of an intention to depart ; so that the Marquis (whose Qtnouretta with Mademoiselle Yionne bad now reached a very advanced stage indeed), resigned himself to «n evening of conversation. The talk had drifted into the world of the supernatural ; and the Marqais, with an sir of gobd-natnred contempt bad told his family ghost story to tho Comte de Bealior. Once, again, to the very con siderable astonishment of tho Marquis, Monsienr Arleton had spoken without beinB,addre88ed. But then Yvonne was in a house scarcely a mile away, and tose two ' centuries had passed by. Tho Marquis contented himself witb an ele vation of his eyebrows and an inflection of dry surprise in his voice. Ihe Comte de Eealier got up from bis chair witb a stifled yawn, and wandered across the room to a window. ' What a charming night !' he said ; ' a most beautiful nighf, with the air as soft as summer !' bo continued, casting a raorosu glance at tho yoang visitor, as if hoping that the repeated words might inspire him with a desire to try tho merits of the night air. [To bo Continued.] 