The Lily of Mordaunt. By Mrs G. Sheldom1£jS3) &.ntaoress of “ The Masked Bridal, “ The Magic Cameo," &c.;) OH AFTER, XIX. •Tank collixs* story. Arloy awoke, woary and uurofreskcd, tno next morning. She had experienced a^senso of protection and safety wltde abiding benoath the same roof with ^rUi1^>1 evBU though she saw so little of lum; bat mow, alone in her new quarters, with no one to whom she oomld speak ono word, a looting of desolation, almost, of dospair, sottled oown upon tier. Jb’ngliUm dreams as sailed ner; sloop would no sooner weigh her eyelids down tiieu she would stare wildly up, trembling in overy limb, perspiration starting from every pore; and tins was ropoated again and ngiiin, until she was nearly exhausted wnen morning broke, blit very thnnk iul to bare her night ot horrors at an After eating her simplo breakfast, wineli she bad arranged to iiavo brought to her loom, she uressed herself with groat care tor her call upon the Eng nsii oousui. Sho chose a dress of rich black silk, i'?“"\vnrv elaborately made, and lifting her to perfection. Sho woro no collar, but fastened a mass of costly creamy lace about her throat with a single blazing diamond, and put mates to it in her small ears, Siio tied a dainty, be witching hat of black and white luce over her sole brown hair, and drawing on hor iong-wnsted pearl gloves, looked the elegant lady from the lop of her . protty hoad lo the tip of her little ] foot. Her trials, and sorrows, and home- , sickness had worn upon her somewhat, | so that sko bad lo6t something of her 1 former girlish roominess, and tnis, with tho pallor ougondored by her restless night, gave her an extremely delicate, penned, oven patrician look. She bad noticed it herself whdo fusioning the ties of her hat, and a faint smile curled her lips, as sho murmured: "If 1 am not Arlcy Wentworth, tho grandchild of tho renowned Hr. .McAl lister, 1 certainly have some evidences, of good blood about mo." Thero was not a particlo of vanity in this speech, however; there was only a feeling of content in the fact that no low-born person could possess certain characteristics which looked out at her from the glass. Tho mystery of her birth was over uppermost in her thoughts, and she never saw her reflection without asking, "Who was my father—who my mother? Ob! shall 1 ever know?” When she arrived at the residence of tho consul, she gave her card to an usher, and was shown into a reception room, whero she found several others, who, liko herself, wore seeking an in terview with lior majesty's representa tive. Alley sat down upon a vacant- chair to wait her turn, and then glanced about her to see if .she could iind an English face among hor visitors. No; they were all foreign—Herman, French, Hussion, and, for aught that she knew, lurk and Mohammedans, but not ono regular John Bull among them all did sho see. She heaved a sigh of regrot, and a feeling of lone liness began to steal over her again. Suddenly, however, every nerve in hor body tingled with a strange de light, for, diroctly behind her, she heard an unmistakable English voice say. in a loud, eager whisper: "John, Jolm! do yo remember the boautifui lady that was picked up at sqa, eighteen years ago. by the *-essel that brought us from Bombay?" A shock liko electricity shot through Arley at those words, and turning her hoad a trille, sho saw, seated in the shadow of a curtain a little hack of her, a burly, red-faced Englishman and, as sho supposed, his wife. But she pretended not to hear what lind boon said, while, in fact, sho was straining every nervo to catch wind should como noxt. “I’m not likoly to forget the leddv. mother, when 1 helped to haul her aboard, and thought sure sho were dead, when her putty white face dropped so heavy on my shoulder. But that were nothing to tho way sho cried and grieved for her baby, that she was nevor to seo again, when sho canto to, poor thing; and how Eho clung to her good man, moaning fit to break one's heart, and all ho could do was to hold her close and say never a -word, though liis own faco wore that white and hope less it kuocked mo all in a heap overy time I looked ut him. But wliat brought ’em to yer mind just now, old woman ?” “’Sh, John! not so loud, mail; but tho first clianco yo got, give a look at tho purty girl sitting right afore ye, and toll mo if sho isn’t tho very imago of tho leddy yo helped to haul aboard tho Black Swan on her homc’nrd voy ngo? I toll ye, man, sho has the very same pair of oyes and wavy brown hair, tho same pretty red lips and baby rlrley felt all tho strength suddeuly leave her, as if all power to move oven hand or foot had deserted her. She seemed like some frozen image planted there, without oither life or motion, though she was filled with a nervous, inwnrd trembling. Had she come all tho way to Spain— had it been needful for her to suffer all that she had suffered during the past year, to bo led hither in this strange way, and under such peculiar circumstances, in order to discover who she was, and to have the great enigma of hor life revealed to her? TVas the mystery about to bo solved ? Was she to learn through this rough, uncultivated couplo who her father and mother were? A conviotion of this result fastened itself upon her mind as'she listonod to their conversation. That referonco to the vessel from Bombay picking up some castaways at sea, the mention of ’ ] the fair young mother who, eighteen < years previous, had mourned for her j' little one, believing that sho had perished in tho cruel waters, and, more than all, the strong resemblanco which these people had traced in her face to the “beautiful leddy,” inspired her with a wild hope that- at Inst she was to obtain some clow to her parentage. She longed to turn her face toward tho man behind her, and beg him to answer his wife's question quickly; sho longed to tell them that she hnd been a castaway at son, nnd was a poor, nameless waif whom nobody claimed; but she dreaded to inter rupt tho conversation, at least until she had learned something more, lest they should take offence because she Lad. listenod nnd refused to tell her anything. Calling a little harmless strategy io her aid, she allowed her perfumed liandkeroliief to slip, apparently un seen, to the floor, hoping that ono of tho couplo would notice it and return it to her. An opening door just at that mo • • ment caused a draught of _ air, and wafted the dainty little affair of lace and lawn directly to the feet of the burly “John.” He stooped and seized it with eager, though awkward dexterity, much grati fied with this opportunity to satisfy the curiosity which his wife’s remarks had excited. He reaohed out his great, coarse hand/and touched Arley on the shoul dei^ trnfcH as he would have touched isomo frail, beauliful flower, and, grow ing very red iu tho face at bis own ■ boldness, said, blunderingly : .“Madam—miss—you—you’vo lost yer ’kerchief.” Arlcy turned now with her sweetest “Thank jou,” she said, simply, but heartily, as she took it from ius clumsy fingers, whilo at tbo samo time she be stowed a quick, but comprehensive glanoo upon the woman at his side. Sho saw an honest, good-natured looking couplo, stout and rosy, but rough, as to extorior, as a couplo of porcupines- whilo they in turn stared at hor with all their might, regardless of all rules of politeness, if indeed, they had been instructed in the sim plest forms of etiquette. Four eager eves earnestly sennued that- fair, beautiful face for the space of a minute, ami then Arley slowly resumed hor former position, and waited as patiently as sho could for what would follow. Tbo man heaved a deep, long-drawn sigh and sank into his seat, an expres sion of wonder and bewilderment on his face. "I toll you what, old woman,” he whispered, in a voice that- was not al together steady, “if I were in the habit of seoin’ or believin’ in ghosts. I sh’d say one had ’pcared to me to-day, sure —they are as like as two peas.” “You’re right, John,” responded his spouse, in a tono of conviction. Arley could not endure the suspense another moment, and sho moved her chair so as to face the couple again. "I beg your pardon,” she said, politely, but looking very white; “I could not help hearing what you both havo said. Will you please toll me the name of the lady of whom you wero speaking, and whom you say 1 so closely resemble "Laud alive, John! it’s her very voice, too, or my ears decoivo me,” exclaimed tbo woman, in a startled tone, to hor husband, and regarding Arley more curiously than before. Tbo young girl began to tremble visibly, and it was only by a strong effort that sho kept lier teeth from chattering audibly—was she about to learn the truth at last? "1 am so glad,” she said, after a moment, and to give them an op]Kir tunity to recover somewhat from their surprise, “to have found some of my countrymon here, for you perceive that I am English like yourselves. I cainc hero hoping to hear of some one who might bo returning to England, but it is very strange, I think, that I should havo chanced to sit just here and overhear what you havo said. Will you please toll mo of whom you wero speaking?” The man and woman looked at each other in perplexity; the resemblance of which they had spoken wns growing upon them every' moment-, until it al most seemed that the lady they had referred to stood again beforo them, and was addressing them. “Well, well, miss, this are very queer,” the man said at last ; “I don’t think I’m dreamitr, but if ye wero not so young looking. I sh’d say ye were the very' loddy herself.” "Her name—please tell me her Arley could scarcely control her im patience. lint beforo the man could reply an attendant ontered tho room, and an nounced that his excellency, the con sul, had just, received important dis patches calling him away, and lie would therefore bo unablo to receive any visitors that day. Upon hearing this, most- of the people beat a busty retreat, muttering their disappointment in no amiable mood, and Alley and her two strange companions wero thns left the- sole oc cupants of the room. "Now wc can converse undisturbed.” she said, eagerly', as tho last ono de parted, “and I will toll you why I am so anxious to learn tho iiamo of tho people of whom you have spoken. There is a mystery banging over my parentage, and I was separated from, my parents by an accident at sea, and havo never seen them since; so you porceive that it is not strange that I should think from what you have said that you could perhaps throw some light on this dark subject for mo.” “Ah! miss,” the woman said, with a regretful shako of her head, as Alley paused and looked appealingly at her. "I’m sure no one could refuso to oblige n pleasant-spoken leddy like yourself if ouo could help it, but we don t know the name of tho beautiful leddy' who looked enough liko yo to ho yer twin sister-” „„ , , “You don’t know the name ? Arley interrupted iu a tone of bjttor disap pointment, her heart sinking heavily at this intelligence. “No, miss. Ye seo this was the way' of it: My man and I had been on a long voyage from Portsmouth, Eng land, to Bombay, in tho Black Swan, a sailin’ vessel under Captain Conway. Wo’ve been sailors together, miss, and I as stewardess; for, ye see, bom’ rather fond o’ one another,”—and here tbo buxom blushed like a girl in her teens—“one didn’t like to leave t other behind. Well, we’d bed a fine voyage most of tho way till wo entered tho Bay of Biscay, when things began to look kind o’ threatenin’. Just about sunset ono day a great stonmer passed us, and everybody on hoard looked as gav and smilin’ as could he, and gave throe hearty cheers with wavin’ ker chiefs, as if they’d had a good passage so far, and were in high feathor over it. Sho, tlie steamer, soon went out of sight though, and wo thought that was tlie last of hor for us, and I couldn’t help frottin’ to think how much faster she sailed than' the Black Swan, and how much sooner she’d reach port-. But I had reason to thank heaven, miss, for tho slow sailin’ vessel afore many days. A storm blow up that night— such a storm as I hope never to he out in again. Me nor my old man never expected to set foot on laud, and for three days and nights wo didn’t do much hut pray. But the fourth day tho wind went down some, and wo knew the worst was over. t “Well, just as we wero roundm Point St. Matthew wo came upon signs of a wreck—floatin’ spars, boxes, kegs, stools, and such liko, and later on durin’ the day, wo saw a quoor lookin’ object to the leeward of us, with' some thing like a. white flag flyin’ from it. Our captain thought it looked sus picious, and ordered his men to bear away toward it, and nfter awhile he had a boat lowered and sent to seo what it meant-. “It was well that wo came upon it. just as we did, for it. proved to bo a groat chicken-coop, with a man ana woman lashed to it, and both nearly dead from tho cold, and bein’ dashed about in tho wild waves. Thoy were brought aboard the Black Swan, and given up to mo to see if I could find any life in ’em. s . “The man came round all right after a littlo whilo, hut it was a tough job fetcliin’ tbe woman awhile, and then it wns enough to break your heart to hear her take on. • " ‘My baby—my Allio,’ were tho first words sho said when sho came to her self, and her husband, who never left lier a minute after he got her senses back, bent over lier, and said in a hoarse voice, and his face as white as a sheet, ‘Marg’ret, don’t yon remem ber? Darlin’, let ns be thankful that we are spared to each other.’ “Upon thnt the leddy gave a scream, and fainted dead nway again. Well, it’s no use tellin’ yon of the time I had with her, but she just about grieved herself to death, and couldn’t bear her husband out of her sight for a Bingle minute. Day in and day out he sat in the captain’s state-room—for he gave it up to them,, and bunked it Iliko u common sailor—boldin’ Lor in liis arms when bLo was awako, and talking in a soothin’ way to her, but lookin’ as if ho wero just ready to die with grief himself when she was asloep and ho was loft to his own thoughts. I had to feed lior like a baby, for she was tuo weak to help herself, and she was so pretty and gentle that I couldn’t help lovin’ her with all my-heart; while I’m freo to confess I never did soo so much blubberin’ in all my life as I did in thoso two weeks that wo wero rnakin’ for Portsmouth, after we took them two castaways on board. But it was enough to break tho stoutest heart to hear that poorniotlier grievin’ for her lost baby. ‘'La, miss!” as Arloy buried her faco in her handkerchief and sobbed over the sad story, “I didn’t mean to upset yo liko that, though I can novor tell about it without gettin’ soft myself, for all it’s moro’n eighteen years ago. But as for hor name. I wero so bound up in fakin’ care of the poor thing, that I novor once thought to ask who slip were, and I nover hoered the cap tain say. Wo sailed into Portsmouth harbour all right one lino morning, and after I had wrapped tho leddy up in my warm shawl to bo taken ashore— for tho day was cold—she seized both my . hands, and said with her white, tremblin’ lips: '“Oh, you good woman, I ought to bless theso hands that havo holped to r bring mo back to life, and I do—I do for my husband's sake; but my heart ! is broken for my baby—my pretty an gel, AUiol’ "Tho gentloman gave mo a fifty pouud note, with a hearty ‘Hoaven j bless ye,’ just afore he carried her up f on deck, and 1’vo never sot eyes on oitlior of ’em, nor heard one word about ’em sinco.” "Do you know the name of the steamer that they wore on when they wero wrecked ?” Arley asked, with al most breathless eagerness, when the woman ended her story. "Yes, miss; it wero tho White Star, and she wero bound from Calcutta, India, to England.” Arley started, und a cry escaped her; it was tho samo vessel on which, it was supposed, she had sailed with her nurso for England over some eighteen years ago; and thus it be 'came evident that there had been two cliildrcu of about the samo ago on board that ill-fated steamer. There might havo been more—she did not know; but sho was quite sure now that both Ina and herself had been among the passengers, and while Ina had drifted into the hands of thoso rudo fishermen on tho coast of Spain sho had been rescued by one of the sailors of tho Whito Star, mistnkon for her, and thus sont to Dr. McAllis ter of London. Something within her told her that : sho belonged to the beautiful woman, to whoso sad story sho had just listened—something asido from tho strong rosomblance to her of which this honest couple had spoken; and she felt that at last sbo hold a clew, though a very faint one, to the mys tery of her parentage. It was very unsatisfactory, however, and would doubtless require diligent and patient search and inquiry in or der to make it of tho least avail, while it was possiblo that sho might novor get boyond this point. "I bolieve you havo been telling me about my own father and mother,” sho said, in a trembling voice to tho woman. “Land nlive, miss, yc don’t moan it !” was the astonished rejoinder, wliilo tho burly John leaned forward, wonder de picted on liis faoo. “Yes, I feel quite sure of it,” Arloy said; "but oh! if you could only havo told mo their name, tho way out of this puzzle would be comparatively Thou sho told them somotliing of her own life, for sho felt it was duo to them after their courtesy to her. ' "It are all like a story, miss, and it’ll all come out right at last, never fool’,” said John; “and,” ho addod, “all yo’vo got to do whoa yo go back to England is to hunt up tho captain of tho White Star, if lie’s livin’, and the rest’ll be'easy enough.” “If he’s living,” Yos, that was it; if tho steamer had been wrecked, it was more than probable that tho cap tain had gone down with hor, and thus tho sequel to her secret remain for ever buried in tho deep dark waters of the ocean. Arloy heaved a sigli, but she looked into tho faces before her with a smile, and asked: “Will you kindly toll mo your name ? I am very thankful to you for tolling mo this story.” “My name? Sart-in, miss. It’s Jane Collins, and it’s one I’vo never had reason to bo ashamed on eithor.” was the satisfied reply, while tho honest creature bestowed au affectionate glance upon hor husband. “John here has been a good man to me,” she added; “and wo’vo been middlin’ prosperous in this world’s goods, and we’ve roved the world jiretty much over togotlior, first and “Shall you go back to England soon?” Arloy inquired, with a sudden hoart- bound, and feeling that she could trust herself with these rough, hub evidently honest people, more fully perhaps. than sho could with othors who might be wiser in tho ways of tho world. “Yes, miss. Tho Rocket—that’s the vessel John’s mate aboard, and I’m stewardess—starts on her homeward voyage nest week, of a Wednesday.” “Would yon let mo go with you? Could I obtain a’ passage in the ves sel?” Arley asked, eagerly, while her voice trembled with tho earnestness of her plea. “A sailin’ vessel ain’t no kind of a placo for a delicato young leddy like ' yo,” Jane Collins remarked, doubtfully, aa she eyed Arloy’s dainty figure from top to tee. “Oh, I would not mind tho vessel, if only I might go homo; and, some how, I feel ns if I should bo very safe with you and your husband,” Arley. said, while tears of entreaty actually gathered in her eyes. Jane bestowed ta gratified look on her as she said this; then she replied: “Sure, miss, we’d do the best we could for yo if ye did go, but wo are all in the Lord’s hands. What d’ye say, John?” and she turned a ques tioning glance upon her husband. “Reckon wo can fix it somehow, he returned laconically. ' “Oh, thank you! thank youl” Arley murmured, and the sweet brown eyes brimmed over with the glittering drops which told how intense were her long ings after England and home. 