THE COLONEL'S N1TA. Mahgtteeixe Stabler, et tttf. "ABG0X4JJT." The colonel's Rita oonld not have given yon the first simple axiom in plain geometry—in fact, she coold not even beep her acconnta other expenditures for, satin slippers and lace petticoats straight, hut there was in her nature a depth of loyalty and devotion that would over match the heart force of twenty college* hred Yankee girls. And when she broke her alabaster box of devotion at the feet of -voting Masson there was not one thought of flinching at the inevitable consequences. She amply loved him, and because he was he and she was she, they two alone made up her universe. Tbrongh all the years of her childhood her starved young heart had spent itself on a galaxy of pointed saints and the tradition of a father, for although the colonel's one idea in regard to his daughter was that she should he happy, bis ideas of what should constitute the happiness of a budding woman were vague. He saw that she was indulged in every whim and that she was taught to dance and sing, which in some unac countable way—he did not pretend to understand the nature of women—was to accomplish the result of her growing into a useful, lovable womanhood. As long as the colonel was at the Presidio with the worries of the service on his mind, the little motherless daugh ter was not often in his thoughts, and on the rare visits he made to the Santa Ynez convent he saw a demure little girl in a slim little frock, and was assured by the asters she was a good child and sang welL After each visit he carried away with Mm the gratifying impression that the child was growing like her mother. As a man's estimate of a woman, even his own flesh and blood, is merely as to her looks, he saw only the blue-black batr- and erect carriage. He was too slightly acquainted with his child to. gmess at the volcanic nature beneath the demure exterior. So all thonght of the child was quickly obliterated by the memories of a gay youth, Seville, his beautiful Carmenita, then the neiv world, with only the little motherless 2sita to lint- him with the past. After these visits his men always found him sterner than ever, his discipline more rigid, and his temper more irascible. But when the colonel's Nita was six teen—it does not take long for these Spanish-American girls to grow up—the colonel's complacency was suddenly in terrupted by the realisation that the child was now a woman, that her educa tion in ringing and dancing, with a few minor details, perhaps, was now com plete, as far as the convent course could tike her, and she insisted upon going home. To the old colonel home meant barracks, or a shelter-tent somewhere out on the border, and the thonght of the presence of a restless young woman, -with innumerable trunks, judging by her mother's way of doing things, was disturbing. So Nita was sent, like the colonel's other belongings, to the colonel's sister for safe keeping. And the Senora Alvarez was a most proper person for the colonel's Nita to he intrusted to. She had had two daughters of her own, who, promptly upon their release from the convent school, had been married off, one to a wealthy octogenarian who owned bnlf the valley he lived in, and the other to a Spanish count whom the poor girl loathed ; bnt the old senora rested serene in the belief that she had done her duty by her own daughters, and complacently undertook the care of the colonel's Nita. Theprond old senora did not know, and neither did Nita, .that the colonel's wife had been a public singer, who for her love for the young officer had thrown away a brilliant stage career; neither : did Nita know why she loved brilliant • music, and glitter, and show ; and why : she put trills and arpeggois in a miserere, ' and said her prayers to Santa Lucia in stead of the Blessed "Virgin, because Santa ; Lucia was painted in a red robe. So when the ringers child burst from her convent chrysalis, with the blue- black hair, the imperious manner, and the glorious voice of her mother, and the hot, high-strung nature of her father, the serene old aunt found her a very different charge from her own docile young daughters. The somhre old honse was overrun with riotous young life, doors and windows were flung wide to such an onslaught of fresh Mr, sunshine, clouds of dust, and swarms of visitors as had never been dreamed of before. The rank old garden, which Nita declared suggested an over grown graveyard, was transferred Into smooth lawns and rose-hedged avenues, that rang all day with gav voices and light laughter, and in the evenings the vault-like sum. mer houses heard many tender avowals, and, 1 too many" light exchanges of vows. And above it all and through it all rose Nita's voice, caroling and tril lin°-like a skylark. Now not in uvea and misereres, but tender love songs, hits from gay operas, soft lullabys, and stirring patriotic airs. Song3 the old senora had sung herself before her thin old lips bad crown too dry and her stern old henrttoo hard to ring them if she would. But the people who filled the house and carden were not of the senom's inviting. The colonel's Nita had turned her hack upon every one of herann't guests, the elicible husbands from whom she had •picked her own sons-in-lsw. The girl bad cathered from the social highways the fight-hearted "detrimentals who could dance and make love, and .dashing vounc officers on her father s staff,_ tiii one would think the house was continu ally garrisoned. Everything about her jnnst he replete with life and yonth and ^Thef horrified aunt was compelled to appeal to the colonel for assistance in managing this self-willed young person, and. after many urgent calls tie old colonel made up Ms mind to go and put down the insurrection within his own lines. "When the gray old soldier clanked down the avenue that led to his sister's house, in soma uncertainty of mind, a vivid young oreatnre flashed toward him, and Carmenita to the life flew down the steps to meet him. The little convent daughter had no connection with this resplendent young woman, for he had not counted on how I striking the similarity might he when ! her surroundings should be similar. The same love of beautiful things, the same alert manner, the same trick of the eyes, and, with a quickening of the breath, he caught the sparkle of the same sapphire rings glistening on her nervous little hands that he had bought for Carmenita and then forgotten among the other trinkets in the little casket his sister had kept. TMs, then, was the insubordinate he had come to discipline, and, as usual, he forgot the matter in hand while his mind reverted to the scenes of his youth. But the old senora also came of fighting stock, and never yet had struck her colors before an obstacle; now she had no mind to be faced down by a chit of a girl. On one point the old colonel was adamant; however kindly he might he disposed toward the child, he had all his sister's hatred for the gringo, and the senora knew the right taetics to nse. " And there is not a moment to he lost," she pursued, as they discussed their campaign the following evening in the garden; " now that we have talked the matter over and you agree with me " —he had not said a word—our only course is to act at once. We can not have a repetition of the disgraceful scene we witnessed this morning.'' Meanwhile, the author of the " scene " watched the pair from the shadow of the patio, and lived over the melodrama of the morning. Her shoulders squared hack as she recalled the first horror of her father's ultimatum, and then how splen didly Jack—her Jact—had stood up and confronted him, repeating to herself for the twentieth time the scornful taunt: " I will see my daughter dead before X will consent to her marrying herself with a damned gringo !" And the passionate defiance : " Then, sir, I shall marry your daughter without your consent,' and in the face of the whole garrison, aud all heaven and hell beside I" The little figure in the shadow grew tense as steel, the full lips lost their curves and showed only a hard, red line. She almost smiled as she watched the nodding figures in the garden, thinking the valiant Jack had routed them. And with the picture in her mind of those clear, gray eyes, and the boyish, eager face framed in its mop of reddish hair, she knew she could dare anything—any- I thing. Being a "woman her faith was blind. Boor Jack! His weapons were too straightforward and primitive to j meet the old senora—as well try to meet a trained swordsman with a broad axe. .Finally, the nodding figures in the garden turned and slowly approached the house. They did not notice her as she arose and stood aside for them to pass. They sat uncomfortably, bolt upright in the piazza chairs that were made for lounging, and in formal, measured tones called her to them. And there in the warm, mellow moonlight, on the very spot she had plighted her vows with Jack, under the breath of the roses and honey suckles, with all the earth teeming with spring time and palpitating with life and promise, - they told her—their heads already bent beneath the snows of winter and the frosts creeping into their hearts— they told her she was to he torn away from it all, and sent hack to the convent to take the veil—she who had just begun to live I After the first wild outburst of anguish the girl regained her tenseness, and the senora waited for her to take the course any well brought-up girl might he ex pected to pursue—weep, and sulk, and finally yield. But the colonel's Nita had too much of the soldier-father in her. All the buoyanev and brightness of her nature turned into a rigid defiance of a temper which" might break but never bend. The offending Jack was, of course, forbidden the house, and Nita kept a prisoner in solitary confinement. There had been since then only one meeting, one iastdesperate moment, when Jack-had contrived to say, "Promise to keep your faith till we meet, to which the ghost of the glowing Nita, eveiy drop of whoseblood had gone to strengthen the resolve of her heart, had answered, " Till death shall us part." Even the old father was not allowed to see her, for the senora divined that to the father she was not Nita, but a reincarna tion of the lost Carmenita, in whose hands he had been as clay, and, a3 is often the case with fathers, after the first storm-clouds of anger had cleared away, he might be as plastic in the hands of his daughter. "When this state of affairs had lasted beyond endurance, and everybody, ex cept the senora, who was calm and deter mined as ever, felt something must snap, the tension was so Mgh, the colonel was suddenly called away and the senora left in sole charge of the rebellious forces. "When next the colonel visited Ms sister h9 found her more stately and serene than ever, and was assured that Nita, although without a doubt the most un tamed and rebellions spirit she had ever known, had finally found her senses and yielded to her aunt's superior judgment. She was in the convent and was perfectly calm; oh, yes, she gave him her word for it, she was perfectly calm. So, thanks to her efforts, the family name was saved from the scandal of an elopement, and his unfortunate daughter from a disgraced life. ° "Nevertheless, after the old father's rage had cooled somewhat, and, once back at his post, he had found a perspective on the domestic uprising, he was almost ready to admit it might have been better to temporize with the child—Carmenita's child—than to shut her up in a convent. It had been to him almost like finding his yonng life again in this brief glimpse of his daughter. There arose in his mind a picture of what his declining years might be with this glowing yonng life at his elbow and this blithe young voice filling histoid heart with memories of the beautiful singer of Seville. He proposed to go 3nd see Ms daughter to satisfy himself that she was happy ; hut be was always met by the objections from bis sister that she was not allowed to see visitors until her novitiate was finished, thatshe was in retreat, and finallythatshe was transferred to anothercon vent. Always successfully baffled, his visits became less frequent, his temper more uncertain, his discipline more unreasonable, until his lonely life was ended nnsolaced by wife or child. As the years went by the old senora grew grimmer and sterner, and more stately; the old house was closed again and grew musty aud silent: the garden went back to its original state of rank overgrowth and solitude, and in time all trace was lost of the little gust of life that had once animated it. And Jack, her. Jack, did many things —raged, and dissipated, and travelled, and finally went hack to his Eastern home, and married a nice Eastern girl, and settled down. So the story of the colonel's Nita passed into local tradition, and was told as a warning to other rebellious daughters, until it, too, was huned under the dtbris of newer sensa tions. And the sequel might never have been told had it not been for the survival of a toothless old hag who recognised the pic ture. After the occnpation and supremacy of the gringo had become an established fact, and the Mission precinct extended, a street was surveyed through the Alvarez garden and the house condemned and torn down. And as the massive old adobe walls fell to the ground they cried out the ending of the colonel's Nita's story. Under the oriel window in the! room wMch had been Jiers, in a tiny niche all too small for a ful!-grown woman, crouched a grinning skeleton, the dry bones clothed by the masses of i blue-Hack hair that rippled and waved like a garment about it—save for the locks that in the "last agonies had been torn out and were still clutched in the fingers on which gleamed the same great sapphire rings of the singer of Seville. And shut away from sight, when they had robbed her of every token, behind the little teeth that were still white and even, they found a tiny locket of Spanish workmanship with the picture of a boyish, eager face, framed in its mop of reddish hair, guarded, as she had sworn, •' till death shall us part." 