THE CATHOLIC CONGRESS, ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL. DEDICATORY SERVICES. St. Mary's Presbytery, Sydney, presents a busy scene as a result of the arangements proceeding for the Australasian Catholic Congress, which opens on Monday next. I'he tridumn in ])i-P]f-tratinn lor iTie pttlihl openins -and dedication of St. Mary's Cathe dral commenced on Thur.-<lay. The cathe dral is open for the lirst time since its completion lor riiesc Uidimm werrices. At the dedication ceremony bis Excellency the Governor, the Chief Justice, the .Mayor of Sydney, the Ministry, md the consuls, will a=3sis*t officially. '1 he arcM>ishop.s anti bishops of Australia and an immense mintber of tie clergy from all the dioceses are arm-ing in Sydney nitiily. in readiness for the congress and dedication ceremony at which they will assist. Tlie Archbishop <.ti Melbourne, the rJisiiop oi Jiallarat. und the Coadjutor Bishop of Itendigo, arrived on Wednesday, accompanied by a large number of the clergy from Victoria. The cardinal will preside at the dedication, and the sermon will be preacned by Archbishop Kedwood, of Wellington. The ceremony promises to be the most memorable that either old or new St. Mary's has known. Following the church ceremonies on Son day, the prelates, visiting priests, and inter colonial members of congress will be enter tained at a banquet in bt. Mary's UaU by tiic Catholic laity of Sydney. Pontifical High Mass, the first of the tri dinnn services, was celebrated in die Cat&e; drad on Thursday morning, ihe celebrant being Bishop Grrmee, S.SL, of Chrisbchuncb, New Zealand. He was assisted by the deacon and sob-deacon, and masters of ceremonies from St. Patrick's College, Manly. TSie Very Key. Dr. Murphy, pre sident of the College, acted as assistant priest. There "was a. very large number of tlie local and visiting clergy present, and a full congregation. An eloquent sermon was preached by tihe Very Rev. Fattier T. O'KarreU, from tlie appropriate words, "Behold, neaceforth aU generations snail caQ me blessed." The solemn tridimm, he said, was intended to prepare them for the great function of Sun day .next, when the Cardinal' wocld bfess that magnificent temple and offer it to God in honor of mosc holy Mary, the help of Christians. Why did they as CatJiolics make so much of Man,-? Why did they build cathedrals, churches, and chapels in her "honor? Why did they turn to her for help in their trials, temptations, and neces sities':1 Did they not expose themselves to taunt and ridicule for so doing? They were taunted, ridiculed, and calumniated on account of their devotion to Mary; but they had the long aces of Christianity to justify and to guide them in that, as in all cue doctrines and practices of tueir faith. Was it not a prophecy inspired br the Holy Ghost, and therefore certain: to be fulfilled, that all generations should call her blessed? And Jesus Himself had on the cross commended {her to the devotion of His followers -when He said, "Behold your mother." What could such "words have meant at Aat, solemn moment U tihey took from them 4ie attached' to them" by the Catholic Church? That new tribute of their praise and devotion would be another precions .gem in tne crown of their blessed. Lady, which would give joy to tihe Heavenly Court, and especially to her devoted client, John Joseph Therry, rcho laid jjhe first foundations of the noble pile, and- to those great archbishops, priests, and people wio 'had lived and labored for St. 'Marj>. THe music comprised Haydn's N-o. 3-Im perial Mass, Farrent's unaccompanied an them 'XJ?acnnnconiviviuni,"Gounod'B'' tAve Maria," and Handel's ''Hallelujah chorus." At the offertory (Miss Millie VVyim sang Gounod's "Aye Maria," Warrant's anthem was sung at the Gradual and ttandel's "Hal lelujah" at the end, as £be clerical proces sion left the sanctuary. The chorus, -which consisted of. about 170 carefully selected voices, eang wrtfh conspicuous purity of tone, precision, and firmness ol attack, and strict attention' to detail. At 7 p.m. tlie cathedral was again fall, when the Very Eev. Dr. Carroll, V.G., gave souemn benediction of the most holy sacra ment. The preacher was £he very Rev. Esther Hyan, SJ^ rector of Kew College, Melbourne. Tihe muskaj solos at this ser vice were "Pater noster" (Meoenrxeyer), "O salotana" (Basaiii), and "Tantom. ergo." Amongst "fee clergy present -were Cardi nal Moran, the clergy of St. Mary's, with archbishops, bishops, and representatives from Adelaide, Melbourne, BaUarat, Sand hurst, Brisbane, itockhampton, Perth, Wel lington, Port Augusta, Aucldand, Dunedin, Chrisbehurch, Hotort, AnmdaJe, BaAurst, Goulburn, Maitland, and Wilcannia. The local executive controEing tie many de tails of the various functions connected ?wMi the tridumn, the dedicatory cere monies, and die congress, to extend until September 16, are the Hons. T. Dalton, J. T. Toohey, and T. M. Sattery, hon. trea surers; tne Bight Rev. Monsignor J. J. O'Brien, the Rev. Dr. CHaran, Alderman T. Hughes, and Mr. J. W. Street. It is anticipated that there will be I^oo mem bers ?oi the congress present at the cere monies, 220 coming from Victoria alone. i. MAGSIFIOEST BCILOKG. St. Mary's Cathedral is a fine specimen of Gothic architecture, and the appoint ments are in keeping with the solid exter nal appearance, enhanced by endless va riety of artistic eSect. It was the special care of Archbishop Folding, Arrchbishop Vaughan, and Cardinal Moran. It has not been richly endowed by any great sum. About £100,000 was spent upon the build ing during the time of the two archbishops, and since Cardinal Moran's arrival in ISSi another £100,000 has been spent. The prin cipal measurements are:—Length outside vdien completed, 350 ft.; length of part complete, 208 ft.; general vridth, 80 ft.; length of transepts, 121 ft.; width of tran septs, 80 ft.; inigh-t of nave, 98 it.; height of gained ceiling from floor, 74 ft.; height of completed central tower, 127 ft.; height of front towers and spire to be 232 ft. The foundations were completed in 1868. in. John Young was the contractor for the main building to 1888, carrying out five tracts were carried oat by Messrs. Love ridge & Hudson. Till his death the archi tect, Mr. W. W. Wardell, who also de signed St. Patrick's Cathedral, Melbourne, 'personally eupermtenoed the work. Since then hss eon end Mr. Denning have done so. The building generally runs from north to eolith. The uanctoaxy, choir, high attar, and other altars, are at the northern end. Here also is a magnificent -window, 15 ft. high. On the eastern and western side tiie rose windows ace of great raze and beauty. Situated away from the busy heart of "the city, removed in a measure from its din, surrounded by the people's parts, and overlooking the harbor, the ca thedral occupies on appropriate and attrac tive site, end is conspicuous from its size, its solidifcy, and its masave ornate central tower. The etructnre is of Pyrmont sand- Stone, possessing wui'uiUi of coloring. Some of the oeoonEtive work ie beaxitaralry chisell ed. Tlie general design is cruciform, and in cludes naves and teanspets in beeping with convenience in mowng Jarge numbers of people. When oompfcted the building will extend from St. Mary?-road to Wooloomoo loo-strcet, with its m?fn frontage to Col lege-street, and will cover the ground now occupied by the old cathedral and St. Mary's scbooWraH. The main roofs are of open timber-work, except those of the choir and sanctuary, which axe groined like York Cathedral. The roofe of the aisles are groined in stone. and _ are regarded as the most artistic, best finished, and most interesting work -of the kind in the colonies. Three sacristies are completed, one being for the arch bishop, one for the clergy, and one for tt?e acolytes. These are approach?rt by a cloister from Uie eastern aisle. The san> toary is imposing and beautiful. It is ap proached by seven white marble steps. At its end is the high altar with the archiepis oopal timme. The aisles, with the space between the altar and the Lady chapel, form a complete ambulacrum and approach to the Lady chapel, with the chapels of St. Peter and St. Joseph, the Sacred Heart of Our Saviour, and the proposed chapel of the Irish saants. Some 500 people oouM attend mas; in the Lady chapel and be hardly seen from the main body of the cathedral. The floor of the sanctuary is of elaborate glazed mosaic tiles. The tiles nsed in the nmin nicies arc of American marble. The high altar and reredos, the gift of MeKsr*. Ri>y Uros., iire of e\\-qui.?h? j beamy, and cost £2,000. They are chiefly ! of Know-white stone from Oam;iru. NYw Zealand. The inscription on the allar is:— i "To (lie prcaliT glory of God. and in grate- j fid memory of Archbishop Folding." The upper aluu* is al?o richly eirvc<t, and is re lieved by carved heads in sunk quntr" foils. The reredos to the hisrh altar has seven inches on each sid*, with a larger niche and rinial at each end. The central niche is rk'hly canopied and fini^hod with pinnacles ond a pioroed lantern at Hie t<rp. Thte lower portion i* I treated with. vaivin;rs reitrcscntins the !'-.i?sion- flov\\-er. The altar :md rcrodos <si the Ijdy clurnel, silpo o£ rki d<>sisn, are fionrnlorcii. The windows, oi st-tincd glass, have fceen tlie special care of ])r. Donovan, Q.C. They have cost £7,000, and were executed by Hurdman, Poneu, & Co., of Birmingham. All ihe -vriDdt>ws "have been tlie result of private benefactions, and are mostly memorinls of people of note. The communion rail, the I'hrone, the canopy, the altars and fonts, pulpits, lectern, mc brass work, fzs standards, ?stts, and other details are aH in keeping with the general hnrrrrony of richness a-nd elegance. 3llany of these are special gifts, and neither money 1 nor rasbe has been grudged by the donors. MessTO. F. Lassetter &, Co., under the last contracts, supplied tie mosaic floors to ihe ehaTfds, *he marble steps to the sanctnary, besides renovating the brass -vrork. The last main contracts for completing the nave and aisles amounted to £29,247, and sub sidiary contracts totalled £5,176. 