The Sketcker. A Strange Seance. It ms a peculiar affair from the very j commencement. It was weird—even from the circumstances that led me to participate in it. It occurred under the very nose of the public, and the public eye was blind to it. I was in a certain suburban park. I shan't tell yon which it was—put on your pir/.’/.lmg cap. I had cast aside my worries, and had determined to enjoy tin hour of the modern pastoral. H was ofte evening in the year's sweet bridal month, when spring weds summer, When the May bloom decks the glade, and just about the time the sun rakes liis evening dip, gilding the waters of liis hath as lie disappears iuto their I had wandered Into a thickly wooded grove, and l (thought mysell alone ; so I was rather startled when I heard a human voice close by me cry out “cuckoo." On looking up 1 perceived an old gentleman, a very queer-looking old gentleman, perched on tile stump of a withered tree. He was swinging his legs about as if he were in a state of ‘thorough enjoyment, and lie was nod ding liis quaint old head—nodding it evi dently at me. It was not a position In which one would usually find an old gentleman—not a respectable old gentle man. It was not an occupation in which old gentlemen are prone fo indulge ; so I fear in my surprise I must have stared at him very rudely. “ Oli. I'm here right enough.” cried he. He had evidently read my thought. “ I'm very much iiere. ha ! ha ! ha !” And his legs went swinging at a fearful “ I wouldn't look quite so bewildered if I were you," continued he in his strange croaking voice. " I’eople pass ing might, notice it. Oh. you think I Slwuld be most likely to attract their attention ? That's whore you re wrong. I'm here, most positively here '• hut for all tlKi't very, very fe.w people can see •me. Hon can. liecause you're clair voyant.' I'm a spirit. Ha ! ha !” I questioned myself as to the possi bility of my being asleep and dreaming; but again divining my thoughts, lie re plied with a chuckle : “ OU, you’re wide a wake—cuckoo.” And he gave me a knowing wink. ■.Suddenly he assumed an alert expres sion ; ami then, bending forward mys teriously. lie whispered : “There are some (ample coming. I don't vets'll to distress you. I know you d like to introduce me ; but as you can't, I’ll disappear.” I turned to see who was approaching. It was a pair of level’s ; but they were too much pngiwspd in their own affairs to pay any attention to me ; so l faced about again. 15ul the queer old man " Oli. this is too absurd," cried I. and I deliberately went up to the si>ot where lie bad been and minutely examined it. There wais nothing but an old splintered and jaggeil tree stump, with a gnarled mot draped in lichen and moss. 1 Stooped to gather a primrose, when I felt my list kicked off my head. Then, raising my eyes. 1 perceived an old boot dangling iuist on a level with my nose. SSn sip-.irifled was I that 1 must have fallen backwards, for I discovered I was seated in a bed of weeds. Oil. the way that old ma.n enjoyed my misadventure .(for there he was onjds <Wgirt ; liow he held his sides with laughter, rocked himself too and fro ; threw his arms up in the air ; and kick ed out liis withered old legs, livery moment I expected him to over-balance himself and come to serious grief on the ttrrf ; but no, he seemed as secure as you would have been on a music stool. Finally, lie got up—on nothing— floated round'the tree, and then, with a sudden twist, resumed liis seat. This liPtdc feat seemed to restore liis meutnl equilibrium. Seeing Ilian do tills so reminded me of certain en'terra'inauents I had witnessed that I couldn't help expressing a thought. " Fm sorry I haven't a tambourine or a concertina to lend you." muttered I. ,He took off bis cap and threw it at me. It vanished into air, but I distinctly felt as if I'd been struck by a wet towel. “ None of your inuendoes. my friend," said he. “ Fm no charlatan. I’m no ■spirit by machinery. I'm the real article. I Wish I had a conchrtina : I'd give you music about your ears you wouldn't care for. If you're not cavil I 'Shall juSt leave you, and then you'll lose ■something. I can tell you. ’Oopln." And to my further astonishment hp turned a complete somersault, again alighting in his old position and looking as serious ■as if nothing out of the common had happened. Then lie crossed his legs, nursed bis right elbow, and stroked his “ Hiave you ever attended a seance— a real seance ?" inquired- lie ; and his eyes looked like t/wo red-hot coals that seemed to burn right into mo. “ No, I see you’ve not. Well, would you like to ?” Again lie raid my thou girts before I could reply. “ So yon shall." Thereupon, he slid down the tree and stood before me. “ FOllow," he commanded. “ Oh. have no fear ; I wats a mortal once—like you. only a great deal handsomer—and you’ll be like me one of these days, ha ! ha ! tha 1—only not so handsome. Follow ■me. No one will! see the but you. unless we-meet a clairvoyant, and he’ll under- \ abii4*0./ “Wibyt: ft?’?*' Oh.' T - ghaut' take you off the earth’s plane. Ootne along." He trotted on before me. just as if he'd been a .human being. He didn't attempt any further conversation, neither did I. We were soon in a frequented part of the park, hut nobody noticed him—evi dently. nobody saw him. We passed through a busy street. He dodged in and out amongst the people just as you or.I would. Never hut once did he do anything out of the common, and that was when he walked straight through a post. In my surprise, that post and I collided. He, perceiving my new mis adventure, again extravagantly revel led ; but seeling I looked annoyed, he bowed to me very politely in contrition, and we continued our journey. Art last we halted at a not very aris tocratic-looking house down a back street. “ Mangling done here" was an nounced by a card prominently placed In a broken pane of the parlour window. My guide mounted the doorsteps and tried the door ; but it mas shut fast. Then, without the slightest hesitation, he passed right through it; -opened it from the inside, and waited, grinning, in the hall to .receive me. ’’I don’t like’giving the landlady any extra trouble,” said he, “particularly as she’s busy at present with her women cleansing-her neighbours’ linen and soil ing their characters. Oh, don't look so astonished ; she won't he afraid ; she’* used to my little peculiarities, bless her. Follow me up to the second floor. Mind the stairs ; they’re rickety, and tne ban igteni are delusive, so don’t trust them. Hera we are—Tooral lqoral lido." I couldn’t help being struck by the fact that this old gentleman did not In any way .bear himself with that gravity, that circumspection, one would natu rally expect from a person in his sphere. “ Who's here ?” he asked, looking round a room we had entered. Oh, only a poor muster to-night. Friends, I salute you. Let me introduce a scep tic. Sceptic, you have the honour to behold, no.t disembodied spirits, 'but an other order of bogies—for bogies you will think us. you poor, blind, benighted flesh-a nd- blond in :i chine-let tered soul. You behold hero spirits who cling to tie’ earth's plain’, and materially affect mor tality, but wlm in their mundane exisi eneo wore merely I he children of men's brains, as Minerva was the offspring of Jove. Let me introduce you. The gen lleman in the cliair to-night is simply known as The Cliost. Tie is a flieairieal gentleman—possibly outsiders term him Slangy ; but by those inside the profes sion ho is very much venerated. He is a welcome guest in every playhouse, and is to he met witii mostly on a Fri day evening or Saturday morning. N'u other ghost in rile whole world is so popular. 1.1 is influence is simply unique: and when his wonted time passes and he does not: appear there is generally heartburning and unpleasantly. in ordinary trade circles tie takes the nune rial name of Wages. That gentleman to the right of him is likewise in Hie mi metic profession, lie is 'ktiown as The Ghost of n Tine. >rot <•> oe iirqua in tor! with him is not to bo considered credit able in the theatrical world. Authors are understood to detest actors who eschew his society. Yonder spirit ema nated from the mind of a musician—a composer of the very highest soul order; so much so that none of his writings were ever guilty of melody. excepting one song, of which there is the ghost. That gentleman is the Ghost of a Tunc. The person opposite, that, melancholic iiidi vidaul. is the Ghost of a Joke. lie is welcomed when discovered in one of the comic papers, lie is generally attended by the imbecile you perceive at his elbow. Who is lie V Why. the Ghost of a Laugh, of course. The mercurial per sonage, so restless, and fidgety, is the Ghost, of an Idea. ‘Sometimes lie T very difficult to catch—even more so to retain. The party who has just entered is held in contempt both on the earth's plane and off it. Nobody wants him. One cun do without him better than with him. for he only brings unpleasant memories —he is The Ghost of a Coin.” “ Will you allow some one to speak besides yourself ?” said a gentleman in the corner. “ In other words, will you please give me myself ?" “Certainly,” replied my spirit guide, who seemed to perfectly understand the "I, sir,” .said the gentleman, rising, “am a spirit that many sigh for, many work hard for, and many sit patiently awaiting." “Oil ! ha ! ha! Capital for a conun drum. What is that which-■” It was the Ghost of a Joke who spoke, bu! he was silenced by the gentleman so rudely interrupted, and the Ghost of a Langli. who had just opened his mouth, closed it again, ami slunk behind bis intimaie's "Of course you would take me.” said the controlling spirit, addressing the Ghost of a Joke : “ you would take, me.” There was a bitter sarcasm in Ins ac cents; but Ills tone was nol unkindly When.—turning to me. he continued : " I am caught by sonic, and prove a bless ing to them, for they use me as I he thin end of the wedge for their advancement, simply = out of foolishness. others through sheer incapacity to utilise me. But there are myriads I never visit, and these, heaven help them. fade, fade into poverty, and .mostly thence into de spair. Those who seek me are likely to find me; but there is no cerfaintv of that. I am by nature hasty and capri cious. I. sir, am the Ghost of a Chance.” The spirit sat down, and there was silence. Directly I heard who he was I felt inclined to embrace him ; in fact. T rose to do so, but lo ! he had disappear ed. Then, as a vision, events of my own life rose up before me—anticipations, hopes.- schemes. failures — failures through folly, failures through being pre maturely certain, failures throng!) an other’s spite—faded chances, brilliant, effervescing bubbles which had died sparkling and had left behind them nothing -but regret. For a moment mv eyes were blinded with -tears, anil (through their dewy mist T saw the spirits who had formed the circle slowly fade a way one by one. Strange to say. the Ghost of a Coin and the Ghost of a Laugh disappeared together. The strains of a papular melody floated through the air. and flip Ghost of a Tune was indistinguishable. The last to leave was the Ghost of a Joke ; he seemed very loath to go-in fact lie seemed to he present long after I could see nothing of him. “ There," said my familiar when we were again alone, "you've witnessed what no spiritualist over beheld before, ^ouve gone beyond their most marvel lous experiences. I pity you when you come to narrate it. Yon will got" no credence—no. not even from the wildest visionary. Downstairs, please. The show’s over, lip make a silver collec tion at the door, so as to keep un tiie quality of the spirits. We are obliged to do this from a moral point of view : for if Hie rent’s not paid we find Hie spirits become very low.” Tie wanted to sell me some papers to which all the ghosts contributed, but T didn't purchase, because Df eared they'd -disappear, . in , .m.v. noctoL -poiireiy -saw me to' the' gate, and then vanished. M.v head was in a whirl. I scarcely realised what I was doing until I found myself back in my own rooms. There I again became acquainted with a little spirit—Scotch this time. Then I felt that what my familiar had said was true—I was a medium, and for some minutes I allowed the spirit to control.— l.'liarJes: Daly, in the “Newcastle Weekly Chmnclle.” Few things gratify Mr. George Mere dith more than the fact that he had something to do with Mr. Thomas Hardy’s first success as a novelist. The M.S. of Mr. Hardy’s hook “ Under the Greenwood Tree’- was sent in vain to several publishers, and at last reached Messrs. Chapman and Hall. Mr. Mere dith. who was then, as he is still, one of the “ readers” for the firm, read the story, and was so struck "with its merits that he advised its publication, and wrote the author a letter of cordial praise, which was greatly appreciated by Mr. Hardy. Bicycling’ has become so popular in fashionable Hyde Park, I/Ondon, that the First Commisioner of Works is to be • asked whether he cannot exclude car riages from the bicycle track for two hours in the forenoon, as they are a source of inconvenience and danger to the,bicyclists. 1 > There is a well-attested instance in England in -which a robin formed such an attachment to two ladies that he was in the habit of aocompanying them in their country walks. When they went to reside In another district he took his departure with them, flying:along by the aide of tha —rrtsgs. . 