Young Men's Christian Association. ANNUAL MEETING. The annual meeting of the Young Mpn's Chris tian Association was held in the Old Masonic Hall Inst evening, but, owing no doubt bo other attrac tions and the great oppressiveness.. of the weather indoors, tho attendance was not very large, and wan composed for the most part of ladies. Mr. T. Dimmock presided, and the Revs. Arthur Kill worfh, B.A., LL.B., C. White (of Newcastle), and J, Clifton, and Mr. H. Fairfax (President of the Aseo ciat.ion), together with the Secretary (Mr. A. S. McDonald), occupied Rents on the platform. Apolo giet- were received for the unavoidable absence of the Rev. T. R. Rpgg, and Mr. H.Kerr, the latter of whom however attended as the evening advanced. Pro«eedings bogan by Binging the hymn ' The Son of God Gohs Forth to War,' after which, the Rev. C. Whyte led in prayer. : The annual report was then read by Mr. A. S. McDonald, the Honorary Secretary, as follows : — Fourth Annual Report. la submitting this, oar fourth annual report of the Y.M.C.a. work in Maitland, it is with tho hope, that as God has bo graciously blessed our efforts in the pant, we will still continue to have Hib divine help and guidance in all our future work, providing we, aa a Christian Association, continually seek to do His will. In reviewing our year's work, we feel that, although everything has not been done which a Y.M.C.A. should be able to do, sbill the work of tbe Association ban, in some of its departments, been abundantly blessed. Our Treasurer's report shona that during the year ,£63 Ga 6d has passed through our bunds, and we finish the year with a credit balance of 5s 8d, which, though small, is satisfactory. \- Ib is with regret that we have to report the withdrawal of onr lease of the Building Society rooms in High-streer, which we havo occupied for tho past two years ; but aa they were much top large for present requirements, and tho expense of maintaining them correspondingly henvy, the. members decided to give up the lease at the end of 1899 j and until we aro able to carry on work upon a moro extensive scale, a much smaller room will suit bb well. During the year our. various departments of 'work havo been carried on bb usual, excepting' that the gymnasium which was iu sunh a flourishing con dition in 1898, haB in 1809 been displaced by an equally flourishing Literary and Debating Society. This Booiety has proved vary helpfnl. Our roll at the end of the year shows, a, member ship of 31, and although bhe number is much amallor than we would like, etill we have every hope of greatly increasing the number at ah early date. Our depsrbmonb of work is as follows : — Open air services on the Park have been carried on every Sunday afternoon successfully right throughout the year. There is generally a fair attendance at these services, and the various spankers have always received tho cloBoefc attention of thoBe present, and wo believe that many have derived great spiritual good ftom thoBe services. To all those friendB who have in any way assisted at these meetings we tender our heartfelt thanks. We also wish through the medium of thia report to heartily thank tho members of onr Municipal Council, who have bo kindly granted ua permission to carry on these Bervhes. We still continue to hold a prayer : meeting weekly on Monday nights at eight o'clock, and although the attendance is not kept up bo well as oould be desired, still the clnea has proved a benefit to those memborB who regularly attend it. Etrly in July it wan decided to form a Literary and Debating Society, and this has been carried on e»er sinco itB inaugurabion wibh evprgrowing buc oosa. Tho Sooiety has now gone into recess for three months, and tho next session will commence the first weok in March, when it is bopod that tho Sooioty will still contimw in the samo flourishing condition aa whon it wont into rocoaB. The winter courBO of lectures waa again oarried out, and theRO, taken on the whole, proved very enjoyable and instructive to all1 those who made ib their business to attend. The tirat woa a lecture on Tasmania, illustrated with epl«ndid lantern views. Thia lecture, whioh waa well attended and heartily onjoyed by all present, waa delivered by our worthy President. Tho nexb on tho list waa a vory warlike lecture on Colonel Hoctor McDonald of, Omdurroanf delivered by Mr. Goo. Craig, of Sydney. Some portions of this laotaro were calculated to raise the audianao to tho highest pitch of enthusiasm. ' Tho laat was a lecture on anoient Egypt, -and the lecturer, the Rov. Robert Jnokaon of East Maitland, who waa thoroughly master of his subject, ? and who gave a really enjoyable and instructive lecture on this interesting oonntry, wbb greeted by n very small audience. But bhab which was lacking in numbers waa made up by tho .thorough appreciation with whioh tho lecture was reoeived by thoao present. .?To ono and all-of these gentlemen we deeire to exproBB our hearty appreciation of, and sincoro thanks for thoir willing and bonefloial holp. In July wo received a visit from tho American Evangelist, tb-- Rev. O. H. Yattnan, who held Bovoral very successful services in tho Town Hall and Wealeyan Ohuroh, Theeo services should have provod of great spiritual good to many of our town pcoplo. . . ' ! ' Members meetings arc held at tho oloso of each, month for the purpose of receiving now momberB, reporting work, and diaoussing all matters of buai neie relating to tho Society*. ' ? To the Prosa wo dosiro to tondor our warmest thanks, for the valuable reports it-has given of our variouB meotingn. Our Sooioty has been greatly asaietod by theso roportB.' ' , . The officers, for tho year 1900 have boon oloctad aa follows :— Proaidenb, Mr. Herborb Fairfax i Vioo Prosidenta, tho Ministers of all tho Ohurohesj to,, gothor with Messrs. H. Kerry J. . Rourke, and S. Owen i Hon. Seorotary, Mr. A. S. M'Donaldj Hon. Treasurer, Mr. II, Korr. \ \ , -. In closing this report we would like to take thia opportunity of appealing to tho Christian public of Mnitland and disbriob for their prayora, sympathy, and flnanolal and praotioal holp. : By this means we hopo, with God'e holp, to be able to oomraonce the ountury wibh a very anooesaful year of work dono for tbo Master. Signod, on behalf of tho morabera, ? A. S. M'Donald, Hon. Seo. In tho abaono'o of tho Tronsurur, Mr, H. Fairfax read the financial abatement, which showed that the receipts for tho yoar, inoluding a balanoo of M 4b 7a brought forward, had amounted to JH58 6s 5d. Tho diaburaomonts totalled *CG8 Oa Od, thus lonvlng a orodlt balanoo on tho yoar'a oporationa of 5a 8d. A gonnr^l atatemont of accounts revonlod tho foot that tho nBBtito of tho Aaaooiation amounted to MS 15a Od, and tho liabilities wernpubdownatXO, bhus showing a aurpluu of X.'iO 15s Gd. Miaa Proudfoot thon favoured those proaont with n oong, rondnring in a vory ploasing munnor 'Tho Fllghb of Arob,' whioh was Rroatly appreoiatod. Tho Chairman naid ho had not prepared a speech bub that, he would moab cortninly say with regard to tho Assooiabion and tho roporb placed boforo them that evening thab ib wob vory onnouraging. Ib woa nob liko tho mooting of tho ointor aooioty in Nowoastlo hold laat month. When they oallod tho annual mooting tho aooretnry and tho roport wna abnont, Ib Hoomod tho aocrntary in NowcaBtle had arranged tp go away for n trip and bo presumed that ho carried tho roport; away with him in hia pookot. Thoy woro vory ploaaoci that nighb to find that thoir ouorotary had propnrod and rood tho roporb vory nioely. Thab roport allowed that tho Autiooiation ought to bo oncouragod, and .they hopod that moro of tho young mon in tho town and district would take advantago of tho opportunity offorod thorn to join tho sooioty. Ho did not think thoro waa nnybhing nioor Una to bo engaged in ft Sooiety oC thnt Wad, where prayer was ipcnleated, and they should therefore enoonroge their yonng people to join that Association. It had a tendency to strengthen them, especially when they were going into fresh fields. They then knew where to seek for strength. If the young people were loyal to the cause of the. Christian Association, looking unto tho Great Friend and Brother tbe Lord Jesus Christ, there was no doubt tbe more tbey were brought into contact in this way with one. Another the greater tendency for good there would be in a district where such an Association was established. He sincerely hoped that with the aid of the good minisferB of the various denominations, and tbe assistance of the young women that the usefulness cf the Association would be largely increased in future. He thanked tbe members for asking him to prooide that evening, although, he did not fool, very well suited to oocupy tho position. He thought that tho whole credit wns due to Mr. Fairfax, for the way in wbich tbo Society had been kept togeoher. He waa a man of a large ampunt of perseverance, and he was not to be disappointed of hia hope, and ho (&!t. Dimmock) Bincerely hoped ho would not be in the future working of the Association. He trusted tbe good people of Maitland would take up and assist in the work of tho Association, which was ono that did a vaat amount of good for their young people, and tended towarda the elevation of tho district in whtah r.hntr worn Riftmhpri. Mr. H. Fairfax then sang ' When bhe Etnpir Calls,' which wob most .deservedly applauded. The Rev. Mr. White,' on rising to move the adoption of tbe report, was greeted with loud applause. He had much pleasure in moving tho adoption of tbe report, but ho supposed he was expected to Bay a few words in doiag it, and should like to say that ho waa glad that thry were enabled to eay they were in a better position than Newcaatle. The secretary\ of that body did certainly go away and ic wan EUpnosed carried tbe report with him in his pocket. Ulo Enid that he thought they would however find eWne people busy working in the Association at Newcastle. The seorotary -j£ the Maitland Association was away, and ho thought the young mon were taking a holiday. However, ho was pleased t£- seo that such good work had been done. It waa astonishing when gathered together tbe amount oi work done during thoyear. Hecongratulatedthemuponhavingacredit balance, and to hear that trade waa reviving. He supposed ho ought to give an address upon bho war. But no. He was simply going to Bay a few words nbont a noble ambition, | and he hoped it might find an echo in the heart of some one present that night. At their annual aieetinga they were noous to mad to look back and nak themselves whether they had done their best ; and very often they had humbly to confess no ; they had not done their best. And they wore accustomed to look forward to do better in tbe new world than in tbe old. He hopod that was the feeling of those pre sent that night. Thoy wanted a noble motive for tho new year, and ib aoemed to him that they wanted an overmastering motive, something that would increase all thoir powers, and not something that would engage only some of their facilities. Thoy should have an ambition thab would increaso not only the lower ranged but alsc bhe higher faculties; something that would gather up. their whole manhood and engage it, and'iubo which bhoy oould put their whole selves. They wanted Rome thing large. He had hoard people say BomutituoB th«t they had no ambition and yet they wanted to bring all thoir children into Heaven and bo tbo Lord Jesus ChriBt. There was no ambition in the world grauter than that. It was one of the bighebt motives tbey oould ohorisb. Tho more stake they had in life the richer and moro valuable lifo became, and tho. greater motive power they bad to inspire them the richer and richer life bocame. Thoy .ought bo fill their livos with motiveBnnd resolutions in every direction, »UU UU HUIU IU LUIUbluu UU UI1U JVlUgUUUl UL UUTlPb the more faculties engaged and the more resolutions that were formed mndo life richer. They ought to cherish a noble ambition, and the greatost wiia the service of the Lord Jesus Christ. They should also take a. noble view of life. In conclusion he said thero was no strength like tho Holy Ghost, and that they Bhould take Christ into their life, so that Ho might give value to their life thia year. Ho had much pleasure in seconding the adoption of the report. . The Rev. Arthur Kill worth said he had muoh pleasure in being present that night to second the adoption of tho report. He would have liked to havo seen moro young mon present, but they were, conepicuoua by their absence. He had no doubt bat that it was difficult to keep organisations of that kind going in a place so Bmall- aa Maitland. Ho was sure thero were sufficient young mon who did not bolong to any of the cburohea to form a very strong branch of an organisation of tbia kind. If tho you up; men who bolongcd to tbo Association '? made it their business to try and secure some of the young fellows flouncing about tbe streets, and who did not belong to any religious organisation, thoy would bo doing a noble work. He was very much pleased with one part of the roport and that waa in relation to tho open air service on the Park. Ho had always longed to take part in them bnb could not on ncoount of the heavy work on his handa, and ho had consequently, no strength loft for open-air work. It was a* work ho delighted in. Ho moat earnestly wiahad. those engaged in snoh a work. God speed. 'Ho referred to tho Transvaal war, and said that au many bad ' offerod their sorvioca for Queon and country in the Buahmnn'a Contingent, that tho authorities bad found it nnnnRnnrv to bard manv baok jib thev did not require them all. And did it nob seom strange that the call from tho Kingdom of Heaven waa not responded to bettor by many of their mon. Ho thought that they Christiana Bhould learn a vory great thing in connection with thoir civic lifo at tho present- time, and that was to pray iriorp. Ho believed that thoro was nopower in tbo world liko tho Holy Ghost. If they prayed earnestly for Gad's Most Holy Spirit daring the ootning yoar ho was quite suro tho roBUlts' would be very bloseed indeed. And lot God unites hearts to hearts in tbo work' that was boing carried on for Christ's great work in the world. Tho Rnv. Mr. Ctii'TON said he wbb ploaaed to bo prosont just to any a word or two. . He was sorry he was nob present whon tho report was read, but still ho had learned thab thn report was a good ono and an onuouraging one. Ho waa glad at tho tono the mooting had taken. They had had emme. thinga said which ought to bouah thoir hoarts and dp good in tho currant year. When they bev;an to talk about prayer, about Christ, and the Holy GhoBt, then they wero sure to bavo a. good mooting. Ho waa sorry tho young men woro not thero. Ho referred to prayer and said thoro was power in ib and related a couple of instances where 'people had beerioon vorted bboreby. Ib waa not tho work of tho Miniotor that brought people into tho Kingdom of God, it was tho work of thn Holy Spirit, and that wna whab bhoy wanted. Oh, thab God would holp thorn, not only *io pray, but thot thoy might' rcoGiva the Spirit not only aa Miniaters but ns mombcrH of bho ohuroh 1 May God bless them all with power I -He had uiuoh ploanuro in supporting the adoptioii uf, the report. . | I ' , Tho Chairman said having heard the voryiea oournglng retaarke of tho apoakora they should go away gratified at; having been preaont, and on oouraged by the words spoken. Ho naked them to signify thoir approval of this by acclamation. The appeal was i heartily responded to. Rnfroshmenta worn thon hauded round by a nuinbor of willing lady workers, and muoh onjoyo,^.' Mr. Fairii'Ax aiid ho would liko to mention that ? during the ootning year they expootnd' oon olf the priuoipnl m»n from England, Mr, OatOB, Gonornl Sooretnry of tho Glasgow Y.M.O.A,, to visit Australia, in fnot ho bolieyod ho had already arrived at Perth. Ho was making a tour of tho aolonicn intending to atay bIx ruontha altogether, and ho bopad to havo him horn at Muitlaad. Tho Bonadictlon having boon pronounood by Mr, Clifton, tho. mooting diaporood aftor having apont a vory pleasant ovonlng. . , 