BRITISH GENERAL ELECTIONS. CLEARING THE DECKS FOR ACTION. PROSPECTIVE VICTORY FOR KHAKI [From our Special Correspondent.] LONDON, September 14 The chances are about a thousand to one that before this reaches you the genera! elections will be well nigh over. True, no absolutelv authnrit.irirn ilpoliratinn has vet been made as to the dissolution, the date ot which depends— to use a phrase which lias become very familiar of late— upon 'the working of Lord Salisbury's mind,' but -t is understood that this event will take place towards the end of this month or the be ginning of October. Mr. Chamberlain, it is understood, is eager for the fray, being desirous of taking the war tide at the tioo'l ? and securing for his i-arty the full benelk of the 'khaki' enthusiasm. In one of 'F. C. G.'s' inimitable cartoons in the 'Westminster Gazette' he is represented standing in bathing tights by the .side ot the Premier, who, undressed to his shirt, h standing on a rocky shore truing out over a ! trouble^ sea. The Colonial btcreury has an alert expectant look, and be is exclaim ing— 'Come, take 'em off and jump in; the longer you wait the colder it will get.' It is generally believed that in this as in most other things 'Joe' will get his own way. The Liberal* arc convinced that it will be no, and a few days ago the 'Daily News' gave the dignity of leaded type to tbe statement that unless in the improbable event of a disaster in South Africa tbe House ot' Commons would be rent to the country towards the close of September. There has been an attempt in Conservative circles to represent such reports as prema ture, but the Opposition suspect that what is wonted is to steal a march upon them, and they refuse to abate one jot of their watchfulness. What is certain is tfro tiac Liberals are contemplating the oubcotnc of the approach ing campaign with heavy hearts. Those of them who have, conscientiously no doubt, but none the kvs unpuinwiicaUy, taken the Iioer side throughout the war will almost inevitably be lett out in tie cold. l)r. G. IS. Clark, not long ago the idol of Caithness, has not a ghost of a chance. Mr. Leonard Connney has been angling for iht su(/Dort oi the Katficak, but they have declined to tage one bait, and be bos practically decided lo stand aside. 'Labor,' with all his popu larity, is not sure of his seat ibis time. A number of other adherents of the''Stop-Lhe- war' Party are meditating a prudent retire ment to avert the happening to them of worce things. For die rest the following gtcoiuy forecast has been attributed to Mr. Herbert Gladstone by a Press interviewer. Mr. Gladstone has repudiated the form of tbe report of ihe interview, but not the sub stance uiercot: — 'We arc prepared for tnt contest as much as we are likely to be. A good many constituencies will not be con tested, of course. In addition to 'khaki, tiaerc is the fact of the election being t^ken on the old register, and candidates who would be quite willing to stand if the dw Miution were postponed until next year will not gn to the expense of a content in ih«. autumn. The Tories are perfectly well aware of this, and are not likely to lose the advantage it will give them. That is one of the main reasons which drives me to the conclusion that tbe elecooa is not far dis tant. As to tibe general situation, I take the view of t&e; anonymous writer of the article in this month's 'Fortnightly.' It i.. a good article, and well worth reading.'' TJie article indulges in the plainest of plain spcakins regarding the slouzh of despond in wmen tne unerais are prangea. it aseeru that che leadership of Sir Henry Campbell Sannermann bos been tic reverse of 'help- ful to his friend?, and thai the party has not in its ranks any man of 'force and wit' capable of making destructive use of tbe irnevoos weaknesses of iiie Tories— such a* 'the opprobrium with which the Britisii Constitution has been loaded by die Prime Minister, the presence at this of all times of a cipher at the head of die War Office, he Mam lhe?ter speeches of Mr. Baliour and lis painful losses of temper and dignity in the llou«r.' Later on, with brutal can ilour, die writer points out that}— 'Upon the brink of dissolution Liberalism realizes with an involuntary shiver that it cannot escape tbe detested plunge or emerge on the ochcr side without an experience of the kind only to he described in Mr. Bright's choice of expressions as a disaster or a catastrophe.'' J'be only comfort vouchsafed is that things could have been infinitely worse had Mr. Chamberlain brought abont an appeal to the polli in July last. Then the Opposi tion would have been swept to destruc tion, but 'thanks to Lord Salisbury- the psychological moment for an unparalleled Ministerial triumph had been missed, and many Radical seats were now hopeful or even secure which two months ago would infallibly have been lost. 'If,' continue* the 'Fortnightly Reviewer,' 'the struggle could have been prevented until next spring the evanescence of democratic moods coulo have been counted upon, the influence of the political heat wave would have been exhausted, the ineradicable party habit would have revived again like ncn* gran, and Radicalism, in spite of oil iU difficul ties might have hoped for small mercies if not for success.'' As it was the music bed to be faced at once, and the prospects at the best were bad— worse unquestionably than at any other period in the whole his tory of the party. THE ELECTIONEERING CAMPAIGN OPENED. Until the die has been cost and tbe ap peal to tbe constituencies has been sanc tioned by Lord Salisbury, who even now is on his way back from the Continental retreat where for the past month he has been recking in the' intervals of Foreign Office business the repose of body and mind which he 60 much needs, no manifestos will be issued by the party leaders, but some of the lesser lights in the political firmament have been casting fitful gleams upon the situjtion, Indeed, one of the greater luminaries bos flashed out in an informal sort of way in order, it would seem, to keep die country on the straight path leading to a Ministerial triumph. In a letter to Mr. J. F.. Backhouse, a supporter of the Hon. F. W. Lambton, candidate for South-er*t Durham, Mr. Chamberlain has thus sbed a few rays upon the future. '1 shall,' says the Colonial Secretary, 'be glad 'to see one member at least of the family supporting the Imperialist cause in the House of Com mons.' Then come a few jeering remark-? at the expense of other members of the family who are prepared to support Sir H. CaropbeH-Bannerman, Sir W. Harcour*. and men of that ilk. who, it is implied, are of tho.=e opposed to the war, and a satisfac tory settlement, followed by these pregnant sentences:— 'Whatever may be said of the present government we are at least entitled to the credit of having seen from the first the importance of the issue raised by Pre sident Kmger's action, and of having de termined that that issue should be decide* by peaceful negotiation if possible, but if not, by exerting the power of the empire Our predecessors allowed the question to drift while they were in office, and since they have been in Opposition many of them have oppo;e:l the preparations which we made, nnd the whole policy of the war. I should myself seriously fear that, if by any chance they were now to return to office, they would be ready to throw away, in con nection with the settlement, the posit'on which has been s-o hardly gained, bv the sacrifices of the war. Mr. Fred Lambton's position is not open to any of these criti cisms, and is clear and consistent, and I hope that every elector who feels that the arrogant and arbitrary tyranny of the Boe. oligarcby, culminating in the invasion of Her Majestv's territories, required to be dealt with with a strong hand, will support the Unionist candidate at the polL' Speaking at Blagdon Park on the occasion of a great Conservative demonstration. S-r Mathew White Ridley, the Home Secretary referred in guarded terms to tbe approach ing dissolution, about which he confessed that he knew no more than the man in tbe street, and then gave a diluted version of what more prominent members of the Cabi net had already said regarding the incor poration of the South African Republics in the British empire, and the policy that raided the mother country m the trouble with China. Addressing a Primrose League meeting at Weston Turk, near tie Earl of Brad ford's country seat, Lord George Hamilton, Secretary of State for India, drew a con trast between the policy of Lord Beacons field and the rule of Mr. Gladstone, and panegyrized die former as illustrative of die Kgbest ideals of Imperial «lirt*wiiin ahip. 'Wbht,' he went on to ask, 'was their duty now? He agreed that there could be no doubt as to die issue of die contest at the polls, whenever k should come. The Unionist Party must win, but it would have to dojnore than wrn if it of the last half-century— the pacification of South Africa. It was necessary that die country should be unanimous. They must not have the preponderance of opinion of the community, but the mandate of a unit ed and determined nation. It was not die intention of the Government to treat the people of die Transvaal as a conquered race in a conquered country. They must be treated on the broad plbtfonn of equal riehts, and perfect freedom and equality for all white races. It was, he proceeded to urgf, useless to confide die task of settling the policy in South Africa to diose who were completely at variance among them driven as to the course to be taken. Had Sir H. Gunpbell-liannerman followed tbe adv-uv of Sir H. 'Fowler, Mr. Asquith, or Sir K. Grey he would have been die head of a 'Homogeneous and patriotic party, but he chose instead to be the chief of a party Uiat wari divided into sections, and wiUi whom he did not agre*. ttr William llarwurt, who with Lady llarvourt has been holiday making, was the other day importuned by the Middleton Liberal Association to deliver an address Inis ne' declined to do, largely because he considered his constituent* bad die first claim upon him, and because be did not wish to hamper Sir H. Campbell Banner nan by a tco early utterance of his own views. He remarked to u*te deputation which had waiii-d upon him— 'Let u» stick to the old motto of Teace, Retrenchment, and lleform.' '' Speaking at Wirrbon. die Hon. T. A. Bras sey, who with Lady Idina Brassey met with a superb reception in recognition of his ser vices in South Africa, whence he has recent v returned, expressed the conviction that the Government, if it forced on tie dissolu tion during the next few weeks, would be returned wjdi a largely reduced majority. Ail i early election would, however, place hint and those who generally supported die view that the war could not have been avoided n a very awkward position. He certainly had no sympathy with die Brummagem Im Hjnalism of Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, and le thought it would be a sreati danger to he Empire if they gave that Brummagem mperiaW another lease of bfc at die Colonial Office. 