NOVRL. CAPTAIN MOLLY. BY MARY A. DENISON. : CHAPTER XVI.— (.Continued;)" . ; . ' There's not the ghost of a chance. Now \- > < put on the the hat,' said Molly, and then :. ... stood back, lier head on one side, her . .. glance critical. Try the bonnet,' she went on, deftly lifting the pretty trifle of silk and lace. 'Ah, that's it; that aigrette was just what was needed. My dear, I hope he will see you. You've no idea how jpretty .. . . you are.' : . , . As the two girls left Paradise Flats' that evening, they met Sebastian bringing baby Bassett home. Tho child?s beautiful face lighted at sight of them, and, with n babe's quick, heavenly smile, he hold out his little arms. Koine followed, very petite, bright and delicately fair in her 1 new muslin dress, which Molly had helped her to- finish the day before. ' We've been taking a long walk,' whis pered the happy little wife and mother. ' He has not had a bad turn for a whole week — and God bless you!' she cried softly from a full-heart. CHAPTER XVII. IN THE sector's PEW. In fine artristocratic case. The chapel was brilliantly lighted, the . . congregation large. Molly and her friend were given seats m the side that formed ono wing of the chape, and Ensign Harry shrank into the corner ot the pow, as far from the glare of lights as possible. Tho chancel was decorated with flowers. On tho edge of the velvet-lined lectern stood a vaso of calla lilies, every one ,a. perfect blossom, white, massive, and fragrant. A young man clad in clerical robes eame forward. Molly felt her dress grasped hard, and knew that this was the Rev. Mr. Flagler. She had no opportunity then to form any conclusions as to his appearance, for alio felt the weight of Ensign Harry, , and feared that she had fainted. She turned. The English girl, indeed, made no sign, but Molly drew a little ulosor, obtained possession ot her hand, and thus they sat, the one nerveless and constrained, the other striving to impart her own strength to her friend. Iu the rector's pew sat two women, one the rector's wile, the other not so young, dressud in a tan colour silk and wool travelling dress, her bounet nodding witli tiny piumes, hot- small hands exquisitely gloved, in one of them a prayer book bound in old ivory. In her face there was lack ot spiritual boauty, but the correct classical outlines, tho heavy-lidded blue eyeB, and the faultless complexion be trayed a baxon origin, and the 'air aristocratic breathed from all her move ments. Molly's heart sank. She had sometimes resorted to the chapel on Sunday evenings , . with llussell Stacy, and she know which was tho rectory pow. She said to her self, — , ' That woman is rich, refined, well-born, and worldly, and she is the wife of Mr. . Flagler.' 'And the expected lecture commenced.- The hand enclosed in Molly's graBp grew cold as ice and thon trembled violently. Smooth, eloquent, and versatile, the ad dress moved on. The lecturer looked about him a good deal, a bold self- assertion in hi 3 glanee3 — or so Molly llVUgilVi- He is effeminate, ' she mused. That face, with the over-large eyes, tho small mouth, tho florid complexion, and the smooth expressionless forehead, is not the face ot a man willing, if need be, to fight for tho truth. Prospority is his God ; poverty would make him pusillanimous and a slave to tho great. I don't like him.' But now something unexpected hap pened. The man witli his sweeping glances at last took in tho pale, beautiful, serious faco of Ensign Harry, framed in the dainty stylish hat. For one second he turned wnite, swayed, and clutched at the lectern. Everbody saw his agitation, everybody wondered. _ Then he took a glass of water, wet his patched lips, braced himself anew, and went on witli hiB well-ordornd address, but not onco afterwards did his eyes wan der from tho written pago. "After all, lie must liavo loved her,' Molly said to herself, with a sad, forebod ing heart. Amid the low, decorous, murmuring swell of voices that goes along tho aisle with tho people as they loavo the temple, ono could hear the comments of the con gregation. ' Very nice, said a lady near Molly, who would have screamed at the thought of toucluug elbows with a Salvationist. ' Quito oioquont. Did you see the lady in the rector's pow ? That is his bride : this is then- wedding trip. She is very rich, — indeed, enormously wealthy, so i hear, — and a lady by title. Yes, ho . made a very lino matcii ; clergymen are sometimes quite fortunate, don't you know? Oh, yes, a little older than he, I should think But that bonnet — wasn't it a dream ? Well, bIio can afford it : she has millions.' EhBign Harry clutched Molly's arm just then. As they went out of church it was quite late and very dark. ' Don't speak to me ; don't, please, say a word,' the English girl murmured al most convulsively. ' It is all over, and I — am punished.' And then, in less than a minute afterwards,' in a voice full of anguish. 'Why, don't you talk P Oh, Molly, Molly, say something to comfort me, or I shall go mad.' ' Lot all fail if heaven fail not,' Molly made answer, in a soft, sweat voice. -' Oh, thank you, thank you,' the girl spoke rapidly. ' All has failed ! How do I know but heaven will ? Oh, Molly, he saw me !' she gasped. 'Yes, lie saw you, that was evident to me, and puzzling to tho congregation, no doubt,' Molly answered, asking herself in silence what his wife would he likely to say to him about it. 'A mist came over my eyes. Didn't he stop ?' Harry, asked. ' 'He not only stopped,' but almost lost his wits. Somebody said coining out that it was spasms of the heart : people always act that way from thntcause.' The voyage of memory !' Ensign Harry murmured. 'Oh,, no, ho can't have for gotten. And his face— what did you think of it ? Ah mo, why do I ask ?' : 'It was not the face of a high-toned 'man— I mean in the 'best senBe . of the word. He likes good dinners and flattery in moderate doses. He . couldn't preach for his life if he didn't write his sermons,' ' Oh.- Mollv f- is that vonr estimate nf fhn man I love ?' She had -not yet nerved herself to speak of his wife. ' 'Of the man you did lovo.' said Molly. ' ' It is a sin to lore him now ' that he is married.' Ensign Harry was silent- after that.' ' ' Let- me go .into- your room, dear,' .she said, as they went upstairs together. . She took off the pretty trifle of silk and feathers. As she held out her band,- a far-away look in her" face, a stirring ' blast eame from a cornet, witli the click of castanets" and the roll of the druin, as the men and women joined in singing ' Bescue the perishing.'. „ , The Salvation section marched sturdily along in the street below, on their way from some, gathering. Tears stood in. Ensign Harryls, eyes.- . Blessed' little company !' she said, her voice' trembling, ' humlilo, faithful, happy! Here, Molly ; thanks, for , your kindnesB, dear,' as she handed her the bonnet. 'Ell. never again take-off the, badge of my —liberty— wherewith Christ liath made me free.' . . : ". CHAFFEE XVIII. cousin Lucy's reign. The road to home happiness lies over small ! .. stepping- stones. ) My DEAR Molly, I saw you -lost night in St. Luke's Chapel, clothed and seemingly in your right mind. What doos it mean ? Why were you at the lecture delivered by the celebrated English clergyman P Are you coming back, to the faith? fast night you were at homo. It cannot be that you prefer the slums! Your couBin wishes you to return, Sho is lonely, (I don't re member that you ever considered it lonely here). I had. a letter from Bussell Stacy. He was in Paris, — said nothing definite as to his return-. ' Let me hear that you have , come to your senses. Isn't there a commandment in some old hook, 'Honour thy "father and thy mother' P To bo auro it doesn't say- GhAV Vlllit T n m /\1 /-"IPr i „ J I. ;-v > vAu-iiouiuiiou wjiuuyii DO, think that to. a father obedience is due. However, I don't force you. If you won't leave,' stay till you tire of them or they tire of you. ' Your Father.' Molly had often written to her father, but the 1 banker had never answered her letters. This was . the first written word she had roceived from him. The sight of Molly dressed as ho had been - wont to see her, so touched his exacting heart that this short note was the result. Lucy, his neice, had been for a time very happy in tho midst of all her finery. Whon first invited to become a habitant of her uncle's home, her delight knew .no bounds. The large, cool house, a parlour and boudoir secured to herself, seemed literally like paradiso to her. To have her own maid, plenty of spending money, and a fine wardrobo, was as near' being in a state of beatitude as she could imagine, Molly's maid stayed on because sho was confident that Miss Stanley would come back some time. She could not endure that any one should take the place of her well-beloved young lady. ' She never gave liorself no airs, she didn't,' muttered tho girl. ' Anyone could see which was the lady.' ' . Molly had doclined more than half the invitations she received to. social gather ings. Luoy accepted every one with eagerness, Consequently she was some what faded that first winter, and her uncle often waited for hor till the toast was cold. ' My deiir, Molly never kept me waiting,' . ho said now and thon, and his very soul rebelled against the edict he had given that liia daughter was not yet to come to the house. The little fool 1 the little blank fool !' lie would mutter, between his teeth,, only his profanity was very much more pro nounced. ' But she is true grit ;' and ho ended with a fit of admiration for lior conrage. Ho seldom went into society, bo ho heard but few of tho remarks of the. busybodies who pitied him and oondemned Molly in the same breath." Home, was not tho same to him now. He- was a proud man, and in his way very ronci or iUolly. Jlor stately beauty, — at least she seemed stately to him, though she was by no means tall, — lier sweet good-morning kiss,— Lucy Beidom kissed him, and he did not care for her to do so, — hor real love for him, for himself alone, — Lucy's faco beamed only when he gave hor her allowance, — hor whole graoious loveliness, in all home ministrations, were constantly in his memory. Lucy helped him on with his coat some times ; she kept his dressing- gown and slippers in tho right place; she tried to remembor what made for his comfort; but was not always successful. Molly never forgot things. Hor habits were fixed. CHATTER XIX. THE PROFESSOR'S VERDICT. The moaning of harmony goes deep. Tho "windows of Professor Andromos's musical conservatory weroopen to tlio soft breezes of tho ocean. Tho professor lived in an unfashionable quarter of tho city, but in spito of that ho was the musical lion of tho day. Everybody knew that ho clioso the place becauso of its beauty and healthfulnoss, to say nothing of the size of tho monster rooms. The professor gave instruction only in piano and violin. The latter instrument, in his hands, told wild stories of love and romance, and he was daily petitioned by- courtly dames to give lessons to their sons and daughters at fabulous rates. Opposite the house was an old-fashioned Bquare, daintily laid out with flowering shrubs, trees, and Southern plants. Iron seatB wrought into artistic patterns stood at various distanoos. On one of these resting-plaoes sat Num>.v Gartia. - The quiver of late blossoms, sent dancing by the soft air, stirred her soul to melody. Her deep, lustrous, spiritual eyes moved delighted from one floral boanty to another. Nan was neatly dressed, yet bore the impress of poverty in some curiously un defined way,. Pe.rhaps it was tho stamp that pemii-y) suffering, and self-denial had left upon her face, and that clung to her person. Her hair, abundant, . glossy, and care fully dressed, flowed in loose, short curls from under a prim little hat. Lying across her lap, the green baize bag in which sho carried . her treasure, held in place by a shapely hand, appealed pathetic ally to the passer-by, proclaiming her vocation as that of a street musician. Once or twice tho child looked opposite, up' to the window hanked and hanging with exquisite wreaths of colour, and contrasting delicately with the pearly gray tones of the great house, built over a century ago. Presently tho door of tho great mansion opened, and a young girl came out, lightly patting the head of tho stone lion that guarded the steps. ' She has a splondid dress on, like all the rest,-' murmured Nan, with a little im- patient sigh. ' And some of them come in carriages;' the went on, as a handsome equipage with glints of yellow light on the panels drove up, and the footman opened the door for his dainty mistress. .exii> liuuuiAy struma iiu uuuiiug on uuuy more : now it is your turn, little beggar.' She drew from the pocket of her dress Molly's letter, in a square white envelope. Meantimo the professor was through with his work for the day. He left the piano, where he had been busy evolving a bright sweet prelude, and stood looking into the square, his face framed in the vines and gorgeously coloured blooms that he . cultivated in window pots. ' A knock sounded at the door. 'Come in, '.he said, then in a more im patient voice, ' Come in. Don't you hear? The door opened. . The great professor stared and, wondered. Never had a creature so hopelessly plebeian crossed the threshold" before. Generally his usher, a. gorgeous creature in gold and bine, heralded the -visitor with a, card on a. Bilver salver. How came this, one un heralded P The lower door was open, sir. I didn't rinrr Knfc r»r»ofn.4ic iaft.iri fchft P.lrilr) in a frightened voice. ' Ah i I'll give Pierre the devil for this,': growled tile professor. Then, seeing the child's frightened, eyes, eyes like those of some startled, beautiful animal, ho changed his tone:,, - ' Well, well, , child, quick, what do you. want? I haven't a dime-r-no, nor a penny; but good Lord, there's a quarter — take it and go. I can't waste my time, youngster.' ' Oh; Bir; I didn't ' come' begging. Did you think I had,, to you ? I don't want the quarter, sir. I earn quarters, myself, sometimes.!;: But you see my father was a inusioianj jid I'd like to forget. ' Here's a. letter for you, sir.' The child had hardly recovered from her fright, hut ' she was a brave little thing, and swallowed, the lump that 'kept rising in her throat. This man looked so grand, so utterly out of reach, in his black silk velvet dressing- gown faced with red'satin,and the plush smoking-cap under which his grey hair curled like a boy's. His eyes were very black and piercing, .too, and seemed to look her- through and f.hrrvn ,.Vqc cIia irrna "hrn.vA courage up and tho tears down.- His pupils were generally more afraid of him than she- Taking the letter, the professor went to wards the - window, where Nan's startled, anxious glances took in all the glory' of tho .Southern .verdure. He put . on his gold-rimmed glasses, and red as follows : Dear Professor Andromos, — " ' Y ou will remember that I have been your pupil ever .since I was six years old. . That was for twelve years. ' Now I have a favor to RBk you, a very great favor. I don't know that you will care to grant it, but, ah 1 if you only will 1 ' 'Little Nan Gartia, who will hand you this letter, is a protegee of mine. I think, though a poor little orphan of Italian parontago, she is a diamond in the rough. If not, thon suroly I am no judge of precious things in human nature. She has also a ' violin that ' must be of great value, for it has been in her family, as far as I can learnj nearly two hundred years. Her great-great-grandfather played upon it, and it has-, tho appearance of extreme ago, as well as the silvery, resonant tones of a masterpiece. Pleas'o, dear professor, don't frighten the little, creature with your patrician manner, and sent word to me the very least for which yon will give her one lesson a week, .that is, if in your estimation she is worth tho effort. I liavo found her quiok, teachable, and far beyond her age in musical matters. She is, I think, gifted with remarkable genhis. ' Your friqnd and pupil, Molly Stanley.' An 1' ana a strong iaco took on a gleam of good nature as ho pulled his long droop ing moustache. ' I can't refuse what my child askB me, can I ?' He loaked up -reflectively. ' His 'child' Molly had always been from tho time he 'first looked over her golden head at tho grand piano and laughod becauso tlia little one could not reaeh the pedals. ' Ho cast a .furtive , glance at tho.Jgirl standing there. " ' Good eyes',' he said to . himself under his breath. ' -Presently he saw a solitary rear roil over rne paie Drown cneex. 1110 sight touohed him, So you have an old violin, eh ?,' he said, briskly. Want to sell P' ' Oh, no, sir. It belonged to my father,' sho said, simply, ' and my father is dead.' ' Ah, so : dead, is he ? Did he play P' ' Ho played in .orchestra. Once he was a leader, but after his long sickness he lost his place. At last. he. lied to play in the street- to support mother and me. Mother is dead too,' she went on, in a low voice. ... , (To be continued.) Italy's income from foroign visitors is estimated at £8, 000,000 a year. There ere fewer suicides proportionately in Ireland than any European country. A large hailstone cracked in twain as it struck the road jnJCentucky, during a hailstorm, and out stepped a lizard two inches long. : Asia Minor was the chief opium market until the twolfth century. Tho Chinese obtained the drug in the thirteenth contnry. Residents of England have 11110,000,000 invested in mortgages in foreign countries. These investments annually drain the foreign countries of about is, GOO, 000 in hard cash. Waves travol faster than tho wind which causes them, and in tho Bay of Bis cay in calm weathor a heavy sea fre quently rolls in on the coast twenty- four hours before the gale" which causes' it arrivesg 