An Asylum Tragedy. ONE MADMAN_KILLS ANOTHER. OCCURRED A' FORTNIGHT AGO: Not till last week,_in the Criminal Court, * Melbourne, was the faot made publio that on October 31 one patient in the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum slew another by striking him ..on the head with a billot of wood,' and that on November 1 an inquest was held by the district coroner, Mr Morrison, at the asylum, and a verdict of wilful murder returned. The murderer was Valentine Curtis Robertson, a patient about 40 years old, who was admitted to the asylum in 1896. The victim was named Fitzroy Shanks, aged 65, and was admitted as far back as 1862. From the depositions taken at the inquest there was apparently no warder present when the Killing took place. Shanks was standing at the back of the cottages at about a quarter to 8 on the morning of October 81, .waiting to go to his breakfast, when ; Robertson stole up behind him,' with a billet of wood about 2ft long in his hand, felled Mm, and battered his head with it. Some other patients ran to give the alarm, and Warder ' T. F. Duffy, Warder John M'Affey and Warders T. Murphy, from what they were told, ran to the spot at ,the_back.oLthe.cottagesV . ? In his evidence; Warder Duffy said that when he reached; the place, several other patients were standing around, and seemed excited. Watder M'Affey stated that when he arrived he found Shanks, lying on the ground, and Robertson standing by him. Robertson said ' Jesus Christ told me to do it.' M'Affey asked, 'What did you dp it with ?' Robertson answered, ' With this piece of wood.' Warder Murphy said the patient Shanks was under his care that morning. He was a quiet, harmless patient, and free to walk about the grounds-. At 20 minutes to 8 he saw Shanks lying on the ground at the back of the cottages. Robertson, who was standing by the body, did not appear to be excited, and had always seemed harmless. Mr MacBiraie, M.B., deposed at the in quest that ho was told at a quarter to 8 on the morning of October 31 that Shanks had been stack on the head a few minutes previously by Robertson with a billet of wood. He went to the place, and found Shanks had. sustained a compound frac ture of the skull, and an extensive wound on the left side of the scalp, which was bleeding profusely. The viotim never regained consciousness, and died about two hours later. The patient. Robertson had various delusions about messages which he said he received from the Holy Ghost. Some six months before he said he would kill himself, and on that account he was kept in ' 0 yard for a few. weeks and then allowed out to work in the plot in front of the yard. He was not a violent patient, and, to his knowledge had never molested a fellow patient or anyone else before, and there fore he was not considered dangerous, and did not require any special supervision. He was decidedly insane. He twice ad mitted to witness having struck deceased with the wood. Shanks was a quiet, inoffensive old man, and not likely to irritate anyone. Dr Neild found by post mortem exami nation that Shanks' skull was extensively fractured. In the Criminal Court last week Bobert son was called and placed in the dock. Mr Finlayson, Q.C., informed: Mr Jnstioe Hodges that the Crown had evidence to show that the accused was not in a fit state to plead, The jury was empanelled to decide whether the man was fit to plead or understand the proceedings against him Evidence was given by Mr Watkins, resident medical superintendent of the asylum, and Mr MacBirnie, that the man was not fit to plend, nor to understand the proceedings, nor to instruct counsel. By direction of Mr Justice Hodges, the jury found that Robertson was in sane. Mr Justice Hodges ordered that the acoused be kept in strict custody during the Governor's pleasure. When being removed acouaed exclaimed excitedly, 'It is wrong to- keep me there. I would kill all of you. It would be no sin.' 