A FEl LOW'S SISTER, ph*C*%2X& Srtttrj LA&Y; CILBERT. hlSeSsp KB vi* ai1«-rably T»5av frcrfi-yi.il fair, with jf j/~*iL ^ft rows on lior I'hceks, ftj' *if^'~r aud vi;ir»1y black ' ^*Sfcj-_ :%&!»£& \- uyod in whioh nhonc ''* -2L*'Js& ''? '''' motnont u t, ? ,,JTS!Si\ dpfinr.l gleam. Her ^JT jK- . #fe «lret». long waven ^Hf ^*^jnULJ!sr Hiitin, was hold ^***«a6wBg^^'^ back by a little f| clenched hand an she guzed intently at the door, so intiuilly that she did not hear Vho Ditmo of tho m»n who was introduced to NT. ' I fear I lun in tbo way. You aro oxpect Ingnotncono.' ' I am « .itching for Ijord Steoplechase.' ?? Ho would bo awfully flattered.' 'No, ho wouldn't. I camo here to make him fool ashamed of hinmolf— to have my tevotijK) 1' 'Oh!' 'H' nufflit our Frank lo bet ; led him to i div'nioiiou. He can got out of it because ho i»n millionaire. How dare ho meddle with ou' only boy ?' 'I don't think ho is bo bad. I know him, win ? ' '?I. do not know him. I havo never Beau hip. I don't want to know him. You are right to defend your friuud. But. ho is my onotny. Yes, he did what I havo Raid. Thcfo aro only mother and I, and Frank, and we aru poor sineo futhor died. Oh, you look at my fine dress.; but aunt gave it to me, and after to- night I'shall novor wejr it again. I ' am going home to-inorrow. I wuuld not stay in your- London to bo tho Queen, whero such tm'ngs.hnppen, and evorybody lungbe. Undo brought Frank up to London' and got him an opening for life ; and all would havo gono well only for that dotestablo Lord Steeple chsso. Frank got into trouble and lost his post', and had to bo sent away.' * 'But ? ' . 'There isn't the ghost of a 'but.' Ruin Is the only word in the lunguugo. Thoro is auutie looking for mo,' and I shall havo to go homo without Boeing Lord Steoplochase. Whiitshould I havo said to him ? Perhaps what I havo suid to you, or jvorse. Our dance f I forgot. But I am not in dancing humour. A nice thing to dance and Frank in disgrm e, and mother breaking hor heart at home I didn't cotno hero to dunce, only to ? ? QhVthnt I were a unan! Wouldn't I whip the creature or fight him. But I'm nothing but a scolding girl — not even a new ?woman. Don't sneer at them, please. They're efl--n very useful in the family when tho men turn out badly. But Ira not even good'for us much as that. I'm of the oldest of old woman-land. I don't even ride tt eyoUVfdr.motherandlhavo had to give up nearly everything to try and pay somo of Frank's debts. What wouldn't I give to bo sb'o to m»k - money and put Frank on his feet again. That monster has piles of it, and yet ? hfrcould'riot be satisfied without ruining our only buy. Here i'b auntie, and I shall havo t« saygood-night'to you.. Itwos'very good of you to hston'to my scolding, and not to be cross ubout losing, your dance. And I don't ovon know your name.' , 'My name is of no consequence, and I don't'roini the dance. I've been awfully interested in what yon'vo been Baying.' ?' I suppose you don't want to be Acquainted with finch an illtempered person. Auntie says that when I get on that subject I'm 'a perfeot shrew. And! it's worse, of course, when it's to a stranger. However, I'm going homo to tho country to-raorrow, and go it does not matter, about ballroom acquaintances and what London people think of me. AH the Bame, you'vo been very patient and kind.' ' Will you give me a spray of your flowers as a reward P A lily: of tho valley. Thanks. Most typical and sweet. I swear on this blossom to have it out with Lord Steeplechase.' 'Oh!' She is swept away in the orowd towards wo staircase Frank's raster had been three weeks at home, and the day is a. mellow day in June. Tile grass 5n the grove is lush and long, the old mossy lawn is green, the shadows of tho newly-foliagod trees are warm with the near ness of 'tho sunshine. She is dressed in calico, with a Japanese untrimmed hat. White satin; is very well in n ballroom, but the blackbirds who peck about her with their gold bills would not know her in suoh nttire. She I was tying up the Gloiro rose in anarch of purple clematis. The'pretty cottage house, with its trellises that frontthe lawn, Bhows no sign of life. She is alone, and her thoughts aro running on her imprudent xonduot at that ball on tho ovo of her coming home from London. ?' Thope you did not really toy all that to your partner, my dear,' said auntie, 'and I am thankful you did not meet Lord Steoplo ohatso.' And I had not the courage to insist on telling her all I eaid to that young man whom I did not dance with. She would have been shocked, and it was horribly bad taste — »uoh on 'exposure of our family affairs. I waa too excited' at the moment to boo it in that light.. However, as I did not catch his name, probably he did not hear mine and is quite lgnorantof our identity. I can't believe he is a friend of Lord Steeplechase — not an intimate one — he had suoh kind bine oyes, and looked sometimes so merry, and then so grave aid 'sympathetic over my troubles. It ' . is quite certain that I shall hover see him again, for nothing will induce me to return to that wicked and cruel London, and all ho knows of where I live ' in the country, ' is about as vague as Lord Dundreary's brother's address in his letter, 'America.' But if all the men in the world were only like him !' A maid oroeses tho lawn with a letter, and band's it to hor. 'From Frank !' she opens and reads. 'Dear old girl,— You will be so jolly glad to hear some good news at lost of your ne'er do-well.' Lord Steeplechase has got mo an awfully swell appointment which will make the people sit up that have been down on me. Not only that, but he has paid all my debts, because he says he ie responsible, as having been the cause of my imprudence! But don't believe a word of that, for he had really nothing. to do with it. He seems to be awfully fond of mo. To think of a follow like mo being so captivating. If I hod been a girl now j but Stooplochase never cares for girls. How he manages it I don't know, I'm sure, for there's a lot of awfully pretty ones going about at present. By tho way, ho says he met you somewhere, and he asks me to take him down with me to ? shiro, and introduce him properly. I may ask him to ' come some day, and I hopo you will receive him decently. And that reminds mo I am coming at once with a mutual friond of his \- and mine. You may expect us at any moment. Tell the mater to ohoer up.' Frank's sister folds the letter, and stands listening to a blackbird which sends forth an occasional soft whiatlo from tho flowering chestnut trees. 'It is a world of miracles,' sho rofleots. 'Lord Steoplochaso turning out our bonc fuctor. Whero did ho moot mo, I wonder ? I suppose ho was afraid to get introduced. Whoolsl Can Frank bo arriving P' Two mosoulino figures omergo from tho trees. ' Why, it is tho friond of Lord Steoplochaso whom I tolkod to at the hall. I am so glad.' ' Deur old Frank !' 'Dear old woman! How's tho mater f Did you got my lottorP This is my best friend, and also tho friend of Lord Stooplo obase.' She looks deprecatingly at tUo friend wbilo firing twtal. ,**;,,,, y ? , ? ? — ~ — ^Wt»t*/.K,r.'il' .1 ?' I hopa job hum ti.fjfoUen »U 1 said to I you tlmt night. I was unnardoiiably govern, it .neroa on a fblnl perron. ! 'W«ro you PI think not. if you oA my [ ...istilid opinion.' * ' j ' At ill evouts ttie parson In question li.v behaved nobly sinco, and this wild lioy dndnrea that I was wrong nil tho time, unH !hnt. Lord Htcoplrchnso was innocent. Up Is mi/ra ihan iunocent now, ha is horoio.' 'May I tell him soP' ' Ocrtainly. Ho has been shockingly treated — Rt least if ho know — but unless yon told him — did you?' 'I always keep my own secrots.' ' But that wag hardly your own.' ' I made it u personal matter.' 'I am deeply obliged to you. Hn has .louu wondiirf ul things for Frank. Too much,' I think. If I were my brother I would not accept, ie nil.' ' YVhat'x tlmt you are saying about m«, my lady indepondonoo f ' ' That Lord Steeplechase ought not to be allowed to pay your debts.' That's my nffair. Hore is the mater. Dour old muter, your prodigal son has come buck. Why, how pale you look, and as shnky hi- ' 'My boy, nij' boy, you have nearly killed nit;!' a ' Not a bit of it. I nm proing to make the fortune of tho family. Lord Steeplechase The mother shrieks: 'That monster— do not name him ! Only for him my son would hold an honoured position.' Frank'n sister puts hor hand lightly on hor mother's lips. ' It has all been a mistake. Frank's deeds must lie on his own head. Even he ? ' 'Evon hn !' cries Frank. 'Hear how a fellow's siBter talkn of him '.' 'Ho himself has told roe that Lord Stceplechaso has got him a fine appointment, nnd wishes to pay liis dobts, though he had nothing to do with incurring thorn. ' Unnatural girl ! You miiko little of your brother and oxtol the wretch who ? ' ' Mother, there is a stranger present. Tako hor aside and talk to hor, Frank, and make hor understand. She has been very ill, and anxious about vou. Sleepless nights havo told on her. The wliolo thing in so ontangled. First we aro told that Lord Steeplechase is a fiend, and now that he is an angel.' 'Tho fiund business was unole's doing. He jumped to conclusions.' 'Well, if the fiend has really turned out an angel — mind, we only have it on your word ? ' ' The word of a harum-scarum, but not a li- — ' ' Hush— sh ! T«ke mother round the lawn — seo how she weeps — and culm' her, arid persuade her of your good news.' 'And leave you to entertain Lord SteopleohBso ? Excellent. Ta-ta! I'm off. Mother, tnk» my arm, and let me take you for a quiet turn.' 'Stceplechaso!' Sho looks after the retreating mother and son, and then fit tho 'mutunl friend' who has drawn a step nearer to her. ' You are Lord Steeplechase f' 'Forgive ? ' 'Oh!' She struggles with her confusion for a few moments. ' You said you wero only Lord Steeple chase's friend.' 'Not only his friond. Sometimes a man is his own woret enemy. But Lord Steople chose has come to Frank's sinter to say that he feels as she wished him to feel, aBhomedof himself, for he had sbmo involp' ^jy share in Frank's delinquencies.' 'lam glad it was involuntary. Yon are older than Frank.' ' And to allow her to have her revenge,' 'How?' ' By sending him out of her presence.' ' You would bo glad to go— or you ought to be.' 'Going will bo banishment from a new-: found joy and hopo.' Silence. Then she says : 'But even if I were inhospitable you could not start at once, on so warm a day, without aoup of teat' The maid appears, bearing tho tea equipage, '? And it is so far to the railway station, and your horses must bo tired.' Ho produces, handling it very tenderly, a faded spray of lily of the valley. ' May I wear this P' Frank approaches tho tea-table, saying that tbo mater does not feel oqnal to seeing Lord Steeplechase again this evening, but sho is likely to have a good night's rest ; and then ho flings himself on the grass with— ' Hollo ! you have a taste for starvation in the midst of plenty, Steopleohase. Can't we find you a rose or somothmg to wear instead of that withered rubbish?' 