THE FUTURE OF JUDAISM IN AUSTRALIA. (TO THE EDITOR OP ''THE JEWISH HERALD.") gIR>—Mr. M. J. Solomon is apprehensive of the future of Judaism in these.colonies, and trembles at what the Australian Jew of the next generation will be. Now, if present indications are not deceiving, it is tolerably safe to predict that the Australian Jew of tlie future will be^ an honourable, upright man, carrying on the i occupation for which his natural talents fit him, mingling freely with his fellow- citizens of all creeds, and doing his very best to win their respect. He will eschew practices which in times gone by brought disgrace upon the name of the Jew, and do all in his power to show the world by his actions and his general usefulness how unfounded were the prejudices from which his race suffered for ages, and which even now are not altogether extinct. If he succeeds in all that, he ha3 done a good deal towards fulfilling his religions obligations, and certainly more than he who is awfully particular about the ceremonial, but not quite so much about the moral, laws. Mr. Solomon will very likely say : "Does all that make the Jew ? Is that all that is required of us as Jews ?" Certainly not. It is our duty to be not only good men, but also good Jews, and it is in the latter direction that our people in these colonies are sadly deficient. From my own experience and observation I am inclined to think that the Jews of Australia are neither better nor worse from a Jewish point of view than their co-religionists elsewhere. The only difference is that, our numbers being small, cases of flagrant dereliction of duty are more noticed here than they are else where, while the truly observant Jews are necessarily fewer here than in the older centres of Judaism. But supposing things Judaic are as ominous here as Mr. Solomon represents them, are the remedies which he proposes likely to make them better ? He thinks so ; I differ from him, and while he has only his opinion to fall back upon, I have on my side the experience' of all countries in which the reforms he advocates have been tried. Everywhere the reform movement has been a failure ; it has not filled the synagogue on ordinary Sabbaths, neither lias it made the irreligious or worldly-minded religions. Nowhere has the reform movement been carried further than in the United States, and yet a few years ago it was officially stated that only 25 per cent, of the Jews in the States belong to any Jewish congregation. Is the Sabbath observance better there than it is here? If so, how comes it that Sunday services have been introduced in many congregations 7 And even those services, I am told on good authority, draw more Christians than Jews to the Temple. Is the attendance on Sabbath days at the Berkely-street Synagogue in London at all satisfactory ? When I vjsited the place some years ago, I found but a poor attendance, the men being conspicuous by their absence. Where is the good effect of reform ? If I am not mistaken, there has been a good deal of experimenting even in the Adelaide Synagogue, but Mr. Solomon's letter shows sufficiently that the result has been disappointing. And it will never be otherwise. Our liturgy is not intended to make us religious ; religiosity must be present in the Jew before he begins to pray. Lay the pruning knife on our liturgy and you will drive the observant Jews from the synagogue, while yon have not the ghost of a show to bring the irreligious ones to it. Remove the Hebrew language from our worship, substitute the vernacular for it, and you break one of the strongest links which unite the Hebrew race all over the world. You may.perhaps benefit the few, but you will certainly injure the many. The Roumanian Jew lands in London, helpless and forsaken, but the moment he repairs to one of the synagogues he feels at home, and is able to join in the prayers. Mr. Solomon has some hard things to say about our prayers ; if lie only knew the men who composed them, he would come to look upon them in a very different light. Those authors were men of light and learning, whose equals few of us, if any, can ever hope to be. To lay our hands on their compositions, instinct as tliey are with fine feeling, with devotion and a consummate knowledge of Judaism, would be downright sacrilege. One of Mr. Solomon's arguments seems to me extremely ludicrous. I do not wish to be offensive; I give him credit for being actuated by the best of motives in what he advocates ; but I cannot help smiling when he tells us that the observance of the second days of the holy days is responsible for the religious apathy now existing. Will anyone say that, because he is uuable to keep the two days, he is justified in keeping none at all ? A man of common- sense would very likely argue thus : I cannot afford to observe the second day, neither is it enjoined upon me in the Scriptures, therefore I. shall not keep it; but that he should include the first day amongst the " slaughter of the innocent'' lias about as much reason in it as if a man were to argue that, because he is not in a position to subscribe £1000 towards a charitable object, he is not going to give anything at all. That would be a very good argument if it were stipulated that only donations of £1000 and upwards would be received. But when no such stipulation is'made when a charitable movement is set on foot, the argument is too thin to hide the real motive in refusing to contribute. And nowhere either in the Scriptures, or in our other books on Judaism, is it laid down than we must keep both days of the festivals or none at all. Here, again, Mr. Solomon relies on his opinion, on mere surmise, but not on sound reason, supported by experience. . ' But then are vre to do nothing to stem the tide of irreligion or worldliness 1 Far from it ! Let everybody, se t . a consistent example and induce others to follow it. But let every' well-wislier of'Judaism deprecate the idea of doing violence to our liturgyymur-'ffScred rites and observances, so that good may come from it. That would be a proceeding which Judaism cannot sanction. —I remain, Sir, yours faithfully, 25th October. CONSISTENCY. 