I JAPAN AND THE FAR EASTj " -THE JAl'AJfESB rowcY. ;' J ffltOM OUR SI'EUIAL CORRESPONDENT. r- XOKIO, 'JOtli September. ' ffivdid Japeo nt first hesitate to avail, v,Ul'f of the opportunity offered her , by 1 disturbances in Northern China- tp ' at 1 pour a rirons force into that country,, 7\. fk, «!l;e of humanity,"- and thus gain- Jdit in the eyes of Europe? The answer to this question is simple. If j,. had done so she . would have: y tho detachments of tlie other "wrs following her army into ftsin nnd having their way in the Li settlement. She would have scen-ex- ,.(( whai she has seen. She knew from L 'first that she would be effusively tliank: a but that she would not gain a reward ironortionnte to Iter labors; and Japan, it ntKt be remembered, is as.much in favor in tases of this kind ns Monsieur Jour- dain's -music master with the theory:, 'II y (nit melcr du solido." , , To prop up the tottering dynasty of the jTinchiis is a labor which the advisers die Mikado will leave to Jjgia nnd any other power which is fool- jienonsh to join ltussia in that Sisyphus- Be task. They know, "owing to their being themselves akin to the Chinese and tho- toaghly conversant with the history and terafiire of China, that the days of the Jlanchus arc numbered, nnd that, even if uintaincd by external force, they will tntber away of internal dry-rot, as the gang, Chow, T'ang, Yuan and Ming dy- pjties withered away before them. The coming people in China are tlie (binese. Japan has grasped that fact long ro, and lias acted on it. Several hundred military men from Southern China are now kinc trained 111 Tokio — were being trained, (should have said, for they all. returned to China a few days ago, ostensibly, in obe dience to the order of their qw'lijtrovcrit-, pent, .but really to assist Jajian.in -carry-! aB out certain plans. Up till tiieir depar ture they were to bo seen trainiug , dili- pntly jn the Akasaksa Ikirracks, and, tarehins sometimes at the head of the Im perial Guards— all comparing very favor ably with their Japanese comrades by reason of their superior height and build, picturesque uniforms, firm step and sol dierly appearance. Tliey are attached to the Viceroy, Chang Chih Tung,; of Han-' tow. The way in which Japan is attracting to herself 'he Chinese,, arid the , firm friend- dip which has sprung up .between this progressive Chinese of the south and her- Seelf, are significant. In lite parks and streets is( Tokio one constantly meets .fjritli Jnpan- |k military men showing the "sights" of tie city to leaders ot Chinese braves, jltere are Japanese military instructors in' f China; there are a large number of Japan-: :« students in Tien Tsin. They wear pig- itils and Cliincse"Uress, and -speak'. Mnri- idirin -fluently enough to be mistaken' ' fb'r' Celestial rustics. 31y little slant-eyed 1!) jrar old Japanese boy, who is at the ore- jant moment frislring about my room like (lis child of H which lie seems to be, is cudying Chinese at school, lie tells me, in ittder to be a merchant in China; arid jkpes to be sent there by the Government |h a few years. On my desk lies a circular ikied by the Chinese l-esidents of. Yoko- !bma, in connection with a meeting which iiey are going to hold, "in-order to- pass an important resolution concerning, the situa tion in China." The circular "states 'that' in, telegram having been received from Shan-" pai a few days ago, to the fiffect that the : business men and others in that port are ping to ask tlie Japanese Govern ment to intervene in China,- with tlio' object ot making wholesale reforms in tho administration, the promoters propose to loin in the movement, nipd to pass a reso lution to that effect. Count Okuma, an a-Primc Minister, and the Progressive tarty in Japan, have made the encourage ment oi the Chinese reformers a -leading feature fa (heir programnie-iifc wiRrfisiniit' Okuma who induced, the Japanese Governs- meat to finance linng-Yu-Wei — and though tie movement is not, of course, counten- : anced in any way by Japanese officials, it (will he, otherwise tlie Progressives and the (liberals will join hands and overthrow the presmt Cabinet — a work of supererogation, lowever, for it is at present hanging sus pended in mid-air, tlie liberals having al- : ready withdrawn their indispensable sup port from it, and the Premier, having pub- j Mr promised to resign. The financial con-! .iitiori of Japan is no obstacle!,! for. she can' nce lay her hand on iibkit 110,000,000 ;w, and, in any -case, the Jingoism of a iietuliarly Jingoistic Diet— one House quite , a bad as the other — would induce them - to joaction the wildest schemes of military jixression. There is no necessity for me jto lose time in proving tins point. Tho jlerent history of Japan is full of proofs. ! I have tried to show briefly that Japan, iwhile caring very little for the decadent jllanchus, is drawing closer to the real jjtincsc, and especially to the Chinese re- fcrniers. Ik-fore I leave litis subject 1 should jtke tff point ont'ilM't'.t'.dfeihjspiiiHon of, ,e «l»nese to- see-thefManehii -rulerk lengthened was sliown by tiieir' attitude viicn it was : reported, a few days ago, that (Bare negotiations were being opened, mid ta Hung Clmng was coming north to "jotters. Tlie press sliowed Iiow its Ittunation ran by vehemently denying this ny declaring Ihnt any attempt of the jlmncse Government to sue for peace was ,oaIy a feint "to gain tinie'for carrying out « jTip05'tio" of itsvforees! required -by ju t f Taku" and l,y finally- insisting i! .t 1,0 PO'te proposals should be ehter- iWora by tlie powers "unless the whole , tancse army between Taku and Pekin lay .town tiieir arms." t Japan is reserving tier strengtli for a Wt rW, pay her better than the TiLin , T fi T?, ?2l"press Dowager, Prince KOS wt V ,"eso Conservatives. She what no oilier nation sees, that h endous rebellion, such as will probably riiicc tlit''!f n '1Rt U',at tlie 4Torld b"s «een ftoidlv f i 1num Empire, is md 1 mmS t0 a 1,ra<1 i" the south, M she means to control that rebellion .tenure ltS„raiB,hty forces t0 Pressing' , ea ,y' on Pretence of sup- the is re'ttiT 'n|? d ris'"K Eorniosa, that Win l K rondy t "ond her troops to into Knit" S ? ready to pour them ttin ta T'l ' d cnf« in the north » the LutlT "ow l"T the /evolution is Mmf i i, ,e Pretence I speak of is . 'i y„ .transparent. Formosa :teanT,tLy,t,',0',blcd Place' '"'t ittooutsiLworiT'ln AT".!-h'L- .Wprc«ml'\i!eHbnidahT0' t1",e nsi"Ss sbe wirimitieff' r ? of treachery she "ot on her'T en "fC cye3 of Europe are lii'tcvo-lii ' a'm" ls as bloodthirsty as when oS'co0'1 With the the au!ff AVby. then; should Ves to off i m r 0 Plesent, allow tlie 'ci the ml t ial telegrams telling WeshinT fv'US neeurrcnces in her new tansnZ'r aTO tf>ld that rebeIs bave the islimPf "g a"lls and ammunition , into Li e '?m -obanghai since September Wition " rS and '4000 " rounfIs f am- !as20tli'ii,etOWtt?'-?t .Pe ;time, as: recently . ttirring of t if jar f bandit chieftains d vc/r leaders who' had been kill-' '«1 to braref ,CO,",ne t» Hf? again, and are Jrisetw ,i f y l,0ln"8- 11 does not sui- huiriel 'tri .i -0' 10 lmd tllat troops are Prise us np0 , f"nd. andjt tell not surr the Eirat 01 ? w Io to bear that; much . of countrv lf i! nnd m>l'tary activity in this Wtta r bnnnosa (is its object— l'orr are as T 1 '.U; TIie rebels in the south wili not luf ' Eett'ng ready,- and Jupan the Tim- f"' tbem,- as England did. WthTd' 1 Prepaiktio'ns munition , reoeption of 'ariua aud: am- -iopancso miMtT t0 tbcln.indi,'eetly by the >nd in -ill y nnthorities m .Formosa; instnictnHT",STlllemselve8 to be drilIe<1 and rets of 3' d"Panese officers or by offi- i" Janan 'C'fi.0yf! 1vh? hilv'e been educated jriii -fT Tbe Government of the Mikado guided I . ' ",0St Vnuecessafy 'to ; sajr, he Nvtia /ii110 ,ard n"-d fast- rules. but hasj will wisely fff ' p.la?.8 ;cJtt, :ami '..<iiy, and\ in Fnl-is« . . accrding to circumstances ' which is already another Corea. . n. jthe -ustiah jlapariq:"eiplditefsj'ari!'gping7 thm-i the, ufiual (row' hacjtak'drfi'pj ,tween Jqiiancse'saiidre and;Chinesc. briiyci -officials and', stupid 'CfiinfiSe bfiieiniftk Tho . .coming-fall of tlie Manchus and- the- triumph: of;the koiithern Chinese will plitcei n ' re, formed, progressive, pro-Japanese Govern-' .ment in power at Pekin;' and that ijone .ilill be. great -gain for. japnn. .iLor centuricsi .after,.;, 'her , tochers, rihanufaeturersj leh- girieers and .slnp,-biiilders. (tliat'arejto! lib)" inU hoTius'y hi stii-ririg up; thii Eiist, and tlie: Yellow. Danger., will -tit'- le'nglh materialise. Even -little Siani ris-to be taken .iti to the fold. The Government of King Cliuluiing- korn hat. already sent, at the solicitation-of. tlie .Mikndo, a Minister trt ; the court1 of Tokio;. -.and the. Japanese actually hope in course, of time and by Bkilfiil diplomatic "manipulation to relieve' tlie Land of tlifi1 AYliite Elephant - from the, pressure . of Franco. England has claims there, too, hut can lie induced to. relinquish thorn'- by as- sistancc elsewhere. It is nothing new, indeed, to say tliat Japanese thinkers look forward to the day when even India will awake and shake off' the Hritish incubus. I came from' India some years ago myself, and my profession brought me a good deal among the learn'cd'dreaniers. who mould the young mind of the Jap; in the Tokio Imperial University. These men did not conceal their hopes in connection with India, and questioned me often with regard to "Young India," and to the spirit of freedom which was spreading, they thought, nmong the people there. I disil lusioned them, whereon they seemed very sad; and. further experience convinced, nic that tliey represented a large section of edu cated Japanese. In tho Malay Peninsula, for instance, 1 once met with a Japanese whom I had seen before in Tokio. In Tokio he had been a clean-shaven, well-dressed, perfumed, respectable young man; in Po- hang ho wore a suit'o'f clothes that had once been white, and his linir and beard, which liad not evidently been trimmed formonths, stood up— and down— like quills. He spoke about four words of !English,; badly, but had nevertheless been sent' abroad by iiri emigra tion company in' Tokio Jtq spy out the lands- of the earth. His.salary. could not have been more than £1 a month; and incidentally he was a good specimen of the average sort of man Japan sends abroad— as a diplomat ist as well as in other capacities. I merely drag him in here, however, to record the fact that this hirsute and disreputable looking object who alwaysquartoredhimsclf on some Japanese resident in every place , he struck, ' without ever oiiee 'Offering to- pay for his keep, professed! ( with a hand pressed dramatically to his heart, and real tears, in lus eyes) to have an intense and burning affection for tlie Indians, Malays, Groalmns and other down-trodden peoples ot the rar East, and a strong desire to show tliem the way to freedom-. I laughed good- humorcdly at this sally, and immediately changed the subject, but I have often won- dpicd sijiee whether 1 should not have taken my tricnd the emigration agent more seri- pu.sly. -Under lus rough bark he was an enterprising and educated man. The Rus sian students, iv ho livent about ' horrifying am1! amusing: . -EUrbp'e '-'-irk the'-, 'time d? i otfcr ... the- Grea t must have : boen 'rather uncouth, too; and the Japanese are far' more adaptive than the Russians. I could name some Japanese who a't present occupy high positions, and are remarkably self pos sessed, gentlemanly, tactful and diplomatic, but who were, when I knew them first raw, ignorant students, who would stare at the passing foreigner with protruding head, lips and eyes, motionless upon their gcta— motionless all. save the head, which slowly' revolved as on a pivot, the pole star being Ii nre'y embarrassed strangers that had the Hat, astonished face giizing at - them whichever way they turned. j . . ,;'.'! r I. shWahl.-finallVj, jjke. tp, mention: in this' connection that there- is a-well-cditc'd maga zine in lokio, the object of which is to" se-' -euro good government, &c;„ &c.;, for the down trodden peoples of India, Siam, Ma- laysia, &c.;, &c; In fact, the movement of which 1 speak is well defined. Its aims are, however, at present outside the range of practical politics. Japan sincerely and ear- ncstly admires England; she ivishes for: England s success in all her undertakings even more than a certain section of patri otic Englishmen; and she is extremely anxi- us indeed to use England as a cat's paw in I'okien or Corea. The former is. however, the l i no o F least resistance, and Japan- will pother she is making at present about Corea is all pretence, as the slightest con sideration of the so-called Corcan "atroci ties," which have lately exejted all Japan, will at once show to be the ease." Two Coreans, one of tliem concerned in the mur der of the late Queen, return to Corea from Japan, and are immediately seized and exe cuted. One fails to see where Japan comes in here, but the fact remains that she made a great fuss about it. She said that one :of the men hail been tortured to death, and that 'the Eniperor .hnd promised the trWmr- -- iiose yeiitespptiVti\Jii-rnt1'Se!(i.ul;vnoit;,.to- tdi-jfii're' him to 'deatlC Here'tegrtm'jibrifiifailH to''seg- why 'the. Japanese: Minister cSncefncdi- him- -self about the affair at all; fm-lhe mch'lvere Corcan subjects on Corcan soil. Japan had not the ghost of a claim on them. But the press was furious, and the Foreign Office highly displeased at this judicial torture, which several Japanese doctors who had seen the bodies certified to have taken place. Mr. Sands, the American advisor, also saw tlie body, however, and said tliat no torture had taken place, and lie support ed himself in that position hy pointing to a certificate to the same effect, signed by a respectable English physician who had been allowed ; tp examine tho ,corpscs . hiimitq1y;:;.;! 'ffijjp'JAjtaykriijWie-,;: ! Japanese ' Jrh'et this- strH'ngwobuffiin ehnract'evistio: -On .the -.principle that "even, a lie, when thrice repeated, was .enough to overcome the doubt of the mother of Sung,'.' they hurled the wildest and liiost iiPiirobable charges nt Mr. Sands, saying "that' "lie' had instructed certain foreign doctors to give evidence con tradictory to that given by the Japanese doctor concerning the alleged torture of 'An: tliat. he entertains a great jealousy of Mr. Oliobei Onliwa,' M.P., sunerintendent of the Corcan railway office; that he is collecting about him notorious Coreans; that he is de sirous of pushing. the "interests of his' coun trymen in the peninsular kingdom"; finally, that "he played a principal part in the mur der of An and Kwin." I have given too much attention, perlmns, to this incident; but. whatever the reader may think, I cannot help suspecting myself that the whole imbroglio was got up by Japnn for the purpose of withdrawing atten tion from the direction in which she was really working. - .Since tlie above was written .the expected lias happened. Troubles liavo arisen in Amovj a Japanese temple has been burned, and Japan has landed marines, and was pre paring to land a strong force of troops, when, the nowcrs peremptorily forbade lier. But lier chance will soon eomc. , 