THE BOER WAR FEELING TOWARDS THE BOERS ON THE CONTINENT. (Special Correspondent interviewed.) GENERAL FEELING ON ABOVE. Without hardly an exception the feeling on the Continent, aye, I might add, the whole civilized world, except England and her colonies, is very anti British. The people openly say that the war is not one for securing similar rights and protection to English sub- jects as other nationalities' enjoy, but for the purpose of annexing the rich : gold and diamond mines, .in which: Chamberlain, C. Rhodes, and' H.R.H. the Prince of Wales are so deeply concerned. These are strong words, but I am simply reiterating what thousands of mouths in restaurant, cafe, on train,and abroad have told me. Wherever one goes he hears the same tale. The papers; too, are very strong on that point, and go as far as to say that ever;asting shame must rest on England for her present bloody deed on the battlefield—the butchering of poor Boers and thier wives who . are so nobly defending their own country —their everything they have. HOW ARE THE FEELINGS OF THE NATIONS TOWARDS; ENGLAND ? Italy is not quite so bitter as many others, but every now-and then the papers show that sympathy is not with Britain. Portugal and Greece have, if anything, most friendship for England, whilst Russia, Austria, France, Germany, and of course Hol- land and Belgium, seem to he most severe in their criticisims, and although the Soverigns are strictly neutral footing, it doesnt not represent the feel- ings of the people. Not long ago a scene of the Transvaal war was played in a Russian Circus at St Peteresburg the Czar being among the 10,000 spectators. On its conclusion the audience rose en masse in sympathy for the Boers, and turning to the Royal box shouted, "Father, why don't you send them help." In many States subsrcirption lists are opened and liberally subsrcibed and sent from Amsterdam to the Boer quarters The Americans, too, are, as a rule pro Boers. They consider the war un just and in fact, many were in sympathy with the Spaniards in the late war, so that, in their opinion, was unwarranted. - It is well known that Chamberlain is not held in the best of terms by the Americans.. The National Democratic Convention,- which -meets in the beginning of July, will un doubtedly past a resolution favorable towards some American intervention for the benefit of the Boer. It is considered probable that McKinley has placed his seat in jeopardy on account of his too friendly relations towards England. The present can- didates for Presidential honors have to say whether they are for or against the Boers, and their reply will greatly influence the electors. From New York, April 8th, it is reported" The late successes of the Boers hare not failed in making their impression on the' numerous friends they, have in America, and since the last English disasters the agitation in favor of the. Boers in. North America. haS become more livelier than before,' and the question, 'If for or against the Boete.' wil^ as is upw shown, with undon^^Mear^m, play a decided role in thW'Voting campaign. ' That the Democratic Ibrtv-arer whol 1 v Boer sympathisers, and towards England especially^., jso.. far .as/ represented by Mr. Chamberlain, are bitterly opposed, IB already known./ Ib/is interesting to note, however,.' first: "the number of leading Republicans, whohave now commenced' J openly their sympathy for the Boers,Jras in creased enormously during the last few days. The example of the Under-Secretary for the Interior, Mr. "Webster Davies, who, as will be remembered, resigned hiB position a few days agp,hecaiise he observed "that the attitude of the American Government towards Eng land; was too 'friendly and favorable, has gained the approval of a large number bribe Republican Party, and is even drawing "daily some of the highest American office-bearers to him. It can alr?ady-now be cansidered as certain that the' Democratic National Convention, which meets in the be ginning of July, will -pass a resolution to demand an energetic; intervention by the American Government in favor of the Boers. It is already announced as an election cry that every citizen who has still a wish " for right and freedom muBt vote for the Democratic candidate, and. that McKinley, on account of his friendly feeling to wards . England alone, must not be allowed to he elected: again. This election cry is raised at' an ex ceedingly opportune time, and causes among the ' -Republicans no little auuei^ uecauBG au oioennceresis are for the moment pushed aside by the question, I' f for or against the Boers?' and the groat majority of the voters is deciding for the Boers. Mr. Webster Daries held in the Opera House at Washington on the 7th of this month the first of his announced addresses about the war in South Africa, and it was an immense success. Already several days before it was impossible to obtain a seat in the Opera House, and on-the . evening of the address the Opera House saw one of the most in terested assemblages it has ever wit nessed. The reserved places were al most all occupiedby tbe highest officials of the government, represen tatives of the foreign embassies, re presentatives of Congress, and the American Parliament, and the crcme of American Society." We all know that the feeling in England itself (Ireland especially) is rery mixed with regard to tbe war. A telegram from London, dated April 18, states tHafcjustlikethe Socialists, so did tbe Trades Union issue a mani festo ajgainst the war in the Transvaal. It is" signed by 85,000, and: declares it to be a he that the war in South Africa was the outcome to secure free dom and right for the English working men who were engaged in tbe Boer States* " English Protestant notices against the war.—London, 18th April (pri vate)—' As from the English Socialists so also from the Trades Union a mani festo against the war in South Africa has appeared. This manifesto is covered with 85,000 signatures and declares as a bold infamous lie that the war in j South Africa was undertaken for the j freedom and right of the English | workmen employed in the Transvaal. HOW" no THEY SHOW THE IB FEEI/EN GS ? Whenever success has crowned the Boers this bit of news is printed in dark type, and extra leaflets are issued and sold at one penny each:— " Also. an attempted . break through of- the hemmed in kaffirs in "Mafeking failed' completely. Prom Pretoria on 7th April Reuter reports: —It was stated that on the night of the 5th of this month a large number of armed kaffira were successful in breaking through the Boer lines around Mafeking. The Boers, however, pur sued them and surrounded them in the bush. After a long shooting with Nordeafeldt guns, the Boers stormed the bush and killed 31 kaffirs, who had : offered a stubborn resistance. Every where there are British non-successes, and while we are writing these lines comes the news of a new glowing sue ces of the Boers. . The telegram-reads:: —.London, 11th April (C.T.C.) — ] "Dooly News announces from Pretoria j 'on. * 9th April officially—600 "British j hilled-and wounded, 800 prisoners, in » new battle on 7th . April south of Brandfqrt. Other news-whicli has Reached London'-announces "from Bder sources confirming the ^victory of the; Boers and names the place of battle as Meerkaafontein. The victor is DeWet.' The hcene of-this new Boer-victory is impossible to fix accurately from the above telesram. DeWet is oDeratino-. we know, south arid south-east of Bloemfontein, while Brandforfc lies north of Bloemfontein on the railway to Eroonstadt.- -: The Neva York Herald locates the fighting place "in fheneigh borhood of Meerkatsfontein, in the south-east of Bloemfontein; but this place is not to be found in the special war map before us. The announce ment in the Paris issue of the New TorJe Herald, which has just .has been telegraphed to us, says:— "Paris, 11th April (private) — The Hew York Herald advises from Pre toria.—General DeWet continues his operations in the south-east of Bloem fontein. laiBt higbt he defeated' -the British near Meerkatsfontein. He took 900 prisoners and caused heavy "losses "to the enemy, r The remaining British fighting power has commenced the retreat to Bloemfontein. The column under DeWet. has during the last;week engag^ the British^in two battles, and taken 1,800 men from them. - Seven- cannons" and a large amountnf ammunition have fallen into ; the hanjls of the,Boers." "There can be ho doubt "about the truth of those -official announcements from Pretoria. The Transvaal Go vernment has always, in pleasant "contrast to the":; > -official 'J, war correspondent"-" of the British, insisted. that r. - their accounts shall be completely in accordance with truth and facts, and therefore their reports have never been punished as lies. The' whole of the -friendly pro-Boer world may therefore rejoice >at'the brilliant victory of the hrms nuderthe gallant DeWet, which is a hew sigh that now, after the death of the -honored and personally gallant and perhaps over-careful Joubert, a new spirit has arisen in the armies of the federation, which now shows itself in daring offensive actions. '' Good luck!—K. ■ ' " That the French political carica ture which our readers could have ob served from small extracts which we have already published is 'nothing holy'has-naturally, not allowed the at tempted assassination 'dpf the Prince of Wales in Brussels to go by unobserved and the well; known caricaturist of the journal •- La Patrie" has taken off the attack on the Prince in an original manner, as he puts the following words in his mouth—' What luck for me ; now, nobody can say that I have not been through fire once.' " The editor generally concludes with a word of praise, such as "Good Luck!," "Well Done!," and "Biavo," and so on. The British failures are ridiculed in the extreme as also the re-calling and re-arrangement of the officers, and the comic papers and illustrated newspap ers " take off," as we Si these items. I have seen a large number but can just recall these;— Cronje is represented standing on Spion Kop and with a huge brush is brushing off the English who are flying in all directions. Another good one has "a Tittle "pathos in it—Cronje is standing on St. Helena with his arms folded, meditating and overlooking the ocean. Suddenly the ghost of Napo leon arises before him and -exclaims, "What, another! Has not my incar ceration on St. Helena brought enough shame on England! " The feelings are so strongly pro Boer that shops on the Continent, one finds them in every nation, have for sale photos and pictures of Cronje, Joabert, Kruger, etc., and these adorn tlie walls of numerous households. You can further ■ buy Boer flags, badges, their national song, colors, etc., made up on brooches, pins, etc., some being very expensive. (I enclose a cheaper one.) ' The national colors, of-course, are red, white, and blue, with a green stripe at the side, and these, as well as the above, are worn by people of both sexes. Picture post-cards are also issued galore. I have given you two. The one shows a Boer taking away Ladysmith and an other wheeling a wounded Briton to Pretoria, whilst John Bull is fuming on the other side of the water. The other card is addressed to President, Rruger himself, and I suppose he has a good number by now. It contains the figure of Liberty (evidently) wav ing a wand of success and glory o'er the weapons of the Transvaal Re publics, the national colors being at the side, having suitable Biblical texts I printed in green below, and the words —" For our braves in real admira tion." This is signed and dated in spaces allotted for that purpose, and despatched to Oom Paul. In such ways the people show their sympathy, and not only the older folks, but school children take deep interest in the Boer successes, and eagerly devour and dis cuss every item of news concerning them, cheering lustily when some great deed has favoured the Boors (To be continued in our next issue.) 