The First to Fall.* (NEW; SOUTH WALES LANCERS.) Around' the kopje's silent heights the ghost-like vapours clung, Tbe hornbd moon in rain-clouds draped on the horizon hung; Tbe jackal gaunt still roamed the veldt, the lion's roar was near, And many a beast in Boor atookyard crouched down in dread and fear. In death-like silence slept the kloof beneath the mountain's gloom, Where all day long at intervals was heard the oancona' boom For every ledge for miles around was Bet with deadly snare ' 'x. Of rifled guns and riflemen that silent waited there. Now Dowling takes his scouts in hand, and leads them down the slope, 'Tie Btill bo dark that thro' the maze, thoir way thoy bave to grope; ' ' ? But they are mon who many a time o'er, oountry worso than that Traoked ox and horeo through sunless busb, o'er, ridge and boggy flat. At length the eun rose in the oaa bayoni th Indian main, And bathed with orient glory tho neighbouring mountain ohain ; The scene to them familiar was, then tender thoughts did come Of Snnny South and gum trees tall, and creeper mantled home. i All day they roamed about tho hillB, through many a kloot between. But keen tho watch and close tho seoroh— no skulking Boor was eeon ; ' We'll not go back I' tho louder oried, ' till we have bagged some game, ? Spread out, my luds, and try thoso hills— no risk, thoro ia no fame 1' Ah, foolish words, lighfc-spokon then— the kopjes were alive With lurking Boor behind each rock like angry swarming hive ; But the watohful spearmen dreamed no foe, thoy thought their task waB done; And, wistful, turnod their heat-tlrod oyes towards tho sotting sun, But, as tho suddon thunder oldsp strikes on the tranquil air, Or tiger'a roar in jungle dark proolaitng the droaded lair ; So all at onoo tbe rifle's orash foil on tho Btartlod ear, . . And around tho kopjeb' barren heights re-oohoed far and ufcar. They're, trapped, —a gallant stand they make, thoy fight an unBoen foe, And Griffin falls, shot.throngh the head; Kilpqtriok is laid low : j Tho rest they flso or prisoners aro— how galling to tho brave— A captive baud iu Boor's ooarso hand, just like tho Kaffir slave. ? 1 Now darkheSB oroops aoross tho pluln, and up the kopje baro Two prostrato forms — the dying, dead— aro soon half outlined there i ; Tho dead now paub' all human pain, tho living worso than dead— Tbe Binkiag Lnncor all alone, who for his oolours bled. ' Ab, God! what night was that to him, what tor tures did bo bear — Tho thlrot, tho swoon, tho madd'ing pain, tho oruel, biting air | ? ' Tho droam of home, where gum treos .grow, the sohool,' the boys ho taught, ? Tho orloket pitch, tho football ground, tho bay whoro sailod the yacht But, waking from a deadly swoon, ho ' on the dry sand trasod ?: u ? With trembling hand tho ono word, cold, then oalm hia fato ho faood ; ' . . : . - And oho lanoe less, at next roll call, made miny a oomrade sigh, , . As ho thought of a homo. by gum troo bluo, beneath ' a oloudleaa airy, '. ; s But misty years of timo to come shall frosh tho story tell, ? i And bow tho Laooor fought and bled, and for hid country fell ; , , How Austral's boob with ouo acoord, all through that bloody soono, Laid down thoir lives, liko Spartan brava, for Empire, Homo, und Quoen 1 '' Antntfa jfrnnnis. Italia, Raymond Terraco. , . ' ' #Lanoo-oorpornl Kilpatrtoir, killed at Bensburg, lGth January, 1000. Ho' wria an assistant toaoher in tho sorVioo of tho tkepiirfmonb' of Publio Instruc tion, His ago at tho time of hia death was twonty Six. ? - . A. F, j 