OUR SUNBEAM BOOKSHELF. A good book and a loving friend, Are sunbeams ever until life's end. SHELF I. "THE TREASURE-SEEKERS," by E. Nesbet. Perhaps I cannot give you a better idea of this story, or rather book of stories, than by letting you see for yourselves how it begins. "This is the story of the different ways we looked for treasure, and I think when you have read it you ^ill see that we were not lazy about the looldng There are some things I must tell before I begin to tell about the treasure - seeking because I have read books myself, and I kuow bow; beastly it is when a story begins, 'Alas!' , said Hildegarde, with a deep sigh, 'we must look our last an this ancestral home'—j and '•hen some one else says something — | and you don't know for pages and pages 1 where the home is, or who Hildegarde is, or anything about it. Our ancestral home is in the Lewisham-road. It is semi-detached, and has a garden, not a large one. We are the Bastables. There are six of us, besides father. Our mother is dead, and if you think we don't care because I don't tell you much about her, you only show that you do not understand people at alL Dora is the eldest, then Oswald, and then Dicky. Oswald won the Latin prize at his preparatory school—and Dicky j s good a± sums. Alice and Noel are twins — they are ten, and Horace Octavius is my youngest brother. It is one of us that tells this story—but I shall not tell you which—only at the very end I will. While the story is going on you may be trying to guess, but I bet geou don't." : . Now, I am not going to spoil sport by I telbng, but I thank you wall guess after a-1 hUe. J think, too, that the littie forgetful I „f ti._ + jipr Jt nn}v a3d c.- 1 "I tne teUer 01 the stones omy aad ^ Vou may imagine thait six children left pretty well 1» themselves get into scrapes. The idea that thev must hunt for treasure „ 'restore the fallen fortunes of the hoinse of Iiastable" only helps to add to the originality and variety of the said scrapes. At a conncil of war at which Oswald suggested that they should be highwaymen, or, if that wouldn't do, to rescue some one from deadly peril, "then he would torn out to be the Prince of Wales, and lie would say—'My noble, my cherished preserver! Here is a million pounds a year. Rise Sir Oswald Bast able.'" Alice suggested a divining-rod. "You hold a stick in TOUT hands, and when you come to where there Id the stick locks about. So you know, ami you dig." H. O. (Horace Octavius, said "Let's be bandits!" Noel's plan was either to "print his poetry in a book and sell it, or find a Princess and man-v her." Dicky called attention to an advertisement in tlie paper "telling you that ladies and gentlemen can easily earn, two pounds a week in their spare time, and to send two jhillings for sample and instructions." He had another plan, he said, but would noi say till he had thought it out. Dora's idea was to dig for treasure. "Not any tiresome divining-rod, but just plain digging." So, as she is eldest, digging for treasure is the first plan tried. They dug in the big round flower-bed in the garden, and persuaded "Albert—next-door" to help. Albert—next-door wore frilly collars and vel vet knickerbockers, and did not particularly want to dig; but came over the wall in response to urgent invitations to "come along," and was kept at it. They dne down, then'tunneled to the side, unfortunately. for him it was Albert—next-door's turn ' to tunned when the earth, fell, but luckily he had refused to go, in head firtfc. His uncle who had been to sea, but now wrote books, and who understood better than most grown-up people, had to come and dig him out. He said that in all his experience cf buried treasure he had only known one coin found, and that was hal f - a-crown. Strangely enough he found two half-crowns in the hole when Albert, ne^tdoor, had been pulled out. Of the other stories I will not say much I like "Good Hunting" when Oswald and Nod take Noel's poetry to London and they made friends with a lady in the train because H. O. said "Good Hunting!" as the train started, and she said she was pleased to meet people who knew the jungle book. And it turned out that she wrote poetry torO. It was mention ing her name to i.he editor that made him—but I said I was not going to tell. Noel's Princess is charming. The hunt after the witch bear (Noel) the wall with the open door—the little girl sitting primly in the chairi ' We heard her say to Noel— "Who are you?" Noel had fcjrgotten about the bear, and he was taking his favourite part, so be said:— "I'm Prince Camaralzaman." The funny little girl looked pleased. "I thought at first you were a common boy," she sail. Then she saw the rest of us and said:— "Are you all Princesses and Princes too?" Of course, we said "Yes," and she said— '"I am a Princess also." She said it very well too, exactly as if it were true. We were verv glad, because it is so seldom you meet children who can begin to play right tfff without having everything explained to them. And even then they will say they are going to "pretend to be" a lion, or a witch, or a-king. Now, this little girl just said— "I am a Princess." '"Let's get away from the windows," said Dicky. '"If you play near windows, some one inside generally knocks at them and says 'Don't. " Kie Princess had been forbidden to walk off the grass, but Dicky found some more grass behind the shrubs, with only a gravel path between, -and they carried her across so she might be able to say she had not walked, and they asked her her name. "And she began, and when she began she went on, and on, and on, till I thought she was never going to stop. H. O. said she had fifty names; but Dicey is very good at figures, and he says there were only eighteen. The first were r*auline, Alexandra, Aiice, and Mary was one, and Victoria, for we all heard that, and it end-cd up with Hildegarde Cunigoude something or other, Princess of something else. When she'd done, H. O. said, 'That's jolly good! Say it again'.' and she did; but even then we couldn't remember it. They talked, and taught her to play cross touch, and puss in the corner, , and tag; and she was beginning to look less like a doll when people in authority came, and the little Princess (she was a real Princess it turned out), was carried off kicking and screaming, but glad to find that she had played with common children for once, and they, the Bastables, went home and made dripping toast for tea. They tried being bandits, and editors, and rescuing some one from deadly peril—that was their dog Pincher—only they had to set him on first, and the rescued party found out and was not properly grateful, and they tried answering the advertisement, and making patent medicine, bat not with success. I like better the story where they pretended there were burglars, and went downstairs and dashed into the study crying, 'Surrender! surrender, or I fire,' and there really was some one there—a man on the hearthrug with a screwdriver in his hands." You will like the children, and Albert's uncle who wrote back books and talked like them, but could pretend beautifully. Some of the scrapes are, perhaps, impossible, but the children's talk and ways are delightful. Tiparra, August 29. Dear Magpie—First of all. 1 must congratulate Miss Edith I Fitzpatrick upon her success; but I wish there had been more competitors. Some of the books I have *read since my last letter are "Joint Guardians," by E. E. Green. It was splen. did. I hardly think any one could be as perfect as Kingsley was, and when be died ic seemed oniy natural that he 6hould pass, quietly and peacefully away. Dady Tempest was the only person I really disliked; she was so worldly and scheming. It was no wonder Hilda and Montague so bitterly resented her coming. "Friends or Foes," also by E. E. Green, was a lovely book; the characters were so life-like. "A World of Girls," by L. T. Meade, is a splendid story of life at a bop-ding school. I thought Annie Forrest a splendid girj while Hester Thornton's sneers about the ''underbred girl", and her conceit rendered her rather despicable. "From Log Cabin to White House" reminds us that Lives of great men all remind us, We can make our lives sublime; And on parting leave behinds us, Footprints on the sands of time. "A Genius Unsuspected," by E. E. Green, was a very pretty story which I read in a magazine. "A Forgotten Link," by M. A. Hoyer, was a very nice book, quite pleasant and homely. "A Shabby Genteel Story,'* by W. Thackeray, was just lovely and very amusing. I have just finished reading "Marley^s Ghost," and I liked it very well. I would like to -mention more, but feel sure that T will tire you, so I conclude. Wishing the "Bookshelf" in the future everv success, I remain, yours very sincerely, MARY CURRAN. We will hope that there will be more competitors for the coming competition By<"Marley's Ghost" do you not mean "The Christmas Carol" by Dickens—or has part of it been published under another name? Have yotf read "Dr. Birch and his Young Friends" by Thackeray, or that delightful nonsense story "The Rose and the l£ng?" Do not be afraid of tiring me—write again about* those other books. "Portana," September 13. Dear Magpie—I would like to join your "Bookshelf."' I have read a good few books, so I'll tell you of some. "Sweetheart Travellers," by S. R. Crockett; I liked Sweetheart best, she was a little thing. I have read three of Ethel Turner's books, "Family at ^Misrule," "Seven Liille Australians." "Mias Bobbie." Poppet was my favourite at Misrule, and Judy in the "Seven Little Australians," and in "Miss Bobbie" Suds. What a queer little fellow! he was. Bobbie was a nice little girL I read "Uncle Tom's Cabin," by Mrs. IL B. Stowe. Eva was a nice girL I liked Uncle 1,riD Tom; e Legree was very cruel to him. So I will K i v ^ n ^ r ™ ™ "j™"^ rcmaill A (aee E year ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ a * By ail means join the Bookdielf. Yes, I like'all the books you mention. If you go in for the competition on "My Favourite kind of Book and Why" I fancv your ans-wer will be "Australian Stories." Is my guess right, or would "stories of small children" be nearer the mark? By-the-way— might it mot hawe been better to say "a j^od many" than "a good few?" This first ' letter promises well—write again soon. Portana, September 13. Dear Magpie—I am writing to ask if you would let me become a member of your "Bookshelf." I am very fond of reading, and take a great interest in your letters every week. "The Seven Little Australians," "The Family at Misrule," "A Little Larrikin," and "Miss Bobbie," by E S. Turner. I liked Bobbie and Suds bc6t out of "VifS Bobbie." Wasn't Suds a funny little fellow? And how he .found Bobbie out with his fowls. "Sweetheart Travellers," by S. &. Crockett Sweetheart was a dear little girL How die used to like riding on the tricycle with her father. "Good-by," by John Stxange Winter, was verv nice. "Vermont Tale" and "Beatrice Melton's Discipline," by Maud Jean Franc. They are lovely books. I have only read two of her books. "Tim's Troubles," by M. A. Paul; "Cords of Love," bv M. E. Clements; "Bab and His Friends," by' John Brown; and "A Loyal Heart," by M. Andrew*. This aH were vert good tradcc. "On. stmt-ir Wings," by E. Lister. It was very nice. I liked Maud Meville very v.-eU, she w^p a Western Aus- JP rl '. Heavenward," by Mrs. E ! " Prentiss, S a nice book. Now, Magpie, I don t thjj3k j liave any more boots books worth telling you about. Oh, I forgot to tell you that I read the scoiy by Ethel Turner—"The Three Little Maids" —in "The Observer." It is very niee. Now I must draw to a close. With every good wish the "Bookshelf," I remain," yours truly, GLADYS TELFER. I am 10 years and 3 months. Certainly you may join the "Bookshelf." I am glad to welcome you as a new member. So you have read "Sweetheart Travellers." Is it not delightful—the thorough understanding between the father and his little girl and the breezie outdoor atmosphere of - c it all? "Bab and — J Tr; His - Friends,' too. You are the very first, I believe, who has mentioned any of Dr. John Brown's writing. Is it not a most charming, touching little story, and do you not love honest old Bab? Dr. Brown was always at his best, I think, in writing about dogs. Now. you have joined the "Bookshelf," why not tp r what you can do in the next competition. I do so want the Shelf L to do as well as Shelf IL Prospect S.A., September 5. Dear Magpie—Enclosed please find my application form for membership of the "Observer Reading Club," and twelve stamps, my contribution. Although I have not taken to solid reading yet, I should like to be a member of the club, and read what others have to say about different books. I will not make, any suggestion in regard to the club, as* I will leave that to the older and more experienced members. 1 have read several books lately, among which are;—* 'Grace Hamilton's School Days," by E. J. Worboise, which was an enjoyable school tale. "A New Girl," by Mrs. Gellie, "was another good school tale. "The Wide Wide World," by E" T. Wetherell, I did not care for very much. "The Hunter and Trapper in North America," by W. H. D. Adams, was a splendid tale of adventure in my opinion. It taught me of animals I had never heard of before and gave me an insight as to how some of them were trapped and caught. Hoping our Reading Club will meet with the same success as the "Bookshelf," I remain an interested member, TRIX SOLOMON. I am very glad indeed to hear again from my very first "Bookshelf" member, and 1 am sure the other "Booksheliites" will be too. Write again whenever you have time. I do not,want to lose touch with my first member. MAGPIE. "THE OBSERVES." BEADING CLUB I have revived from Mr. Adams, Hon. Secretary of the Library Association, the following letter:— "Dear Magpie—On October 10 next Professor Morris, of the Melbourne University, will deliver a lecture cm 'Captain Flinders' in the Elder Hall of the Adelaide University. This will be in connection with thp Library Association's meeting. The subject is one that, should be interesting to ths readers whom you are encouraging so ad; mirably to make a study of the hikrory of our pioneer navigators. I shall be happy to supply you with tickets for any of your friends who may wish to attend this lecture. —I iTij ,T. E. G. Adams, Hon. Secretary Library Association." Now, this seems to be the very thing we want "The Naval Pioneers of Australia" is the subject for October, and to us South Australians Matthew Flinders is perhaps the most interesting, for with the exception of a few miles to the west touched by an old Dutch navigator in the 17-th century, and the southernmost part near Mount Gambier seen by Grant, Flinders was th very first to trace the coastline of what is now South Australia. Then his own story is .interesting. The energetic enthu siastie middy, who volunteered for service in Australia £rom love of adventure, explored the iittle-known coast of New South Wales and Tasmania in an open boat, and then, when he had had command of a ship, traced the southern and northern coasts, and been wrecked, lie tried to reach England in a small vessel, but had to put in to Mauritius, and was then held prisoner for years. I am sorry* the country members cannot share in this, but if any Beading Club members or Bookshelf members who wish to go will send in their names to me I will procure tickets for them. MAGPIE. 