IIAMLET. That Shakespeare does not always spoil ruin to theatrical managers who stage his plays was demonstrated by the crowded house at the Alexandra lost night. Tho piece was Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, Mr Dampier appearing ns the Royal Dane, ami the production was followed through out by that sympathetic interest and loyal appreciation lo bo expected from a Mel bourne audience. Shakespeare, happily. Is still- a name to conjure with In the Queen City of the South; time docs not wither nor custom stale his infinite popu larity In English-speaking communities; Und It Is to be hoped tlint managers like Mr Dampier, who occasionally recognise the claims of the Slnkcspcarc-lovlng public, will meet with an abundant re ward, such ns was accorded to the Hamlet production at the Alexandra last night. It may be said that the gallery was somewhat out of touch with the Immortal William at times during tho progress of the plccc, hut that, after all, is only an other way of tuylng that It was an average, everyday gallery, and had not been educated quite tip to tho classical standard. But it must bo admitted that any little jokes occurring in the text were fully appreciated by the gods, and that the ghost and combat scenes In the tra gedy were rapturously applauded. Mr Dampler's Interpretation of the pirt of the melancholy Dane gave general satis faction; his soliloquies were admirably Fpoken. and his acting throughout was excellent. Miss Rose Dampier was n pleasing, natural Ophelia; Mr W. How-d Smith a capital Horatio, and Mr John Fordo a delightful Polonius. Tho other members of the east acquitted themselwa with credit, albeit there was In certain quarters a disposition to "Intone" the ser vice. The piece was well staged, the scenery hy Alia and the mechanical effects by Mr Fletcher being worthy of the occa sion. To-night the fete day of St. Patrick will be celebrated at tho Alexandra by the pro duction by Mr Dampler's company of The Three Musketeers, Mr Alfred Dampier hiking Uii! part of D'Arlagnan, and Miss Lily Dampier that of Mlladl. The scenery and effects have boon arranged In lavish style, und In these warlike times tha?e such essentially martial personages ns the Musketeers should draw a crowded house. 