SHORT STORY. 'IB MUVOO.' I 'God's iu Heaven, and aB it well.' Ttro long dnw^it coded with a cloud burst m tine Western mounteins, whioh tore a now slide dmvn ?tie flank of Jjyttx Peak and soaared tbe gilded dwue from summit to base. Hen dtonn followed storm, buret iag itihrou^b itfoo mountain notch and sweeping (frte river into tlie meadows, trihere 'tihe faavoocks were al- I ready aflota't and tlie gaunt mountain cattiod floundered bdShvriag. The stage from White lako arrived at noon 'whib rtflie fniaj, find 'tin? driver walked into tlbe powt-offioo and slammed the swaktng mail-sack on the floor. 'Gracious!' said the little postmis tress. 'Yoj 'in,'' said tSic stage-driver irrele vantly; 'tihem letiters is wetter an' I'm maddur 'n a swimmiji' shanghai! TJp-' sot? Yom 'in — in tinow Brook. Road's bwu-&, ooeadden is flooded, an' tlie water's a-wwsbin' am' ar^lodun in tlwm there gsdodh^s.' He vaved one foot about oareleBs/ly, (scattering muddy spray, fchoii bakwtoed himself alternately on heels and (toes to bear tiie waiter wheeze iu liis drenched boats. 'Hicro must be a hole in tlie mail poudh,' said the -pobt-uirttiress in gontle (list«Bs. Thera cortarinjy was. The letters were soaked ; the wrappers on newspapers and parro'jt had ibecomo detached ; tilie in terior of the Government's i nail-pouch rowjmMod itho prduninary stages of a paper-pulp vat. Bust the post-mistress worked so diligently among the debris fliatt by one o'clock she had sorted and placed in scgiarate numbered boxes every letter, noiVBpaper, and pared, save one. That -wan a letter directed to 'Janus Helm, Esq., Xauvoo, via WJiite Lake' ; and it was wot, aajd the gum that staled it -was so dissolved, tHiat the postmistress decided to iplace it between blotters, pile two voliKn&i; of Government agn cidrtural reports on it, aud leave it until dry. One by one the population of Xauvoo came dripping into the poit- office for the mail, than slopped out into the storm again, umbrellas couched in the teeth of 'the wind. But James Hetin did not come for 'Ms 'letter. Tho little porftflnistiress sat alone in beroffice, and'looked outintoher garden. It was a very wet garden; the holly hocks still raised their flow ered spikes in Lhe air; the nasturtiums and the verbe nas and tho pausies were bc&tcn; down and lying jirone in muddy puddles. She wondered wheth*.T they would ever raise their Jicaxlh again — tiiose delicate flower faces itliait sflie knew oo well, her only friends in Xauvoo. 'IViiougli the long drought she had tended them, ministering to their thirst, protecting thorn from their enemies the ,.,..1 (Wmi -0... rrmri t hrmtn aud yellow caUa-pillans whioJi tmvellcd over tihe fence guided by instinct and a raging appetite. Xow rath frail flower bad laid its elcuder length along tbe eartli, mid tho little post-mistress vat tlied them wistfully from her rain MaiiKxl window. She had expected to jrart with her flowers ; she was going away for ever in a few days — somewhere — she was not yet cjuite certain where. But now that her /lowers Jay prone, bruised and bro ken, the idea uf leaving them behind her distressed her sorely. She pitted up her crutch and walked to the duoc. It was no use; the rain warned bur back, tibe sat down again by tJ«u window to waich her wounded flowetti. Micro was something else that dis tressed her, too, although the paradox uf parting from a person she had never met ought to liave appealed to her sense of humour. Hut she did not think of that ; sho had never, uiucc she had been liuat-*L^s(rej-s ot Xauvoo, spoken one word to Jamet- Helm, nor had he ever spoken to her. He had a key to his Mitcrr-box ; he always came toward even ing. It was exactly a year ago to- day that Holm came to Xauvoo — a uilent, j pallid young fellow, with unresi- onsive ?yes, and the bearing of a gentleman . He was cordially detected in Xauvoo. l'or a year she ha watched him enter the post-office, unlock his letter-box, swing on his hccfl and walk away with nevor a uJaiK-e at her, nor a sign of j nvocgnitiou to any of the viflaga people i who migli'L be there. She heard people ! cxchaugo uncomplhncntar}' opinions con | coming liirn ; she heard him sneered at, ' diiuouuccd, slandered, i Xuilurully, being young and lonely, and | quite freo from malice toward anybody, ! she had torn© to construct a romance 1 around Hdin — a very innocent romance \- of wc41-wom pattern, mid on most un original lines. Into this romance she sometimes conducted horiself, blushing secrcrtOy alt licrsetf at her mental indis cretion, which indiscretion so worried her that rihe dared not even look at Helm thai evening when he came for his anail. She whs a grave, gentle little thing — a child still whose childhood had been a tragedy, and whose womanhood promised only that shadow of happiness /-n11orl itfiritoinibiiant v4iia4i nnm oe (iwm the blameless life end a nature which ac cepts sorrow without resentment. Thinking of Helm as she sat there by the window, she heard the office clock striking five. Five was Helm* usual sL. !»our, so she hid her crutch. It was her l~-:. . one vanity — that he should not know k;; that slip was lame. Wg - . 8bfi rose and lifted tho two volumes of ||l? agricultural reports from the blotters By 1 ' 'here Helm's letter lay, then she carc p fuBy raise one blotter. To her dismay it' luM the envelope stuck to tho blotting ; paper, leaving only the contents of tbe loter open to her view. On the Iwlf au- efopelay an object ap pareiiltly so peculiarly terrifying that the gL . HWJe poat-mistraas caught her breath gSifc ' and turned quite white at sight of it. ? And yet it was only a square bit of papor, porfeotjy blank sare for half a ?'' ' doren tihread-lie lines scattered thro ugh its texture. fW a long while the post-mistress stood Staring cut the half envelope and hit of hhnk paper. Then with trembling fingers ehe ligblbed a lamp end held the r little piece of paper over the chimney carcfully. When the' paper was warm she raised it tip to the ligjht and read f ! the scrawl th«t the Eympothetic ink re vealdd : — ''I send you a sample of the latest Py! style fibre. Iiook out for the new post nwte at Nauvoo. He's a Secret 6er jj| b«'t beeeo teat to ice what you are doing. This is the last letter I dare send you by mail.' There was no sdgcaiUirc to the mcs- ? sage, but a signature m not neceesaiy to tell tbe post-mMbrcBB who had written the letter. With set lips and tearless eyes she watched the writing fade slowly on the paper ; and when again the paper was blank ehe sank dkrwn by the window, laying her head in her arms. A few moments latter Hehn came in wrapped in a whining wet mackintosh. He glanced at his box, saw it was empty, .wheeled squarely on has heels and walked out. I Towards sonuet the rain dissolved to mist; a trail of vapour which marked the oouree of an unseen brook floated high among the hemlocks. There was no iwirid ; ithe feathery tips of the pines, powdered with rain spray, rose motion less in the still air. Suddenly the sun's red Bcnrchligbt played through the for est ; long warm rat's fell across wot moss, rain-drenched forms dripped, the swamp 'steamed. In the cae-t the thunder still boomed, and faimt lightning flashed un der the smother of sombre clouds, but the storai 9^d rolled off among the moun tains, and' already a white-throated spar row was oaBdng from the edge of the cleaning. It promised to be a cafan even ing in Xauvoo. Meonmhile, Helm walked on down the muddy road, avoided 'the puddles which the sun turned mto pools of liqmd flame. He heard the cat-birds mewing in the alders ; flw heard the 00101 of the even ing robin — that sweet, sleepy, thrush like warble which always promises a mel ody itha't never fallows; he picked a spray of rain -drenched hemlock as he passed, crushing It m Ibis firm, pale fin gers to inhale the fragraooe. Xow in tho glowing evening sky tho bullbats wore soaring and trembling, and' the 'tree-frogs itrflled from tho darlding pas tures. Around Itihe head in' the road his house stood ail alone, a small, sing!c-*toried cottage in a tanked garden. He ] Kissed in ait fain fralte. bllt-&n;«xtAnH itf iml/wltinrr 'the front -door he began to examine the house as though he had never sccen it before; he scrutinised every 'window , he imade a cautious, sHertt tour of the buiidrog, returning to stare again at the front door. Hie dloor was locked; he never left the bouse without locking it, and he never returned without approaching the house (in alert silence as tbough it might oomoeai an enemy. There was no sound of liis footfalls a6 he mounted the steps ; the next instant he was inside tho house, his back against the kiosed door — distdning. As usual, he he&rd; nothing, except the ticking of a clock somewhere in tihe house, and as usual ho slipped his revolver back into the sido pocket of his coat and fitted a key into tho door 011 litis left. Hie room was pitch dork ; Ito lighted a candle and held it up, trbading his eyes with 11 steady hand. There was a -table and one chair in the room ; tihe table was littered with en graver's tools, copper plates, Irotrths o( acid, packets of fibre fliapcr, aud photo graphic ipamaiphcsrualia. A camera, a reading-lamp, and a dark lantern stood on a shelf beside a nickel-plated dock, which ticked sharply. The tmo windows in the room bad been scaled up with planks over which sheet-iron was nailed. Ihe door also bad been reinforced with slieet-ir»ii. From a peg above it a repeating rifle hung fes tooned with two cartridge belts. When lie had fiNod his lamp from a can of kerosene ho lighted it and sat down to 'the task More him with less interest than usual, aud liis interest had beeu waning for weeks. For the ex citement thalt makes crime interesting had subsided, and itiie novelty was gun^. There was no longer anything in bis crime that appealed to his intellect ; die problem of successfully accomplish ing crime was no longer a problem to him. Ho had solved it. The twelve . inou'tiis' work on the plate before him demonstrated this; the plate was per fect, the counterfeit an absolute fac simile. ' The Government stood to lose whatever he diose to take from it. As an artist in engraving, and as an ?intelligent. man, Hchn was, or had been, proud olf his work. iBu't for that very reason, because he was an artist, he had tired of his masterpiece, and was al ready fingeinig a nan- plate, vaguely meditating beitter and imore ambitious work. Why not? Why should he not employ his splendid skill and superb ac curacy in something original ? That is where die aPtist and tflie artisan part company ; tbe artisan is always content to copy; the artist, once master of his tools, creates. In Hehn the artist was now in the ascendant ; he dreamed of engraving living things direct from Xatnrc — the depths of forests shot -with sunshine t?lie scrubby uplands against a sky crowded with clouds, and, perhaps, cat tle nosing for herbage among the rank fern and tangled briars of a scanty pas ture — perhaps oven the shv, wild child ren, bare headed and1 naked of head and shoulder, staring, half Itaimed, from the roadside brambles. It is, of course, possible that Helm was a natural-bom criminal, yet his motive for trying his skill at counter feiting was revenge, and not personal gain. He )ted served his apprenticeship in the Bureau of Engraving and Printing. He had served the Government for 12 years tlirou^ti Itlirce administrations. Being a high- salaried employee the Civil Service gave him no protection when tlie quadrennial double-shuffle changed the politics of the Admin istration. He wms thrown aside like a shabby garment wlii-fli ha^ served its purpose, and al though for years he had known what ultimate reward1 was reserved for those whom the Republic hires, he could ne rer bring himself to believe that years of faithful labour and a skill which in crebsed with every new task set oould meet the common fate. So, when his resignation was requedtefd, and1 when, refusing indignantly, he was turned out neck .and heels, after his twelve years' of faultless service, it changed the man terribly. He went away with reronge in hi- mind, and the skill and intelligence to accomplish it. But now tbat be had accomplished it, and ftie plate was fin ished, and -the Government at his mercy, the incentive ito oonstumnate his re venge lagged. After all, what oould he revenge himself on ? The Government? —thalt huge, stupid, sfesfcraot hulk! Had it a dhape, a form' concrete, nerves, that it oould suffer in its turn® Even if it oould (offer, after *11, fa w«w tired of suffering. There was no novelty in it. Pozfiaps his recent fife alone in the sweet, wholesome woods had soothed a hitter and refcdious heart. There is a balm for deepest wounds in the wind, and in the dtifiness of a wilderness there is salve for souls. As S10 saft. there brooding or dream ing of tlie work he mi^ht yot do, there stole irfto his senses that impalpable consciousness of another presence, near, and coming nearer. Alert, silent, he rose, and as he turned, he heard the front gate dick. In an instant he bad extinguished 4amp and candle, and step- | ping back into tbe hallway, he laid his ear to the door. In tho silence lie heard steps along tha gravel, then on the porch. There was a pause ; leaning closer to the door I lie could hear the rapid irregular brea thing of his visitor. Knocking began at last, a very geiitie rapping, silence, then the sound of retreating steps from the gravd, and the click of the gate latch. With ono hand covering the weapon in his coat pocket he opened the door without a sound and stepped out. A young girl stood just outside his gate. 'Who are you, and what is your bus iness with (his house?'1 he inquired grimly. Tbe criminal in him was now in tbe ascendant. He saw in auybody wbo approaciied fliis house the menace of discovery, perhaps an intentional and cunning attempt to entrap and destroy him. All that was evil in him came to the surface, the fear that anybody migb*. forcibly frustrate ihis Itevonge — if he chose to revenue himself — raised a de mon in him that blanched his naturally pallid face and started his lip-muscles into that curious recession which in an imals is the first symptom of the snarl. 'W'halt do you want?' he repeated. 'Why tin you knock and then slink away?' I did not know you were at home,' said tlie girl faintly. rural wiiy no you come Knocking.' Who are you, anyway?' he demanded hattshly, knowing perfectly well who she was. 'I am the post-mistress at Xauvoo,' sho faltered, 'that is I Was ? ' 'Ilcally,' he said, angrily, 'your in telligence might itcach you to go where you are more welcome.' His brutality seeaned to paralyse the girl. She looked at him as though at tempting to comprehend his nieauing. 'Are you not Jlr. Helm?' she asked iu a sweet, bewildered voice. 'Yes, I am,' he replied shortly. 'I thought you were a gentleman,' slio continued, in the same stunned voice. 'I'm not,' said Helm, bitterly ; 'I fancy you will agree with me too. Good night.' Ho deliberately turned his back on her and sat down on the wooden steps of the porch ; but his finely-modelled cars were alert annd listening, and when to his amazement lie heard her open his gate again and re-enter, lie swung round with eyes contracting wickedly. Sho imet his evil glance quite brave ly, wincing when h'f united her to leave tho yard. But she came nearer, crossing the rank, soakinug grass, and Stood beside 'him where he was sitting. 'May I tdl you simething?' he asked timidly. 'Will you be good enough ito pass your way.' he answered, rising. 'Not yet,' she replied, aud seated herself on -tihe st-(ps. The next mo ment she was crying silently, but that only lasted uutil she could touch her eyes with her handkerchief. He stood above her on the steps. Per haps it was astonislnnent that sealed his lips, perhaps decency. He had noticed that she was slightly lauie, although her slender figure appeared almost faultless. He waited for a moment. Far 011 the clearing's dusky edge a white-throated sparrow called persist ently to a mate that did not answer. If Hehn had fdt alarm or feared 'treachery, his voice did not betray it. 'What, is the trouble?'' he demanded leb-s roughly. She said without looking at him, 'I have deceived you. There was a letter for you to-day. It came apart and — I — found this.' She held out a hit of paper. He took rt mechanically. His face had suddenly turned grey. The paper was^fibre paper. He stood there breathless, his face a -ghastly, bloodless mask, and when he found his voice it was only the ghost of a voice. 'What is aM this about ?' he asked. 'About fibre paper,' she answered, looking up at him. 'Pibre paper!' be repeated, confound ed at hor candour. 'Yes — Government fibre. Do you tliink I don't knoiw what it is?' For the first time there was bitter ness in her voice. She turned partly around, supporting her body on one arm. 'Fibre paper! Ah yes — I know what it is,' she said' again. He looked her squarely in the eyes aud Ihe saw in her face that she knew what lie was and what he had been do ing in Xauvoo. The blood slowly stain ed 'his pallid cheeks. 'WeSI,' he said coolly, 'wbtit ore you going to do about it?' 'His eyes begaa to grow narrow, and the lines about bis mouth deepened. The criminal in him, brought to bay, watched ever}- movement of the young girl before him. Tranqud and optimis tic, he quietly seated himself on the wooden steps beside lier. It- would take more than a pretty, lame girl to turn him from his destiny; and his destiny was what he chose to make it. He al most- smiled at her. 'So,' lie said, in smooth , even tones, 'you think the game is up ?' 'Yes, but nothing need harm you,' she answered eagerly. 'Harm inc.'' he repeated with an curiosity sozed him, and' lie blurted out, 'But what do 3*ou care?' ugly sneer; then a sudden wholesome Looking up at him she started to reply, and the words faded her. She bent her bead in sSencc. 'Why?' lie demanded again. 'I have often seen you,' she faltered ; 'I bene sometimes thought you were un fcappy.' 'But why do come to warn me? Peo ple lurte me in Nauvoo.' 'I do sot tiafte you,' the replied faint ly. 'Why?' 'I don't know.' A star su&deoly; gleamed low over the toot's level crest. Right bud fallen in Xauvoo. After a silence he said in 1 an altered voice, 'Am I to understand tbat you came to warn a common crim inal?' She did not answer. 'Do yon know what I am doing?' be asked. 'Yes.' 'What?' 'You are counterfeiting.' 'How do you know?' he said, with a touch of menace in his sullen voice. 'Because— because — my falther did it.' 'Wd what?' 'Counterfeited — what you are doing now!' she gasped. 'That is how I know about the fibre. I knew it the moment I saw it — Government fibre — and I knew what was on it; the flame justi fied me. And, oh, I oould not let tbem take you, as they took my father, to prison for all tVose years.' 'Your father!' he blurted out. 'Yes,' she cried, revolted, 'and his handwriting is on that piece of paper in your hand.' Through tbe stillness of the evening the rushing of a brook through the hem locks creiw ioudler. ancrteasvur on the night wind like tbe sotmd of a distant train on a trestle. Then the wind died out ; a night bird whistled in the star light; a white moth hummed up and down the vines over the porch. 'I know who you are now,' the girl continued, 'you knew my father in the Bureau of Engraving and Printing?' 'Yes.' 'And your name is not Helm ?' 'No.' 'Do you not know tbat tbe Govern ment watches discharged employees of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing?' 'I know it.' 'So you changed your name?' '.'Yes.' Sha leaned nearer, and looked e«i nestly into his shadowy eyes. 'Do you know that an officer of the Secret Sen-ice is coming to Xauvoo?' 'I could take the plate and go ; there is time, lie answered sullenly. ' 'Yes — there is time.' A dry sob choked her. He beard tbe catch in her voice, but he did not move his eyes from the ground. His heart seemed to have grown curiously heavy ; a strange inertia weighted his limbs. Fear, anger, bitterness — nay, revenge itself had died out, leaving not a tran quil mind, but a tired one. The pulse scarcely beat in his body. After a while the apathy of mind and body ap peared to rest him. He was so tired of hate. 'Give me the keys,' she whispered. 'Is it in there? AVhtrc is ihe plate? In that room? Give me the keys.' As in a dream he handed her the keys. Through a lethargy, which was almost a stupor, he saw her enter his house ; be heard her unlock the door of the ro'-m n-here his plates lay. After a moment elio found a match and lighted the can dles. Helm sat heavily on tbe steps, his head on his breast, dimly aware that she was parsing and repassing, carrying bottles and arrofuls of too's and paper annd plates out into the dark ness somewhere. It may have been a few minutes it may have been an hour b;fo-^ she rn turned to him on tihe steps, breathing rapidly, her limp gown clinging iu her limfos, her dark hair falling to i cr shoulders. I 'The plates and aoids will never be found,' she said breathlessly; 'I put j everything into the swamp. It is quicksand.' For a long time neither spoke. At 'cngth she slowly turned away toward the gate, and he rose and followed, scarcely aware of what he was doing. At that gate she stopped and pushed a dark object out of sight nsdi-r the hushes by the fcnce. 'Let me help you,' he said, bending beside her. 'No, uo, don't,' die stammered; 'it is nothing.' He found it and handed it to her. It was her crutch, and she nirned crimson to the roots of her 'lair. 'Lean on me,' he said very gently. The girl bit her trembling hp till the blood came. 'Thank you,' she s^ii', brushiug back her tears; 'my crut -.'.i is enough— but you need not hare known it. Kindness is comparative ; one can be too kind.' He misunderstood her ond drew back. 'I forgot,' he said quietly, 'what privileges arc denied criminals.' 'Privilege,' slie faltered. After a mo ment she laid one hand on his erm. 'I shall he very glad of your help,' she said. 'I am more lame than I wish the world to know. It was only thf vanity of a cripple that refused you.'' But he Itbough't her very bcaut'Xul as she passed with him out inn the starlight. 