THE REASON WHY. Now that the last echoes of martial music and cheering crowds have died away, the last farewell spoken, and the latest con tribution by Victoria of her stalwart sons is far upon the waters on their way to South Africa, we may have leisure to calmly consider the sentiment which has called forth such a splendid demonstra tion of loyalty and anxiety to take an active part in the deadly struggle now proceeding. That this incitement must partake of some abnormally exciting char acter is evident. It must be something far removed from ordinary incitements which can evoke such a spontaneous ebullition of warlike spirit among a people who have hitherto enjoyed the blessings of an uninterrupted peace, and whose only ideas of warfare have been gathered from the scanty information as to struggles proceeding thousands of miles away from their adopted or native country. We may conceive how the people of the metropolis and other large centres of population, whose imagination is fired with bulletins at short intervals of the progress of the war, should have their belligerent tenden cies excited to the highest; pitch, but it is not so easy to und rstond how so many dwellers in remote istricts, far removed from any communication with more densely populated localities, except at uncertain intervals, should be imbued with the same abnegation of selfish motives and the same intense spirit of loyalty. It might be supposed that the average bushman or resident of the " back blocks" would know little and care less about the war and its origin, were it not that these are the very men who have come forward iu numbers far greater than is required to be enrolled in the Bushmen's Corps which has left these shores, and who are now applying in thousands for enlistment in tlie Imperial Corps which it has been- pro posed to embody. More than one reason may be adduced for this remarkable dis play of patriotic fervor. It is true that many of these men have been born and reared in the solitudes of plain or bush in the interior, where the echoes of war but faintly penetrate, but in nearly every set tlement, however small, the weekly jour nal finds its way and its contents, literary and artistic, more especially with reference to the war, are eagerly perused. JBy such means the bushman is kept equally au courant with the progress of the war as the more favored townsman, and his sym pathies are excited in au equal degree. Much may also he attributed to that rest lessness of spirit and craving for adven ture which has formed the motive power of the Anglo-Saxon race from the earliest periods. In ancient times this irrepressible yearning for activity found vent iu the wars which, with slight intervals, were waged with France, for some hundreds of years, or in the civil wars which at times stained the soil of England with fraternal blood, or in times of peace induced internecine conflicts be tween powerful barons, and later be tween rival cities growing rich and im portant by commerce. When such out- \- lets for the exuberance of animal spirits were closed there were still the delights and dangers of hunting, racing, and other sports requiring the expenditure of muscu lar energy to be indulged in. The same spirit has survived with equal intensity in the "Gentlemen of England" of the present century, who, by reason of their wealth and positiou, could well afford to " live at home at ease," but who scorn the inglorious delights of an idle life and indulge the perilous pleasures of hunting "big game" in the wilds of vast con tinents. These are the men who cheer fully undergo privation and danger in hunting the tiger in India, the lion and '-mhant in Africa, or the bear and i in America. It is such men and i lower degree who form the rank .e of " The Legion that never was „d," immortalised by Rudyard Kip ling, the adventurers who " skirmish ahead of the army and preach in advance of the church," carrying their lives in their hands and surrendering them un- complainingly, and in doing so, perhaps unwittingly adding one more stone to the mighty fabric of the British Empire of which they are but humble servitors. It is the same spirit which animated the early colonists of Australia in their en counters with the ravsge wilderness and the still more savage aboriginals, and it is the same spirit which lives in their des cendants and impels them, in the absence of physical excitement- at home, to seek it abroad. The stolid Boers inay well be excused for failing to understand why the people of such distant countries as Aus tralia and Canada should voluntarily come forward and take such an active part in hostilities against a nation of whom they know little or nothing, and whose internal aflaira would appear not to concern them But there is a spirit still more predomin ant than the love of adventure, and that is loyally to the great Empire of which those colonise form apart. :The people o| thdte/tooloaies have not been slow to ' ajtfyd$&< the advantages they derive from ' their connection 'with the mother country, but beyond , and above this' merely selfish sentiment there is; an in nate love of the old country which grows the stronger in the face of temporary re verse, and disp'ays its sympathy by the spontaneous offers of assistance which have excited the gratitude of the British people and the envy and astonishment of European natidhs. The colonies of-Great Britain understand that their prosperity is closely interwoven irith that of their great progenitor, aud knowing this they are determined to freely . expend their people and resources in maintaining the integrity of that glorious empire of which they are proud to form a part. Rice's Dramatic Company.— The fame of this company is so well established throughout this district that the notice in another column of their appearance at the Oddfellows' Hall, Beechworth, this (Thursday) evening, is alone certain to se cure a crowded house. The piece to be produced is the great sensational drama, entitled "Queen's Evidence," in four acts, each abounding with exciting inci dents, represented by a full company of talented artists. The admission will be at popular prices which cannot fail to attract a large attendance. It is announced that during the performance Miss Ray Nelson will sing "The Absent-minded Beggar," when a collection will - be taken up in aid of the Patriotic Fund. Stony Creek Reservoir. — At last the Mining Department is about to move in the matter of the erection of this long promised work. Seeing Mr. John Isaacs, M.L.A., in town yesterday, Mr. Alderdice interviewed him as to when operatians would be likely to commence on the dam. Mr. Isaacs expressed surprise that no in timation about the work had been received in Beechworth, as he had learnt from the Mining Department a week ago that everything was ready to make a com mencement. Mr. Isaacs at once des patched a telegram to tlie Secretary for Mines, asking him to communicate with Mr. Alderdice as to the position of affairs, and that gentleman received the following reply, viz. ; — " Dam at Stony Creek, Gapsted. Plans for excavation will be ready Friday. Tenders will be advertised next week." Ovens District Hospital. — As will be seen by reference to our report of the re cent meeting of the board of manage ment of this institution, the collector, Mr. Neil Sutherland, has well sustained his character as an indefatigable and successful gatherer of contributions. His collections for the past month were about £30 in excess of those for the cor responding month of last year, and the contributions for the current year to date are equally satisfactory. Several mem bers of the committee expressed their sense of Mr. Sutherland's assiduity at his gratifying success under so many dis couraging influences during the last few months. New Publication.— We have received from the proprietors of the Melbourne "Punch" their special " War Issue," which forms an artistic and interesting souvenir of the Boer War, Sale of Sheep. — Messrs. Phillipson, Newman and Co. announce Jbhat at their Wangaratta Market to-day (Thursday) they will have forward, in addition to their usual supply, a line of 800 merino ewes, in lamb, which will be sold in lots to suit purchasers. Chuhch Tenders.— The attention of carpenters and others is drawn to an advertisement elsewhere, in which Mr. F. Farhall, hon. secretary of Christ Church, Beechworth, invites tenders for the erection of a new fence round the Sunday-school buildings, and also for a new floor at the parsonage. Tenders are returnable at 4 o'clock on Wednesday, 21st inst. . A Report on Charities.— An interest ing comparison of Victorian and New South Wales charities is contained in a report tabled at the meeting of the Benev olent Society of New South Wales by the manager, Mr. Edward Maxted. The report dealt with his visit to the charitable institutions of Victoria. The total ex penditure by the Government on charit able institutions, hospitals and boarded out children in Victoria last year was £182,635, and in New South Wales £234,014. The amount subscribed by public in Victoria was £76,790, and in New South Wales £81,806. The number of inmates treated in hospitals and charit able institutions in Victoria was 27,746, and in New South Wales 39,571. The number of inmates at the end of the year in Victoria was 6082, and in New South Wales 8242. The number of persons in receipt of outdoor relief in Victoria was 96,038, and in New South Wales 132,000. New Guinea Gold Finds. — The schooner Jessie Riley, which has arrived at Cooktown from New Guinea reports that in the new country discovered by Fannigan at the head of the Gera River, the greatest difficulty is being experienced in obtaining stores. Many men have left disgusted, and others are living on half rations. There are about 30 or 40 men in the creek, and returns are fairly good so . far. Some parties obtained 50 oz. each, and some men got 20oz ; but miners are advised to stay away, as the claims are quickly worked out. In connection with the Yodda Valley find, the prospect ors, Walker, Crowdaley and M'Lelland, brought in 60 oz. to Tamata, and reported the discovery, and applied for the reward of 40 men's ground. They had several brushes with the natives. A Vanished £50,000. — At the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum there died on Wed nesday, at the age of 86, Oaptain Butler, for many years a prominent and success ful Ballarat mining investor. At one time he possessed considerable wealth, computed by some of his friends at £50,000, but he continued his speculations until he lost almost every penny of his large fortune. In the days of the ( ' Hurds- field rush," some 20 years ago, he was a leading spirit on the old corner in Start- street, and during this unwarranted ex citement he was among the heavy losers. His haven of refuge at the close of a re markable career was, as stated, the Benev olent Asylum, which has sheltered many other unfortunate pioneers. The deceased in early life-was a seafaring man, and it is raid that he was out in the colonies in the early fifties as captain of emigrant vessels. — "Argus." St. Patrick's Booths. — Messrs. Doig and Vallender sold the -St. Patrick Sports booths, Wangaratta, on Satur day. Mr. G. Powley, of the Horse and Jockey, bought the publican's booth for £15, and Mr. J. Lunny the refreshment booth for £3 5s. Services at Milawa.— The annual thanksgiving services were held at both the Church of Eoglandand the Presbyterian Church on Sunday. There were large congregations. The decorations were in each instance very tasteful, and appropri ate discourses were delivered by the Rev. J. Hall Angus and the Rev. Mr. Wade. A Graceful Act to the A.N.A. Sol diers.— At the annual conference of the Australian Natives' Association, at Gee- long on Tuesday, the board of directors submitted a supplementary report as fol lows: — "That in order to conserve'the medical and pecuniary interests in the association of members who have gone to the Transvaal war, the board recommend that the contributions of all members, who were financial at the last August quarterly meeting be paid by the association Hiwmgh the board of directors for a period of ox months from last November quarterly meeting, and that the incommgboard of directors have power to extend the period for such further term as.may be deemed necessary." The report was cordially re ceived and sdoptod. Teat Goto Vasi. — The first prise in the Eight Honrs' Art Union is a geld vase rained at 1000 son. The drawing will like plan on Monday, Aral SO, 1900." riekets to be had from R. Whrren, jnn., " Advertiser"' office, Bsechworth; ' I Agents Please Nbrs.--The proprietor of this - journal elsewhere requests agents and others having copies of " The Ovens and'Murray Advertiser" of Thursday, 8th March, and of the Weekly Edition of Saturday, March 10th, to forward same to this office, Loch-street, Beechworth, immediately. The Rocet Mountain Gold .Sluic ing Company.— The wash-up of this com pany was completed on Tuesday, with a result of 845 ounces, forming with 287 ounces obtained a few months before, the very satisfactory yield of 1132 ounces. It is expected that when the rand and scrapings are treated there will be at least another 25oz., making the years' produc tion 1257 ounces, valued at-over £6009, obtained from an area of about 3 acres. The company is composed of 26,000 shares, and a dividend of 2s. per share- has been declared, the balance to be applied to carrying on operations in the future, when it is anticipated that still better re sults will be obtained. A Good Yield. — We are informed that Mr. A. Clingin has finished a crushing of 40 tons atone at the Rose Mill, from his Little Tunnel reef at Twist's Creek, for the satisfactory yield of 60 ounces, or an average of l£ ounces to the ton. There are about 70 tons of stone still lying at the reef awaiting carting to the mill, and which is expected to yield equally well. Mr. Clingin is an old ex perienced and enterprising prospector, and may be congratulated on his good fortune. "Windsor Magazine." — The most interesting article in the February number just received, in view of the war proceed ing in South Africa, is that, entitled " Commandeered by Kruger " being the experiences of an . Englishman in the Transvaal who served with, a commando in an expedition against the Swazis, and which gives an excellent idea of the Boer method of fighting. Guy Boothby con tinues his new and exciting serial " Long live the King " ; and Robert Barr gives a further instalment of his romantic mediaeval story " The Strong Arm." The article treating of Dr. Otto Walther's new system of curing consumption will commend itself by its simple and sensible methods to all invalids.. " The Conquest of the' Nile " by. John Ward, F.S.A., is a graphic account of that stupendous feat of engineering, the build ing of the great reservoir of Assouan ; and a delightful episode of English village life is furnished by Orme Angus in ".Love in our village." Harry Furniss supplies some more of his comical " Canadian Sketches " with pen and pencil ; and' other amusing articles are " The ghost of Eugene Aram " and " How American's advertise." There are several other tales and sketches which we cannot particula rise, and the number is as artistically and profusely illustrated as usual. Beechworth Police Court.— At this court on Tuesday, before Messrs. M'Curdy and Fletcher, J.P.'s, a miner named Wil liam Ray sued the Harrietville and Ovens G.M. Co; for the sum of £26 0s. 3d., work and labor done and materials pro vided. Mr. F. Brown appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. Mackay for the defen dant company. The greater part pf an hour was taken up with arguments dis playing much legal acumen as to various financial arrangements between the legal manager and the plaintiff who is a -share holder in the company, and the Bench eventually made an order for £21 14s. 6d., with £1 6s. costs. Henry O'Brien, Chas. Roussy, John Papa and Crawford and Co. applied for stage coach licenses to run to the Yackandandah show ground during the show, which were granted. On Wednesday, at the same court, Messrs. Ingram and Fletcher on the Bench, Saad Farhood sued George Kendall for £2 10s., price of an accordion. Mr. Mackay ap peared for plaintiff and there was no ap pearance of defendant. Order for amount, with 13s. costs. W. H. Phillips and N. Dowling were granted stage coach licenses to run from Beechworth to the Yackan dandah Show-ground. Australian Wines.— At the meeting of the Rutherglen Vinegrowers' Associa tion held on Saturday the question of Mr. Wilkinson's analysis of Victorian wines came up for consideration, and, after discussion, the following resolution was carried : — " That while this associa tion is strongly of opinion that everything possible should be done by legislative action, or otherwise, towards preventing the adulteration of our wines, it still holds (1) that there is nothing to show that the samples taken by Mr. Percy Wilkinson were taken direct from the growers' cellars, or are in the condition in which they left those cellars. (2) That no sueh adulteration has been carried out by the growers, except in an extremely small proportion of eases. (3) That conse quently the growers have good reason to complain of his injudicious action in casting a very serious and damaging re flection on their honesty and the whole- someness of their product." The Wangaratta Town Band. — a meeting of the committee of the newly formed Wangaratta Town Band was held at Mr. G. Allan's Hotel last Monday night, when Captain Burrowes, P.M, re ported that he had made satisfactory terms with Mr. Webber, bandmaster, Benalla, to take charge of the band. The appointment was ratified by tHe committee on the terms submitted by Captain Burrowes, and there is now every probability that in the near future the Wangaratta band will rank as one of the best bands in the district. About 50 players have handed in their names as desirous of becoming playing members. The new band will, if possible, make its first appearance at the St. Patrick's Day Sports Aspendale Park Races. — The race meeting held at Aspendale Park on Tues day was only moderately attended, al though the sport was very interesting. The programme opened with the Maiden Plate for which there were ten starters, Mariner winning by three lengths from Emblem, Ophir filling third place. The Hurdle Race brought out a field of seven and proved an easy thing for A. P. Brewer's Arthur Ortoiv who won by six lengths from Twist, with Bingara a bad thira. The Trial Handicap was won by Stagelight, from a field of 15, by 10 lengths, Mineral and Mulwala being se cond and third respectively. The principal event of. the afternoon was the Aspendale Park Handicap, for which 11 horses faced the barrier, the best of whom proved to be Goodman, who defeated Alaberculia by four .lengths, Ashton being close up third. The Jumpers' Flat Race was ap propriated by the well-known district performer Snorter, who won by a length from Ingeegoodbie, with Daybreak third. The programme concluded with the Welter Handicap, for which there were 13 starters. This proved the most ex citing event of the day. Mineral, with George Wheeler up, beating Pirillie by a short neck, with Sedge about the same distance away third. THE GLEN WILLS ROBBERY. — James Ralston, a miner, who has been in the district for some years, was arrested by Constable Cahir on Saturday night on suspicion of being the perpetrator of the daring robbery at Carmody's store. Con- stable Cahir, who was watching Ralston, heard of him tendering a cheque for payment at Carney's hotel, Sunnyside. Though he denied all knowledge of the theft, the whole amount of the cash stolen was found on his person. He then con- fessed to the hiding of the cash- box and cheques, which were found intact in the scrub near the town. He was brought before Mr. P. Brander, J.P., on Monday, and remanded for eight days. DUCHESS AS ODDFELLOW. — The Duchess of Sutherland will shortly be initiated into the mysteries of the Order of Oddfellows by Mr. Tom Hughes, J.P., Grand Master of the Manchester Unity. It is under- stood that her Grace will subsequently become the head of a new women's lodge of the Order to be named after her. Fobttob's Favors. — Dame - Fortune wiU" be distributing favors on Monday, April 90, 1900, on the ooearion of ths drawing of the Eight Hoars' Art Union. Tickets ere offered for sale by R; Warren, jun;, this ofioA Beadiworth, . The Hibbrbian Picnic.— The Beech worth branch of the H.A.G.B.8. will on Saturday celebrate the anniversary of St. Patrick by a monster picnic to be held in the reserve neiar the Evertqn railway at; tion. Last yearasimilar gsthering was held, which has left nothing but;pleasant recollections in the minds of those who. attended it; but this ymr the event pro mises to even surpass its predecessor. A strong committee of ladies/and gentlemen has been working indefstigably for some time past, and with the knowledge born of experience has neglected no detail to ensure the complete success of the picnic. The Catholic school children will assemble in Church-street, and march to the railway station; where they will entrain for Ever- ton, a "special" having been chartered to convey excursionists. The return fare is; one shilling, the Catholic school child- ran being carried free. The pleasure of the outing will be further enhanced by- the presence of the_Beech worth Town Band, which will render an excellent programme of selections appropriate to the occasion. The special tram wul leave Beechworth at 10.10 a.m , returning from Everton at 6 p.m. Tickets may be obtained from Mr. S. R. Casey and Mr. J. J. Scott. - A.N. A. — At the annnal conference of representatives of branches of this asso ciation at Geelong, Messrs. A. A Billson, of Beechworth, and J. E. Batchelor, of Wangaratta, were nominated as candi dates for seats on the Board of Directors. Ancient Order of Dbuids.— The loyal sentiments of the members of the Beech worth lodge of this order 'were shown at the usual meeting on Tuesday evening by the unanimous voting of a contribution of £l Is. to the Empire Patriotic Fund. The Death of Colonel Umphelbv.— The regret felt for the lamentable death of Colonffi Umphelby in South Africa, so soon after his arrival at the front, is general throughout Victoria, and this was evinced in Beechworth by the flags raised with patriotic motives being lowered to half- mast as a sign of mourning for the loss of so promising an officer. - Gold Top Lagbr Beer. — Messrs. R. Taylor and Co., of Ford-street, Beech worth, well-known throughout this dis trict as general providers, elsewhere ad vertise this noted brand of lager beer, which may be obtained at all hotels. The Goulbubn Lines. —On Wednesday three deputations from Bendigo, Benalla, and - Murchison East waited upon the Minister of Railways in connection with the proposed lines in the Goulburn dis trict! for the purpose of establishing rail way connection with Echuca and Benalla. Each deputation tenured the Minister that they had no wish to prejudice the claims of the others, but thought that their own line was entitled to consideration. They asked that the matter generally should be referred to the Railways Standing Com mittee. Mr. Outtrim promised to comply with the request, and the deputations withdrew. - The Melboubne Sheep Market.— Fat Sheep.— The supply was a moderate one, 15,000 having been yarded, a large pro portion of which consisted of gpudand prime qualities. There was a fairly sustained demand throughout, but owing exclusively to the fall in values of 6d. to 9d. in skins the general tone of the market was weaker, and receded from last week's record prices to about the level of a fortnight ago. Prime crossbred wethers, from 15s. 6d. to 16s. 9d. ; extra do. do., from 17s. to 18s. 3d. ; good do. do., from 13s. 6d. to 14s. 9d. ; others, from 12s. ; prime crossbred ewes, from 14s. to 15s. ; extra do. do., from 15s. 6d. to 16s. 6d., few to 18s. fid. ; good do. do., from 12s. 6d. to 13s. 6d. ; others, from lis. 6d. ; prime merino wethers, from 15s. to 15s. 6d. ; prime do. do. (Riverina shorn), from 16s. 10d. to 17s. Id. ; good do. do., from 13s. to 14s. ; others, from lis. ; prime merino ewes, from 12s. to 13s. ; inferior, from 7s. 6d. Fat Lambs. —5500 were penned. The demand was not so active, and - prices show a decline from last week's rates. Prime sold at from 10s. 6d. to lis. 6d. ; extra 12s. to 13s., few higher ; good, from 9s. to 10s. ; inferior, from 7s. A Lady Speaker.— Mrs. Harrison Lee, the well-known . temperance advocate, addressed the electors on the question of local option on Tuesday at Shepparton. An Anglican Clbrgyhan's Marriage with Deceased Wife's Sister.— Surprise has been excited by the resignation of the incumbency of St. James's, Traralgon, by the Rev. G. Poynder. A difference has arisen with the Bishop of Melbourne owing to the marriage by Mr. Poynder with his deceased wife's sister, which . is against canonical law, though in accord with the law of the tend. Mr. Poynder has accordingly tendered his resignation, amidst the general regret of his people. Sympathy is expressed by the public gener ally with Mr. and Mrs. Poynder, and the local board of guardians have memorialised the Bishop on the subject. A Thousand Pounds for a " Bob." — The winning ticket in the Eight Hours' ArtUnion, to he drawn on Monday, April 30, costs only Is., and is worth £1000. Tickets to be obtained from R. Warren, jun., office of this journal, Loch-street, Beechworth. 