ABOUT DIFFERENT MATTERS. (By ?? Old Sport.'1) Tlie railway trnroller comes into nontnet with all sorts ot men and w* ruuiL Sometimes the man in tlie niii haB a fine appreciation of the sun iid of his own voice and will not ?Irny himself the pleasure of listening to tliH sound th it makes muBie in the f .is. The clatter of the sewing ma cWi--.is will star' tha canary singing. I -, ? i in hi think there is sometbing in -i . nr ot the tr.iin which infallibly \- -omn men talking. One of those f wiiJ gentlemen got rather a hard (ail not very long ago. It happened od our own branch line, tbough £ fanoy the take down did not originate with the youug lady. It happened this way — A lady and gentleman occupied opposite' corner seats three or four other passengers were in the same carriage ; said the man in the corner looking at the young lady. 'lama commercial traveller for tha firm of Bl.-Ak and Co., and am now on my wny to CowraV' The young !adf made no reuiiiik. After a time the man in the corner called attention to the whither and the crops along the route, mid again, said, 'I am a commercial ) traveller etc.' Still no reply, and the passengers made up their minds that the young lady was deaf and dumb. However a surprise was in store for them. As the train stood at a road station a bull wan seen not far away pawing the ground and kicking up the dust and bellowing in that kind o undertone which that animal affects upon some oceasions. The young lady seemed to be much interested in the performance and said to thexommercial traveller in a nudieu and serious man ner, ' What is that 1 ' ' That Madam ' said he ' Ia a bull.' ' In deed,' said the silent one without the ghost of a smile on her face, ' I thought from his behaviour that he was a (Commercial traveller. Speaking of trains the (Jjwra cars were about to start when a tall tbin spike-nosed slab-sided dame scrambled into one- compartment and examined carefully under the seats, at the back of the doors and all round, and then approached a vacant seat. The next seat was occupied by a quiet sober respectable ]eort of man, and giving him a prod with her gingham, the particular lady started the following conversation : ' Are you married % ' askrd the old girl sharply. ' Yea ma'am,' replied the peaceful man thinking the old dame was a trifle ratty. 'Bo you love your wif» p ' snid the lady. ' Fes Ma'am,' replied the man blush and fearing the ancient maid would etait hugging him next. ' Would you din hpfrkrp vnn vnnlrf Knph vmip wifa'a feelings p ' ' Yes Ma'am.' Do you belong ta the Y.M.G.A. 1 Yes Ma'am Do you believe in the Golden Rule t Yes Ma'am. ' Do [yoti go to Church regularly?' Yes Ma'am. 'Have you a mother 1 ' Yes Ma'am. Would you disgrace her P Yes Ma — that is I mean no Ma'am, certainly not ma'am. Ah hi ! exclaimed the old girl severely 'Be careful of your answers. They may one day be taken down in evidence against 'you. ? Now, have ? you aby 8istersp' 'Yes ma'am — they are seven.' ' Would you bring the blush of shatne to their cheek P Yes— no ma'am. And what is your business I You're not a member of PaTliamentl No ma'am, I simply a Minister of the OoBpsl. ' Indeed ! Ana would you be torn japart by wild horses before you would do anything to disgrace the eldthr' 'Ye* maVm*'. Well -re- turned the lady ?tieha 'hBaved a great sigh of relief, and grippedr her brelly firmly. 'I think you're safe and I'll risk riding with you as far as Itlayney. Aldermen Jim Eainford used' to' declare (that the -first money he ever earned was half-a-btown for putting his head in the lion'e mouth at the old. menagerie run by one Billing's at Watson's Bay. It was a nice . easy gentlemanly life so long as the' lion didn't detain your head for' further inspection; but Jim's yam has just been beaten by the story told by Mr. Love, manager of HarmstonV Oirous 'At Rangoon' says Mr. Love, this tiger that has just killed poor Oompz, attacked a Chinaman but did not hurt him although lie got the man's head in ' his mouth. Just as the Chow's, head wtts well inside the poor Pagan yelled, ' Wha 'for ' and to the surprise of all the tiger let him go and walked to the other end of the cage.' A very pretty Sunday School sort of AndrooleB and the lion yarn could be worked out of that etory, in previous years the Chinaman jmay have found a tiger rolling about in the jungle in deadly agony' rubbing his stomach with Mb paw and showing every symptom of indigestion. Then the Chow draw ing nearer asked ' Wha' for you make row like that ! ' And taking a bottle of Professor Surepop's Bread Pills out of his pocket hn gave the tiger six, and immediately relief followed. Years after 'that the tiger had a Chinaman, in his power bat upon the victim Bbouiing ' Wha for ! ' the animal recognised tht roioe cf his old bRnefactor and allowed him to go unhurt!' What a touching Story. 'And what .6 splendid advt. for the Bread Pills. 'Lies ol great men remind Iib that we too may make oiir lies sublime if we woik them up artistically and tell them at the proper tim?/--'That reflection' 'struck me fpr cibjy -on raading an' Improving little .sipry, for boys , which jogglud along in this wise i'1. Father 'UBaid little Georgie Washington .as the old, man rolH^d up the' strap lifter the* cherry ilroe chopping epfsode. ' Father do you know/* why the future should hold no fears fbk)m«-P No, said the stem' parent sharply j^ I'm better at lickin' than guesflin' as you may have noticed yqurseH., Why, is it P Be'fcauf e, exe'aimed Jittle Georgia as he J rubbed the southern pole of his pants j gently and went out backwards ' be- . cause ray pains rib all behind me ; the seat of nil my trouble is in the tear.' 11 1 think I ought to lick that kid some more '.said the the old man meditavsly. He's, bad enough to write a pantomine libretto even now And pretty soon he'll be wicked enough to fix up the'tender loin.' jnkes'for the music-hall lady who squawks out ooon songs like I'.se the jammipst little tart you ober scrunched. . How one thing briug* up another. Castor Oil for instance. Looking over the item again I am reminded o( the fact that some escaped lunatic at ' Oine wants our Federation framers to build a brand new Capital City «nd call it Brittannia. I think it is just about time we dropped calling oities and streets and the like after people and places in the grand old Motherland and struck out something original or PTon aboriginal for ourselves. Some of tha Sydney streets ere called after the primest scoundrels that ever cheated the gallows— Castlereagh and Orafton for instance — end one of our noblest institutions is a hospital called after Prince Alfred a party so mean that rumor says he used to catch the flies on his dinning-room table cloth and pick out .any of his sugar that might be sticking to their feet. Concerning ouy coming capital, a friend of mine has a little suggestion of his own to mnke whioh is as modest br it is timely, Whtn the American States Federated it w»s decided to cull tbo capital city - efter the man who couldn't tell a lie or rather that city was chosen to. be the capital, because it was called after the worlJ-renowned -paragon of truthfulness And this being the case my friend Boondi, who is a great truthful writer proposes that the Capital City of Federated Asustta lia be known as 'Boondi'. All in favor of this will Bignify Ihesdnie, by holding up their left legs excepting the case of lady voters who may elevate their left eyebrows instead, A yarn is going the rounds about a certain, Bishop. Amongst the candi dates for confirmation at a country Church on one ocoaeion was n lout. | The Bishop felt sure he had confirmed ! him before so be leaned over and said very softly. ' My boj I think I have confirmed you before,' The lad open ed bis great wide eyes and replied, 'You're a liar.' The Bishop kuew that this was only the ordinary way a clown knows how to deny what was not true, so be was told to kneel down aod be was confirmed. Letter to local storekeeper : ? Mr* Smith— Please *nnd oat 251b at super and 121b of flower— John Brown. P S.— My wife hud a baby last night. Aloo 100 wate of potatoes. i 