A LADFS LETTER FBOM *AEI& July 21 I truis m Pane on the 14ft, the day nf the Isatiobal Fet^, the anniversary whoae celebration lose* more and more 0f it* typical significance as history emerges from its sTappingi of legend, awl the Bastille at the time of its destruction, stands n?' vfialed inits then actual condition of Benile desuetude. One wondere, when one hag read the authentic dooitaa^ concerning the vacant and silent olfr privileged prison at the moment of its sarmider, that the Bas tille was ever e name to conjure with, and still more one wonders how it can hare so successfully continued to charm as to have decided the day of the year which was to be marked with the white stone of a a*, tion'e selection under Hie Third Republic. I daresay not one in a hundred of the countless crowds which are mnstered 0u the 14th of each July know why that day is chosen for the National Fete, or, if information were more general, -whether it would convey any distinct Idea to the mul titude. However, there it is, a fitting day even vithont associations, for summer is at its height, and the tide of life in the vivid, restless, pleasure-exacting city is at the full then. This time it was a spring tide, one of tbose which "swell beneath the moon," as Gerald Griffin's quaint love song puts it, and, often as I hare seen the "city of light" turned into Ac people's play, ground, never have I seen it so resplendent. The long waiting for intelligence from ' China, and the frequent contradiction of what purported to be intelligence, had worn off and worn out the popular in terest. I think the general incredulity, Kobably assisted bv the popular desire to able to Â«njoy the fete without a re proach -for its light-teartednees, and also an imperfect realisation of the meaning of the "affaire de Peking," culminated just about that date, and "the people" had made up their minds that tto news was good news, or, at all events, if it was not, they would have to learn the worst quite soon enough. _. . . I imagine the great officials at the fete, who, at all events, knew all there was to be known of. the terrible truth, most have found ''the set smile of representation" rather trying wear; but they wore it well. There never is any pose about M. 2/oubet, and he looked just as usual on the 14th. Of course one could see but little of the fete under the beet of circumstances; all one could do was to choose one's point of view, or have it chosen for one,"get to it, and stay there. I did not see the actual "march past" at the Cascade, but I wit nessed both the procession from the Klysee and the return from a balcony of the Avenue du Iloie de Boulogne, and the eight was very beautiful and exciting; the mili tary escort, a squadron of the 1st Cuiras siers, splendidly mounted, recalled many a spectacle to my memory.^ The new Minis ter of W&r;, General Andre, a fine-looking man, of martial presence, was seated in the first carnage with the President and General BaiUond. He mounted a superb horse after M. Lou bet had taken his seat in the tribune prepared for him, and the brilliancy of his escort was a leading feature of the day. At the head, surrounded hy the chief officers of the staff of the Minister of War, and preceding all the rest, rode two grand Orientals in magnificent cos tumes, whose dignified, calm, and lofty bearing attracted every eye; these were one the Khalifa of one of the Algerian tribes, the other wbjb the "finance delegate" from Algeria of the same tribe, and for tainly the two realised the poetic notions of the typical Arab. Eight' Arabs in white burnous accompanied them, the group pre ceding the entire staff. The sight must have been grand wneu the 20,000 troops passed before the tribunes. i"ie nil the most eminent men in France ire collcctcd around the President, the vf', of the Corps Diplomatique in uni Loubet and the Ministers in black His ' The Mimstera remained standing K l!"1 wllo,e of te leview. In a aur isinelv short interval after the occurrence PJ ilic iiieid<-nt the Hews reached the groups ?" i,c balconies along the route that a rash fool' had shouted "Death to Loubet," im mediately outside the Elysee, as the Presi Hi'ui's procession came out. The man was seized no disturbance resulted. Next :)aV a' humorous account of the -culprit's rvijiiiiiiition before the magistrate was riretiliitcd. He gravely explained that "it "!1S ,ill the fault of the heat, and also of the Waiter at the cafe, who had kept him wait JJ for his hock. If" he added, "the leather had been cooler and the waiter iii0re expeditious, he should not have been ,,t out of temper, and, as he \Wp really ' od-lienrted, he would never have Breamed of Routing 'Down with Loubet* (he denied U,e 'ilcnUi!' altogether): indeed, he felt ?I,T lie would have cned Tjong Live the President!' " The "Court" must have had f0,IiC difficulty in preserving its gravity; It geems th.it M. Loubet made no attempt to preserve his, but laughed heartily on hear iui: (lie story. jCÂ«t much more serious was the battle of flowers (new style), which took place after (lie review. The wearers of tlie "eglan tines" and the wearers of the "oeillets rouge" heat c;1ch other after their playful euaton ' * ' ' " ' ' mimic lutioii (lid nol - ... . least. To write of "the" fete is inadequate; ' there were fetes everywhere, in every quar to, mid each had its especial features. The illuminations and the fireworks far ex reeded anything that has ever been done in ]',il is before. I remember my astonishment S-:- Illn'mlnstaJ anil Vnfm custom. and smashed UP c|jair8,J)ut nobod.y did not ' disturb, the liappy public in the | "mled verv much, and socialist* and i S""aliKt? kept holidayinj^nwnner which | l'rimr imperial, but all that was but "pale ami ineffectual fires" in comparison with tlip -iimn of electric and other luminosity in which Paris was bathed, under a sky full of scintillating stars. I was so fortunate fl: to sco t lit- marvels of the Place de la Con conic and the Champs Elysees, the un inwiiahle snlendour of the illuminated palace. ami the almost unbearable lustre of the Exhibition, and I was at a safe distance firm (lie Tuileries- gardenrf when the w.-Â»i?! -rfiii fireworks began, and the spec iae'e ! e:'t the crowd motionless. A friend had sccured for me a way of escape from Die serried ranks, and a trusty escort. I availed mvsdf of this resource after I'had seen a few the dazzling showers of fire of every conceivable colour, and found myself on a iu loony of the Avenue Montaigne, from whence'the whole "city" of the Exhi bltimi-huildinsÂ®. its palaces wrefltbed in Jiphl. iva.- visible, and the dome.of the In valids shone dominant "above all. I had mii as much as I could bear, and was tliaiil.fnl next morning, when I read of the U'lnlile Km! which ensued upon the final bouquet, that I had not been aware of it. Hazily, the repetition of history was but Fiawilcial. but it made everybody recall (he ominous and dreadful story of the fete civcn in celebration of the marriage of the Danpliin and Marie Antoinette. The day before T had been taken to see I the decorations of the Madeleine and the! Hue Rovale, with their marvellous 'chains of metal and jtlass flowers, to be lit by niglit (no &uch; designs have been attempted I hitherto, and Paris was in ecstasy oyer them), and of course I had been thinkin? of the story of that famous street, and of the terrible "Champs des Morts"-de scribed by Dumas as no other writer has ever described a crowd in a state of panic-; and nlso of the dreadful catastrophe which j attended the coronation of the yoonjr Tsar and his consort, and has left an indelible | impression upon the superstitious Russian people. As we turned out of the street into the place I Said to my companion, pointing to the site, onee called th* "plain?," where the fatal trenches :>nd monnds intercepted the multitude flying j from the misdirected fire-shower, "Happily this great space is as smooth as your salon floor-no death-traps now." The only dan ger to the crowd on last Saturday night was of its own making. The fireworks were over, no vehicles were in the vicinity, but, aÂ« on the previous historic occasion, the stride to get out began at the centre of the multitude, and was desperate. No lives were loÂ«t, but no doubt a great deal of sufforine was inflicted, The incident did not damp the holiday spirit of the people, however, and dancing in the booths erected in great numbers on the outer boulevards and in the popular quarters 'root on all niaht. The movement of the crowd was audible, and also the braving and blare of the "orchestres," throughout the wakeful hours, and at, Â® on the follow ing mornina I -was informed that in'certain quarters "they were still dancing/' The general testimony of lookers-on during the tnrec holidays-for Sunday and Monday jV'"r" 'n ^ highly to the Â®eÂ«it of the populace, with its accession ot wore* of thousands from outside and Ilk0 " , , Provinces. Good humour Domuied eveiywhere, and the factious had not ihe traditional "ghost of a chance." io Fay thiit I have seen the Exposition nlf RUPerfieially would be impertinent. I vnnvj i !ie ^e<?lftre that I have endea I,.!'j |Â° tl'e best of my ability to take in Tho.Â» i ti to Â®PP''ehÂ®d its importance. m" remain regions unexplored by stÂ»'nr.Â«n1usu leets "nnpproached. For in m !!e 'k-he and wonderful "exhibits" cnltnwi Â«erj' enPnes of war, the agri mentl Product* and implements depart &fni; !Teml Â°J Amid sonal^,Â«Â« I h*ve eat for as occa of the v, i,n wfjoi /tmatement, contdous bÂ»tyJS,d atS that I must not weord w? sj?ec*ftT anyi&ing; or make anv -d beyÂ°Â»d av, own tenseofthevonder i u y adÂ®>Â£?tion of their WJigement. I have a habit of looking about 8fofa? iiUT811686 ^ People's impres sjons, while I am receiving tbem mvself m Â£Â«^hU"Vl.1 nr0te of seriouT OTblfc TJ,o^eSe ttlarvels PÂ»-Pduce upon the \ r re 18 consulting of guides catalogues and less chattering than in Â°i,tbe va8t Jesaon-nnd-play f sedulous attention of some Â°f everjr-Jfay of its existence might t .perso"8 of intelligence to ascertain ' perhaps to exhaust the sug J1Â® E?PÂ°slt!on,. but the surface Knowledge of a few weeks (even though ?P* AÂ°i8 Â®Â°S ke'ong to that "monde" of toe highest fashion, which knows the Ex position only as "a place where one dines," Â»> Â«ett>ng riddled by the shafts off polished ridicule which Anatole France is sending to their address) suffices only to amaee and enchant one with its revelations of beauty and its priceless treasures of art. I took my leave In three instalments, a farewell to \iew Paris," a visit to ''Le Musee-Gentennal du Costume," and a long long look at the truly wonderful picture of our gracious Queen, by Benjamin Con stant, hia masterpiece, so far as I know his works-and I have a good memory for them-and an .objeet so precious that I think all Her Majesty's Mibjects may grieve unreproved that"" it is not national pro perty. The picture is simply exquisite, in conception, in composition, in execution, above all in expression. Each time that I have stood before it, as was my wont, for several minutes at a time, I have had oc casion to remark the attention it attracts, and how the expression on the spectators' faces changes from the first look of curi osity to a pleased, attentive surprise, and then to ungrudging admiration. One day a lady, beautifully dressed and carrying an opera-glass, which meant'that she was doing the galleries seriously, accosted me, after a few tentative glances, with the question, in foreign-sounding French, "Pardon, ma dame, is thiB portrait of the Queen of Eng land resembling? Madame has seen her'r' "Many times," I replied, "and this portrait is the only one which eoyveys the truth." She looked at it in silence for some time, and then said, before the moved away, "Thank you, madame, it is venerable and great and beautiful. I am glad a French artist has done it." I said, rather grandi loquently I fear, "It would uvike the fame of M. Constant if that remained to be made." What this lady said gives an ab stract of the qunlities of Constant's work; it is "venerable and great and beautiful," with the beauty of noble old age, its ex perience, its patience, and its oenignity. For the technique of the work there is no praise too high; the dress, the lace, the jewels, the gauze cape over, the Queen's shoulders, the falling veil of the widow's cap (softened and idealised, instead of being thrust in rigid lines upon attention),. the accessories of the right royal scene, imply ing the appassage of a eonrt, but revealing "the presence" only-these delight and en chant the beholder. * The great heat obliged me to cut my adieu to Paris short, and I finished up at the Exposition with a visit to the "Musee C-en tennal du Costume," a collection in which the romance and the reality of the past are mingled with the ideality and the tact so strongly characteristic of the whole de sign of the Exposition. The collection is placed in the centre of the "Palais des Tissus,".in the midst of all the'latest ex amples of every kind of beautiful, luxurious, and fashionable fabric for the attire and adornment of "the human form (more or less) divine." What a "memento mori" it is if anyone should choose to regard it; for mv part it presents itself to me with more of grim irony than the other cen tennials, which have been organised by M. Stephaoe Derville, with sound knowledge and excellent taste. It is amusing to ob serve the surprise with which young people make the discovery that their grandmothers Mad pretty clothes in their girlhood, and' may even have been pretty themselves an "observation already made by a writer in "Le Figaro;" but as I had previously de rived the amusement alluded to from watching the girl-visitors to the "Salle des Tissus," I add my testimony to his. The Musee is over-decorated, in bad taste; one can hardly see the cases for the "decor," and- surely the old "chiffons," the dainty faded silks, the precious trifles which were prized and handled a hundred years ago, and are now "for remembrance," how shadowy and vague, might be left to speak for themselves! Of course, the rigid cen tennial role has not been kept, and we begin with a series of superb costumes of the reign of Louis XV.. with their "ra mages" (recently revived), and their "ray uves," in cut "velvets, still (undimmed in their rich tones of colour. M. Arsene Alexandre styles these "grands atoms a j falhahis," the "mennets de 1'art de 1'ha bijleur." Then comes a Louis Quinze cor sage and a petticoat of Madame Dubarrv's, which was found at Marly. It is a wonder ful garment of blue satiny silk embroidered in flowers, and palm branches intertwined with the L of Louis XV. The costume of the next reign is well represented, a man's coat, pigeon's-breast colour, most elegant and perfectly fresh, is side by side with a "mourarde" coal: which was worn by the painter Girodet, Among the very pretty citizenesses' dresses of the revolutionary period is a "carrick," one of those queer jacket-spencer garments which we find mentioned in Memoirs of the time, and then we come to the sumptu osities of the Empire, when the men woe more gorgeously attired than at any other epoch, and the women wore (in their de cree) the dress described in M. Gustavo Masson's famous works. . Here 1 find many well-remembered "objects from the former Musee des Sonverains-but not the little green silk, red-heeled shoe of Ma dame de Samballa, which her father-in-law picked out of the mud in hi* agonising search for her body after the massacre of September-no one can tell me what has become of that. Here are Napoleon s cos tumes as Firet Consul and as Emperor, the *UUV W iuq|/bvv _ caught sight of a parasol of Josephine's and one which had belonged to Mario Louise, a ball-dress in which the poor, foolish DucheEse de Berry had danced before the murder of her husband, a superb collection of fans-always pathetic to mf mind-and a collection of lace, from which I could hardly tear myself away. I count this centennial Â«!iow among the great at tractions of the Exposition, and I none all your readers who are, or are to he, in Paris will be ol my opinion. When I waÂ» in Paris last winter I saw, several times, lady Yu (the wife of the Chinese Minister) and her pi city daugh ters, just as perfect "Parisiennes" as could be named. H.E. Feng Yu is a very popu lar person, and there is no manner of doubt of his Western ideas and Sympa thies. The family has entirely withdrawn from notice, and the Minister's attitude receives from all that praise which is the "cachet" of official propriety-he is pro aouneed ''alwolutely correct.'1 TOPICS FOR THE BLOCK. The reputation that Mr. Watt, the Post master-General, has acquired as a social en tertainer is greater than he aspires to, and it proves embarrassing. A few days ago he received a letter from the manager of a gold-mining company at California Gully, as follows:-"At a meeting of married men held in connection with the Bible in State schools movement, I was instructed to write to you and ask if you would attend a tea meeting vfe are going to hold, and give us a song or two, at the public meet ing, to be hdd in the church. The married ladies will provide refreshments." Could" the promoters have been thinking of Mr. Peacock? A nocturnal Melbourne newspaper man, wending hu way homewards at 3 a.m. last week, sighted two urchins, neither of whom was 10 years of age, under an arc light, where they stood ankle deep in mud. Cros sing over to ascertain what they were at, he found each studying a "hand of cards, and after looking on a moment or two he realised euchre was in progress. "Why don't you go home to bed, youngsters? he asked. Have yt>u been playing here all night?" Neither answered tifi the hand had been played out, when one said, "No fear, we was playin' inside till they chucked us out at 12. He waB fourpence ahead then, and he's givin' me me re venge." Solemn dirge and requiem mass was held in St. Francis Xaviers Cathedral, Ade laide, on August 17, in memory of King Humbert of Italy. On a coffin in front of the altar was the flag of It^ly and a crown, j The consul for Italy and the Italian resi dents in Adelaide had issued invitations ' some days previously, and the Cathedral < was packed. His Excellency the Governor, with Lady Tennyson and suite, was pre sent; also Sir Samuel and Lady Way, the Premier and Mrs. Holder, consuls for dif ferent nations, and the mayor and mayoress. What Ah Hung, our Chinaman in Ade laide, said of the Boxers (writes "Wini fred"), when I asked him if he were one, ! was, "Them all the same as larrikin. Ah ; Hung gentleman." I was somewhat startled j nest day when Ah Hung demanded, whe- : tlier I went to Sunday school. I am past j the age, if not the necessity, for Sunday ! schools, and, I replied "No." He shook his . head, and said, "That velly bad; Missy ! should go Sunday school. I go." Then he j added, with evident covcern and some \ doubt for the Bafety of my soul, "I hope ! Missy loves Jesud". Him very good fellow.! I love him terribly much." Surely this is \ turning the tables in the converting line, j Major G. C. Johnston, of Fitzroy, re- ] cently back from an eight months' cam-1 paign in South Africa, tells how he dis- j cussed with Mr. Barnes, of the "New York ! Herald," the question of Modder River I township, whicn he describes as the dus-*i tiesfc and unpleasantest spot that he Eaw there. Mr. Barnes asserted that Modder ; River was worse than Slieol. "Not quite that," said Major Johnston. "You still have the worst to face." Mr. Barnes thought for a moment and then replied- I "Well, Johnston, if I owned Sheol and ! Modder River, 1 d let Modder River and live in Sheol." j To get a good seat at the public reception to Mr. Edmund Barton in the Sydney Town-hall most of Hie citizens were obliged to forgo their evening ineal, or have it an hour earier than usual. At half-past 6 crowds were waiting outside, and at half post 7 the place was packed. Some ladies who appeared in evening dress must cer: tniuly nave "commenced dressing" in the' afternoon. One lady compromised effects by wearing a black ball gown and long white kid gloves; over that she wore a big fringed travelling cloak, and a summer bon net. She was prepared for all emergencies. Queensland's federal delegate was so late that Mr. Barton and his committee were obliged to walk on witftout him. Mr. Dics. son arrived ia dress clothes, which doubt less accounted for his dilatory appearance. The only buttonhole was worn by the Pre mier, Sir William Lyne, whose title proved a stumbling-block to Mr. Barton the whole evening. Sir William is never without a buttonhole now. and this time it was a big white rose. Almost immediately after tne proceedings began all the men on the plat form faced the organ while the photo grapher turned on the flashlight. Upstairs. in the galleryMrs.Bartpn'sfriendswere all "dying to. speak to lifer, bat they had to wait till the meeting was all over. She re- , ceived quite all "ovation" in the corridor. ' Her jacket and skirt was of blue doth, with rows and rows of braiding in silver and blue. Her black tulle toque was trimmed with rows of narrow straw, And sprays of flowers. Miss Miiffy Barton, who haa "just got her hair up." has pretty fluffy ba'ir, too, and bright pins: cheeks. She sat J with Sir Joseph Abbott's daughter in ttie j second row, and looked exciteu and glad to behold her parents again. She has been \ staying in Queensland ivitli relations whilst Mr. and Mrs. Barton were in England. Their eldest son is at Oxford. , Sydney people who don't happen to be millionaires-and they- are~not few-are casting about for something new in the way of inexpensive entertainments (a correspon dent writes). The "novel tea" which came last year is considered quite out this. "Play teas," at which the guests endea voured to impersonate such titles aa "Why Smith left home," "What happened to Jones," &c.;, are played out. A girl I have met told her betrothed that her mother in tended giving a "magazine tea"-the very latest idea. "Please don't ask me," be im plored don't want a blowing up from your jreople." Recently a Woollahra lady gave a "donkey tea," which proved a bril liant success. To this she invited all her friends-intellectual and otherwise - and when they got there they were shown a j white paper tailless donkey affixed I to the drawingroom wall. Each guest, blindfolded, was requested to advance and pin a paper tail to tfafe poor donkey. Of course na one managed to put it in the place where the tail'ought to grow. The others stood round and laughed till their tarn came. "Adver tisement teas" are the very latest thing; thinking devices out imposed a great strain on the intellects of "sociable people." Last week at an "advertisement evening" a lady had pinned to her bodice the visiting card of Dr. Ashburton Thompson (of the Ss'dney Board of Health). "What is he?" j the guests all queried after vain attempts at (guessing. "Rough on rats" was the reply. | This won" the lady's prize. A man j sported a tiny black coffin ornamented with silver. Over this was suspended a tooth. That was "Tooth's Bier." The men's prize went to a youth trho had sus pended a blue ticket and a white ticket to his buttonhole. "Oh, you're seidlitz pow iders, that's easily seen," cried everyone. ; "Am I? Well, I'm not. Those are Beau 1 champ's Pills." | A matron, /who looks 10 years vounger than she is (writes "St. Leonards"), asked | a friend in town (she herself lives in an | up-country township) to send her a good i novel. The friend responded with "A I Woman of Forty," and, as evil stars would ihave it, the book arrived on the evening 'that the forty-year-old lady was celebrating I her "thirty-first" birthday. The sender ! did not know or care about the birthday ! its fact or its fiction-and she is still won dering why the young-old matron sent her ! a week later a- little book entitled "How j to be Pretty though Plain," with inscribed in the fly-leaf, "One good turn deserves another." Now, who says we aren't'ready : for the franchise? j One of Phil. May's sketches (in his "An ' nual") was reproduced (says "St. I Leonards") at the meeting that listened to j ! Mr. Barton's account of his federal steward ship. Laboriously making their way up the ] central aisle, that was crowded with stand ing men, came two children-a battered looking girl of about nine years leading a ragged child of perhaps three, with a "bashed" hat and bandy legs. The pair got well to the front, and listened with outstretched necks to the portly gentleman speaking behind the chaste water-bottle. They were exactly like the children in the cartoon to which I refer, and which was entitled "Social Intelligence: 'Our Billy's i'ad 'is neck washed.'" Their disgust must have been profound when they realised that Mr. Barton wasn't going to do a song and dance. Just as he was telling the audience of "the delegates' difficulty in meeting the massive and pointed intellect Â»of that brilliant Imperial statesman Mr. Chamberlain," and just as the admiring audience was thinking "not more massive and pointed than your own," the elder flotsam swung round disdainfully and left the hall, dragging the younger jetsam be hind her. Twenty years hence, when Mr. Barton's iron-grey head is as white as Mr. Dan. O'Connor's, "our Billy" may be standing for a federal electorate, and his aster (the franchise in vogue) will -be a* seiting ifiat "she's jost ot age uoiv ana can vote." Mr. Barton faced the audi ence, and then rightabout-faced to the flash light photographers, looking Just the same as when he left us. We expected to see a likencea to fhe "Westminster Budget a kangaroo, wllo complained that if he were banquetted much more he would never be able to jump again. This is the . story from Sydney of a girl, a pivot - tooth, and an officer invalided from South Africa, and it is true. The girl has a pretty stadia in town; also -she wears a pivot-tooth in the front of her mouth, and she has an exaggerated idea of her "hideousness when the ivory is not in its niche. Before the war she and the officer were ballroom ana picnic acquaintances-nothing more. Be- . cently, when she was painting wattle on a black screen, a knock came, Â«uid she said, "Come in." The young officer entered, and the girl was bo astonished thai she gave a loud gasp, the pivot- tooth flew ont, and in an instant she was crying hysterically or laughing so od her knees at the officer s feet. lie did not liotice the tooth s fall J she was crying to cover it with her skirts, and at the same time entreating him to "Go out, go out! Don't come back till I call you." He was bo much mystified and alarmed that he wanted to fetch a doctor -one versed in hysteria. After the tootn had been caught and he was recalled, his manner was constrained and distant. The girl did not explain, as she should have done, but kept up a ripple of half-tearful mirth. That evening, when he^ waa smoking, he remarked to his sisters, "It is a funny world, and strange tilings happen in it. For instance, a girl whom I looked upon just as a iiice acquaintance was so overcome to-day by my unexpected return that she fell on her knees and became hys terical." Then he sighed, and said he mustn't go to that studio any more. I went to see two attractive sisters I know well at 11 a.m., when 1 thought "morning tea" would bo "now on' (writes a correspondent from Sydney j. \\\ hen I ar rived they were dressing to go into town shopping, and snatching sip* of tea be tween whiles." I attempted to ask toe cause of tbeir excitement. It was only that they had received an invitation to_a garden "party at Government- house. nÂ« have to rnsh in first thing. Jones s have just got in their muslins. The pret nest ones will all be snapped up in a week, ana we won't get a show." I suggested that it was too cold to be thinking of muslins. J bars just it," put in the fair one: "here am i shivering with cold. That beastly westerly wind, which is as bad as the cast winds of London, just makes me mad. "Yes, Her sister said; "Trissie gets so angrv her hair goe= out of curl, her nose gets red and her cheeks blue, and she declares that her skirts fly about in the breeze more than mine, though the same dressmaker made both from the same pattern. . Ana to think," moaned Trissie, "that we simply must go in these awful days and buy mus lins." After the worst was over they asked me to come with them. I went, i heir faces were a picture of dismay and despair when thev discovered their particular shopman "serving," and every girl they knew, per sonally or by sight almost, beat ^"Jengy on the same errand, all claraoui mg for "prettv-flowered organdies. 11 have to take the ones they don t happen to like," sulked the youngest, * and they 11 know the price of the ones we do bu>. "That is if we ever do get sened, tne eldest chipped in. Many meetings have been held Sydney Town-hall to arrange about c.ie bah to be held the first week m September, m aid of the Children's Hospital (writes a corre spondent). It is a most influential commit tee Miss J. Martin is hon. secretary; Miss Eadith Walker and Mrs. Toohey a5'e treasurers. Some men attend tL meetines, though of course there are far more ladies than men. They have decided aftei many consultations to hold an 'Advertisement, Fancv-dress, and Masked Ball. W ncn the idea was first mooted one committee-man remarked, "The worst of it is that at a fancv-dress ball so many people come m no costume at all." .The ladies all J^ked at once to hide their confusion ,Â£hre"mÂ£Â° asked him "What he meant by that, tie meant that mey came in plain evening dress. Peonle passing by the new Masonic-hall, Svdnev, recently were startled on hearing a jangle of stringed instruments .teome of our oartv (writes "Gaia ) went in to in quire; and returned with tlie news that it wis a Chinese opera, bemg celebrated as a thanksgiving to the Son of the Moon tor exterminating rats and the plague. A quaint picture was to be seen on the. Busheutter Bay Oval, Sydney, wheni B Melanesian boys, brought tvom the islands by Bishop Wilson, of Melanesia played a Sydney cricket team, captained by Mr- L. T. Lloyd". Among the onlookers were the Archbishop of Sydney and the Bishop of South Tokio, Japan. Bishop Wilson used to play for Kent, and twice batted against Australian Elevens. The Melanesian boys played with uncovered heads and bare teet, and chattered incessantly in Mota. \% iÂ«Â» their frizzy heads and. bright red shirts, they looked quite picturesque. They were young people, and faueied themselves desperately in love. He was but nineteen, she was just seventeen, lne old folks were dismayed at first, then they laughed. "What does it matter i they said. "A boy and girl engagement. Let it alone, and it will die a natural death. So they were let alone, and the young things were discreet endugh to do no love making under their parents Â«oses- Ibey did a little nevertheless. One day. the young lady's room was vacant, and there was a note on her dressing-table that, like her parents, she objected to_long engagements; therefore she and tier adored one were going to be married. fImpossi ble! "safdWfather. ..Howrcmant.cr simpered the maiden aunt. But he tos flniv j?7o a vear! cried tb6 mot Iter- 1 wy ^ S to *wÂ« or though P>Â»4 2SST.& too tBU !Â»'Â»Â«; "But 1 just did consider her, bVurtedfottt the lad in aggrieved tones. I dvd consider her. She was always asking me to n^rry her, and so, of course, at laBt 1 did v At au up-country church ''a'Way ba'<: vestry had great difficulty?.*-#!!* dist, but he had 110 pahenoe with vestments," and no reverence for chvrA dignitaries. Thither c^e the ' was received by the chiwfehw becoming respect.. The verger! ..I .'J I JU-;-,! ft* ?""*Â£1, "H* ~vt *%* JJið”™?' -si.' f <w<v*'t*4* swiKfc. ?' ?--vr<. ^v-j- Â«&Â»;*, ffvÂ» Vvf Â»-SP* fc*T* ' 0.vsÂ» vÂ» i.,r Â» ju*v<,-*K," Â«.*i Ajf Â«a r-.'vÂ». ~W>&, fÂ® V-v* .Â£'.Â»>. irsA na4 -, s-wn, Wrfna&i; fw >*?.. *-.Â«.Â« Â»v/Â»..r.*' 'TÂ«.* #*iÂ«# *>.Â» . Â»Â« >s4*>. X Â»*Â»-i X;Â» \f " .,Â«- -fijf f.v * i.'V . *,v^< >.,. v? T''.Â»* ? ****. .Â» s .'.Â»..>?.; "? Â« ?>>:>.'- 1 /fov. .r / Ava>'". 'a ... * ; '?,- w. .n.-- !>*? ?vi *?Â»Â«? fÂ«.-t , IS- x /f.-< j ''..>? ^j*5" I ; ..>. - ':*!??*.; *?'*: ; /.v '(aÂ« te-i}'?*- :*?<.?*?? w *Â£>.-Â«* -ar .. . ...? * *. . '. ? .* >. ' Â»>> f' ;.-i - -x# . ' r? -V . <vi>~ -.e *5 Â»/, itir ?. '-. 'jti*. Sit '. 'Jf.f .-7 .Â» Vij JVS U*' vii *'..?,* * !fv. f-Vii-Tf,>. Â»?* .? HÂ» t>vr. v. ?<?_Â» * * Â«? / *-zt .;*>. _ Aft ?? ?" ?-?> Â»*!?> vÂ«."i *r.vtjr*.. S4M -vs ft v, >?;; .'. Â» Â«" *A f/v- -! '? ??,?/.??? , ??. -s-,, , / . - ' . iv5-.* 