st. mary's cathedral opening. to the editor. filr, — At a mooting of the Evangollcal Council, held to-day. lli.o following resolutions wero adopt ed, and directed to ho sent for publication, viz.: — 1\. That tills con noli notch Hint at tlio official opening of SI. Mary's Roman Cathollo Cathedral, oil Suiiduy Inst, Ills Excellency tho Governor attended In his official capacity as representative of licr Majesty tho Qoecn, nnd was accompanied by their Excellencies tlio Governors or Queens land ami Now Guinea, who also attended In ofll- clal costume and style. Tlio council also notes that his Worship tho Mayor raid i, ' or ofilclal poi'sonuges aro reported to have been present la their official capacities. 2\. That ou Hint occasion, and In presence of his Excelloncy, the appointed preacher (Dr. Redwood) is reported to lmvn said:— "Tho lenders and founders of Protestantism— Luther, Calvin and Zwlngll, etc.— wero notorious for their vices . . . Protestantism covered Europo with blood and ruins in tlio lt'.tit century, and has over since boon tlio helper and instrument of tho worst foes of Christianity, u desecrated tlio homo, it polluted tho nuptial bed, it lowered the dignity of womanhood, it devastated the school 1111(1 stopped the progress of science. In flue' neither Protestants nor Greek schismatics have shown that the action o '.ho Holy Ghost la with thorn. Their ministers ..avo no lawful mission 1111(1 they cannot say that they havo been sent by Jesus Christ. . . . Have they (th.o Protestant denominations) any of the marks ot the truo Church— unity, sanctity, cuthollcRv, and anne tollelty ? Surely not." ' 1 b" 3\. Tho council notes that, so far as is reported theso words woro listened to without protest bv her Majesty's representatives. It regards theso statements as a direct calumny on her Majesty as the most Illustrious member of ihe am..h„.,,. Church, to which the preacher specially referred and on all her subjects of the I'rolcstant faith' and In listening to llicm without protest his Excellency and the other public ollle.lals present wero made to appear to be parties to an attack upon tbo faith held by our Sovereign and an overwhelming majority of her Engllsh-speakinc subjects. 4\. The council also regards the statements made with reference to tho pollutlou of the nup tial bed and tliu desecration of tho homo as an Implication ot personal immorality on the part of members of the Protestant communions. Tlio council, therefore, feels strongly that by his action on the occasion, Ills Excellency permitted and was made to appear to sanction an act ot dishonor of her Majesty and her co-rellglonlsts iu these realms, and therefore desires to express In the most public way lis disapproval and repro bation of tlio .same. 5\. The council would also point out that by her Majesty's oath her attendance at. tho Mass Is pre cluded; and It is therefore a matter ot surprise that, her Majesty's representative iu New South Wales should have done that which her Majesty herself is by oath disallowed from doing.— Yours etc., W. M. DILL MACKY, President; E. PRICE F COLWELL, Hon. Sees. ' ' September 13. 