How to Promote Vocations to the Priesthood in Aus tralia- £By the- Late Very Rev. Fr. Plunkett, C.SS.R., in the Australasian Catholic Record. "The harvest indeed is great, but the labourers are few. Pray ye therefore the Lord -of the harvest that He send forth labourers unto His harvest." Matt. c. 9, v. '37 and 38. The object of the present paper is to offer a 'few suggestions regard- ing the practical means to be em ployed in encouraging and fostering vocations to the priesthood in Aus tralia. I can only attempt to put before you certain thoughts which have occurred to my mind from time , to time during my long experience in the sacred ministry, adding at the same time what I have been able to glean from a little desultory reading on the subject. v i. Consideration which the im portance of the Subject Demands. The matter,, all must acknowledge, is supremely important, and presses itself on our consideration in view of the rapid growth and development of the Church, which has already made such giant strides in this land since the fetters with which persecu tion sought to bind her. fell from her fair limbs. Hitherto the spiritual wants of Australian Catholics have been sup plied for the most part from the proline - missionary sou ot Ireland. No doubt, a deep debt is due to the : . Church in France for the many excellent and holy missionaries .she has sent us. Nor can we forget that England, out of her spiritual pov erty, has given us a Polding, an Ullathorne, a Davis and a Vaughan. But though the missionary stream still continues to flow from the per ennial well-spring of the " Island of Saints and Scholars " (and we should be sorry to see it dried up or diverted), still.it is time after a cen tury's growth that the Church in Australia should put forth the bud and blossom of a native Priesthood. 2\. The Church favours and de sires a native Priesthood. ' The policy of the- Church in every age has been to form a native clergy in every land where she has found a pw A lt a V\/no4>1 Art «ttk A lUUltlig J. Liw JllOL npUoUvSj W 14 U .went forth from Jerusalem to con vert the nations of the world, or dained as they went priests and bishops among the peoples whom they converted. And this desire of the Church for a "local clergy is as marked to-day as in any former age.. 3\. Efforts maide in AuSstralia. In Australia it has found expres sion in the efforts made by Arch bishop Polding, of saintly memory, to establish St. Mary's Seminary. He was' followed by the first Bishop of Bathurst, Dr. Matthew Quinn, who at considerable expense raised a magnificent pile of buildings . at Bathurst ; and many a priest is now working in Australia who received his ecclesiastical education in St. Charles's Seminary. But' it was reserved for the present Cardinal Archbishop, the founder of the noble College of St. Patrick which crowns the. Manly heights, to give an im petus to clerical studies and ecclesi- £ astical vocations which had never before been felt in Australia. That College is indeed a veritable " Sermon in Stone," and will for ages, preach to the children of this land the sub limity of the priesthood, and create within- their young hearts a holy . aspiration to be numbered among . its ranks, and a desire to 'offer "them selves at such a noble shrine to the service of -the great High Priest- Jesus Christ. Already, brief as is the existence of Manly College, a goodly number of our Australian youth has been attracted to its halls,, .and a strong contingent of young Australian priests trained to piety and virtue by its past and present presidents and professors, and equipped with abundant stores of . sacred science, have gone forth to take their place among the " Reapers » of'the Harvest." 4\. Comparative Dearth of Voca tions in Australia. But while in many countries there is a superabundance of priests in proportion to the Catholic population, here in Australia, as well as in Eng land and America, there are, alas! too few. What is the cause of this ? It seems to me to come, to some extent, at least, from the active com mercial spirit which has got such a hold on the world, and from an inordinate love of pleasure and in dependence, unwisely fostered in our Australian youth, and a consequent unwillingness on their part to sub- . mit to any kind of restraint. A. want of robust faith and simple piety in our . Catholic homes 1 and amonsr our Catholic, people, who to a great extent have become imbued with the worldly spirit of the age, is also, in no small degree, accountable for the absence of ecclesiastical vocations in the children. Then the position of a priest is ho longer considered so honourable as in earlier days. The ' work, especially in a new country I like this is hard and often unthank- 1 ful, and in many cases the latter days ! of a priest are not always the most peaceful and happy. What measures then are to .be taken in the face of these difficulties- to .encourage and foster vocations. to the priesthood ? 5\. Necessity of a Divine Vocation. t nOA/1 hof/llt coif funf o irn/tn uwwu. . uaiuijr oaj biiat c v UL>aiiUii is not a thing to be bought or' ac quired by human means or influence. . It is God's own creation. "The Church," says St. Leo the Great " does not accept as priests any but such as the Holy Ghost has pre pared, so that they are called to guide God's people, not by reason of earthly preferences, but by the unction of Heavenly grace." Our Lord Himself said to those whom He called, " non vos me elegistis, sed ego elegi vos et posui vos ut eatis et fructum, efferatis " (John xl 16). And His Apostles' give the , well-known warning: " Let no. man take unto himself the honour but he I that is called by God as Aaron was." 1 (Heb. v. 4). No degree of sanctity, I no amount of learning, can supply ! the place of a call from God. The ! priesthood is not a profession which | one is free to adopt or not, like that of a lawyer, physician, soldier or merchant. It is the outcome of a Divine call which makes itself heard in the heart of him who is chosen, and which generally, manifests itself in a desire, not unmixed with fear, to attain to the office- and dignity of the priesthood, always supposing, the intellectual and physical capacity for carrying out its duties. 6\. Necessity of Early Training of Aspirants. to the .Priest-- ' hood. . Now, although " the Spirit breathes where he wills," and calls some in an extraordinary " manner, like St. Paul, ' some out .of heresy like St. Augustine, or the two great English cardinals, Newman and Manning, and so many others with them ; and, while many are allowed to live for a time in the world following, perhaps, some secular profession like St. Ignatius or St. Alphonsus, as a general rule the vocation declares -itself in very early life. A boy of ten or twelve years of age is forid of the Church, loves to serve at the altar, has a great respect and affec- tiqn for the priest. He begins already to feel an attraction to the Sacred Ministry, ' and, perhaps, " plays at- priest " with his little brothers and sisters, as we read of many who are now among the Saints. The Hqly Council of Trent, recognising the early appearance of vocations, says : " Whereas youth, unless rightly trained, is prone to i follow. the amusements of the world, ' and unless it be educated from its tender years to piety, before habits of eyil have taken possession of the whole man, it' will, never without the extraordinary help of God, persevere in the ecclesiastical state." And -so the Holy Council directs that every diocese, according to its means and extent, should, in a college set apart for this sole purpose (and distinct from the Seminary), educate a cer tain number of boys in ecclesiastical discipline and suitable studies. " Into this college," the Council says, " shall be received such boys as are at least twelve years old, born in lawful wedlock, who have a com petent knowledge of how to read and write, and whose morals afford a hope that they will always persevere in the ecclesiastical ministry." Fur-_ ther, the Council expresses a wish that the children of the poor should be chiefly selected for these schools, though it does not exclude the chil dren of the more wealthy, provided they show signs of a true vocation. The substance of these wise ad monitions are embodied in the decrees of the Plenary Councils held in Sydney in 1885 and 1895. 7\. How Vocations are to be Fostered. Influence of . the Mother. It is in the above words of the Council of Trent that we find a key to the solution of the question— how to foster vocations to the. priesthood. First, the budding vocation is to be watched, protected and fostered. That is, the child who at an early age shows such signs as I have indi cated should be dealt with in a special, and, I might say, sacred manner by those ; whose duty it is. to do so. And upon whom, if not the parents, especially the mother, does this duty devolve ? The mother has the greatest influence in mould ing the child's character, and invari ably we find holy priests, now in the catalogue of the Saints, ascribe any good found in them to the example and training of a good mother. " It I is true," says Count de Maistre, I " that woman has written , no Iliad, no Hamlet, no Paradise Lost. They have designed no great cathedrals, composed no ' Messiah, ' carved no Apollo Belvidere. They have in vented neither algebra, nor telescope nor steam engine. But they have done something far greater and J better than any of these. They have trained at their knees and given to-us upright and virtuous men and women, the most excellent produc- ductions of the world," and, let me add, they have supplied the sanctuary iinf n iff Ki«iffl»farf Afnoivinnfe onn f k a . VVICIJ. lia Ul UI IJCLillwliLw a Li \a lilt? 1 Church militant with its greatest soldiers. Samuel was not only the child, of his mother's prayers, but his noble priestly character was the fruit of the development, which his early vocation received under the hands of Anna. Of the mother of the great St. Athanasius we read that seeing the early signs of voca tion in her child she said to herself, " I will, with God's help train this child to be a man of the Church." 8\. Duties oe the Mother. Are our Australian, matrons suffi ciently alive to their responsibilities in this matter P is a question we may reasonably ask. Has the spirit of worldliness, so sadly prevalent amongst us,, found its way' into the Catholic home — transforming the gentle vigilant guardian and .direct ress of the souls entrusted to her care into a mere worldly woman who simply wants to see her children in a position ." to do for themselves ?" Are there not some Catholic mothers who would prefer for their sons the honours of the world to the drudgery of the priesthood ? Who would regard a commission in the Imperial army as more honourable than the service of the sanctuary, and the Victoria Cross a more desirable deco ration than the Roman Collar? It would be beside the scope of this paper to discuss the means of pro moting and safeguarding the sanctity of the Catholic home. It will prob ably form the subject of a special j paper. But whatever may be said I of the extent to which the material ism of the age has made its influence felt in family life or how far it has hindered the development ! of ecclesi astical vocations in Australia, this much, at all events we can say : that if such vocations are to be forth coming in proportion to, the. growing necessities of the Church in these " . . -1". 'J"'"' .X lands, the fine old Catholic spirit of faith and piety must enter in and retain possession of our Catholic homes, and the Catholic mother take her place as the priestess of the family, ready at all times to sacrifice parental affection to the interests of the Kingdom of God. 9\. How the Catholic Teacher \- may Help. At our Catholic schools,-- too, a vocation may be effectually fostered by the1 care and vigilance of our devoted Catholic teachers, as I have known to be done in more than one case both by. nuns and Christian Brothers. Teachers would do well to encourage the reading . of the litmo r\f tKfl Qointe omnnrref tKaiV ii Wu \Jlm tuw LU&1L best boys, especially the lives of those Saints who laboured so success fully for the salvation of souls. A . pious and devoted- teacher, though . he cannot give a vocation, can do much to inspire a leaning to the service of the sanctuary,, and can bring out and cherish a vocation the signs of , which the parents may not be able to detect. 10\. Duties and Opportunities of the .Clergy. But. parents, though; pious, and good and conscious of the responsi bility, need direction and advice in- the work of training the young levite.- And, moreover,. what if the lack of worldly goods looms as an obstacle to the accomplishment of. thfiir hralv dp.sirp ? Nnw hpr« nrp. sents itself a very wide and promis ing field for the special zeal of our priests. Let me quote for you th i words of the Australian Plena.; / . Council held in Sydney in 1893 : ' We exhort in the Lord all prie.- having the care of souls, and e 1 - nestly implore them to seek, u it amongst respectable Catholic fani.- lies youths who seem fitted for or called to the clerical, state. If they .find any such boys of good disposi tions, pious, and. of devout and generous soul, and inclined for study ; who manifest a desire of dedicating themselves to the service of the altar, let them cultivate their piety,, carefully "hourish the germs of voca tion, and endeavour to remove what ever might be a hindrance to them in embracing the clerical state." Here pastors and - priests ,are ex- nortea — 1. 10 exercise vigilance in selecting boys from their flock. 2. To foster the germs of vocation by teaching them practices of piety and . virtue as well as the rudiments of science. 3. To try and remove im pediments to their following the divine call. These, impediments are chiefly two: the necessity of re maining in the world and mixing up with boys whose aspirations are of a worldly character, or whose habits are not virtuous. Such companion ship, whether at school or at busi ness, if family circumstances should require the boy to go to business, would be extremely dangerous, and might influence the susceptible mind of a bov of tender vears in a direc- tion altogether opposed to the spirit of- the priesthood. The other im pediment is the lack of the pecuniary means to procure the necessary edu cation. In Catholic countries many zealous priests take such boys under their own roof and train them in the ways of piety and virtue, as'well as in the rudiments of a classical and scrip- '/ tural education. But in this coun try, where pioneer work is still the order !of the day, our Hard-worked priests ha.ve not the time nor the opportunity to follow such . an ex ample. Yet I have known a few who attempted it, and with excellent results. Nor have we ,in Australia, those " Little Seminaries," as they are called, where young boys are taught the humanities, and where their vocation is tested and developed Hy experienced masters. But there is a means by which our priests could help in this work -which ought to be (dear to them. They could them selves bear the expense in- 'whole or in .part, according to their means, in the education of one or more such' - boys.. Or they could direct - the ' charity of their more wealthy par- ish'ioners to this most laudable end. . Very little, if any,, such help as this- has been rendered to the Church in Australia. Many of our. 'wealthy > and fashion-loving Catholics com plain that our young priests are not always up to the mark, but they never think of offering to found a burse or defray . the expense of even . one priest's, education. Now the . Church has expressed her desire; as ;\ve know from the Council of Trent, that vocations to the priesthood should be sought out chiefly amongst the children of the poorer classes, thus evidently implying the obliga tion of the more wealthy among the priests, and laity to provide the' means of their education. I have known some priests, even since I came to Australia, to do this; and happy beyond measure they were when they saw the little boy they had taken up so kindly and gener ously, at length ascend the altar clothed in the priestly garments and invested with the mighty powers of the priesthood. A priest on the American mission told me more than twenty, years ago that with the first money he had been able to put aside he had educated one priest, arid that when he came out both had put their / V heads together and educated two ' more; and he added, "thai I" con- . sider the best use priest or layman could put his money to— to. give a priest to God and to the Church." How many good and. promising youths have I not met who,. by their love for the altar and attachment- to ' priests, by their quick talents and gentle disposition,. evidenced unmis takable signs of fittingness for the C sacred Ministry, but for want' of, means had to abandon the idea of ever becoming priests. I once met in England a young man of five-and- twenty, an Irishman by birth, who was a teacher in a small grammar school; he had no means besides. the small salary he received, and conse- quently could not give up his situa tion to study for the priesthood, for which he had long felt an attraction . Having been refused' admission to a religious order because he did not know Latin, he was taken up by the , , then Bishop of Sal'ford, now Car- ' dinal Archbishop of Westminster, who told me that he was one of the best priests he had. Our priests then ought to interest themselves in this holy work, and to put before the people their obligation not only . to, support the pastors of the Church, but to provide ' according to their means for giving pastors to the Church, especially by fostering the vocation of young boys whose parents are not in good cir cumstances, and enable them to enter the seminary at an early age,' where alone they can preserve the bloom of innocence and escape tne contagion of a worldly spirit. ii. A Reminder for the Laity. Nor would it be too much to ex pect that our Australian Catholics, who have shown such praiseworthy generosity in supporting the primary parochial schools, would stretch out a helping hand in such a work, of charity. It is indeed a charity, that may well-be called a privilege, for if they should live 'to see a boy they had thus helped stand upon the altar of God to offer the most Holy Sacri-, flee of the Mass and become, per- v haps, the saviour of multitudes' of souls— is not this a privilege ? And what a consolation for such persons when they come to die; to 'remember that.- they leave behind them one who will offer the Holy Sacrifice1 for the repose of their souls ! In earlier times those who possessed means thought they Could not; better employ , their worldly, goods than by founding burses for the education of ecclesi astical students, or, if they were sufficiently rich, by establishing and endowing colleges. In our . days a rich gentleman, a convert, estab lished a college at Bruges in. Bel gium for the education of priests for the English mission, and we all know what- has been done lately in America bp a rich young lady, Miss Caldwell, who founded the magnificent Cath- \- olic University of Washington. 12\. The Great Means of Prayer. . But this is a work whlch/is/o be. done especially by .prayer ; ana this is within. t.he: reach of. ail — bishops and priests:' seculars and religious, laymen, women, and even children. Both' rich 'and poor, all can and ougbi; to help; in this way,, for it is expressly enjoined by our Lord ., '.Himself : . "/ffie harvest indeed is . great, but the labourers few. Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that; he send labourers into His ' harvest." The harvest of souls, is enormous— f-all the heathens to, be converted,: all the heretics to be brought back to the fulness of faith, all the schismatics to be restored to ,the: unity- ,of the Church,, all the bad , , Catholics to be - reconciled to , God, all the good ones to be pre served in virtue and holiness of life. Arid that harvest is. God's own. AH arejHis creatures, made tp His image, - redeemedby the Blood of His Son and destined to share in his- Eternal kingdom. He can send labourers in abundance without being asked, butit is His expressed will that we shdpld ask, /or them, and surely, as St/Augustine says, " if He tells , us ' to ask He intends to hear our payer." The Churchy recognising this has from time immemorial ordained the fast' of the Ember Days, the Litanies of the Rogation Days, and the Divine Office to bev recited? by priests land religious for this end. The late Father Bridgett, C.SS.R., in his excellent little work, " Reapers for the Harvest," from which I have taiken many of the ideas here set down recommends for thig object the recital of the " Litany of the Saints," ii8 which so many holy bishops and; priests are invoked, or the Rosary of our Blessed Lady who is the Queen of Apostles. / . ' 13. Summary..; To sum up : 1. A native clergy equipped in every reispect for , the duties of their sacred ministry, must be formed and maintained, if Jthe future /requirements of the Church throughout Australia are to be adequately satisfied. 2\. Inasmuch as the mother has the most potent influence in moulding the child's character and fostering the . germ of a vocatipn, a constant supply of zealous Australian priests will be forthcoming as , long as, and no longer than, the grand old Catholic spirit of faith and piety holds possession in the Catholic home. 3\. Catholic teachers may do a. great work by taking a special interest in those youths who show an inclination for the priestly' . state,. . encouraging them by every means in their power,; and by developing in '> them a, taste for spiritual reading especially the lives of the Saints /and. Servants of God. » 4; The clergy themselves must exercise vigilance and care by noting among the members of their flock such boys as give fair promise of a divine vocation, by zealously guard ing them from the contamination of 'the world, and, above all, by bearing the expense in whole or in part of the education of one or more such boys. 5\. Wealthy and even well-to-do Catholics should be "frequently re minded of their duties in this matter The spiritual advantages and con- 1 solation to be gained by the estab- lishment of burses should be pointed, out to them 'when opportunity offers. 6\. But above all things, let clergy and laity unite in earnest supplication , to the Lord of the harvest that He would look down mercifully on this fair land of Australia — the latest fruit of the prayers and passion of His Divine Son, so that not even one sheaf of the harvest/ may be allowed to perish for the want of holy and competent reapers. W. Plunkett, C.SS.R. Perth, W.A. . Printed and published for the Right Rev» M. Gibney , at the office of the " Yf.A. $ Record," 260 Bay street , Perth, &V; Michael Laurence Hickey. 