CONFERENCE TEA AND PUBLIC IMEETINQG. The proceedings on Tuesday evening were of nn enjoyable character. At 6 o'clock a most success. ful conference tea was served in the schboolroom, there being a crowded attendance. The ladies worked with enthusiasm and energy and the spread was worthyof the occnsion. Ten tables were pro vided, seven of which (including one by the bachelors) were given and the others provided by subseoription. The following ladies presided at the tables:-Mesdames J. Morgan, P. 8. Grunsell, and D. Morgan ; Mesdames P. Hlaigh and E. Ashley; Mesdames Jos. "Wright and Rose; Mesdames A. Dean and 8. Bailey; I?esdames H. nd A. Kadwell; Mesedames E. Crozier, J. Roberte, and Miss E. Holden; M?Isdames Johnson and Bennett; iMrse, Hockaday and Miss E.. Hookaday; Mrs. Fearrant and Miss Malcolm; Misses M. Morgan and A. Phillips. The Hen. J. Cook, MB.P, presided at the public meeting, which was held in the church. The building was filled to overflowing. The chairman, in a neat speech, said it was most appropriate with federation in the air that the con ferences should meet in Goulburn, especially when they considered their aspirations for the federal capital. They had boeen discussing another kind of federation that day in their conference, their union with a sister church, and they had arrived at cer tain resolutions which he ventured to think, lshoobgh some might not hold that opinion, would help forward the oause rather than retard it. They were there that evening to give them a sample of what their church could do in producing speakers on up-to-date topics. They were almost at the end of the century, and it was peculiarly a time for ecolesiastical stook-taking, for a casting up of ao counts with the old century. In making a choice of subjects for the meeting they had kept that idea steadily in view, and discussing such subjects as those set down at a Peimitivo Methodist Counference indicated a great step forward. Before concluding the chairman referred to Mir. Parr's projected de parture to the old country, and he sincerely wished him God-speed and a prosperous, peaceful, and successful existence on the other side of the world. Rev. T. Parr, M.A., gave an address on " The Theological Development of the 1901h Century." He handled his subject in a schelarly and masterly manner and gave a highly instructive analysis of the development of theological thought during the century. Ho said he would have found it much easier to treat the subject in a course of a dozen lectures than in the brief time allottel to him that evening. He said the old-fashioned belief that the science of God like God Himself must be noohangeable had given place to a more progressive spirit, and, indeed, it would be a shameful thing if in this century of progress in every other department of human lifo there was no growth in that queen of the sciences, theology. The doctrine of the Bible was progress, and they found it in the words "from grace to grace and from glory to glory;" and the applica tion of the soientiflo principle of evolution to the Bible had made it a new book to the Christian of the 19th century. They had seen in this century what was known to all students as the movement of the Higher Criticism. It had been sneered at by foolish people who knew nothing about it, but if they read some of its literature and looked into its researches it seemed to him their eneers would die. It might be carried to excess by some, and people began to fear that the Bible would be taken from them, but they were foolish fears. The higher criticism that took into account the marvellons dis coveries of modern times toended to sweep away the clouds of dust and the mists of understanding as the smoke from the battlefield, but the grand old mountain of God yet stood immovable and unmoved with its top at the eternal throne. They accepted the doctrine that the Bible is inspired of God, and is amply suffoicient to guide the soul and the world to God and glory hereafter. Thero had been a great battle during the century over the super natural, but the materialists had been driven back, nod they took shelter in the agnostic attitutide. Even Herbert Spencer had to ceknowledge Ihero was a thought, an intelligence, a personality, and a plan in the world, and if the scientist could not give that supernatural power a name the Christian could, and he cried " God lives." lr. Parr aleo touohod upon the doctrine of sin and the dootrino of the fall, and explained the great change that had taken place in the old Calvinistic creed of torment. At the same time hell had not been put out of the way, for the consequences of sin were eternal. The 19th oentury had also sooeen a grand revelation in connection with the personality of Christ. In the olden times they tried to make Him out a ghost, but men had learned to see Christ with their spiritual eyes, and the present attitude of the cburch, he ventured to say, would be the priceless inheritance for thebo church in the ages to come. Christ was seen tobe working in the lives of men and through out society as a glorious leaven, and humanitarian prinoiples were at work on all hands for bettering the conditions of the human race. The Hen. J. Blankesby followed with an address on " Ohristianity and Patriotism," in which he pointed out in an interesting way the demands which Christianity made on the patriotism of the individual. IHe said the well-known epigram that the best thing a man could do for his country was to die for it had been very much improved upon by a speaker who said the boest thing to do was to die for it through 50 years of self- sacrificing life and service. If Christianity be properly understood a man could no mor e be indifferent to the welfare and prosperity of his country than to his own family and personal interests. They took a pride in the two British speaking races because they stood in the forefront of civilisation, progress, and development, and had done the most up to the present to make human lifo enjoyable and lovable in the highest and besot form, and offered to men the widest freedom for the development and realisation of their aspirations. England was worth dying for because she was worth liviug for. It was through the teaching of Christianity that the truest and best patriotism was possible, and a man's duty to his country was to ozexercise all his rights as a citizen. There were some people so religious that they had nothing to do with this world at all, but a man could not afford to sit at home and be indifferent to matters which had more or less a moral bearing on the affairs of hie country. Dealing wi.h the question as to whether a.Chlristian was supposed to have an in torest in war, Mr. Blanksby said that it we were to push Christianity to its utmost war was wrong, but we had not reached that ideal time when we could turn our facesoon war and nations who did not love war had been forced into an exercise of a power which they would gladly allow to lie or. mant. That was the position the nation was in in regard to South Africa, and it would have boen morotoourdiscredit hadwe allowed our fellowmonto be subjected to conditions which were barbaric and which belonged to the centuries that were past, and which would have held back the wheels ot progress on which the world was moving to what it ought to be. The war in which we are engaged was to wipe out a greater evil. It was to make poosibld that future progress that will haten on the day when war will not be necessary and will be no more. Rov. W. Atkinson, president, spoke on "The Outlook of the Church," and in an eloquent and hopeful address said that the right view-point to be assumed on such a questioon was an attitude of optimism. Whatever there might be of glory, and splendour, and achievement and triumph in the history of the church the golden age was yet to come. The Church of God to-day wasoharaoterised by a grander humanitarian spirit than that which had ever previously characterised her life and ;ervioe. There was also a tendency by Christian thought and organization to bring all God's people together in a unity that was ethical and not mechanical, a unity that was spiritual and not ecclesiastical. They were learning that the basis of the church's authority was in her spirituality and in her holiness, and that the true seal of the minister was the baptism of the Holy Ghost. The church that will grow and become the settled church of the future was not the one that laid greater stress on ritual or surrounded itself with wealth or prided itself on its worldly position. The 19th century had been a century of creation, especially io the agencies of the church for the young people, and the 20th century, if the signs of the time pointed to anything at all, would be a century of work and achievement. Our fathers had built the machiuery and upon as rested the responsibility of working out and witnessing to the world the power and worth of their toil. The 19th century had also been a century of missionary zeal, and the Churchof God was surrounded on every hand with success. In conclusion he said the church of the future must cultivate the holy passioen for saving souels and the day for the pulpit was noat passed. During the evening several anthems were sung by the choir, On the motion of the Rev. Mr. Penman a hearty vote of thanks was accorded those friends who had entertained the delegates, and a second vote of thanks was passed to the ladies who had given and waited at the tea. A vote was also passed to the chairman, and the proceedings closed with the doxology. 