«TOCK AND STATION NOTES, j BY NANDEWAR. ( The Australasian Pastoralists' Revieic.) Never has there been a less prolific season than the present in respect of decent snake stories. ^ Bat, on the other hand, those relating to sharks have never been more varied and j exciting. At present the celebrity in sea tigers lives close to St. Ignatius College, Lane Cove River, ; ' New South Wales, is over 20ft. long, and has a reward of £10 placed on his head, dead or alive. Locally, he has been named "Big Ben," ana the I way he first attracted public atten- tion was by means of a very clever surgical operation on a big dog. Í The dog, it seems, was throwing up sand with his hind legs close to the water's edge, when the shark drove his jaws gently between them and immediately retired with the whole of his victim's belly, whereupon the legs and backbone walked off a few yards and gave up the ghost. As, later on, Ben swallowed several dogs, it is surmised on this occasion he was not hungry, and was only on the lookout for a bonne bouche. His next exploit was to get away with the best part of an oyster gatherer's leg as he was stooping to detach the molluscs from the rocks. At present the whole river is up in arms, and what space the local papers can spare from the war in South Africa is given to Ben. The latest Boer device is not as yet generally known, or, as is most probably the case, been ' censorised,' and thus has only leaked out by means of two or three private letters. Black cats is the game now. Having in turn out- generalled every man set against them, they hold them cheap, with the one exception of Roberts. And it having become j known that a cat-the blacker the j better-is the one thing in this world I that " Bob " is scared of, Leyds at j once wired " instructions to buy 10,000. These are to be let loose right along Roberts' line of route if he takes the field in person, or domesticated wherever he may select ¡as his headquarters. At the mere ; sight of one of these animals the j hero of Candahar is said to collapse, and his brain, equally with his body, j refuses to work. It is an open secret amongst his staff that . their chief will absolutely refuse to visit any house where *'the harmless, neces- sary" one is kept, and that careful inquiries as to the fact have always to be made beforehand. The Boers are about to use this recently acquired knowledge of their great opponent's one weakness to paralyse his energies and render South Africa as " untenable " for him as it has hitherto been for the rest of the British leaders. He was very strong.^pn the absolute necessity for bodily ^exercise. Some of the clerks in the office of which he was head biked," others boated, others, again, joined cricket and football ^clubs, at his ".instigation. Nor was. he one of those who preached but did not practise. His favourite pursuit, he explained, was woodchopping. ^ At his house an immense quantity was used as fuel ; and he cut it all-cords upon cords of it. That was what kept him in such pink of condition. Once or twice a month he would fail to put in an appearance at his office, and when he did return it was noticed that he was rocky, and often showed partially healed face scars. On such occasions he would explain, affably, " Overdoing the thing a bit, I suppose. Chopping till I weakened* made a couple of miss-hits, anet, the stuff flew up and grazed my skin. Moderation in exercise is one of the things that is so hard to learn. Shortly afterwards, one of the clerks, " biking " in a far out suburb, called at a house for a drink of water. ^ His thirst quenched, he cur- sorily inquired the name of the owner of the pretty place? "Mr. =====-," replied the servant maid, mentioning his " chief." " Well," said he, glancing round the well-kept yard, "where's all the firewood?" "Don't use any," answered the girl suspiciously, as she closed the door in his face ; " we've got a gas-stove here." A private letter from a friend in London who possesses exceptional advantages in the way of obtaining I news, says that directly the Queen heard of "the desperate cutting up of ¡her beloved Highlanders at the 'Modder River she sent for Lord i Wolseley, and told him to instantly ! wire Roberts and Kitchener to i proceed to South Africa. And this 'she did (as was her perfect right) ! without waiting to consult her ! ministers. My informant adds that when Wolseley left the presence he looked thoroughly " flattened out and broken up." Perhaps " The Widow " had been giving him " the rounds of the kitchen." Military inspector, to applicant* as I volunteer in the Bushmen's Con- tingent : ' Age ?-Twenty-three. ' Married ?-Yesv 1 Any family ?-No. ' How long married ?-Fortnight to-day.' A pause. Then the M.I.:-" Have you thoroughly considered the er-gravity of the step you are about to take ? Er-your wife-" Applicant : ' Damn 'er ! ' ! M.l. : ' Pass ! ' In these days it's as hard to get off the war as it was for poor Mr. Dick I to get King Charles1 head out of his MSS. Even pastoralists have, for the nonce, given up taking stock and ' prices in order to demonstrate (by diagrams with the nearest material handy) what Buller should ^ have done a month ago ; what a hideous mess Methuen made of things ; and how the campaign should be con . ducted for the future. Also Kipling's . ' A.M.B.' pervades the atmosphere of both city and bush ; its doggere' j imitated, parodied, burlesqued ad I nauseam. Only one back-blockrpoet I has so far twisted it into the service of the swagrnan. Here is his effort : When you've shouted " Rule Britannia," when you've sung * God Save the Queen.' When you've cheered until your thorax needs a rest, Will you kindly drop a shilling in my little tambourine, . For a gentleman in moleskins tramping west. He's an absent-minded swaggie, and he's looking for a job, But it's doubtful if he's Buckley's chance to find it ; And it's mighty hard a-tramping when you bavn't got a bob, Though the swagman always says he doesn't mind it ! Lean men, gaunt men, men of a hungry look, Tramping to the setting sun with bundles on their back ; Want to shear or dab the tar, or press the bale or cook ; Marching to perdition on the Muttaburry track. 