'?'Illusions Past Jciid Present. In the death of Professor Pepper, at his residence in Col worth-road, Leyton stone, there passes away a personage who may be rightly looked upon as the originator of the modern style of illusion. He was the creator, some 30 years ago, of the celebrated 'Pepper's Ghost,' and for some time earner! irmnh farnA nnA nn little fortune by the exhibition of an illusion which was then looked upon as marvellous, but the secret of which is easily explained. This was in the days when those curious variety shows of re creative science known as Polytechnic Institutions were popular with a class having midday leisure and no settled way of passing it. The Adelaide Gallery flourished for a. time on the dual attrac tion of a steam gun and an electrical eel, while the Polytechnic drew its patrons by a display of dissolving views and a diving bell in a tank. It was then that Professor Pepper and his'' Ghost' appeared on the scene, and opened up a new era in the world of modern magic. Pepper was a man who, although of no great inventive talent, was nevertheless a clever talker, and able to keep in touch with his lis teners, so as to hold their attention, and even gain their admiration. He quickly saw that if the Royal Polytechnic was to enjoy more of fortune's favor than certain of its rivals, it was necessary to introduce more novelty and sensation into a rorm or entertainment of which a diving bell and dissolving views were the stable attractions. He succeeded with his ' Ghost.' On the origin of this illusion Mr. Mas kelyno, of Egyptian Hall fame, and than whom no better authority on such sub jects is living, was able to throw much light. 'Pepper,' said Mr. Maskelyne, 'really got his idea from walking one day down a passage in St. James's Hall, at the end of which was a mirror, and he saw himself reflected from a dark back ground. In fact, to-day you can see 'Pepper's Ghost,' that is to say, your self, everywhere. In a railway train, travelling at night, you can see your figure and face reflected outside, appar ently in space, or in a dark room with a strong light behind. It was, however, a young engineer, named Dircks who first came to Pepper with the idea in the workable form. The latter saw there was something in it, and took out a patent. The result was most successful, and Pepper made a lot of money. More over, his success gave a great impetus to the magic business. Ifc brought in men of talent, men who could think and devise new and original effects with mir rors. One of these was a man named Sylvester, also known as the Fakir of Ooloo who improved considerably on 'Pepper's Ghost.' Pepper had his mir ror standing at an angle of 45 deg., and reflected from the wings, with the result that from certain parts of the house the figure did not always look straight. Syl vester got over this difficulty by inclining the mirror which faced the audience to a more acute angle, and placing the person to be reflected below the stage, in what was called the 'oven,' because it was al ways so hot down there, and the body was then reflected from behind by strong limelight. The Professor was also identified with another ' illusion,' called the Sphnix's table, a three-legged table worked, with mirrors, much in the same way as the ghost business. Tobin, an assistant of Pepper's, was really the origin »tor of the Sphnix table, which was also shown in the Egyptian Hall by Colonel Stodare, an American. Then there was also the Pro tean cabinet, with its centre post, and the reflecting mirrors, which, when placed at a certain angle gave the impression that the cabinet was empty, while all the time the performer was standing behind ready to stepoutandappearbefore thespectators. 'The cleverest thing, however, that Pepper ever did — and this was in con junction with a Mr. Walker, who was an organ builder — was what was called the 'Metempsychosis.' Here the glass instead of being stationary, was movable. Great care was taken to prevent the edges of the mirror from being seen. The great thing was to move the mirror across the. stage and enable a female performer to take the place of the man or vice versa. At the time the idea was considered ex tremely novel, and was undoubtedly effective. Later on Pepper went to Aus tralia and posed as a rain- maker. You know ; fired shells up at the clouds in the hope of bringing down rain, though I think he only achieved success when the clouds happened to be charged with moisture. On his return from Australia Pepper, Ibelieve, again took to lecturing.' With regard to the latest form of illu sions, Mr. Maskelyne, for obvious reasons, was unable to be explicit, though he ad mitted that without diagrams it was very difficult to adequately convey the idea of how an illusion is managed. 'To-dav.' he continued;, —the work has become far mofe complex. You may safely say it has entered the highest degrees of me chanics. . The illusionist must be a student and have a profound knowledge of physics. You can't invent new illu sions. It's no use sitting down and thinking them out. It is not merely a question of needing an idea and then working it out. You have to create the need, so to speak, and very often a scheme is rendered impracticable owing to the nature of your surroundings. Moreover, he wants to be, if anything, a little ahead of the times, to be quick enough to turn some novelty or discovery to account before it becomes known to the public. As an instanco, Houden, the French conjuror, in the days when electricity was in its in fancy, made a tremendous hit with an electrical drum, suspended in mid-air, with the tappers inside. People came and marvelled. It's no use doing that to-day. Everyone knows how it is done. So we have to give the drum with the tappers outside, electric sparks and every thing. No, the difficulty to-day is not to deceive the public, but the expert, the man who knows the business and 'has studied it. It is not difficult to deceive the average audience, simply because sitting comfortably, perhaps smoking, they don't trouble to find out. But it's not the same with the expert. He knows the points of the business, and yet I flatter myself I have been able to deceive him as completely as the less scientific members of my audience.' — Home Paper. . i 