CHAPTER II. I walked upstairs with my arm linked in Evelyn's, trying, but failing, to listen to hor gay gossip. My head was in a whirl. What was real ? What was imaginary ? Whero and who was Guy ? If Evelyn would but cease her prattle and speak of him ! Had nobody missed him ? Was lie of so little account 1 I felt indignant 011 his behalf yet 1 would not mention him. '. . . and to my knowledge she gave him six dances. No wonder poor old Jim was green 1' Wo had roached my room and Evelyn had thrown herself down into an easy chair. I dropped into an opposite one. ' ' It s too abominably late to stop up,' she announced, laughing. ' I think wo've quizzed everyono now. But, I say,, you naughty girl——' . I interrupted her. I knew what was coming, and I didn't want it. I desired that she should name Guy herself, and. I tried to force it. ' Did all whom you expected turn up, Evolyn . ' Yes. At least I didn't miss anybody.' Then Guy. must have seen Evolyn arid excused himself to her. But why did sho not mention him ? Could it bo—oh, could it—that sho, too, cared for him? I had fancied her heart was Bet on another man, but there's no rockoning on girls. Where they are most secret the danger lies. Evelyn chattored on, and I dimly heard of someono looking 'perfectly sweet' in a ravishing eau-do-nil brocade. Then she abruptly exclaimed— ' But you haven't given mo a report of your evening. Who had the nerve to monopoliso three-fourths of it ?' ' Never you mind ! ' It's seky,' as the children Say. ' But I've enjoyed myself hugely.' ' How mysterious we are ! I must un earth it somohow. Glad you've had a good time! Sleop well.' And with a butterfly kiss and a morry laugh Evelyn vanished. She loft me no wiser concerning Guy. But after all, why should I want to know more than that he loved mo ? The business side ? Bother the business ! If I am near thirty, my faith and sontiment are not extinct. I was ready to chance the business Bide. He was honourable. I would have staked my life, on that; and nothing else mattered. I was not ponniless, nor, I folt sure, was he. r Yes, I was happy and content—too happy i to sleep. I was ready for bed, had blown my candle out, and had combed my hair in tho fitful firo-light for a full half hour. Nothing was left in tho grate but a layer of glowing cinders. I fidgeted them about with tho ' curato' poker, as I wont over and over in my mind my too brief conversation with Guy. ' A good night to you, my heart's queon I' How sweetly those parting words rang in my head. ' Yes, Guy,' I murmured, ' this is indeed a good night to me.' How silly 1 Thoso two embers were not really like Guy's brilliant eyes, but they had conjured up that palo and striking face before mo with wonderful vividness. What a face it was ! His smile only had jarred upon me as not beautiful, and I doclaro it held a fascination in its bitterness. Doubt less he had gone through fiery trouble, of which I should hear, and it had left its trace. My poor Guy ! A cinder dropped on to tho hearth and died. I shivered involuntarily, and stirred tho coals afresh. But tho pokor seemed only to kill tho fire now, and 1 laid it aside. I started. Somobody had entered tho room. I felt rather than heard that I was no longer alono. It was with a feeling akin to terror that I turned round, though I know not what I expected. Close beside me stood Guy ! Ho waB still, I could faintly perceive, in tho ruflles and brocade of a Georgian gallant. My heart leaped into my throat. In tho dull red gloom his faco stood out in ghastly pallor. What did he mean by this ? His conduct was exceedingly wrong, and I must show him that I thought it so. In trembling amazemont I aroBe, blushing painfully. ' Leave this room at once,' I commanded ; •you havo no business whatever to come here, and you must bo awaro of it. Had I conceived it possiblo ' ' Ah, but you did not know me, seraphic one. I forgive you ore you ask it. Come, Beat yoursolf and talk with mo again as you did oratwhilo. How could I absent myself ff om you whon I love ' With an sfrort I hid regarded mv speech. ' Go this momont, «lr I Xft is oulngeoiu. Mu»t I ring Loo tall t The bollrope hung by the bedside. I advanced towards it. His figure moved between me and the fire. AND THROUGH IT I SAW THE RED COALS ! All in an instant I realised that it was no man. With a convulsion of horror I clutched the bellpull in my shaking hand. But It was before me. I saw the long white fingers touch the ropo abovo my head as if It, too, would ring. Immediately the cord broke, and I found but the ond and tassel in my grasp. I fell back with an attempt to shriek, but for a minute two gleaming orbs seemed to paralyse me. ' What a misfortune ! We cannot sound an alarm. But at least let us make the best of it.' I rushed to the door with a screaming sob. But that terrible hand had rested on the handle before I could reach it. It was instantly withdrawn, but when I touched the knob it tumbled on the lloor. Shuddering and helpless I Bank to the ground. The figuro stood over me, and I believed iny last hour had come. Could it bo that I had loved this loathly thing ? In exceeding terror and hatred I sought to cover iny face with my hands. And I could not. Those glittering eyes were burning their way into my soul. And they held me. Slowly tho figuro bont down ovor me. I could not stir a finger. Then it kissed me on tho lips ; and it was as if a red-hot iron were pressed upon them—or an iciclo, I know not which. I prepared to die. In capable of iittoranco, with a final mighty effort I traced with my finger tho Sign of tho Cross. ' There was a hellish groan, indescribable in the intensity of its horror. That was all. . . The-'awful It hart gone, and I was alone—a pri3onor. A dizziness'seized me and l all but fainted. ! 1 Then slowly, silently, the door swung open on its own accord. Fresh terror spurred me to action, and lent me strength and speed. : Iflcd from the room and along the dark deserted passages, not knowing whithor 1 went. Suddenly I ran up against a belated inaid servant with a candle. Before she could go into hystorics I inquired sharply for Evelyn's room. She pointed it out to mo. I burst in. Evelyn was asleep. I flung myself beside her and clung to her, sobbing and crying like a child. It was a long whilo beforo I was able to tell hor in brokon snatches what I had gono through. She wrapped hor arms around mo, kissed me, and hold mo tight. But she said not a word. A horrid dread Hashed across mo. ' Evolyn, say you believe mo. If you think mo mad, I shall bcconio so—or dio.' ' My poor darling, believe you ? Of course I do. Have I not reason to V sho muttered under hor breath. I spranjg up. ' Why, Evolyn, havo you Been him—It ? Who—what is he ? If you love mo, tell mo everything.' ' Will you not wait until 'to-inorrow V 'Oh, no, no. Tell mo now.. I feol I must know all. Slcop ? I think . I shall never sloop again. Only keep tight hold of me. Thank neavon you aro tloshand blood, Evolyn !' Thero was silenco for a minute. Then sho spoke, slowly but steadily. 1 It is tho ghost of Guy Morritt. I have j nover seen him, but othors havo. Thoy say | he is tho curse of our family, but of lato the appoarancos have boon bo raro that tho talo bid fair to beconio a mero legend. Ho ia an ancestor of ours who lived in George I.'s reign, and waa ao bad a man folk called him ' The Devil's Squire.'' ' How do you mean ? A murdoror ? A robber ?' ' Yes, for ho robbed girls' souls of faith and slow their purity. lie left behind him many a shamoful monument. When only thirty ho died in tho midat of his debauchery. Tradition says ho possessed a strango, irre sistible fascination ' I clutched Evelyn tighter, and my teeth chattered as she said these words. Noticing it, bIio hastened on— ' Well, that is all. With his dying breath ho boasted of Iub imponitence, and passed away claiming tho devil as his liego lord. Since that day his wicked spirit, clothed as of old, has from time to timo haunted this house, aB if sooking—oh, my dear I—to drag others aftor him.' Slowly the daylight crept in, and found us quivering in each other's grasp—I, haggard and deathlike, with a large white blister upon my lip. This, a door knob, and a yard of bollropo, wore tho solo traces of my hollish visitant. But tho horror of that awful night is upon mo still. 