THE RHYMER. BY. ALLAN M'AULAY. ' . COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XLV.— (CUNTINUED.l All this' time, ns he pondered, lie had been riding through the classic country— sacred even then, as it is still, to the genius mid the name of Burns. He had taken his way along the broad and river-haunted val- ley ol the iSitli; he had threaded the wild and hilly countiy of the Cumnooks; he had rested at Mauchline, and might have seen, without knowing it, Alossgicl. All around 'him, rich and fair, yellowing now to its abundnnt harvests, spread the country that, had "nursed the peasant poet to his Titanic manhood — noble valley — rolling riveiv-fertile plain. The lowly farms were eloquent of him; each humbld implement of toil— the plough, the harrow and the reaper s hook — spoke of the hardy labors of his .strenuous youth. The woods whisper ed of , him; the summer , evening breathed the legend of his first idyllic love, seemed instinct with the young undoing of Jean Armour, with the kiss, the jest, the gaiety of rustic courtship. " At inn and toll, at kirk and market, yet rang the echoes of his splendid joviality, and by haunted kirkyard wall, and clattering arch and hoary brig, ,jt seemed to.hiiii, wherever he rode, wherever, he rested, wherever he spoke, or eat or slept upon Ithat memorable. journey. Strong irony of fate that should lead him — the instinctive enemy of; the dead poet— and anti-pathetic to him in every thought and impulse " and idea — to lmunt these scenes. Stranger still tlmt" he should come to them fresh from the last great scene of nil—' the -closing scene in that tremendous tragedy, of a poet's life.' 22ven Herries — unimaginative, unsympathetic, cold— felt the coincidence, and felt with it singular, reluctant," .yngucv understanding of the spirit that had passed away, even though his ownVwrongs, and the deeper wrongs of another, .from the dead man's very hand, cried out- for their ; too-long-delayed re dress. ' , In this unwonted and unwelcome ming ling of moods, lie took his way, riding up the western coasts from Ayr, crossing the Clyde near Glasgow, striking inland to the mountain : land- up by Lpch Lomond, through the exquisite wild Highland ooun- 'try of Glen Falloch; and so, by pass and glen, and wood and writer, fertile sta'th and harvest fields, down to the lowlands again, and the tamer country of the Ochills. One summer night found him, at length, at the last gate of the Highlands, the little town of C. . and he knew that he rested but two miles from Alison's home, if in deed Alison were still Alison Graham and had a- home at The Mains. BTJRNS TO CL AKIN DA Ae fond kiss and' then wc sever, . . Ae.fareweel and then forever! 13eep in heart-wrung tears Til pledge tlice, s'«3 anti fixoans, Til wage thee. Ttfl1?. sha11 sslT that fortune grieves him ' u hue the sar of hope she leaves him? Mc, nae cheerful twinkle lights me, Hark despair around benights me. I'll "e'er blame my partial fancy, Isaetluhg could resist my Nancy; But to see her was to love her; Hove but her and love forever. Had we never loved sac kindly, 'Hud we never loved sue blindly, Never met or never parted, had ne'er been broken-hearted. Pare thee well, thou first and fairest! Jarc thee well.- thou best and -dearcstl" ' Jhine be ilka joy and treasure. Peace, contentment, love and pleasure. Ae, fond, kiss and then we sever; Ae farcweel, alas!- forever. libep ia liGart-ivninc tears I'll plcdsc-tlioo. Waning sighs and groans, PU wage thee. CHAPTER XLVL ' Aivay down at The Mains it was. high summer, anil the low-lying, wood-cncircled old white, house lay brooding in the August heat. The bees hiimned in the lime tree, -and in the spruce woods the pigeons crooned all day, but 'the rooks in the plane trees kept tbeir cawing till the evening. But in these days ' there were great changes at The Mains; not only those de'i- .borate changes t due to the slow workings of nature, which are common to the obscure: 'places of .the" world, but the more violent ones, which come of the striving and the energy of man, or rather woman. In the first place, Mrs. Graham, that tremendous creature, had married all her daughters, every one save, indeed, the predestined old maid of 'the family, who, though she had. had (as lier mother frequently reminded her) the best chances of them all, in an Edinburgh season, v.-ns mutcless stcll. By remorseless energy, by ceaseless harping on- the subject, had this stringent mother goud- cd six daughters into matrimony against tremendous odds. One, ns we know, had "taken" Mr. Cheape; two had married min isters—albeit one had been a "Wanter," i.e., a widower, with a numerous znfant family'. Another had captured a soldier lad, a subaltern in a marching regiment, quar tered, during some mnnreuvres of the county militia, at the town of-C— — . Yet another lmd espoused a surgeon, while one, alas!— the pretty Sally, barely at 10— bad ran away with a handsome shepherd off her. father's, farm. Hot was the hue and cry after the misguided lassie. Iler father spurred to overtake 'the couple and prevent the union, but returned crestfallen— thank ful, eventually, tq have been shown the mar riage lines. This episode was no great fea ther in the maternal cap, aad poor Sally's name was conspicuously absent from the flyleaf of the Family Bible. The mistress of The Mains now rested from her match making labors, and devoted/henceforth, all lief energies to the insane indulgence of her only son— now a pampered and disagreeable boy of 10. In those times would Mrs. Graham pub licly announce among flier neighbors that she did not intend to marry off her daugh ter Alison. Disgraceful", though "it was to have a girl left 011 your hands, yet one un married daughter was not unuseful. Jaclcy would need a housekeeper until he married. After " that great event, Alison's future might be nebulous,1 but in 110 case was it a matter of very great importance. In the meantime, useful occupation was not lacking to Miss Graham, of The'Mains. In these changed days she bad, besides her household work and poultry keeping, cer- tuin'grave and tender duties which kept her much confined to the house, even in this lovely summer time. It was to get a few moments' respite Luiu these, and a mouthful of fresh air, that she . would steal out, bare-headed, on the drowsy afternoons, and wander in the garden. One day ( it was, indeed, the day after Herries's arrival in the country), she did this, having in charge, however, her brother. The mistress of The Mains was absent 011 a drive to visit a distant neigh bor, and in her absence the precious heir was never trusted a moment by liiniself. Jacky wished to go and climb upon a wall which" was beiiig built round the old, and hitherto only hedged, garden. So far but "a few yards liad been completed— the broad parapet offering a tempting promenade for youthful agility. "It was a forbidden joy, but such things, to the spoilt child, are ever only nominally forbidden, ahd Alison, by sage experience, was aware that protest would be-only waste of time. Jacky, there fore, pranced upon the wall; deftly cracking a huge' carter's whip-r-his latest acquisition, which he had already made a terror to every man arid woman at The Mains., He was now a fat, overgrown" and hearty boy, with long, fair, effeminate ringlets, which a fond maternal hand could not bring itself to shear)) and which assorted ill enough with the sturdy and thickset appearance of the youthful heir. . In a little while he strutted all content, and Alison stepped about the sweet old garden in the sun, and picked herself a little bunch of white clove pinks, and stuck tliem in her dress. But her moments of respite were soon numbered. "Come now, Jacky," she called, going to the- Willi's foot; "come down like a good boy! You know I must go in to father," "I'm, no cominl," said Jacky, with the serene finality of the spoilt child. "All — but you must," pleaded his sister, "for mother would never have you left upon the dy.ke alone, and father wants' me." But'Jacky paid no heed. "I'll have to come and pull you down," said Alison, rashly going nearer "Ye'll no," said Jacky, with a cleft swirl of his whip. It cracked like a pistol shot on the silent summer air, and the, tip of the lash caught Alison 011 the car, so that she clapped her hand to tho place with a little cry of pain. "Alt Jacky," she cried, "you've hurt me now." But Jacky— a fiendish little spoilt wretch — only laughed. Nemesis, however, hovered over him, for there had been nn unsuspected witness to the scene. A gentleman 011 horseback had come down the road, which passed close to the new wall, and, attracted by the re peated cracking of a whip, had paused. Finally he had dismounted, tied his liorsc to a gate post, and, standing a little way off from the end of the unfinished dyke, could see and hear what happened both above and below. 'While Alison, tho tears of her smart in her eyes, still expostulated vainly wUh her brother, she was suddenly, electrified to perceive his ankles clasped by two hands front the other side of the wall. With a sharp howl of terror," the heir of all the Grab apis disappeared abruptly , from . liis perch. Alison ran round the dyke, and 16! ivitli the roaring Jacky struggling in liis arms, there was Archibald Herries, or his ghost.1" , , Alison stopped dead, and the two, with eight years between them of pain, and part ing, and estrangement, stood, staring at each other— so strange is human life— upon the verge of laughter. Herries released the boy, who ran yelling to the house, and then, flushed and awkward, he stood before Ali son. "I— Lam come "to -The Mains, you see," he stammered, not brilliantly, it must be confessed. "I see, sir," said Alison, a little giddily. (How sweet, how strong— too stroug— the pinks smelt in lier dress!) "But you are like to have an odd welcome," she went 011, in a queer, steady voice, and yet with a little uncertain laugh,, "if you begin like this, by beating Jacky. "l'is a providence has sent my mother from home this day, or you would be like to get into her black books." The summer world, the trees, tlie sky wore, reeling round her, but she kept her head better, indeed, than did the, mail. He, dumb, stood looking at lior;;.iVUilc the world, his world, changed 'r6fin'd?Jiim, like the world of dreams. WITat had lie expected to see ? — a faded woman, past her prime. Ali son was 2S now, but at 28, young women, living quiet countiy lives, are neither old nor faded as a common rale. She was a girl yet, the flush of summer 011 her cheeks; not the tendril of a curl changed; bewitch ing womanliness was in the sweet curves of her young body beneath ' the cotton gown, lier eyes seemed larger than of yore, per haps because the face had pitied away a little, from mere girlish chubbincss to slight ly liollower lines of elieck aiid chin, lier soft, broad forehead knit itself a little. Herries felt liis heart go from, him and his cool head swam. He tried to keep command of himself, but himself — the self of all these barren? years — was slipping from him even now. "Can I— can I have a few words with you alone?" ho asked humbly. "Surely, sir," said Alison. "But I can not spare you many minutes, for I am want ed." A look of pain, of harassed anxiety, came into her eyes, which should have been an omen. But Herries did not see it. They began to walk in the garden, on a grass path between yew hedges. "Have you seen Nancy lately/and is she well?" asked Alison, breaking the silence. "I never see lier," said Herries, shortly. "Have you dropped all. knowledge of her too?" "At first we wrote a little," said Alison, quietly, "but 1' am 110 great band at Ibtters, sir, and so— and so we grew apart." "That's well," said Herries, abruptly. He chafed at this dull talk, walking at Alison's side, "but what to say, where to begin? He stole a look,at her. "Alison," be cried sud denly, "your ear hurts. That little monster cut it with the lash; it bleeds." "bees it?" said Alison, faintly; putting ;up lier linhilr, ' 'V V . "Wait — here," said I-Ierries, eagerly. -"I have a soft silk kerchief." He noted, witli a kind of anguish, the smudge of blood upon a little curl, and yet thought himself cool enough to wipe it uway unmoved. But tho touch, the contact, the terrible sweetness of approach, were all too much. The pent- up tenderness of years would be denied 110 longer— liis empty anus rebelled against their emptiness. "Ally!" be cried. "Oh! . Ally— oh, my soul!" ... '"deed, it did seem as though, after all these years of deathly trance, his soul had come back to him. CHAPTER XLVII. And now Herries, who had found an advo cate, _ became his own accuser. . "That you can forgive me this long and cruel silence is impossible," said the man who had hitherto held himself so proudly blameless. "Nay, there's nothing to forgive in you," said the fond woman, who held him blame-' less still. "Do you think 1 did not know you? she went 011 softly. "I knew that you, being you, must have acted as you did. And 1 said to" myself I would abide by your action, whatever it was, for I knew it would be just!" "if it was not my action that was sorely wrong," said Herries,. in his new contrition, then it was something deeper. "Twas my heart and nature that erred; to dcubt you was a cold-hearted, an nbominnble crime!" But Alison only smiled. "If you had erred," she said, " it might have been easier for me, for then I might, have found some comfort in Ranking you unworthy. But no, -I would not) for ali the world, have had it so! I'd ra tlicr ha ve borne tho hardness of our parting- than that!" "Was it— was it. so. very hard — to you?" whispered Herries. "Is it hard when the nest and the young ones are torn from the bird, do you think?" said Allison.. "If that is .hard," my suffering was like that; for all,; that I had went from me when X went , -from you ! " Herries 'sighed, and meiiiorjvrorinen'ted him. Ho heard the plashing rain upon Hie pave ment—the ram of that niglv: of parting; he saw 'the white face 'that Alison turned upon him from 'the, window of 'the sedan as the chairmen curried her away into the dark ness. . . "May God pardon me the hardness of my heart," lie said, raising the hat from his head," "for I'll never forgive myself as long as I live." , They spoke of 'Robert Burns, and they spoke of Nancy, unravelling that terrible entanglement of the |iast. Herries spoke with a new gentleness, and Alison, as she heard him, pressed close to his side. "Yen forgive them- -you do forgive uiem— don't you, Archie?" she whispered. "For, you know, Nancy never dreamed how deep ly she injured us, and he— -the man— knew not what he did. We cannot be lmppy if we leave tliem unforgiveu!" Berries did not answer, for liis heart was big within liini, and 111 his ears was the sound of a voice, now stilled for ever, pleading for that for giveness which flie.swecft woman at his side now urged upon him. "Forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors," said he, "alt last in the same words, and they fell from him with a sigh. "I must go now," said Alison, at last, "for I dare net linger.. I have stayed too long." . , "Nay, but I'll not let you, Alison," said Herries, "till it is promised me that' our parting is at an. end, and that I can come and ask. yon of your parents this verv day. Why not?" Alison stood still and looked at him, and in her eyes was a something akin to that compassion with which you will see a mother look at her careless and uncon scious child. "Nay, Archie," she said faintly. "I had been thinking that you knew.. But that's all gone and done with now. . I have no free dom 'to go with any man. I cannot leave my home." "But, by the God that is above lis, you shall— and with me!" said Herries, violently. "I will permit no second sacrifice of our love and life." "Come with me — home, Archie," said Alison, .gently, "and I'll show you what I cannot tell you." In a. brooding silence they went to un loose Herries's horse, which had pawed the ground beneath him to a pulp. A iad took it from them as 'they went towards the house. "I am taking you to my father's room," said Alison, in a low voice. She led him down 'the dark narrow passage to the library. "Here are tavo steps in the dark— take eare," she whispered, and as he stumbled lie felt her guiding hand come out to him. She opened the library door, and in the warm light of 'the summer evening that came in through the little deen set windows, Her ries saw the laird of The Mains! (To be Continued.) 