HIOW GHOSTS ARE MANUFACTURED. We arn atill mystery.loving enough to be roused to a state of inteieat by any tangible manifestation of the invisible, especially when it comes to us under soieontitl authority. A curiority of this nature was awakened by I)r. ltuasell's " ]lxporiments on the Action of nletato and other Substances on a Photographic Plato," as the dry title tin it: and tits curiosity hast receivedot andditional otimtlous from tile further rcsearches which lie expoundedt to the ?oriety in the Bakeriao lecture on 'TlInutrody. Thu' title of the lecture might lmelost have buen " th'e catch. ing of lnvisible vapourannd the manufancure and iioto?raphy of ghost.," For, although, this advanced photograplhy is quite a piece of latterr."y acience, yet there clings about these nexiperients withl invisible vapuurs given nit from newspaipers, metals, pill. hoxes, wood, and it thousandt diverse sub. stances, lan air of medliitevl romlance wafted from the dnays of Albertus Magnus. It is probably within the recollection of nostof us that I)r. IRussel discovered thatt ni enormous variety of buhotlacea were capable of giving a pelmanent record of their surfaces on a pototgraphii plate wlhen tlhey were fplaceed in contact withll it and left for some time in tite dark. Butt there was no dfotinite explana tion of the cause of this. Why should In piece of wood a hlundred years old or a newnpaler nutting, or a polished lshct of inc, phllotogrnpl itself in this way? The reply is at last, forthcoming -eatci of these substances ?ioes oft its own particular vapour, preanblou ly in the form of a goon, and this vapour can nOt upon the silver taltn in the sensitive pltte in preiusely the lno maenn t ner an light Itself. The exact letltlods by whllich tIis has been Irovcd are too technical to be descrlbed nt length, but they essentially consist in sub jecting the nils and tmetals expetim0hted witih to ullch a treatment thait theyi are corn polled to declare their nmnnatione to be eithl liroptical rays or vapours, for there is no third pnoeibility. They have been carried tlIrouglh tubes by a current of air, madel to trturn corners, to-wriggle In and ouit between platen of minca, ond at the end of nill these poregrinationt they still retoined their former photographiocapabilitien. And iby no ponsible chatnca coohll any nelf- repecting ray of t ho X Ior any other kind do thlat. Thle mtanufaoture of ghosts lends additional proof to the vapour theory. A shert of olislled zine is cut Into sreoalhaipe--ay that of a ghoit (ltrarltional fnrm)--and is placed in contact with at piece of white cardn bolard for ln me tittle; the zinc ia then re moved and the cardhoard tied ltp with a photo graphie plate. When the nt?le comneo to be dlvcelopld there appeaore a blackl glost on it whitdu bnchgroud. Wi\'lltllt the zinoc anil atd ioord wre togethller the zinc vapour Ihas been enteritg tOle pores of the card, no that though to all appearance na blank as before there is in reality it gllost deplicted in it in zinc' vtponur, and this glhot can be made vihlble nity by the plhotographic means described The Iuantity of Ithis vapour given of in inllinitcrlnally small, so small that no bal. ance, however, delicate, would tie able to detect any loss of weight in the piece of ince. so nlsll lthat hIlere has l een remained snniliient oil in the printing of a hook, dated t641, t enablhe 1)r. ItRussell to obtain a pho tographi of it. It is to early to arrive at any linal contlonien Itbout thllee things, lut we shallll alt certainly have to revelutionise oar ietns ablout vapours in general. We Iare not all used to think of nickel, zinc, and ahtlmlinit as ach giving off the vapour of its patlticular metal alt rdinary lelperatulres; still leao can we at present realise the calm manIner tin which these emissions setlk thlrough sheets of golutino and celluloid as though there were nothing there. But the facts remain itaW constiutue one of the most curious and interesting developmnents of science that has occurred for ti long time, 