jerrawa. (From our Correspondent.) Surprise Party. — Thursday night, May 24th, was the date selected upon to surprise Mr. and Mrs Slecman, of the Yass River. The various parties connected with the surprise met punctu ally at 7 p.m. at a selected point and j proceeded bodily to the place as named. 1 The occupants being totally unaware of what was about to" eventuate, could scarcely grasp tho -situation when the self-minded guests rolled up. However an understanding was soon arrived at. Horses were turned out and the visitors " turned in " and ' soon had tho large room cleared of all tho furnituro, &c.;, and in a few minutes sweet strains of music filled the ears of the eager dancers and theamusement.wassoonall ago. Toin- dividualizo the various people and places represented would be an unenviable task but by a strange coincidence the total exactly numbered 81 (her Alajosty's ago in years). The fun was kept going till a suitable hour when luncheon was announced. The ladies who provided the nice delicacies deserved eveiy praise and the way tho male portion of those present devoured the. edibles will long 'be remembered by the fair providers. During tlie eveuing various songs and recitations were rendered by Air. and Mrs. Sleeman and family. Mr. James Young (whose comic faii'ly mystified the listeners)' Alessrs. AI Curtain, J. Comins, W. Petty, who ably recited " Trooper Campbell " and who became so excited with the piece that he fancied he was charging an overwhelming force of Boers. Mrs Bundoclr, Miss Thomp son and Miss Stoneham also contributed to the evening's amusement. Amuse ments in the form of cards, snake yarns, ghost anrl fairy lies and oth r such edifiving aud interesting conversations were indulged in by those who did not participate in dancing. After the luncheon dancing was again resumed and continued till the small hours of Friday morning, when luncheon was again announced. Tho second meal 1 being completed every one made arrange ments for their homoward journey, and after the usual good-byes, etc., the whole — I was going to say Boer force, that would bo out of the question as the name is not at all applicable — company made a start for their various homes, taking various trucks, travelling in various minimis and with various thoughts in their heads, while Joe and his mate had perforce to wade homo through about three feet of water. Cricket Club. — Tho Jortawa cricket club after a most " successful " season has closed its shutters for the present season. The record is a grand one, viz., three matches, three losses and no wins, while the funds are nine peace on tho wrong side of the ledge- r. The averages for tho club were not kept, presumably out of respect for both batsmen and trundlers. It is to bo hoped that a brighter future is in store for the club, Probably if a now secretary and captain -wore selected the club would improve as- " Spofforth " says that he will not again join the club if the same captain offici ates. Church of England. — After the last service of the Church of England a meeting. for the purpose of selecting and appointing three gentlemen to act as church wardens for the present year was held. Rev. Air. Ellis occupied the chair. The following were appointed viz., Messrs. J. AlcConville, A. J. Bundock and R. Hillier. Tho cljurcli which has lately been lined and ceiled looks very nice and reflects great credit on those gentlemen who did the work without remuneration. The money for tho pur chase of the timber was collected through the energy of Air. Harwin (lato S. Al. at Jerrawa) and altogether the building can compare favourably with any country place of worship in the dis trict. Services are held monthly, while upwards of 100 people attend. A Sun day school, in connection with the church, is conducted at which 40 or 50 children attend and is under the super- lntendance of Mr. Bingham. Address. — The address to bo present ed by the people to Mr. Harwin was 011 view and is a nice one. It was obtained from Alessrs. John Sands and Co.. of Sydney. Air. Harwin took great in terest in all matters at' Jerrawa, and will bo missed by many. Air. AlcConville, tho new S. AL, has arrived and com menced duties, and has already created a favourable impression. Tho Apparition. — The apparition has now fully developed and conies out in its .winter garb. Various little concerns lately have occurred such as removing gates from their position, relieving thorn of the bolts which hold them together. Still tho above in all. its glory cannot capture the guilty parties. Bolt re movers beware ! Your practical jokes may carry you too far. Alafeking Relief. — The relief of Mafe- king news was hailed with delight. Flags were hoisted and aro still flying, and every one who happened to be pos sessed with a little common sense and humane feeling were delighted.' Bubonica Hystericus. — A tramp camped in an old house heard a dog whining and not exactly knowing what it was, fancied that lie had suddenly contracted the plague. Rushing 'o his s.vag and. opening same he ejaculated, " the cursed rats are here," " I must be getting it," " oh, my head." After searching for some time through his swag, which had been fumigated by the lute heavy rains, he found nothing that would lead up to 'the plague so he con cluded that- he had made a "bloomer" and quietly rosumed his supper. Weather. — Very heavy rains have fallen lately, while-the creeks have all overflowed.'. The. ground is in a boggy state but gross is growing luxuriantly and altogether we are having a. grand season. Alay 31st, 1900. There are many muscles in the human \- body, control of, which has been lost through ages of disuse. \- '"-V " '£ , I - . t -.1 .-. 'A L - 