11U9IOUR. A little nonsense now and then Is relished by the wisest men.—Hcdibbas. "I feel for you deeply," said the Hud gry mail, probing about in the soup bowl for a stray oyster." " I am sorry I bought one of these door mats with ' Weleorae' on it." "Why so?" "Some stupid fellow mistook the meaning of the word, and helped himself to it the first night." Watts—You won't mind my leaving my bike here in your office, will you ? I know you don't ride one, but Potts—No, I don't ride one very well, but I began taking lessons yesterday. Watts—Er come to think of it, I don't think I'll impose on you good na ture, old man." On an ocean liner.—Captain Stay sail—Yes, madam, the needle of the compass always points to the north. Miss Sweetthing—How interesting. But suppose you wanted to go south. End of the Session.—Troublesome Yoter—I mipfciiay, sir, that I consider you have byoken your promise to your constituents. Young M.P.—Really, Mr. Bjpks, I'm awfully sorry, don't you k«ow ; but—(amicahly)—I think I cant make another just as good i" iluer (ak trtrffiKufs'Tfiuner^taSfe; jibbie)—Bobbie,/I'm ashamed of' You are eating like a pig." Bobbie—(between raouthfuls)—Well mamriia, I don't get away from home very often. Prisoner—If your Honor will allow me a little time I think I can prove my innocence;..^Magistrate—All right; take thirty days. " I suppose," he said, as they un dulated round the hall, " that my mo ther would be awfully worried if she knew I was here. She thinks it is a terrible thing to dance." " Oh, never mind," the girl said, " she Wouldn't know you were dancing, even if sBWfkw you." "That dog certainly seems almost human at times," said old Mr. Fussy. " Yes," said Mrs. Fussy, " he growls over his food quite as much as you do." Ikey—Please, farder, give me a half-penny for ice cream, I am so hot! Father—Ikey, mein shon, dot is a vaist of money I will tell you a fine ghost story dat will make your blood run cold. A schoolteacher recently put the question—What is the highest form of animal life ! The giraffe, responded a bright member of the class. "Prisoner, I'm sorry to see you here again," said the magistrate; " what brings you here ?" Prisoner— Two policemen, yer honour. Magis trate—Drunk as usual, I suppose? Prisoner—Yes, yer honour, both of them. I Visitor—And how is the restoration ! fund going on, Mrs. Lychgate ? The ! Hector's Wife—I'm sorry to say it's going on most unsatisfactorily. We've j tried every conceivable means of get ting the money honestly, and failed, and now the rector says we must try what a bazaar will do. Examiner—How, children, who can tell me what an epidemic is ? What 1 Hone of you ? Let me prompt your memory. It is something that spreads. And now—ah, I see one of you knows. What is it, my little friend ? Jam, sir. Miles—What do you think of this faithcure business ? Giles—Ob, it's all right; I tried it once, and was com pletely cured ! Miles—Indeed ! Of what were you cured ? Giles—Of my faith in it. Tommy—Can you swim, Mr. Soft soap 1 Mr. Softsoap—Ho, Tommy, I'm sorry to say, I can't swim. Tommy—Then you had better learn. I heard Clara say that she was going to throw you overboard. " What poor shoppers the men are !" exclaimed Mrs. Trotters, on her way home from a shopping expedition. " My husband hardly ever pays less than 6d. for a cigar, and here I have bought a whole box for 3s." 