The Hellers. Tbesucoesa whioh has attended Profes sor Heller's entertainments has certainly been vory good oonndaring tbe unseason able weather. Thin in due to the fact tbat his show will stand more than one visit ; indee', the ofrsnor you see Mrs Heller's nmvellous acatice the more fre quently you wish to do so. At the first visit remark will be m»do that «he is very clever, at tbe second that she is wonder ful, aDd at the next thit sfts is. m*rreU Ions. Last night, when a change of bill was presented, several novelties were In troduced by Professor G. W. Heiler. Tbe cornaoopia made out of a piece of paper before the people and then emptying from it Hbower* of flowers mystified arjd sur prised those present Tho watch feat, too, ciusod the owner a Brent deal ol anxiety as to its safety, while the magnetic m»ney caused considerable amusement. Mr H. Carlisle sans t*o songs, which wore well *ppreoited. The spirit smoke test, wherein a gentleman could smoke out of an empty pipe, amtud the tudienop, mud tbe sackful of ghosts fairly paralysed Ihn gentleman that entered into tbe world of spirit*. New biograph pictures were presented. The notable eubjeots were ' Tbe water chute,' ' High diVfng,' ' Fire call in London,' ' Charge of the Scots Greys,' ' Melbourne Cup,' 'Gardener and practical joker,' and ' Arrival of a train in Japan,' all being loudly applauded. Miss Tera Havlook'e pretty daooe with its effects was well re oeived. Mr Heller sans a laughing song entitled 'The old maid,' and for areoall nn ? dialect song ia good styjp. Mr Peroe Abbott's banjo medleys created amutement, and were appreciated. The eqterf ainment througbout ia one of the Guest combinations ever seen in Zeehsn, and can be thoroughly recommended. To-night the Heller* remove to the Academy of Matio owing to tbe Qiiety Theatre being engaged. Mr Hellor baa kindly ooueoted to tender a benefit this Wntng to Mrs Reed and family, when no doubt the generous offer will meet with tii* reMptfea ft dusrra, A. trompM boon thould fmtUti olivtrptrtormen. 