THE PASSING OF THE FLAGSHIP.' \--,-*_-. ByMAJ0BMÄRY,KpYAT, The test run at a funeral, I observed pessimistically, the wind being E. by N., "Is the man in the box. . If, the little Roy hamlet, tucked away under a fold of the great granite tor, . Iririki had followed closely upon the lives " wedding, and from the moss-grown ehürchyflfá wall Mr, Pagett (late private of Marines and I had moralised on both. As If it's, bin world beyond the purple shadow, SA of the bride Peal had mingled with the heart of the passing bell; and not s made length from the blossom strewn nail long which the newly-made bride had tripped but an hour since, the white headed Rexton was stamping down the mould above a dear brother departed, . Mr. Paget indicated the bent figure with his pipe steal. . "To my mind," said he sententiously-, a grave-digger in his boots is better than on Admiral of the Fleet in his careful any day the week. No, sir; you may lay to it that 1.0 best man at a funeral is not so much the men in the box as the man who shovels the mud on to T." I considered the philosopher's proposition with the attention it deserved, while the aiM sopher, with characteristic absent mindedness refilled his pipe from the pouch Had Wd beside me for a moment on the ""Besides," he presently resumed, with an "air of clinching the argument, "it some- to" 'happens that there's nobody-best mat or a herdsman the Moorain' box. at j I could show you in comet ly, for in- nee, consecrated by a Greek bishop, with northerly, deadhouse, or whatnot,.nil com S n, with three-nn'-twen y British Sa es in its nor'-west-bv-wcsterly corner. it unless my senses played 'an panky mil my reason, one midsummer night by leg-bye, what's the day of the month, The anxiety boat and you were. eu. seventy record of June " It sounds like a coincidence out o' Row Hells, " ruminated the ex. Private, but that is not my fault, and I'd kiss the Book, to what I'm gone' to tell you Eight years ago come to night I saw things that I won t forget to my dying' day Mind you, I don't see that they 'happened I saw them, and this as plain as I see you now 1 Hex or blk about that night, because the only time I ever did which was no morning's wire sent by the shipper s orders to the sith km, and kept under observation for a month is a suspected lunatic At the end of that time they had to return me to death, though, since a post cap must after he in side Among, the staff strain scrawled 'Alloocimtion in red ink on my medical story. sheet It is some consolation to think that he was court martialled six months later for seem' lilac rats on the quarter deck-but That's neither here nor there What I want you to understand is that the 'iilloociniitiiih,' if you like to call it 50 was as plain to alleges as 1 armed Pearce's killed was to joins all an hour ago Besides, it stands to reason that I should the telling you still fairly tales on the spot where I was christened, and' married and where I shall some day be clapped under hatches for his long an inch below to do him justice, I did not suppose he could though Mr Pigott in serious vein mi in church her (departure In the -under Inn of the Coach and Horses, in the little x range below nee, my sea soldier friend had indeed unfolded to me much unwritten naval and military history but, -despite his pointed and frequent reference to -Costes as the sented lepers ' I do not think that till now he had ever expected, or even desired, to be taken seriously On this occasion however, his both sides was in niMnkable W Bethel this extraordinarily fine audience which he described to me, so wide that afternoon in the nine mool find ihuiiliv-ird had actually occurred. I leave you to judge that he himself believed in I have not the slightest doubt I was in trouble in. begun sheepishly, and the more of the trouble was issued, a Turkish pull at Mnrniniici I shook it henri in Leprena H i Sailors allowed to have a wife in the war he retorted, "Why not Inn ship and therefore' Ouevci, the Mediten i rein 'patron continued its cruise short of a pm ile who after in!"- lost two good I Conduct badges for 'um been looked into Breaking his death by a woman" and the man said the woman I know " attempted Mt J'lgott its a] on the 'line in t it, whether they) will plant a few n Iglesias or petticoats of kin trousers' Any oh, the fact remains unsettled Sir I, up a blind alley of the \n M mor coast in a manner of speak in with the lit I stood up in and will no poor no means of getting back to an shut the lad knew no 1 english it did it matter much what J end, and aim in 1 is to it that I am in" No Mniiniiuec-, as you may know, in a large circular 114, all but land locked, and shut in by part covered mountain. M iU held opposite the invisible entrance is a -tinkle little link in town with the usual drums In cup tie and ramshackle 'house behind a millowners of letters mists in yards Mr pockets been empty (the lady was seen I To that), the honest Turks treated me like a brother, instead of cutting' my throat as i This -would probably otherwise no done ; and the Governor promised to send me to I Hejrout or some other Mtum port where I might pick up the fleet by the first vessel train in that direction and Turkish shops always seem to be lolling against him spurs, and the few Creek is that called in at Mr maree-to ask the tune apparently were all bound the other was Jiuispieltv sorry formerly von may be certiin-e'pccinllv either honr'snbseneemcint so much more of that ridiculous Adm i ally smile on maize , turn But the man I was still some for was the major commanding' mv detachment, who I knew would sorely miss him nine j bleeorpontion an advice Hon J dragged through those two or three candles midsummer days I 'well know I sorrowed a party flintlock, and , not cocktail birds in the woods I went ( in fishing' in a boat that looked 104 e n J evening seen evening the whole blooming' A man turned up to set mc bite from the end of the (memorial jue! At night 1 "not ed cigarettes with the lagged gun ison , ,] the castle, or strolled under the stars j , is the lady in the baggy trousers and on during the last of these walks the a the unaccountable Hung That I'm going' "tell you of Mixed murdered, me and bet, half a w or so along the forces to the left p 3 the town, until we come to what I took to be a in the garden belonging to 'some eight, or maybe, the Governor him I' (If It was within stone's throw of' the stars edge, as I was surrounded by turn 1 Te wished will, which which the form of the cypress trees overtopping' it scorn is gloomier than ever At the far end of the nail thirty or forty yards next ix, I I will just make out the bus of a neat wooden gate in fact, the entire place and so (happened and each after the ram "shackle town that I sit down with my back I against the stonework, ind lugged out my P. peter i smoke The girl pelted herself beside me, and, I roateisntion between us been impossible, j mu ed herself by throwing pebbles at the I relations of the was in the sea The v i < themselves looked more like the little fif- loons of the southern 'hemisphere loan 'oles picked in the sky and I never re i ember seem' such a brilliant moonless "gat nnxnhcres north of' the equator The 'un lines o' reflections bordered by the whole mountain shadow 'minded me of a letter note on black edged paper lord ed sideways, md I some ow began to hanker for a companion who could talk sense in Head of Mrs TiuKinh gibbon, is Now, as 1 W-s mine' (and I've washed it all over the world, that I could 'save ? Mng.d the thick skulls of them bickers' I libel builders together, I chanced to look edwards the mountain which masked the harbour entrance, and the pine fell from a tion mouth Tor there, picked out on two velvet shoes, were the electric lights of a great ship, and from the lamp in bed I "ran too I knew her for the flagship Jne position light in her jack staff showed a her to he at anchor, yet, although she was no more than a mile away and the night. î_.-t,'V"_dc.in-,Id heard neither the jPMh of the big bower nor the tearing' in. 22 j cars. tnro,JB'» the hawse pipe. "never had my blessed eyes been, I won wed, not to have seen her enter the bay and pick up her present billet! None knew better than in the loss 1 as to my own ship. But I'm not. rally a great man, and I must confess that I was 13 > ,6U,rPril-ed at the Admiral himself train back for a mere Private o' Marines. should have taken it as a compliment- st n -throughly well deserved one, mm. you-if held sent a destroyer, or even .iiit-olAss torpedo-boat. But the Flag £7' .U.wn? the proudest moment of a man Bttunlcss career." later ' 'horrors' "he "Rule on the church »_?|JV.' i 1)CCen,no Mrs ,,PnPct' "was- -as a" _c"°,w townsman," vicar's warden, JM husband of the buxom Mrs. V-. It »-.i.0' "? . Word the cardinal virtues separated and personified. With the coming of a match, however, it was again to named Private of Marines. dallying 'with cellar under the eastern stars, "in ??F*0" to see what the girl made of it, I Me she was still chucking' pebbles. last.'. year and must seem to w*Hiele_»t interest in the Plagiihip'a Copyright In X_i.r_ll_. J unexpected return I pointed across the bay, but she only smiled vacantly, and went on with her stone-throwing ' All hot interest in the British Fleet was centred (not onnfit'rnlly) in the fine nugget of a man at hot side "The electric light shining' through the long row of messages an' channel scuttles, made ragged strokes on the water like a lot of dotted la scrawled across a shed m quicksilver from the dogs in the ship's hull to the wriggling' tails within a few yards of us, the sea was one big shivering' fit, and I presently became aware that mixed up with the shivers was a move' black speck, grown' gradually bigger and bigger After a bit I discovered what it was, namely, one of the flagship's boats She was heroin' directly for us ' Now, how in the name of fortune, I wondered, could the bolt's Crew have known that I was sitting' in that identical place on the dark beach Just as they got closer in I say that they were taken' for a spot some forty yards to the left Then the cars were tossed, and a few seconds later the big boat-the pink ice, she was ran her blunt nose noiselessly into the shingle, right opposite the wooden gate in the v lime-washed garden will "Whether the girl had grown tired by this time of playing ducks and drakes, in silence, or whether it was not i ii feminine curiosity, I didn't know Anyway, she suddenly got up and strolled along the beach in the direction of the boat Then I saw a most wonderful thing I saw a Woman pass within a. couple r yards of a boatful o' British sailors without so much as turn' her 'head to look at them' "But if she took no notice of the men, the ministers, too, of all people in the world-ttrtamly paid no 'heed to her It puzzled me why they expected to find me in a lovely garden at the time of night, but over, mother's son of them was staring at the gate as if he thought I might slip through the bus like a time without being seen "Standing up in the bows of the boat was a diUmmtr of the marines, and pic sentry-box order, I suppose, of the off ted in commanding l used his bugle to his lips and sounded the long 'Last Post ' It's a dismal call at the best of times, even in the barrack square, with a hundred lighted windows all around you But, allowing' for the depressing' effect of that silent bl. among the gloomy mountains, there was a wail in the boys music that I never 'heard before or Since and never want to again. It was ld'C and le. linger reckoning up the knobs upon your spine "1 stood up and shook myself to make sure that I wasn't dreaming ' Why on earth had the flagship herself come to fetch me' "Why had the pinnace been sent ashore for me, instead of a dinghy or skiff What was the meaning of that on in 'J last lost of life on the lonely beach ' And then, for the first time, of realised that it vi isn't for me that (lie silent bolts crew were waitin' The gate in the wall had swung open, and from the deep shadows of the garden a little pity m fours marched down the bench to the boat. A few paces in line came another and "smaller party and from the pretty' little of the first and the tied ends of the second I knew Hiern for blue jackets in an innes respectively It was the only difference between them, though, for -what was most exit otdm'iy-everv bales sod men with iii cared in in 'capital bed gown "I was in the act of coupling them IWeiitj till are they were, all told-when 1 portioned the girl rowing back over the shingle 1 but rally expected to see her stop, for the men were right across her path, the first part at the water s edge, the second still marching' down the ball Vi ithout hesitate' for a moment, we without a glance at either, the girl walked slap between them' " The a serious Inert in the bed gown things have, been helped over the bows of the pinnace by their comrades, the entire party set to work With oars and boathook to float her again and so interested was I in watching' tin of efforts that I forgot all about me self that they had pulled a dozen strokes 01 move from the bush Then I ran down to the water s edge and killed them with his full upon the nix lungs, but although I continued to shout till I was hoarse, Uni the woods be and mc where toll 0 mac! in thee- the only effect it had was to frighten my Jinks di companion who left off for home as, fast is not high tion Mrs would it be rich and six of 11 ? to me pine J xx watched the practice till she again dwindled to a burn speck among the daily collection-,, and as I watched I began to ponder on the remarkable silence with which bind torn and gone He was, for some li son. or other, must not been instilled, mile 1 d iii 11 unit next end when, not is id I noticed The green of the keel upon the shingle The men, moreover as far as 1 war now in, future it spoken a sx liable, and though I new Illili silence was one of the Aden i its politics 1 d nee of di cant that it could ill been brought to such a pitch of deadliness if it had been for this financial bugle all which was still mean in any tins and for the Brilliant lights over pointed against the ill I would have said that I'd been di certain how long does it the n me in to fight I will driven pipe ten or a dozen seconds' As 1 hills down the British 1 received nix gaze across the bay and on might have knocked the door with the prevalent further 1 xix vestige of electric light and its erection had a washed' The flagship left the anchorage as swiftly and silently us she had entered it the girl dux n Tml wh gunboat looked in at Minmai me on her way to the Swan pint-, and the Governor time to his promise ordered mc a p stage in her I went home Later he Mejitul the British fleet in Tripoli road-, and in seven bells in the forenoon whilst I was on board my own ship again The skipper was weigh-in' off defaulters on the quarterdeck when I come over the side and I was inn ched straight aft and fallen in on the left of the Inn When he d heard the charge against me he asked what I had (a six and I told him and, although 1 d no excuse for breaking' my life, I had at all events done my best to get on board the flag-ship when she had come two nights before into Minimise the defaulting' book fell with a 61 Fish from the colour soon grant is made to the deck , the union jumped as though had been shot, and the ship looked like a man that sees a ghost Everyone in ml within hen in seemed to axe hold an electric shock ' You are quite sure you don't mean the Royal George, nix lid' says (he skip per 1 night, when bed remained himself and then he gave orders is I re already told you, that I was to he taken to the side line and 1 op 'under the (ihsuxnlinti of the doctor I began to think that I really was no id On our way for and T asked 9 question 'I am not to the station you know, colour -special ' says J, nul llities things which even I don't know what is the 1 listen to do with that there garden on the be his it vitamines' I says, the one to the right of the town is von face it with the wink Hushed will and the big wooden gate was ' (seldom' see the colour sergeant, took' me 'and in the face, 'well, I suppose 5011 could tell in a garden in a minute of speaking' 'It is the Greek comet'] v,' he said-, where three and twenty of His flagships company who but ltd if to the four per deane last summer "It was in turn (0 have electric shocks non ' 1 French three and twenty empty cow fires in that garden,' I saw, more to myself than to 'run 'leather, colour sergeant, now I come to him. of it I misdemeanor seen' the FlagshiP when We come into the roads this month' Where's she gone to 'It's 'high time, my lad,' returns the colour sergeant, solemn like, that you was took to the sick bay The kingship was sent to the bottom 111 seventy five fathoms of' water by the llamhordown on 'Thursday after noon in blooming' hours before you saw her in-k.nimurico BnVjl'" Mr Pigott thoughtfully knocked the ashes from his pipe against the churchyard wall "It's my belief," he concluded impioR sively, "That she returned to Mnrmanee to complete her complement before settling down to her last long commission under the shadow of Mount Lebanon " 