_ LYSBETH : A TALE OF THE DUTCH. ? :: I ? ? i ? ??? ? ? ? BY H. E/XXDEE, IX^C3-GA.E.3D. CHAPTER XIV. 6W0ED SILENCE EECEITES TIIE 8ECEET. For half an hour or mor? they glided down the canal unmolested and in siknce. Now it ran into a broader waterway, along which they slid towards the sea, keeping as much as possible under the shadow of a bank, for although the nie4it was mnnnlf RH a faint, orev 1 i rrh f lav nnnn the surface of the stream. At length Foy became aware that tbey were bumping against the sides of a long line of barges and river boats laden with timber and other goods. To OQe of these— it was the fou-th — the pilot Hans made fast, tying their row-boat to her stem. Then he climbed to the deck, whispering to them to follow. As they scrambled on board, two grey figures arose aud Foy saw the flash of steel. Then Hans whistled like a plover, and dropping their swords they oame to bim and fell into talk. Presently Hans left them, and, returning to Foy aod Martin, said : ' Listen : we must lie here a while, for the wind is against us, and it would be too dangerous lor us to try to row or pole so big a boat down to the sea and aaross tbe bar in the darkness, for most likely we shonld Bet her fast upon a shoal. Before dawn it will turn, and. if I read the sky aright, fclotf hard off land.' ' What have the bargemen to say i asked Foy. ' Only that for these four days they have been lying here forbidden to move, and that their craft are to be searched to-morrow by a party of soldiers, and the cargo taken out of them piece meal.' ' So,' said Foy, ' well, I hope that by then what they seek will be far away. Now show us this ship.' Then Hans took thsm down the hatchway, for the little vessel was decked, being in Bhape and size] net unlike a modern Norfolk herring boat, though somewhat more slightly built. Then having lit a lantern, he showed them tbe cargo. On the tops were bags of salt. Dragging one or two of these aside, Hans uncovered the heads of five barrels, each of them marked with the initial B. in wh'te paint. ' That is what men will die for before to morrow night,' he snid. ' The treasure ?' asked Foy. He nodded. ' These five, none of the others.' Then still lower down he showed other barrels, eight of them, filled with the best gunpowder, and showed them too where the slow matches ran to the little cabin, the cook's galley, the til er and the prow, by means of any one of which it could be fired. After tbi-= and such inspection of the ropes aud ssils as the light would allow, tbev sat in the cabin waiting till the wind ehould change, while the two watchmen unmoored the vessel and made her sails ready for hoisting. Au hour passed, and still the wind blew from the sea, but in uncertain chopping gusts. Then it fell altogether. ' Pray God it comes soon,' said Martin, ' for the owner of that finger in your pocket will have laid the hounds on to our slot long ago, aud, look, the east grows red.' The silent, hard-faced Hans leapt forward and stared up the darkling water, his hand behind his ear. ' I bear them,' he said presently. ' Who ?' asked Foy. ' The Spaniard* and the wind — both,' he answered. ' Gome, up with the mainsail and pole her out to mid-stream.' . So the three of them took hold of the tackle, and ran aft with it, while the lings and boomB creaked and rattled as the great canvas climbed the mast. Presently it was Bet, and after it the jib. Then, assisted by the two watchmen, thruatingJfrom another of the boats, they pushed the Swallcw from her place in the line out into midstream. But all this made noise and took time, and now men appeared upon the bank, calling to know who dared to move the boats without leave. As no one gave them any answer, they fired a shot, and presently a lire began to burn upon a nsighbouring mound. ' Bad business,' Baia Hans, shrugging his shoulders. ?' They are warning the Govern ment ship at the harbour mouth. Duck, masters, duck ; here comes the wind,' ana he sprang to the tiller as the boom swung over and the little vessel began to gather way. ' Yes,' said Martin, ' and here with it come the Spaniards.' Foy looked. Through the grey mist that was growing lighter every moment, for the dawn was breaking, he causrbt sight of a long boat with her canvas spread which was sweeping round the bend of the stream towards them and not much more than a quarter of a mile away. ' They have had to pole down the stream in the dark, and that is why they have been no long in coming,' said Hans over his shoulder. ' Well, tbey are here now at any rate,' answered Foy, ' and plenty of them,' he added, as a shout irom well-nigh a score of throats told them that they were discovered. By now the Swallow had begun to fly, making tbe water hiss upon either side of her bows. ' How far is it to the sea ?' asked Foy. ' About three miles,' Hans called back from the tiller. ' With tbis wind we should be there in fifteen minutes. Master,' he added presently, ' bid your man light the fire in the galley.' ' What for,' asked Foy, ' to cook breakfast ?' The pilot shrugged his shoulders and muttered, ' Yes, if we live to eat it.' But Foy saw that he was glancing at the slow match by his side, and understood. Ten minutes passed, and they bad swept round the last bend and were in the stretch of open water which ran down to the sea. By now the light was strong, and in it they saw that the signal fire had not been lit in vain. At tbe mouth of the cutting, just where the bar began, the channel was narrowed ia with eatth to a width not more than fifty paces, aDd on one bank of it stood a fort armed with oulverins. Out of the li' tie harbour of this fort a large open boat was being poled, and in it a d zen or fifteen soldiers were hastily arming themselves. ' What now ?' cried Martin. ' They are going to stop the mouth of the channel.' The hard-featured Hans set his teeth and made no answer. Only he 1 loked backward at hiR pursuers aod onward at those who barred the way. . Presently he called aloud : ' Under hatches, both of yGU. They are going to fire from the fort,' and he flung himself upon his back, steering with his uplifted arms. Foy and Martin tumbled down the hatchway, for they could do no good on deck. Only Foy kept one eye above its level. ' Look out !' he said, and ducked. As he spoke there was a puff of white smoke from the fort, followed by tbe scream of a shot, whioh passed ahead of them. Then came another puff of smoke, and a hole appeared in their brown sail. After this the fort did not fire again, for the gunners found no time to load their pieces, only some soldiers who werj armed with arque b usees began to shoot as the boat swept past with in a few yards of them. Heedless of their bullets, Hans the pilot rose to his feet again, for such work as was before him could not be done ty a man lying on bis back. By now the large open boat from the fort was within two hundred yards of them, and, driven by the gathering gale, the Swallow rushed Men appeared upon the bank, calling to know who dared move the boats without leave. towards it with the speed of a dart. Foy and Martin crawled from the hatchway and lay down near tbe steersman under the shelter of the little bulwarks, watching the enemy's boat, which was in midstream just where the channel was narrowest, aud on the hither side of the broken water of the bar. ' See,' eaid Fey, ' they are throwing out anchors fore and aft. Is there room to go paBt tbem ?' 'No,' answered Hans, 'the water is too shallow under the bank, and they know it. Bring me a burning brand.' Foy crept forward, and returned with the fire. ' Now light the slow-match, master.' Foy opened his blue eyes and a cold shiver went down his back. Then he set bis teeth and obeyed. Martin looked at Hans, muttering, ' Good for a young one !' Hans nodded and said, ' Have no fear. Till that match burnt) to the level of the deck we are safe. Now, mates, hold fast. I can't go patt that boat, so I am going through ber. We may sink on the other side, though I am sure that the fire will reach the powder first. In that case you can swim for it if you like, but I shall go with the Swallow. ' I will think about it when the time comes. Oh ! that cursed astronomer,' prowled Martin, looking back at the pursuing sLip. which was ni t more than seven or eight hundred yards away. Meanwhile the effieer iu command of tho boat, who was armed with a musket, was shouting to them to pull down their sail and surrender ; indeed, not until iliey were within fifty yards of him did he seem to understand their desperate purpose Then someone in the be at called out : ' The devils are going to sink us,' and there was a rush fore and aft to get up the anchors. Only the officer ttood firm, screiming at them like a madman. It was too late ; a strong gust of wind caught the Swallow, causing her to heel over and sweep down on the boat like a swooping falcon. Hans stood and shifted the till«r ever so little, calculating all thin era with bis eye. Foy watched the boat towards which tbey sprang like a thing alive, and Martin, lying at his side, watched the burning match. Suddenly the Spanish officer, when their prow was not more than twenty paces from him, ceased to shout, and lifting his piece fired it. Martin, looking upwards with his left eye, thought that he saw Hans flinch, but the pilot made no sound. Only he did something to the tiller, putting all his strength on to it, and it seemed to the pair of them as though the Swallow was foi an instant checked in her flight — certainly her prow ap peared to lift itself from the water. Then suddenly there was a sound of something snapping — a sound that could be heard even through the yell of terror from the soldiers in tho boat. It was the bowsprit which had gone, leav ing the jib flying loose like a great pennon. Then came the crash. Foy thut his eyes for a moment, hanging on with both hands till thj scraping iind the trembling were done with. Now he opened them again, and the first thing he saw was the body of the Spanish officer hanging from the jagged stump of the bowsprit. He looked behind. The boat had vanished, but in the water were to be seen the heads of three or four men swimming. As for themselves they seemed to be clear and unhurt, except for the loss of their bowsprit ; indeed, the little vessel was riding over the seas on the bar like any swan. Hans glanced at the slow- match, which was smouldering away perilously near to the deck, whereon Martin stamped upon it ssying : ' If we sink now it will be in deep water, so there is no need to fly up before we go down.' ' Go and see if she leaks,' said Hans. They went and searched the forehold, but could not find that the Swallow had taken any harm worth noting. Indeed, her massive oaken prow, with the weight of tbe gale-driven ship behind it, had crashed through the frail sides of the open Spanish boat like a knife through an egg. ' That was good steering,' said Foy to Hans, when tbey returned, ' and nothing seems to be amiss.' Hans nodded. ' I hit him neatly,' he muttered. ' Look He's gone.' As he spoke the Swallow gave a sharp pitch, and the corpse of the Spanish officer fell with a heavy splash into tbe sea ' I am glad it has sunk,' said Foy ; ' and now let's have some breakfast, for I am starving. Shall I bring you some, friend Hans ? ' ' No, master, I *ant to sleep.*' Something in the tone of the man's voice caused Foy to scrutinise his face. His lips were turning blue. He glanced at his hands. Although they still grasped the tiller tightly, these also were turning blue, as though with cold; moreover, blood was dropping on the deck. ' You are hit,' he said. ' Martin, Martin, Hans is hit 1 ' ' Yes,' replied the man, ' he hit me and I hie him, and perhaps presently we shall be talking it over together. No, don't trouble, it is through the body and mortal. Well, I expected nothing less, so I can't complain. Now, listen, while my strength holds. Can you lay a course for Har wich in England ? ' Martin and Foy shook their heads. Like most Hollanders, they were good sailormen, but they only knew their own coasts. ' Then you had best not try it,' said Hans, ' for there is a gale brewing, and you will be driven on the Goodwin Sands, or somewhere down that shore, and drowned and the treasure lost. Run up to the Haarlemer Meer, comrades. You can hug the land with tbis small boat, while that big devil after you,' and he nodded towards the pur suing vessel, which by now was crossing the bar, ' must stand further out beyond the shoals. Then slip up through the small gut —the ruined farmstead marks it— and eo into the meer. You know Mother Martha, the mad woman, who is nicknamed the Mace ? She will be watching at the mouth of it ; she always is. Moreover, I caused her to be warned that we might paBS her way, and if you hoist the white flag with a red ciobs — it lies in the locker — or, after nightfall, hang out four lamps upon yonr starboard side, she will come aboard to pilot you, for she koows this boat well. To her also you can tell your business without fear, for she will help yuu in it, and be secret as the dead. Then sink it, or blow it up, or bury the treasure, or do what you can, but, in the name cf God, to whom I go, I charge you do not let it fall into the hands of Ramiro and his Spanish rate, who are at your heels.' As Hans spoke he sank down upon the deck. Foy ran to support him, but he pushed him aside with a feeble hand ?' Lit me be,' he whispered. ' I wish to pray. £ have set you the coura®. Fellow ir to the end.' Then Martin took the tiller while Foy watohed Hans. In ten minutes he was dead. Now they wete running northwards with a fierce wind abeam of them, and the larger Spanish ship behind, but standing further out to sea to avoid tbe banks. Half an hour later the wind, which was gathering to a gale, shifted several points to the north, so that they must beat up against it under reefed canvas. Still they held on without accident, Foy attending to the sail and Martin rteering The Swallow was a good sea boat, and if their progress was slow so was that of her pursuer, which dogged them continually, sometimes a mile away and some times lets. At length, towards evening, they caught sight of a ruined house that m irked the channel of the little gut, one of the outlets of the Haarlem Meer. ' The sea runs high upon tbe bar and it is ebb tide,'' eaid Foy. ' Even eo we mu6t try it, master,' answered Martin. ' Pt- haps she will scrape through,' and he put the Swallow about and ran for tbe mouth of the gut. Here the waves were mountainous, and much water came aboard. Moreover, three times they bumped uprn the bar, till at length, to their joy, they found themselves in the calm stream of the gut, and, by shifting the sa:l, were able to draw up it, though very (-lowly. ' At least we have got a start of them,' said Foy, ' for they can never get across until the tide rises.' 41 We shall need it all.' answered Martin 44 so now hoist the white flag and let us eat while we msy.' 'While tbey ate the sun sank, and the wind blew, so that scarcely -;ould they make a knot an hour, bhilt the sail as they might. Then, as there was no sigc of Mother Martha, or any other pilot, they hung out the four latnpB upon the starboard fide, and, with a flapping nail, drifted on gradually, till at length they leached the mouth of the great mere, an infinite waste of waters — deep in some places, shallow in others, and spotted everywhere with islets. Now the wind turned against them altogether, and, the darkness closing in, they were forced to drop anchor, fearing lest otherwise they should go ashore. One comfort they had, however, as yet nothing1 could be seen of their pursuers. Then, for the first time, their spirits failed iLem somewhat, and they stood together near the stern wondering what tbey ehould do. It was while they retted thus that suddenly a figure appeared before them as though it bad risen from the deck of the ship. No sound of oars or foot steps had reached their ears, yet there, outlined against the dim sky, was a figure. ' I think that friend HanB has coine to lifo again,' said Martin with a slight quaver in his voice, for Martin was terribly afraid cf ghosts. ' And I thick that a Spaniard has found us,' said Foy, drawing his knife. Then a hoarse voice spoke, saying, ' Who are yrcu that signal for a piloton my waters P ' 44 The question is — Who are you P ' answered Foy, 44 and be so good as to tell us quickly.' 44 I am the pilot,' eaid the voice, 44 and this boat, by the rig of her and ber signals, should be the Swallow of The Hague ; but why must I crawl aboard of her across the corps of a dead man ? ' ' Come into the cabin, pilot, aud we will tell you,'' said Foy. 44 Very well, Mynheer.' So IFoy led the way to the cat in, but Martin stopped behind awhile. ' We have found our guide, eo what is the use of the lamps P he said to himstlf as he ex tinguished them all, except one, which he brought with him into the cabin. Foy was waiting for him by the dcor, and they entered the place together. At the end of it the light of the lamp showed them a strange figure clad in skins, so shapeless and sack-like that it was impossible to say whether the form beneath were male or female. The figure was bareheaded, and about the brow locks of grizzled hair hung in tufts. The face, in which was set a pair of wandering grey eyes, was deep cut, tanned brown by ex posure, scarred, and very ugly, with withered lips \- and projecting teeth. ' Good even to you, Dirk van Groorl's son, and to yoti, Red Martin. I am Mother Martha, she whom the Spaniards call ths Mare and the Lake witch.' ' Little need to tell us that, mother,' %a;d Foy, ' although it is true ihat many years have gone by since t set eyes on you.' Martha smiled grimly as t-he answered, ' Yes, many years. Well, what have you fat Leydeu burghers to do with a poor old night-hag. except, of course, in times of trouble P Nut that I blame you, for it is not well that ycu, or your parents either, should be known to traffic with such as L Now, what is jour business with me, for the signals show that yon have business, and why does the corpse of Hendrik Brant's foster brother lie there in the stern P ' ' Because, to be plain, we have Hendrik Brant's treasure on board, mother, and for the rest look yonder—' and he pointed to what his eye had just caught sight of two or three mileB away, a faint light, too low and too red for a star, that could only come from a lantern hung at the masthead of a ship. Martha nodded. ' Spaniards after you, poling through the gut against the wind. Come on, there is no time to lose. Bring your boat round, and we will tow tbe Swallow to where she will lie safe to-night.' Five minutes later they were, all three of them, rowing rhe little oar boat in which tbey had escaped from The Hague towards 6ome unknown point in the darkness, slowly dragging after them the little ship Swallow. As they went Foy told Martha all the story of their mission and escape. ' I have h said of this treasure before, 'she said ; ' all the Netherlands his beatd of Brant's hoard. Also dead Hans there let me know that, perhaps, it might corno this way, for in such matters he thought that I could be trusted,' and she srriled grimly. ' And now what would you do ? ' ' Fulfil our orders,' said Foy. ' Hide it if we can ; if not, destroy it.' 44 Better the first than the last,' interrupts! Martin. *' Hide the treasure, Bay I, and destroy the Spaniards, if Mother Martha here can think of a plan.' ' We might sink tbe ship,' suggested Foy. ' And leave her mast for a beacon,' added Martin sarcastically. ' Or put the stuff into the boat and sink that.' ' And never find it again in this great sea,' objected Martin. All this wbile Martha steered the boat as calmly as though it was daylight. They had left the open water, and were passing slowly in and out among islets, yet Bhe never seemed to be doubtful or to hesitate. At length they felt the Swallow behind them take the mui gently, whereon Matba led thB way aboard of her and threw out the anchor, saying that here waB her berth for the night. 44 Now,' she said, 44 bring up tbis gold and lay it in the boat, for if you would save it there is much to do before dawn.' So Foy and Martin weut down while Martha, hanging over the hatchway, held the lighted lamp above them, since they dared not take it near the powder. Moving the bags of salt, soon they came to the five barrels of treasure marked B., and, strong though they were, it was no easy task for the pair of them, by* the help of a pulley, to sling them over tbe ebip's side into the boat. At last it was done, and the place of the barrele having been filled with salt bags, they took two iron spades, which had been provided for such a task as this, and started, Martha steering as be fore. For an hour or more they rowed in and out among the endless islands, at the dim shores of which Martha stared as they passed, till at length she motioned to them to ship their oars, aud they touched ground. Leaping from the boat the made it fast and vanished among the reeds to reconnoitre. Presently she returned again, saying that this . was tbe place. Then began the heavy labour of rolling the casks of treasure for thirty yards or more along otter paths that pierced the dense growth of reeds. Now, having first carefully cut out reed sods in a place chosen by Martha, Foy and Martin set to their task of digging a great hole by the light of the s tars. Hard indeed they toiled at it, yet, had it not been for the softness of the marshy soil, they could not have got done while the night lasted, for the grave that would contain those barrels mu6t be both wide and deep. After three feet of soil had been removed, they came to the level cf the lake, and for the rest of the time worked in the water, throwing up shovelfuls of mud. Still, at last it was done, and the five barrels, standing side* by Bide in the water, were covered up with soil and roughly planted over with the reed turf. ' Let us be going,' said Martha. ' There is no time to lose.' So they straightened their backs and wiped the sweat from their brows. ?4 There is earih lying about, which may teli its story,' 6aid Martin ' Yes, she' replied, 44 if any see it within the next ten days, after which, iu this damp plaoe, the mosses will have hiddan it.' 44 Well, we have done our best,' said Foy, as he washed his mud-stained boots in the water, ' and now the stuff must take its chance.' Then once more they entered the boat and rowed away somewhat wearily, Ttfnrrtm steering them, On they went, and on till Foy, tired our, nearly fell asleep at his oar. Suddenly Martha tapped him on the shoulder. He looked np and there, not two hundred yards away, its tapering maet showing dimly against the sky, was the vessel that had pursued them from The Hague, a single lantern burning' cn its stern. M*rtha looked and grunted ; then she leant forward and whispered to them imperiously. ' It is madness,' gasped Martin. ' Do as I bid yon,' she hissed, and they let the boat drift with the wind till it came to a little island within thirty yards of the anchored vessel, an island with a willow tree growing upon its ?»hore. ' Hold to the twigs of the tree,*' she muttered, ' and wait till I came again.' Not knowing what else to do, they obeyed. Then Martha rose, and they saw that she had slipped off her garment of skins, and stood before them, a gaunt wbite figure, armed with a gleaming knife. Next bhe put the knife to her mouth, end, nipping it between her teeth, slid into the water silently as a diving bird. A minute passed, not more, and they saw that something was climbing op tbe cable of the ship. ** What is she going to do ? ' 'whispered Foy 44 God in Heaven knows,'' answered Martin, *' bat if she does not uome back good-bye io Heer Brant's treasure, for Bhe alonecanfindit again.' ll»y waited, holding their breaths, till presently a curious choking sound floated to them, and the lantern on the ship vanished. Two minutes later a hand with a knife in it appeared over the gunwale oi the boat, followed by a grey head. Martin put out his great arm and lifted, and, lo ! the wbite form Blid down between them like a big salmon turned out of a net. ' Put about and row,' it gasped, and they obeyed, while the Mare clothed herself again in her skin garment. ' What have you done ? ' asked Fey. ' Something,'' she replied with a fierce chuckle. ' I have stabbed the watchman — he thought I waB a ghost, and was too frightened to call out. I have cut the cable, and I think that I have fired the ship Ah ! look ! but row — rcw round the corner of the island.' They gave way, and as they turned behind the bank of reeds glanced behind them, to see a tall tongue of fire shooting up the cordatre of the ship, and to hear a babel of frightened and angry voices. Ten minutes later they were on board the Swallow, and from her deck watching the fierce flame of the burning Spanish vessel nearly a mile away. Here they ate and drank, for they needed food badly. ' What shall we do now ? ' asked Foy when they had finished. ' Nothing at present,' answered Martha, 44 but give me pen and paper. They found them, and having shrouded the little window of tbe cabin, she sat at tbe table and very slowly, but with much skill, drew a plan, or rather a picture, of this petition of the Haarlemer Meer. In that plan were marked many islands according to thtiir natural shapes, twenty of them, perhaps, end upon one of these she set a small cross. 41 Take it and hide it,' said Martha, when it was finished, ' so that if I die you may know where to dig for Brant's gold. With this in your band you cannot fail to find it, for I draw well. Re member that it lies thirty paces due south of the only spot where it is easy to land upon that ielani.' ' What shall I do with this picture, which is worth so much ? ' said Foy helplessly, 41 for in truth I fear to keep (he thing.' ' Give it to me, master,' said Martin ; ' the fceoret of the treasure tnay as well lie with the legacy that is charged on it.' Then -nce more he unscrewed the handle of the sword Silence, and having folded up the paper and wrapped it round with a piece of linen, be thrust it away into the hollow hilt. * ' Now that sword is worth more than some people might think,' Martin 6aid as he restored it to the scabbard, ' but I hope that those who come to seek its secret may have to travel up its blade. Well, shall we be moving ? ' ' Listen,' said Martha. ' Would you two men dare a great deed upon those Spaniards ? Their ship is burnt, but there are a score or over of them, and they have two large boats. Now at the dawn they will see the mast of this vessel and attack it in the boats thinking to find the treasure. Well, if as they win aboard we can 'manage to fire the matches ? ' ' Thers may be fewer Spaniards left to plague ne,' suggested Foy. ' And believing it to be blown up no cne will trouble about that money further,' added Martin. ' ' Oh ! the plan is good, but danger ous. Come, let us talk it over.'' The dawn broke in a floc.d of yellow light on the surface of the Haarlemer M eer. Presently from the direction of the Spanish vessel, which was still burning sullenly, came a sound of beat ing oars. Now the three watchers in the Swallow saw two boatloads of armed men, one of them with a small sail set, swooping down towards them. ' It is time,' and Foy ran hither and thither with a candle firing the slow matches; also, to make sure, he cast the candle among a few handfuls of oil-soaked shreds of canvas that lay ready at the bottom of the hatchway. Then with the others, without the Spaniards being able to see them, hu slipped over the side of the little vessel into the shallow water that was clothed with tall reeds, and waded through it to the island. Once on firm land, they ran a hundred yards or 90 tiil they reached a clump of swamp willows, and took shelter behind them. Indeed, Foy did more, for he climbed the trunk of one of the willows high enough to see over the reeds to the ?hip Swallow and the lake beyond. By this time the Spaniards were alongside the Swallow, for he could hear their captain hailing him who leant over the ttfffrail, and commanding all on board to surrender under pain of being put to death. Bnt from ihe man in the stern came no answer, which was scarcely strantre, seeing that it was the dead pilot, Hans, to whom they talked in the misty dawn, whose body Martin had lashed thus to deceive them. So they fired at the pilot, who took no notice, and then began to clamber on board the ship. Presently all the men were' out of the first boat — that with the sail set on it, except two, the Bteersman and the oaptain, whom, from his dress and domeanour, Foy took to be the one-eyed Spaniard, Ramiro, although of this he was too far off to make sure. It was certain, however, that this man did not mean to board the Swallow, for of a sudden he put his boat about, and, the wind catching the sail, soon drew him clear of her. ' That fellow is cunning,' said Foy to Martin and Martha below, ' and I was a fool ta light the tarred canvas, for he has Been the smoke drawing up the hatchway.' ' And, having had enough fire for one night, thinks that be will leave his mates to quench it,' added Martin. ' The second boat is drawing alongside,' went on Foy, ' and surely the minw should spring.' ?' Scarcely time yet,' answered Martin, ' thB matches were set for six minutes.*' Then followed a silence, in which the three of them watched and listened with beating hearts. In it they heard a voice call out that the steers man was dead, and the t nsweiing voice of the officer in the boat, whom F oj had been right in supposing to be Ramiro, warning theme to be ware of treachery. Now suddenly arose a shout of ' A mine ! a mine ! ' for they had found one of the lighted fuses. 44 They are running for their boat,' said Foy, ' and tbe captain ia sailing further off. Heavens .' how they scream.' As the words passed his lips a tongue of flame shot to the very skies. The island seemed to rock, a fior?.e rush of air struck Foy and shook him from the tree. Then came a dreadful, thunder ous sound, and lo ! the sky was darkened with fragments of wreck, limbs of men, a grey cloud of salt and torn shreds of sail and cargo, which fell here, there, and everywhere about and be yond them. In five seconds it was over, and the three of them, shaken, but unhurt, were clinging to each other on the ground. Then, as the dark pall of smoke drifted sonth ward, Foy scrambled up his tree again. But now there was little to be seen, for the Swallow had vanished utterly, and fur many yards round where she lay the wreckage strewn water was black as ink with the stirred mud. The Spaniards had gone alBO, nothing of them was left, save the two men and the boat, which rode unhurt at a distance. Foy stared at them. Ths steersman was seated and wringing his hands, while the captain, on whose armour the rays of the rising sun now shone brightly, held to the mast like one stunned, and gazed at the pHce where, a minute before, had been a ship and a troop of living men. Presently be seemed to recover himself, for he issued an order, whereon, the boat's head went about, and she began to glide away. 44 Now we had best try to catch him,' said Martha, who, by standing np, could see tbis also. ' Nay, let him be,' answered Foy, ' we have sent enough men to their account,' and he shuddered. ' As you will, master,' grumbled Martin, ' but I tell you it is not wise. The man iH too clever to te allowed to live, else he would have accompanied the others on board and perished with them.' ' Oh ! I am sick,' replied Foy. ' The wind from that powder has shaken me. Settle it aB you will with Mother Martha and leave me in peace.' So Martin turned to speak with Martha, but she was not there. Chuckling lo herself in the madness of hei hate and the glory of this great revenge, she had slipped away, knife in hand, to discover whether perchance any of the powder blasted Spaniards still lived. Fortunately for them they did not, the shock had killed them all, even those who, at the first alarm, had thrown themselves into the water. At length Martin found her clapping her hands and crooning above a dead body, so shattered that no one could tell to what manner of man it had belonged, and led her away. But although she was keen enough for the chase, by now it was too late, for, travelling before the strong wind, Ramiro and his boat had vanished. To be Continued. 