Comtt (fajfiiigg. A' sensible girl has no more «M. for a fresb young man than for one that . is stale. ' I fed for you deeply,' said the hungry - man, probing about in the soup-bowl for a stray oyster. ' I like to bear a baby cry,' said a crusty old bachelor. ' Why T' ' Because then tbe little nuisance 1s taken out of tbe room.' Sapsmith (sentimentally? : ' What is sad der than to have loved and lost ?' Henny peck (promptly) : 'To have loved and got her.' She : ' Is it true, darling, that you gave (the minister £3 for marrying us?' He : ' Yes, but keep it to yourself. I was never 60 Bwlndled in my life.' 'That dog certainly eeems almost human at times,' said old Mr. Fussy. . ' Yes,' said Mrs. Fussy, 'he growls over hi^ food quite as much as you do.' ' When I vlsitt Blackpool in tbe summer I always pay a visit to my old landlady.' ' Well, I suppose it'e only right that you should pay her something, old man.' He : ' What ? Is Mrs. Wedalot going- to -be led to tbe altar for the third time ?' She : ' Wo. (I should fancy not. She ought to be able to find the way herseit by tbls time.' IMrs. Cumso : ' Your husband dresses very quietly.,' Mrs. Ca-wker ; ' Does he ?' 'You ought .to hear him when-he can't find his collar, or bis sleeve-links become mislaid. Mr. Brown : ' Good morning, Mr. Jones ; how's your wife ?' Mr. Jones (who was deaf and didn't quite understand) : ' Very blustering and disagreeable again this morn ing.' ?' M splendid stroke ! Did you follow the ball, caddie ?' ' No, sir ; but X think tbat gentleman with (he red coat can tell where it struck. I see bim a-rubbin' 'isself preity much.' Ikey : ' Please, farder, give me a half penny for ice cream. I am &o; hot!' Father : ' Ikey, mein shon, dot is a vaist of money. I will tell you a fine ghost story dat will make your -blood run coid.' Young Lady : ' I can only be a sister to you— no more.' He : ' Thanks. That is very gcod of you. Have you spoken to your mother of it yet ?' Young Lady : ' Of what ?' He : ' My adoption 1' ' Do you realise, young man,' said the parson, ' when you l-eilre to rest at nigbt that you may be called before dawn?' ' Why, of course I do,' was -ibe response. ' I'm the father of a ihrte-weeks-old baby.' Mrs. Motherly : ' Why is it, George, that you have never thought seriously of getting married ?' George: 'fi'ou misunderstand me, Mrs. Motherly. I have always thought of it so seriously that I am still a bacnelor.' Jackson : ' How's your family ?' John son : ''Pretty well, thank you !' ' Any of your daughters married yei ?' ' No ; and I can't understand why they don't go oft. They use powder enougn, goodness knows 1' De Jones : ' I hear your firm dischargad you.' Smyths : ' Yes ; but 1 wouldn't m.nd tha't so much i'f they hadn't added insuit to injury.' De Jones : '? How eo V' Smythe : ' Ihey advertised for a boy to fill my piace.'1 Tterfectly Serene : ' Ever quarrel with your wife ?' ' No.' ' Have any trouble with your servants ?' ' No.' Cnlldren ?worry you ?' ' No.' ' Grtai Caesar, mail! how's that ?' ' Ain't married ; live by my self.' Enamoured Youth: ' Your father seems worried about something to-night.' Sweet Girl : ' Yes, poor pa has so many business cares.' Little Brother : ' That isn't it. He's mad because the big dog he bought didn't come.' A young man who knows all about it states that his experience has taught him that a flirt is a fool who delights in fooling girls, and the fool who is fooled by such a fool Is the fooliabest kind of a foal. He's been fooled badly. Pedestrian : ' So you want work, do you ? Well, 'you can get It by going to that factory over there. There is a placard on the door saying there is work for both sexes.' Tramp: ' Sorry, sir ; but thait don-t help me. I be long only to one sex.' ' Goodness ! We shall miss the first act,' she said Impatiently. ' We've been waiting a good many minutes for that mother of mine.' 'Hours, I should shy,' hd replied somewhat acrimoniously. 'Ours ?' cried she, rapturously. ' Oh, George, this Is so sudden !' Then she fell upon his neck. Mrs. Smith (thoughtfully) : ' I'm afraid I shall have to stop giving Bobby that tonic the doctor left him.' Mr. Smith (anxious ly) : ' Why, isn't he any better ?' Mrs. Smith ; ' Oh, yes ! But he has slid down the banisters six times this morning, broken the hall-lamp, two vases, a jug, and a looking glass, and I don't feel as If I could stand much more.' Captain Mahan, the first American Peace Commissioner to arrive in New York on hlB return from The Hague, was met by the usual army of Interviewers. But Mrs. Mahan stepped forward, and said to the re porters, ' I think you might let me talk to the captain a little while now. I have not seen him for five or six months, and ? ' Wonderful to relate, the American Pressmen at once withdrew. 