PAVEMENT PICTURES. A. DAY WITS THE «HM.KS. So many weird stories of the vast profits netted by pavr.ment artists have found their way into print, that for my own satisfac tion (writes an artist correspondent in a con temporary) I determined to go in character anA chalk pictures on tho flag-stones of West Kml London, to boo if fortune railly lay in that direction, Wo havo all '.hoard talcs of one man chalking a sories of pictures in diffpmnl: nfiifu i,f fmt-n n-riinn- Mk rnitn^K in a cab, and netting a royalty from each ' pitch,' presided over during tbo day by beggars incapable of any artinlic effort; but these stories never had any truth in them. Tho Artistic Ghost moves in higher circles than those of pavement pastclling. If ivc may judge from tho continued decaelencc of Pavement Art, tho profession is not so flourishing as it used to bo. Tho public sup port in ill; the Old Masters who used to ehnlk, with an air o£ conviction, those old favourites of tfiie al-frcsco ait — the niouso gnawing a tallow candle stuck in n gingor t-cer bottle, tho half of a qaimon, ttio storm nt sisi, ami Mint especially popular example of pavement mimicry, the plate of ham and rggH— arc dead, and thcir.Buqfi-esors aro both artless and lazy. Bo lazy indeed, or ho labour saving, that they chalk their altogether' in— ... Icriorjcffprts »q'%aifboanl8pv]iich they bring' out every iiiuY-ntujr and take honfe every niglit, instead ??-}£.. niairfully setting-tj»i and. working on the! stony-hearted sidewalk- day by day. The public have not been slow to notice thifl last (lodge, and have withheld their cappers accordingly. Tho latest novelty as we liavo recently seen, in this profession, is the Lady Pavement Artist — 'the only ono,' as she proudly announces; but whether sho finds thOTeward sufficient to pay for the hard work is known only to herself. THE PltELIMINARIES. For iny own part, let things go never so badly, I should novor seriously turn to seek the suffrages and tho half peoco of the way faycrs along tho streets after tho experi ences of my amateur day on the pavement In preparing for this expedition, the first difticulty,uftcrliaving purchased seven penny worth of assorted coloured chalks, and tying them iu a dilapidated duster, was to find clothes disgracefully shabby enough to dress the character. In mere personal appearance there was no trouble whatever. Figure to yourself a person under tho best circum stances attenuated and lantern-jawed, and you will readily conceive tlint.goiii^ unshaven fora week, such an ono would look pitiful onough without tho looped and windowed raggedness found and worn for the occasion. If ever a poor devil seemed to need your cop pers to keep him out of the casual ward, tho writer looked such, and formed an object of interest to the early morning policeman as he shambled, with a boot and a half on his feet, and other garments to matxji. down P;vik lane to Piccadilly, where tho destined pitch lay. Tho ordinary pavement artist does not commence buslines so early. Ho keeps bankers' and civil servants' hours, and puts in :in appearance between ten and eleven o'clock. The amateur has, perforce, to lf.ivo home hrtforo anyone is about,, if he would not havo all his nni^hbuurd bilking about him and drawing the mildest conclusion from tbo spectacle. So to l'icccivlilly before the day is well aired, and v- neat and coutemulatiou on a seat in the Green Park at tho torn- of 7.30 a.m., much to theontspoken disgust and contempt of certain British workmen going to breatfast, who opined that ono haduccn -tbero nil night, and looked in eoflfiequenco like! having ' slept in a field with tho gate open.' A FEW PliACMUAl.'. HINTS. It is by no means difficult to chalk the paVoigrnt into pictures. Given an even stone, first carefully diistod, it iWms, with . cjinlks, ah cxcolleDl.and docije'medju.ni.tfpr: i)le,tjding' coleiiirB. You do'thpjS'ialJiin^ctudely^rubll)-. it down with tlie palm of tho hand and lingers into harmonics, and then putting in tho last touches -with pointed pieces of chalk of tlie requisite colours, Tbo technique of pave ment art is probably iho' easiest technique in the whole range of artistic effort. Tako, for example, tho once favourite subject with these open-air pastcllists, and porhups the most popular with tbo, public— the mackerel. Nothing easier tlmu to, represent sucli a fisJi, fresh froni the sea, with ms arvjes glistening his ' harmonics in silver, and black ami blue '; nothing is so readily done, execjit. in- deed, the f-tonew:iro ginger beer bottle with a caudle-, guttering down tlia *ffles of it, or the simple iH\t.-'ffiwtivu piece of streaky bacon. Tvlnrli you do with a judicious admixture --t brown, rose- pink, yellow, ami white. Only, boar in mind that tho critical public, who flock round your gallery of popular art, and audibly express their opinions (but aro chary of parting with their pence), don't like low tones. None of your impressionism or gauzy subtleties for them, so far 11s treat ment goes; while as for subject, you must bo ' actual,' as the modern phrase has it, and if you can comment pictoriolly oh tho m mi ing pjipcr in tho most startling chalks it is possible to buy, why then tho admiring criticifsm of tho butcher- boys and all the many varieties of street urchins will malco you Mush. (But they don't give you any thing.) A blood-boltered battlefield or horrid railway accident — no mutter tlie drawing so Foil); as tbo colouring is lurid — will alway draw n crowd; and sentiment, so long as you are careful to lay tho pathos on with a trowel, so to say, is great. Probably the most successful hits in pavement art are the harrowing things of tho domestic senti mental Bort^-tho scries which show ' Tho Old Homo,' tho ' Prodigal Leaving Hoiue,' 'The Itcturn-JEIis Mother's Grave,' tho ' l'rodigal'8 End,' and so forth. 'MOVED ON.' Tho mistake tbo present Writer made was U-e very serious ono of trying to do work above this level. ' Landscapo and the picturesque aro ' drugs ' in tlio dncn^jir art market. The first series was chalkotl on tho flagstones by tho Grepn-park, \ttnei bad'not l-een completed when a half-penny rang on them; first fruits, of public approbation. Then tho police interfered, anof. art was— gently and -ftrmly.,bnt still unmistakably— 'moved on.' The constable viaskiha. and; almost apologetic tp tho miserablc-lbolfing wretch he bsdo go away. His inspector/ hti said, had forbTddcnHbcuuo of tfils pavchieiiiV to [lavement artiste; *',Tjut?' lie dddeid, 'you* ran find-a piteh .?at'fiyn'o pjirk Oqrner,' and po, firat carefully obliterating^tho^iicturcs, I ''paired to that Irnsy psscmeiit Just by tbo mb-nuik, cheered somewhat . by ; tbo sym pathetic donation of a penny at^ Midlands ?-( a woman hurrying, '.witTi hltlo black bag, to business Citywards. INCIDENTS OF THE DAT. No ono but Mio pavcniont-artifit can havo any notion of how great tho amount of (lust is in London's streets. Clearing a space, Mio pictures were all chalked anow, with iippro priate? appeals to the' public, in tlio well known styles ' Many can help one,' ' I do this to earn ray bread,' and so forth; but tho dust had to be continually brushed away and the gallery touched up. Then annoying in cidents begun to happen; a workman, stagger ing with drink, enino and blinked with tipsy gravity, ' Most if -I couldn't ^Jror better jnoself,' said ho. Tho criticism mattered little, but as ho exhibited on inclination to fall down and go to sleep on tho despised pic -ures,lho situation grew a little alarming, the morn osjiccially asonc of those easily-amused rtr«-t crowds began to gather to see the t un —-if any— whilcanothcrcrowd gathered round the first, to' ask wliat the matter was. Then the police came to the rescuo with their wel come ' Parse away,' and- peace reigned.-1 ? Then a passer-by, who looked like a lawyer's clerk, stooped hurriedly down und, somewhat shamefacedly, so itseciucd.preBiK* twopraico in the poor artist's Jmn* And. that was the last donation received that day, aj tJiough this unique exhibition was open until a lale hour in tlio afternoon. A iiUOTHER AUTIST. There was anoUier (a '.' brother artist ' ho perhaps should bo called) who had a show close by. Ho was a youngster of nhout 13, JWiu appeared ataboutono o'clock, furious at Uio sight af 3 now-coiier on this, which rcwimM tn Ijc at. on* cnil of hia daily pitch. So In- raine, with abuse and horrid threats of extending his show on to mine, and thus capturing nil the public support. All these ntbickH liad to be received with the stoicism of an Indian fakir, for the very excellent retwon that, if ,iny attempt had been made tc reply in the language of the streets, the wordy contest would very soon have revealed the amateur. This display of apparent in difference had its effect. From abuse, the boy presently changed to confidences. Ho didwijl, it would seem, however others might fare. Four shillings and sixpence, a day was his avnriigc. Probably his youth upprnkul to the sentimental public, while certainly what he called the ' 'orses 'cails ' he drew lmfilt. -inil *w\1/mi».w4 i.tlnlir lirmifrlif. liitt, rlnti. utions from passing lioracy men. But if he obtained all the public favours, there was ono crumb of comfort in tho professional approval hn vouchsafed: ' Yor colour ain's whiitchcr might call strong cnuf ; but yor cau dror. ' \Vhnt better pleasing criticism could one — by profession a black and white artist have thiin this ? Ucsult of tlio day's adventure — 3Jd. loss on balance, a violent headache, and nearly a sunstroki' from the heat radiated from the pavement, and a curious insight into a little understood industry. 