\- . ? "? ' ' "IC''.::' ;U *st~ ADDRESSES BY MESSES. MOOR- HEAD AKÚ MOHAN. lu the Victoria Hali, Fremantle, on 28th June, a meeting -iras held under the auspices of the National League, ta hear addresses upon federation by Messrs. C. J, Moran and F. W. Moorhead. The hall was crowded, a fair number of ladies ¡ occupying the gallery. On the platform ' were Messrs. J2. Solomon, M.L.A. (Mayor of Fremantle), J. J". Holmes, W. J. George, C. Harper, C. Y. Hubble, D. J. Doherty, ffigham, and Lyall Hall, M's.Ii.A., Messrs, ù. K. Oongdon, B. itolmes, and T. Birrell Gray. Mr. J. W Bateman occupied the chair : The Chairman, in opening the pro- ceedings, said that the meeting had be?n convened under the auspices of the Fre- mantle branch Of the National or anti Billite League of Western "Australia. He was sure that they would : give- the gentlemen who had been invited to at- ' tend and address them oakthe subject of Federation a patient hearing! He trusted -they wouldf- leam -something -that would be both interesting and instruc- tive from their discourses. There was no doubt that there were many persons j present that night who had diverse Lopinions on this most important subject. ! He looked upon it as being the most im- portant one that had yet corns before the public of Western Australia, and \ it was necessary that they should attend meeting of that kind in order that they ; might be educated on the subject, to en- able them to cast a proper vote at the referendum,- which would be taken on i the 31st of July. (Applause.) ME. MOOBHEAD'S SPEECH Mr. P. W. Moorhead, who first ad- dressed the meeting, said that he re- gretted- exceedingly that he had not come there that night with a .better pre Saved address than.4ie-intended to de- rer. Bnt, while looking at the assem- bly, and recollecting that he was speak- ing in the midst of a commercial com- munity, and to men mixed up with mer- cantile matters, it was not, after all, a matter of Such great regret, because he felt that when he was speaking to men who were to be intimately affected in their, every-day life and in meir busi- ness pursuits by the adoption or rejec- tion of this great question, if the few points that he had to put before them' were given in plain, unadorned langu- age, tiley would have more effect than if set out- in the tinsel of rhetoric. (Hear, hear.) It was not his intention that night to enter into elaborate de- tails in regard to this measure. He did not propose to .criticise the figures that had been adduced by either one side or the other. He would leave it to those who had. perhaps, more time than was at his disposal to enter into all the minutiae" of their financial relations. But he would say at the outset that he gave aa much credit to the sincerity of : purpose a'nd honesty of intention- of those , tn favour of the measure ,as he churned for himself. (Hear, hear,, and ; applause.) , They were all Western Aus- j traiians now,, having the interests of the country at heart, and from the attend- ance at the meeting that evening, and from the numbers who had attended meetings elsewhere, he was convinced that they were all «ringing to the dis- cussion of this, question nothing but a strong determination to do what they considered right io those who were to succeed them, (Applause.) Points for Consideration. He would now ask them to consider very briefly the nature of the Government which they at present lived under, how they would be affected by federation, the benefits which were promised to them, and the evils which would accrue to them, and he would ask them then to decide whether federation was good for Western Australia. (Applause.) He admitted that in ay discussion of that kind, affecting, as it did, their national, life, they could not altogether eliminate sympathv. They would not be inheri- tors of British representatives if sym-. pathy did not influence tnem in the dis- cussion and decision of that question. But he would ask them not to allow sympathy alone to decide the question of federation. Present Form of Government. He would ask them first of all what form of Government did they live under. (A Voice: "Bad." Laughter.) Well, if his friend said it was bad, ' then he condemned every British institution which had reared un their liberty. (Ap plause,-and cries of "No.") With their Í»resent form of Government, with the ranchise which they now had-(Cries of "Oh ! oh!"J-they possessed all the rights and liberties which were ever enjoyed or dreamt of bv the freedom- loving an- cients. (Hear, hear, and applause.) The representatives of Parliament were appointed by the people, who dictated to them what laws they wished them to pass, and who also had. a voice in the selection of the executive officers. .If, therefore, those who - were entitled to the franchise did not-exercise their vote . at elections, whose fault was it if they iud not get good representatives P It was the duty of the. people to compel their representatives to respect their wishes. (Applause.) What more could any person require with regard to the Government or management of its own . interests? They had representatives to" voice their opinions, and they had an' iixecutiveGovernmènt to carry out those. opinions. They could impose or remove any duties, and, to sum np the position, they had the control of the pursestrings. Let them calmly -consider for a moment what was the effect of air that. With regard to The Franchise, he regretted that they were only in the position to-day that-they should have been in three years ago j and which they would have been in had the views which he expressed years back carried weight, However, by the present franchise law in this colony, or, at least, hy that I. -^,.1 jill .I MM, ll 'lt ll',11 . I- . mi . . ,. .IWHIJI I ? ^WhtcA-yoülfl b> In Toreé by'tEe time of ?tife-ce^ ^eoiâoaiir'J^ecyeôdalki whoimrfil "been rlftföon^iiö^e≤äyl^ a vote. -That meant-thak those vhi> bad hitherto been disfranchised T*ro^d-3e. placed on the-rolls; and that henceforth, instead of the colony being governed, bv representatives of a small minority - of the population, they would have repre- sentatives of the people in the true sense of the term, to control the"afFair6= of State. And'that being so, they must i legislate for the benefit of the people, i and to do that he would rémark,-inter? alia, they must remove " The Food "Duties. Now, if Farliament had got the power to remove those'duties, which .were pressing, they were told, so. heavily; on the meiers ; of-.- f^e- community, . surely they were not,goinV to delegate that; power ' :to> mnother body, to an- alien people,-who had :no in t eresis in comihon, and who ." had -'.np. sympathy :wjth tliem,; as eídiibited -fe centty in connection witih, the niajl; steamer question ? , , ßnrehy,, Jie-: asked, ; these who advocated Federation would" I be prepared to place a,better; aspect on the position, before asking "them to . sell their birthright. . .(Hear, hear,,) .There could be no union where there 'was no a community, of interests, and he would say that hitherto there'had been no com- munity of interests, as had been point- ed out by supporters of Federation, Canada had been set up as an example of what Federation could do. But they had suf- ficient reasoning knowledge to be aware: that before an analogy could be selected, a parallel case must be^resented. And where had they pointed put in the union of those States which now constituted the Dominion of Canada a single State which stood in the same position to the others as Western Australia stood to- day in regard to the other colonies P (Hear, hear, and applause.) . Before they could take the arguments as applied to Pan- ada as being-conclusive they must first of all show that ell the circumstances 'of v the case were parallel with tho eoñ-. ditions which they stood in to-day. Nb person would deny that Federation had done much for - Canada. Nobody associated with him. in opposing Federa- tion would say that Canada .did not pre- sent to-day a netter appearance, .a better position in the British Empire, with Federation than she lid twenty years ago. But they must nave pîacod be- fore them the fact that wine of the States in that Federation presented to other states a condition similar to that in which Western Australia that day presented to Victoria and New South Wales. What Community of Interests , 'had the people of this colony with those of the other side? They were told that they had a community of brotherhood of the same blood. But if a person was -going into partnership to-morrow in a ^business transaction, would he be satis r ned to be told that Jim across the street spoke the dame . language, lind came from - the same ' country, and was therefore,a suitable partnerP The same arguments which were applied to every-day life in commercial pursuits could be put forward in regard to tnt wider and larger world of ¿»outjes. let them consider for a moment What They Gare Up if they entered into Federation with the other colonies. He had told them the form of government under which' they lived, and had pointed ou o that ¡V was the neople'B own fault if they did not get their wishes. Firstly, by fe- derating we surrender our Custonu; secondly« we give up the right tc con- struct railways wherever we nke; third- ly, we give up the right to encoiva^e and foster our local industries Dy . Bo- nuses; and, lastly, there iras a mott, important point, and one which hal m-i been touched upon yet by any orl- vr speaker, and that was, we gave ibo right to the Federal Parliament to im- posé what taxes they liked. (Applause . and a voice '"They have not got it yet, though.") It was said that they were heavily taxed in this colony. He ad- mitted that, but who could say that they would he less heavily taxed when the Federal Parliament took over their great undertakings? Who could say that it would not impose taxes not alone for their indebtedness, but in connec- tion with macy other matters incidental to the carrying on of Federation? That point, had been carefully avoided^ by those who supported the question of Fe- deration, and it would be his duty that nightf'to noint out the - Dangers and Pitfalls of the Biil in its persent form. Nb one would be more pleased than he to see a^ united Australia. (Hear, hear.) But* he wished to' see it based on justice, in order tbat their interests might he pro- tected. (Applause.) We surrender our Customs, and we were told that we should get back three-fourths. That was based npou a calculation of what the upkeep of the Federal Government would cost, but he ventured to say that, like the estimates occasionally made in . regard tol'the construction of their own public works, wheu they came to the carrying out of them, it was found that they had a -very large margin to coyer. ' There was no person in Western Aus- tralia who could deny that the con-, struetioö* of railways had done much for . the improvement of the' colony. (Hear, hear.) There were several parts oi the country yet to be opened up, and if they federated, who would guarantee to them that the Federal Parliament would con- struct the railways that were needed. (A voice: * Father O'Gorman.*? Laugh- ter.) The third point he would come to was, the faciltiating of industries by means of Bonuses. Those who a had come from thc* othor colonies, Victoria in particular, would understand how certain industries^ had been built, up in those places. (A voice : "By more Drains.!') Yes, more {trains with an absence, of wool, no doubt. (Laughter.).. The industries lu» meant ja^ei0f tirpiifcta*y.%rftïrtS7 .^ndërrï1eds^ tr«*ion «Western; Austraten dei: niM sLniiiaï-privileges. This colony fiad only : had the enjoyment of home rule for ~nine years. Only within a few years had it been able to foster its industries. Por about 40 years Victoria had had the ?benefits of. protection, and she had j utilised the bonus system to build up her ! ¡industries. She had firmly established xier-manufactures and industries during I those fostering 40 years, and yet Wes- tern Australia, who had been endeavour- j ing to find its industrial feet during a .brief nine years, was asked by the federalists to submit to tbe competition of the older colony. : ;;. What Would the Result Be ? \- H tomorrow we Vere to have inter- colonial frestrade, the. industrial wel- fare of this colony would be materially affected. Even the federalists admitted that.T Ttfrj;^Gardiner in his speach in Perth had admitted that half our indus- tries would süffer. Yet about the only practical benefit .tpo be received in ex- change "for £he, crippling of half our in- dustries, was to lie the removal of the food duties. He contended that if the . j federalists, could not offer anything bet ' ter. than, that as compensation for the crippling of halffthc colony's vouiig in- dustriesj»y the acceptance of federation, ! then tbe people ought to keep cut of it. (Applause,) Federation meant»tne tax- ation of loreign products-and* foreign products meant British products alsc so that the products of Australia might be farther rostered. But it would be i the Eastern colonies who would benefit I while intercolonial freetrade would mean j for Western Australia the destruction i bf 'her industries, the thinning of her I population, the stoppage of the cultiva- tion of her soil, the clogging of her fur I ther progress. In face of the serious loss which federation would entail upon the income of the colony. How. Was Revenue to be Got P : (A voice : '"Tax the land.") He was afraid that the gentleman who inter- jected did not understand what he was saying. Amongst other fresh sources of revenue an income tax had been, men- tioned. How many persons were there in the colony with incomes over £300 a year. Not many, he ventured to say. I An income tax would not jdeld more than I £40,000 a year. What, then, were we to fall back upon ? The federalists, as he had before remarked, said that federation would mean the abolition of the food duties. He took it that West Austra lians Vere a practica! peoole, and they would ask themselves what else they were to get. He would tell them a few of the things they would get, and he desired to particularly appeal to the ladies in this connection. We would have a dear wardrobe. (Laughter.) With substan- tial taxes upon foreign products, linen and dresses and hats, with the aocom Eanying feathers-(laughter) - would ecorae dearer. More would have to be paid for cutlery and ironmongery and such necessaries of life as sugar, tea, coffee, and kerosene. But the federalists tried-to reconcile-the people when thor contemplated these tbincrs by saying that tiie duties would be abolished upon cheese, butter, eggs-and ehaff, (Laughter.) He trusted that the people would carefully weigh the arguments that the federalists were niacins: before them before they became caught with the claptrap of "one flag-ono nation." He desired to say a few words on tue Constitutional Aspect of the Question. Í The Federal 'Parliament would con j sist pf two Houses. In the TJ«oer House there would be six representatives from each of the States whilst the I Lower House would hare a population représentation. What would that mean to small States like Tasmania and Wes 1 tern Australia ? They would be prac- tically at the mercy of the larger States. Fate of the Smaller States. li we had not a community of interests -and we had not at the present time he again asked .what would become of the smaller States ? . The answer he ven- tured to say, was plain to any reason- able man. One danger was present ^.to his mind. If federation came about, Fremantle and Perth might become de- nuded bf population; their ^eople might become lessened, so as to give the goldfields a majority of the population, and then the separation which had been so mach talked about and displayed as a danger, might come about. (Hear, ? hear, and dissent.) That was no idle j dream. If the question of an altera- tion of boundaries arose, it could be submitted to the people to be effect ed, and they -were told that on tue gola fields separation was really preferred tc federation, if the latter meant con- tinued union with the older^parts of the colony. If that was so, and Western Australia entered into the federal bond, j who was there to say that, with the hos j tile feeling prevalent on the goldfields, j the separation of those fields would not i occur within three years ? \ Shipping Laws. Í We would give to the Federal Farlia I mont the sole right to make our ship j ping laws. How might that affect Fie-' mantle? The mail steamers were to come ,there, against the wishes of the Eastern colonies. The Germans had berni coming for some tune, and the P. and O. and the Orient boats were to come. What was there to prevent the Federal Parliament from insisting that the P. and O. and the. Orient boats should register themselves at Freman- tle? That Parliament might declare that those steamers, if they made. Fre- mantle their first port of call in Aus- tralia, Bhould not take away passengers unless they registered themselves ot that Sort. The great English companies, e took it, would not register ait Fre- ! mantle. (A voice : "Hat is a good point;" .and» another*) -"No; they-; would never be -asked to register at every port they called in.'1) - What ! would follow P Hui steamers would j leave Fremantle, and so hack to Al- bany. ("Oh ( ont") He was sorry to i appear in the guise of a prophet of evil, j . but he.mnrt jpwfc «ni fay j-ptfidje wfcuh 1 he thought awaited the people oT^^ M ! mantle. Intercolonial freetrade wo***1 ^| mean the giving of jan advantage to .cquha nial products at the expensed foJtagfc products. (A voice : .Quite right, too/î>^ Vvell, there was another side to.th*' question. The bringing of the foreign products to our shores meant much trade in shipping. Federal freetrade, by shutting out the foreign articles^ would mean decreased shipping, because iie asked, would the oversea ships con- tinue to bring goods here which they could not sell t- How would Fremantle be affected then? Its trade would fall- off, and it might find itself with a deserted roadstead, j What, then, became of their shipping P« J He was very much afraid that they I would have left to them an empty road- stead. (Dissent.) He found, on a pe- rusal of the Act, and ou an examination of the arguments that were produ^d from time to time, that they v ouid iüve for a time certain cheap articles that he had,enumerated, ivbich would coi^e to cheapen their breakfast table. (m the other hand, they would have 01 aeñ : articles, which were as necessary, in- creased in value. "On the whoK? »Ley would have cheaper living, and then, lie asked, what would be the - Effect on the Working-M.tn ° (Hear, hear.) They should recdfait?' that Englisli mining machinery w ùid have a very heavy duty. The* jf »re, they would have on the fields an argii ínent in the mouth of the mine-owner that machinery was no longer pröcur- ; able as cheaply as it was, backed up by the assertion that the cost of living was now reduced. The mine-owner would not enter into a discussion as to by how much it was reduced. He would »¿y, " The cost of living has been reduced,' and what was the result? Mr. Mathe- son said that it would be reduced by 2s. per week. The mine-owner would u-i ii round and say, "I will put you on the same level as the miners in Victoria uud elsewhere, and reduce you £\ per week." (Hear, hear.) That was a niat- , ter for the wage-earner to consider. He was asked how Federation would affect the workers of Western Australia. He asked them to consider what he had al- ready said" as to how it would affect them if there were no boats coming-into the harbour. Was that not a point that struck them? Júet them suppose that the fanning industry was_ crippled, and the farmers in such a condition that they could no longer continue to em- ploy the hands they had'done; let them suppose they had the local factories (breweries, tor instance) closed down. (Dissent.) It would ~be a lamentable tact, no doubt, forjóme of Jus tríenos \--(laughter)-but they * must face the inevitable. If they had Victorian beer' imported at a rate at which the local breweries could not produce, with a duty on sugar and malt, the men employed in these industries would be thrown ott i the labour market. The result would be that there would be three applicants for ! employment where there was one man be- fore, and wages would necessarily be re- duced. (Applause.) Without follow- ing up a line of thought of that descrip- tion, it must be apparent to them all that if they wanted a billet and there were three applicants the lowest would , get it, otfaere matters being equal. He would like to briefly refer to one. clause - in the Federal Bill which he viewed with a deal of suspicion, and that was the in- troduction of a body, novel in the British Constitution, and that was The ïnter-STtates Commission. They had a section dealing with that, I with its powers undefined. It had sole I authority with regard to the railways i and with regard to all questions affect < ing it and affecting, other interests ; but as to what its powers were they were left completely in the dark. On that Inter- states Commission, and in their hands, _ rested all questions with regard to the ~. _. extension of their lines, of questions with regard to differential rates, and, in fact, all questions which materially - affected a community like Western Aus- > - tralia. (Applause.) The powers of that ' Commission were indefinite, and, having ? looked at that clause, hé now said that in the hands of that Inter - States Commission would really rest whether federation would be a boon or a curse in Western Australia if adopted. (Applause.) What chance had Western Australia of getting a nominee on that Commission with a population of 170,000 against 4,00^,000? They would be unrepresented, and in , the hands of that body, with powers which could be wielded for cood or ill. .{Hear, hear.) Where they had no com- munity of interests they would receive, he was very much afraid, scant justice at tibe hands of that body. (Applause.) He did not touch that night on parallel - cases, and he did not refer, save for a moment, to s -* ,, The Case of Ireland, which had been dragged into this dis- \, cussion; but thisonefact stood outpro minentiy^witb. regard to Ireland. He who ?« did most to promote the. Union, stated1 - in after years, when he had hived to re- v pent of his action, that no country had - v> increased so mutai in population and / ?* industry as Ireland during the 18 years ??.-.>; of her autonomy. (Applause.) Ireland - ~\ had enjoyed protection, but the union, with England destroyed that, protection, and her' .population dropped"* front - 8,000,000 to 4,000,000, and at the pre- ? sent moment Irish men and, women were leaving her. shores at the ¿Ate of 5,000 ? y per week. That was a fact they could ?. not get over. He would not dwell oa * it, hut would reserve his remarks in rd" ".*'» lation to Ireland and . England for a - -"V later occasion. There were losses wHfch. must be inflicted on the colony, and the - <£Ê benefits which they were, told would bf . derived had not been accurately or -J satisfactorily proved. * ^ Control nf Local Affairs. On the other hand, they gave -up the management of thea* own affairs. 'Waa '. ' it good enough in the tôtranutanees? . " (Voices : 'No?') Was it good enough, when they «ame to consider that the - very ill whinh-they «uppoaed would J* . Ktmfdied bg Federation, could be ien»e» 4*a4 p died foy titémselves if tiley were to lay their shoulders to Jhe. wheel P XAp plaOBe.) The step they were taking wflnld be irrevocable. They gave np the management of their own affairs to men ' who probably had never visited the colony-to those who were not in sym- pathy with them-and for what? They , gave this up for what they could carry in \ their own-local Legislature. (Applause.) He had done. He should have liked to . have dwelt a little longer, had he en 1 joyed similar patience at their hands; ' but he found that another gentleman, more thoroughly np in this question, and Ímore thoroughly imbued with the issues at stake, was to follow, and that gentle- man would bring forward many of the points which he (Mr. Moorhead) had omitted, which told against the pro- posed union. He could, however, as- sure them, on behalf of himself and of i those.^ho were working in the interests of anti-federation, that, should the i measure be carried, they would act as loyally as any of those who supported it. (Prolonged cheers.) SPEECH BY MB. MOBAH. I Mr. C. J. Moran, MX.A., who was re- ceived with applause, said he had listen [ ed with very great pleasure to his friend. Mr. Moorhead had been nurtured in the Trinity College University, the home of Henry Grattan, and if his opinions on I the question of home rule for Western \- Australia Were not worth hearing, then his (the speaker's) ' certainly were not, nor those of anyone else in the colony. (Applause.) He was only sorry that Mr. Moorhead was not in "stronger health. He remembered his friend a few years ago in tho bloom of his manhood and the full power of his strength, and he re- membered what power and chaim he had to control an audience. (Hear, hear.) ive (Mr. Moran) had no respect for those in the'audience who took advantage of the rather weak health of one who, if he had the strength of yore, would strew i them across the ' floor, (Laugh L ter and prolonged cheers.) Mr. Moran . . then passed on to say that the aspect of the federal question had changed dur- ing the last few weeks. The anti- federal- ists, judging by the speeches at the Perth Town Hall on the previous night, jad carried the war into the enemy's camp. Mr. Gardiner had been adver- tised to "reply to Mr. Moran." It was the other side which had called for the change. Wh*~ did they not put their case r They had no case to put, but sought to draw the "red herring" of Sentiment across the trail, but he in- tended to remove that "red herring." . (Laughter and apnlause.) The föderal leader had on the previous night made an attempt to wriggle out of an accusa- tion which he (MrT Moran) had made, by saying that his speech against the referendum at the Federal Convention '£ had reference only to a deadlock between . the two Houses. The speaker read the ' following extract from the "Hansard" ^ - report of the debate in question : - Mr. LEASE: Take, for instance, one f very serious as'pect of this ques- tion and it was suggested bv my hon. friend, Mr. Gordon. Let us : assume that the question of amending the Constitution arises. Perhaps it is taking an extreme view, but I shall suppose for the sake of argument, as ..I have a right, to do, that we have that objectionable person, the un- scrupulous politician in power. An hon. member - There are a (rood deal of them. _ Mr. LEAKE. Yes, I believe there are. His object is to have an amend , ment or the Constitution in some particular direction. It is forceo! onward by gentle stages. Per I haps the mam object he has in view has failed, but ultimately he gets this question of the amend- ment of the Constitution v- to the referendum stage. Then ^ everything is ' disclosed and we find out at the last moment what object he has in view. Then it is too late. The question will go to the people, and the T>eopie, without the proper medium of Parliament, will declare in favour ' of the alteration of the Constitu- tion and perhaps violate that for which we have battled and are battling, the maintenance of equal State rights. I A Voice . You didn't read it all. i Mr. Moran : I am sorry, Mr. Guil I foyle, bnt if I could speak it in good old Irish, I would tell you. Mr. Guilfoyle rose and made some inaudible remark. '' Mr. Moran. Oh, hold your tongue, if voa have to hold it with your foot. (Laughter.) Continuing, he said that i Mr. Leake only spoke once in Sydney on the point. Mr. Leake was not gen* nine in the matter, and if not in that, he would-say he was'not genuine in the \- whole movement, i A Voice.- Give us the other side. Mr. Meran said his friend that inter -"' iected could read the .part that suited him. He had read the part that suited* \- himself. The Voice : Game of bluff. Hr. Moran said that the federal party \- had pointed ont to them that Newfound I land had suffered by keeping out of federation . but they did not mention, > Î British Columbia and Prince Edward's i '" Islands, which tad not suffer British. *< Columbia was guaranteed a railway j costing £10,000,000, and was given con 'H trol or her customs until the railway was built. Prince Edward's Island re mained out until the Canadian people I guaranteed her debt, so that ehe might come in. There was a heavy debt in ; - Western Australia, and they had to pay it. If Mr. Gardiner said that the co hmy could borrow money cheaper through the Federal Government, ne did not know the Bill, for the Bill did fnpt guarantee the States' debts nor pay t, them. The colony would still have its I . debts, and no money to pay them. The Bal party bad changed their, tactics, info-federalists asked the federalists heir reasons why the colony ahould ' federation, and-they gave none. ¿when t-he anti-federalists showed: federation should not be accented, they -had the federalists jreplyuig tte the. arguments which showed that . she; federalists were on their defence. He would divide his remarks into thé follow- ing heads : (1) Western Australia, her physical position and features; (2) her critical position at the present moment, with regard to her finances ; (3) a house divided against itself must fall ; (4) some new light with regard^ to those who said : federate or separate; (6) a few ? more wprds on the mail steamer question: (6) the future policy for Western Australia. Physical Features. Dealing with the first head, he said that the colonies of Queensland, New South Wales and South Australia were physically bound «together. Thg river Murray welded them together, and "they were linked together by long'stretches of agricultural and pastoral-country; j?Tom Cape York to Melbourne nátúré had made that side of Australia one, and they would be criminal as well as South ? Australia, alongside of them, if they did Î not federate; because nature;had.destin-. í ed them to be united. Beside what na- ture had done, /history had completed. History made New South Wales a great colony 40 years ago. " Victoria" had he-' come great after 40 years' protection. South Australia was in.womanhood, and Queensland, who was'richest of all in her resources, was able to hold her own against the rest of Australia. There was, böwever^no river binding Western Aus- tralia with the Eastern colonies, nor any other, physical feature to unite her to them. Nature had placed a boundary between them, and history had done tho rest. Western Australia's history was only 10 years old. There was only one thing j which would bring them.together, and that was the same great civilising in- fluence that brought British Columbia, 3,000 miles from Ottawa, into the Cana- dian union, and that was the iron horse, which would make Western Australia and the Eastern colonies one in natue and in fact. At present .they were prac- tically only united by sea, and as fir a; that went, they might as well federate with Cape Colony. A voice: "Not taking any Boers." Mr. Moran : We have a bit too much of one here. Continuing, the speaker said that if part of the railway was built, or the Federal Government had sanctioned the railway, then when the Commonwealth had given an evi- dence of its bena-fides W£3c.s>rn Austra- lia would show her goodwill. Mr. Gardiner trotted out Newfoundland. From the whole of the federal unions in ' the world, he hauled up that miserable, wretched place as a horrible instance of what would happen if they did not se parate. . i A voice: "Bosh!" Mr. Moran: Does my friend know where Newfoundland is? The voice: "Yes." . Mr. Moran : Well, ifis not in Col- lingwood. (Laughter.) 'Continuing, he said they should lay the spook of Newfoundland for ever. It was a mi- serable, - wind-swept, poor, sandy little island that Federation could not made rich. Federation could not put gold into a country, for if the Lord made it poor the devil could not make it rich. (Applause.) He said that stopping out of federation would not prevent them getting good terms. None of the many States of the American confedera- tion who came in after the first union cot less representation or suffered any disability. Nature had placed them apart from the Eastern colonies, but at the same time she had endowed them with two great marketable industries. A voice : The meat ring. Mr. Moran : That's the ugliest meat ring I've seen for a lone time when you, opened your mouth." (Laughter.) Con- tinuing, he said £hat the great industries of Western Australia were Timber and Gold, but neither of them were what might be called permanent, because the store of timber and gold decreased as the indus- try progressed. He did not want to cry down the nelds, but he knew how un- certain was their prosperity. The value of one mine, the great Australia, had fallen in value recently hom £7,000,000 to £1.000,000, a loss of £6,000 000. What -would it cost their children ir they said they were connected by the one flag one .Jestiny cry ? Let them build up their Fruit and Agricultural Industries, otherwise they might be left in the positi- on that California was placed in when the gold boom burst there. For many a long year that country was deserted and left in its misery until a new and great asset was found in its rich fruit-producing slopes. History was there for them to read. He was not seeking to draw red herrings across the path. A wise pro- tective policy, not a prohibitive one, had been the secret ot the successful nations of the world. How was Eng- land faring under freetrader1. Was not Protectionist Germany cutting into' her very life blood? (A voice: "Bah!") They might well say "bah," but they knew it was a bitter truth. And who got the big steel con- tracts of every nation to-day? Was it net protectionist United States? And what did the great exponent of public opinion, the London "Times, say?" It had said that England must have a moderate protection system or she would lose the trade of her colonies. It was not her freetrade policy that had made New South Wales greatness. It was chiefly through her great woollen indus- try that she had achieved success, and which did not need protection to roster it. Edmund Barton, the federal cham- pion of Australia, had been a living ex- ponent of protection all his life« Vic- toria, which had, perhaps, been over-pro- tected, had the most commercial in- stincts of any colony in the Southern Hemisphere. Victoria was the life and _ soul of Australia. (Applause.) Coming back to our own colony, it must be borne in mind that the timber, like the gold, was a disappearing quantity. What was to become of the labour em- ployed in the' timber milla whan" the umber was cut ontP; tWere the people .íJ^tehfiáSP*"rÉ^gJ¿jSS^ offer, tÜftt, labour a- cblahee -jto rettie ion' fche ícitüé' hillsides-andy; in-i <tfce? smiling yaUeys, or" werè they -going to: accept the condition of things -which would-mean that when the gold and the timber were gone the EeopTe-who dug and hewed must go too P >fü they want to see their Colcmy Desolated, or did they want to see it like New Zea- land, which, thanks to the settlement of its people on the land, was one of the most self-contained and self- supporting countries in the world. The Eastern colonies did not want New Zealand in the Federation, because she was a pro- ducer, and would cut into them. "Give us Western Australia" instead, they cried; '? The reason was, that this colony would'rbë a consumer, and the others would be able to dump their manufac- turés and products into her. He urged that yet a little while-Western Austra- lia should keep up her gates, so that the flood of products of the other colonies should not pour in here in. ' -' Overwhelming force, and sweep clean"'away our poor little in- dustries. The colony had already bor rowed, £13,000,000, and was committed to an expenditure which they could not get but of. The Coolgardie water écheme when completed would add an- other £2,000,000 to the present indeb- tedness of £80 per head. Would Fe- deration help them over the trouble they were in? The Federal Parliament, would not pay it. If they did guaran- tee the debt of Western Australia the screw would be turned on from ' the Eastern colonies instead of from Lon- don. The people of Western Australia knew who out of these parties had treat- ed them best. (Applause.) 'Mr.-Moran then dealt at length with the Probable Losses and Gains under federation in relation to customs duties, his arguments being directed to the< demonstration of the advantages of protection. He said that a point which had been overlooked by,the people of the goldfields was that tljé public debt was a joint and several bond, and it had to be paid. If the producing and fanning interests were crippled, the goldfields would deprive themselves of the means of lightening the common burden by dis- tributing it over a' greater number of people. He now came to the "ghost" that had frightened Sir John Forrest. (Laughter and applause.) He referred to the question of Defence. The federalists did not talk defence very much. Mr. Gardiner, in trying to get over it, said of course England would defend them. If they wished to loaf u-pn England they could, but he said if he had to loaf he would like to j loaf on something, and not on such a weakness as the Commonwealth. In dealing .with j The Referendum. Mr. Leake had said in the Legislative Assembly that if federation was only carried by a few votes he would hesitate before asking Parliament to endorse it. But what did Mr. Leake, who had such a brilliant past before him, and such a splendid future, which he had left be- hind him-(laughter and applause)-say at the Boulder? A Voice : What do you mean by the past he has got before him? Mr. Moran : Tou go to the looking glass to-morrow morning, and you will see the past you have got before you. lt is well stamped there. (Laughter.) Continuing, he said that Mr. Leake went to the Boulder. A voice : Where you are afraid to po. (Laughter.) Mr. Moran said Mr. Leake went to the Boulder, and was satisfied therefore to'have the Bill carried by any ma- jority. It was like the conversion of thé inebriate to temperance. "Dad's square for a day or two, but lor" blime, after that 1" (Laughter.) He then dealt with the statement that the goldfields would separate if federation were defeated, but he said that Dr. Ellis told him that the separation movement was only to secure the referendum, and that having been achieved he was a loyal West Aus- tralian again. Referring to the question of.the Mail Steamers. heNsaid that the only argument which Mr. Illingworth could find in favour of federation was that if Western Austra- lia did not federate the mail steamers would not call. This "spook" of the Pre- mier had been laid in its grave with the rest. (Laughter.) After condemning: the sliding scale of duties, Mr. Moran said here was the doctrine of the nonentities who headed- the federal movement in Western Australia to-day. . " Every- man Jack of them," and " Jack " as well as the rest-(laughter)-was a candi- date for the Federal Parliament. Near- ly all were lawyers ; they, hoped to get a practice at the Federal Courts. Mr. Leake had announced himself at the Boulder as a candidate. He had said he was too " stiff " to work in Western Australia, but he was not too "stiff" to go to Victoria. (Laughter.) Mr.^ Harney was a federal candidate. Mr. Wilson had* already announced himself, and the "lion and the lamb" went round Bunbury to- gether. (Laughter.) He (Mr. Moran) would not sacrifice the colony against his better judgment. (Hear, hear.) Like Henry Grattan, they should stand by their last plank of independence, and not part with it until thy got justice done. Re- fusal to join now* did not mean keeping out for ever. Western Australia was necessary to- the fede^tion, but the fe- deration was not necessary to it. He had faith in the honesty of the people from the ol ber colonies who were resi- dents* of Western Australia, and was sure they wotld loyally do their duty. (Applause.) In conclusion, the speaker said that on a future occasion he would deal with the question of the "introspect of the future, remarking that he had a definite platform for the futurs of the colony. (Cheers.) On the motion of Mr. Higham,M.L.A., seconded by Mr. Solomon, M.L.A.. a vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Moorhead and Mr. Moran for their ad- dresses. Thè compliment was suitably -ataste** " ~' Á vote of thanks to the chairman, mov- ed by Mr. Doherty, M.L.A., and second- ed by Mr. Moran, was carried by accla- mation, and the meeting terminated. 