A Goldiields' Allegory. (''Balaam's ass -waxed wroth and kicked." — Approximate Scripture.) You havo observed, in ancient times and hoarv. It was in vogue with writers for the press, To weave poetic films around their story (To. clothe no doubt 'he banding's nakedness). Aud dub the precious screed an "allegory." Bat notwithstanding that, and none the less, I take my stand upon divine assurance. That wrong may reach beyond a mule endurance. And thus it was — for centuries unnum bered A laud reposed where western oceans run (Or rather one should ear, "profoundly slumbered") — - A mon -irons turtle basking iti the sun. And weak-kneed men, by arti of life un ci: inhered, . Cried "Thus, indeed, the wtb of life is spun : To eat, fulfils ihe. end of nrn'a creation, And dreamless sleep" — a human vegeca- ti)ii. But mi 1st them dwelt a giant, less ccm- plaisau!", Vh'j scorn:-. J to lie 'n apathy's embrace, Or waste iu sloth the hours a summer day sent, But jealous watched the welfare of! hi.! race : And spying o'er the "Soldi" thai lay ad jacent (His very neiglit gave vi-noa ciearer space) He(mw within the eastern-bound horizon As sleek a mule as ever man clapfc eyes on. Tlic-n quick with cunning bauds the bonds he twisted A thong of avarice and on:; of hate. And many strands c£ ignorance c msistcd ("Twas thin the staple pro tact of the state), And whips or power with treachery en listed, To i;.nd the captive at the gropcrs' gite. But such is luck that gilds a clod's am bition— They sought a mule — and tethered a magician. For o'er the land that idly lay 3 -sleeping. The breath of Action en the breeze was borne, Aud from the east, a thorn-. n;l lights upleaping Proclaimed the breaking of a brighter - morn That shone o'er fields where frowsy men were reaping A rich reward in sheaves of golden corn ; And smiled, to know, the band of f ol or Fakir Had sowu their crop o'er many a barren acre. Then round there came an army of beholders — The kiug himself and all bis motley To pi ice their burdens on ths'dradgAs shoulders (They ted the animal on kicks and chaff), And d>.om-.:u themselves indeed a nation's moulder?, Y»Tho t hus paid homage to the golden eai f. But schemes, like boats, oft bump the rocks of !-e\J!\ When braggarts row and bigots hold the tiller. And all the world (that is, approximately). Amazed, looked on with wonder- widened eyes. To see the grandeur of a city ftaiely Upon the ?>hcs of a b.sm'ec- rise, "While pride-blind pigmies (clad- m" loin cloths lately) Now swelled like frogs to an enormous size ; And cursed the power, with- crude, fan tastic curses, That built tucir palaces, and filled their purses. - .And loud < hey cried, " We are this land's dictators, And give tl.e law to all who piss our gate"— s (They were, in trulh, no veiy small potatoes, Though somewhat hidebound and illiterate) ; "And nought it boots, who are the chief creators, Your back 3hall bear the burd;ns of UlY/ McllVj Or share the load with kindred clowns and scoffer?,. Whose toil shall fill our chosen people's coffers." But like a Hush this Turing day- illusion Was blown to blazes like the chaff of . wheatj For lying in magnificent confusion The load lay scattered at the groper's feet — v And tribal chief?, who'd plotted in collu sion, And smaller fry, who'd dabbled in deceit, Drew near to view, with grievous lamen tation, This diro disaster to their budding nation. And even as lley wept a clcud por- ' ttntous Arose and darkened all ihe face of day— (Some presage of the kmd is mostly sent U3 Whene'er a miracle is nnd- r way, Or something more than usually momen tous). For, Io, the mule had wilted like a fay, Or like the ghosts in " Shan-na-pibs' " theology, And hadn't left ihe ghost of. an apology. But from the mist, a stalwart clay-stained fie ure Materialising, filled tho vacant space Y/iih sturdy intellect and manly vigor Stamped cu his frame, and written in his fa-.e. Iu fact, he was an ordinary digger From " tjhase tho Fenny weight" or some such place : 1 And taking up his st i nd, erect and stately, He spat upon his hands deliberately. And glowing warm with lior.cst indig nation. lie pr.eloa off bis apparel to the buff ; But at this A ago of w-.rlike demoiisiva' ten They, panic-strickcn, cried " Eucugh ! enough I We car, no. Wait for any explanation. We've played our game too long — the game of " bluff " — And taking up their loads iu deep dejection, Each struck the footpad for his free QbtvvtlvUi Broad Arrow. Jack Dunn. A trip round the world for 5s. by securing a ticket in J. Charles' Melbourne Cup sweeps. First prizes, £10,000 and £20,000.; 