C OMPLE TB STORY. PUBU2HED BY SPECIAL JLBBAXfZMEST. RED ROSES: A MYSTERY, « Br Jj. T. MEADE, Author cf u The Yellow Drawing Room." "The Mtidiutnc Lady," "The Siren," •*'Tho Wcoing of Monica," "Dr. Ramsey's Patient," &c.f; &c.; JIE house was very tall and nar row and thin, and it faced the sea. it stood on the top of a hill, and there was a Ions* ?ran!en at the back and a big courtyard in front. It was a slim house, with as little body as possible. The sun, however, shone in at all the windows, arid in every direction, from every point of view might be seen the spark ling b!uc waves and the low hills at the other side of the Bay, and the fish ing smacks and pleasure boats sailing on the bosom of the water. Tho view was all'that was picturesque, and the house itself, notwithstanding that the winds howled through it in winter, ami the sun seemed to scorch it in summer, was a favourite residence. It was never long empty, but there was one curious thing about it. The tenants who came went away as a rule at the end of the tirst year. They made no complaint whatever, they never said that they found the place un j comfortable or that the iDoaning(,of the wind hept them awake, but nevertheless thev gave notice to their landlord, packed bag and baggage, and made off. One of the chief characteristics of the place was the profusion of red roses which climbed up the walls of the old gray house and bloomed in the garden—red ro-:es of every shade and variety, blossoming abun dantly and shedding their petals Si over the giound. Some of them grew in clus ters, seme singly—some were of a deep crimson, some were of a paler shade, but all ot them had damask hearts and the sweetest perfume, and seemed to betoken lavi.di plenty and happiness and goodwill. Nevertheless, there was a legend about the old house which referred to the fact that there was a certain mystery about these roses, that they had been, planted by one whose lot had not been happy, and whose death had been dark and terrible. There was a room in the house with a stain on the lloor which no amount of scrubbing and soap and soda could remove. It seemed to be indented into the very boards, and this room was not a restful chamber, and only those whose nerves were of the strongest cared to sleep in it. Putting nil these circumstances together, ' tho Iionse was let at a low rent, and when on a certain summer's day I came to Alvcr stoke to look round me for a cheap and cheerful habitation, I was much taken with the slender house and its graceful surround ings I inquired of the landlord, who told | me that I could have it for the moderate I sum of £30 a year. There were plenty of rooms, good-sized ones too, the air was of the freshest and sweetest, the roses were in perfection, and I closed with the matter immediately. Jit a month's time I arrived on the scene with my sister, a, little older than myself, and a great invalid. Our furniture had gone on i before n<, and soon we were comfortably j settled in the tali house on the top of the; hill. Wc knew a few friends in the place, who called on as and expressed surprise at our settling down iu their midst. " Though why, Miss Lovcll, yon should have come to this especial house bailies me,1* said Mrs. Hornibfooke, a buxom iady of about thirty years of age. ; "And why r.oi this houseV* said my sis ter. Sho came forward to a chair close ; to Mts. Hoinibrooke, and Icokcd up into her iuce. My sister Josephine had a thin face, pale, big biue eyes, and iight-biowu hair. She had the somewhat worn appearance of a per son in bad health, hut there was a look of such diguity about her, her manners were so gentle, her voice so sweet, that most people feli in love with her on the spot. As for me, my name was Patricia, and I was round and baxom and rosy, and pro fessed to laugh at nerves, and, as to ghosts, I did not believe In them. Well, Mrs. Horuibrooke now looked mys terious, and nodded her head, and said " Notwithstanding all those red roses in tho garden and the sunshine and the big rooms, I would rather have a little house, with no garden at al!t in the town." "Wliv*" asked Josephine. "Because, my dear, I value my quiet nights," was her ambiguous reply. Another visitor who happened to be pre sent gave her a warning look, and she did not say anything more. Josephine glanced at me. I shook my head emphatically.. ' Now you want to toll us that the place is haunted," I said, "and neither Josephine ^ nor I believe in the very least in ghosts." "Ah, well, dear, ah, well," said Mrs. Homibrooke, iu a still more ambiguous manner. "Nonsense, Mary; the girls have come now, and must make the best of things," said a Miss Johnson, who was also one oi our guests. "For my part, I think it is very courageous of the Lovells to come here, and they may break down the super stition AU 1 can say is this, Miss Lovoll: I hope you won't go at the end of the first year." "Why should we?" answered Josephine; "we have come to live here nil our days." " Pool' soul, poor soul," said Mrs. Jionii brooke. "Well, there are plenty of houses to be bad in Aherstoke, and it is a pretty little place, and healthy too. You'ii enjoy the spring here both of you with all the fishing. The mackerci fishing is one of the features of the place, and it is a sight worth seeing when the nets are drawn up." She turned the conversation, tea wo* brought in; the ladies had a cup each, and went their way. When they were gone Josephine and I sab by the open windows of the drawing room. The scent of the roses came in; they were in perfection at that moment. " What a pity that they shed their petals so fast," I said. "I hate waste of any sort. I tell you what it is, Josephine, we'll make some pot-pourri. I have goG an old-fashioned recipe of my graud mothcr's. I'll collect the rose petals im mediately, aud that shall be your employ ment." Josephine sat quite listless and still as 1" spoke. She often got inio that state of mind, and I wondered what she was tEiiik intf about. "I would ialher not," she said then, very slowly. "Put why, dear; you are so fond of roses." "So fond of them that I have come hero against my better judgment," she answered, i "Now what do you mean by that?" " I had a dream the night before 1 came, one of those three times repeated dreams which make such an impression. In each of thoso dreams I was haunted by a man who said the one sentence—4 Don't go to the house with the red roses.* He was an ordinary-looking person of middle age, with a freckled face and a cruel sneer about his mouth. He did not belong to a past gene ration. He was dressed as any other man woald be in the present day, but he warned inc most emphatically, and I am sorry cow that I did not listen to him.'* " Oh, nonsense," I answered, " anybody woald have a dream of that sort, and you remember, Josephine, we were so excited at gettiug the house so cheap. Well, for inv part I am charmed with it, and I don'c menu to leave it at the cad of a year, what ever Mrs. Horr.ibrookc and Miss .Johnson may sav." "As we areh?re, wc will stay," remarked - Josephine. "I would not leave on any con : sideration," she continued. "I am im mensely interested." "In the house, dear, and the garden?" | "In more than that," she replied very : softly. " Now, Josephine, what do yon mean?" " What I say, Patricia." Then she looked me full iu the face. " Have you slept well since you came here?' she asked. " Admirably," I replied. " I have been | tired with the unpacking, and have s'epi I like a top. And you, dear, your nights | have been good, have they not?" i " Fairly good,** she answered, " but I am i very mucdi interested. I cannot say any I more at present. Don't question me, Fat." i Pat was her mime for me when she wanted to subdue me altogether. I rushed away, brought in a cup of strong beef-lea, and made her drink it. "I declare," I said, "you must have heard some of the neighbours* muttering??. The house is not haunted, there is nothiug whatever the mutter with it, and I menu to cover the dinner table with red rosts to-night." So I did, and Josephine was just like her old self, very sweet and gentle and not at all depressed, and I rejoiced more than ever at our bargain and at the iorely home we had secured for ourselves The next day 1 made arrangements with a boatman to take ns out every evening on the wa:cr. and Josephine enjoyed her life more than ever, and more and more people came to call on us, anJ we settled down quite snugly in I lie beautiful little place, and I forgot the warning that the ladies had given me, and the mysterious way they had talked about the red roses. Summer passed away and winter came. (Tho roses had all ceased to flower. In fctcad of flowers however they had put oft scarlet berries and still they made a show of colour hi the garden. I used to lake •great hunches of berries now to decorate 'the table with, and friends came to stay •with us, very glad of the change and of tho mild air of the South of Euglaud, I never felt so well in my life, but there was something about my sister which did iiot quite please me. It was not that she complained, not in the very least, but she did hot look well, her face got thinner and •thinner, and her eyes larger and larger, and she walked more feebly, ami sat oftener and offerer by the window which looked into the garden without speaking. "Does this place agree with you, Joseph ine?" 1 said on a certain Xovcmber morn ing. " Oh yes, dear," >Lc replied. <s Why do you ask':" " Only von don't look well." "I aiu never strong, you know, Patricia, fl am as well here as anywhere." "Would you like to go away for a Lange? ^ Perhaps three or four weeks in land would do you good':" I queried. uitc well," she replied. "I am quite would not leave for anything.' "And are you still interested?" T said. X beut forward as T :-poke and took one of her hands. She was only twenty-four years of age, and I was only twenty-two. .Wo were young still, with all our youth In its, and in all the world I loved Josephine best. I had never Lad any lover, no love affair had in auy way erossed my path, and I did not think I wanted one. My • bister was nll-sutfk'h-iU to me, and now, as •I looked at her pale, pale face and noled her hand, which was.thinner than it ought! to be, X asked her again, almost passion ately : "Arc von still interested?" ".Very much so; immensely." the an swered. "And do you still have had nights?" " Xofr biftl nights: but I don't sleep; at Uenst, I sleep very little,'' she answered. I looked out of the window, the sky was leaden, and the sea was no longer blue, it was gray and angry with white horses, many of them riding on its surface. The •pleasuro boats had been all put away for tho season, and the inhabitants of Alver stoko had settled down, to their winter avocations. "After all, it is a dull little place," I caid, '* when the sun leaves tho water and the blue leaves the sky, and the roses cease 'to bloom; it is not worth burying cue's self here. Shall wc go to Italy, shall wc spend the winter abroad? I want you to get away from that which interests you and which you won't talk about," I said to my sister. " Oh, it is all light," she replied: " I wouldn't; leave for the world 1 —' 1 tensely Interested." That night the wind rose and rose. It roared in the cliimney pots and through the long passages, and cried to us as if it had voice, and I thought I began to understand quite an ordinary and rational reason why the people who came to the tall, thin house did not carc to stay there rcry long. It was only a summer resi dence : it was not fit for the gales and storms of winter. I "went- to my window and looked out. 'Josephine slept on the drawing-room floor, tfhe had the best bedroom in the house. It wcut as a matter of course that she bhould have this, for she had always beeu so frail and delicate. My bedroom was «u the top floor. It- had & dressing room opening into it, but there was no other entrance to the dressing room but through mv bedroom. When I entered the room at night I as a rule locked tho outer door. Josephine used to lock her door too. It was a habit, perhaps not a very safe one, which wc had accustomed ourselves to. Wc «»nly kept one servant, a very good one, and she slept in a room in a little wing off the main jKirt of the house. Thus Josephine had the drawing- room floor to herself, and J had the tipper floor to myself. It turned cold, too, that night, very cold, pud Josephiuc asked for a fire in her room. ♦She never eared that I should come into her room—I mean since we moved into the house with the red roses. When I went to my room the wind had tlighllv abated, the fire was laid in-he grate.* I .felt for the first time since \ entered this house a queer numb, mysterious sensation stealiug over me. I did not- like it. 1 said to myself, "My nerves a giving way: the house of course is : light, but it is the look on Josephine's fui iSiie is fascinated br this queer house. I wish with all my heart we had never come," In order to dissipate my nervousness I set a match to the fire, which soon blazed *up merrily. There is no such companion for driving away depression as a bright fire. I sat aver it, and presently, in order to heighten the effect, blew out my candles Hnd allowed the pretty room to be lit by the flicker of the firelight alone. The wind, which had calmed down for a little, now rose vriih redoubled fury. It shrieked and sighed round the slender house, and il seemed to me that the house itself shook with the fury of the gale. The little clock on the mantelpiece ticked j sway the minutes. I looked up and saw that it was between eleven and twelve o'clock. "Oh, come," I said to myself, "I must 1 get into bod, I shall be good for nothing to-morrow, and I want to do a great deal." I had started gardening and the care of poultry on a sumd scale, and wanted to get up early the following morning to see after my pels. I took off my dress and hung it up in the wardrobe. X put on a warm flannel dressing gown, and sat down again by the fire. liaising my hand, I took down my thick, dark hair, and hegan slowly to brush it preparatory to getting into bed. As I did so I heard distinctly and very quietly in my ear the following words: 44 Patricia, X want you at once." I turned round. "Why, what in the world is the mailer, Josephine, and how did you get into the room? The door is locked," I cried. My heart beat fast. Josephine was not in the room, there was no one there, and yet- I had hoard the words, "Patricia, I want you at once." I must have dreamt them, of course I had dreamt them. J walked as far as the dcor, unlocked it, and looked down into the dark passages. I could just see a shadow of the hall window and the shadow of the stairs as they went down and down towards the drawing-room landing where Josephine slept. There was not a sound of any sort. I relocked the door, and went back again to my place by the fire. "I am getting nervous," X said to my nyself, "I understand now why people could not stand more than n year in the house. Of course, Josephine did not speak to mc." This thought had scarcely passed through my mind before I again heard the quietly spoken and yet intensely earnest words, " I'atricia, X want you at once." "Ok! what is wrong?" I cried, stood, up and clasped my hauds. " What is wrong with Josephine?" Iu my anxiety about her I almost forgot my own nervous doubles. I flew across the room, unlocked tko door, and rushed down stairs. I had got about half-way when I saw Josephine coming up to meet me. Her face was white, whiter than any living face that X had ever seen. Her eyes were wide open and staring; aho clasped my hand. " What is it, what ia it?" I said; 44 what is the matter, Josie? Tell me, tell me." "What is the matter with you?" was her reply; 44you called me just now." " I did not," X auswered. " You did—you came iuto iuy room—at least your voice came, for the door was locked] You said, ' Josephine, I want you at once/" " No, wn it was you said thai," I re plied. " You came to my room though the door was locked, and you said, 4 l>atri cia, I want you at once.'*" " Then we "were both called," said Jose phine. She staggered back against the wall, her hands were locked tightly to gether. "This is veiy awful!" she said. "Oh, never mind, darling," I said, "it must hare been fancy on both our parts." "Fancy!" she said with a shudder; "no, Fatricia, -it was no fancy. You heard the voice, you cannot deny it." "I certainly did. We were both called, but not by oue another. Who wants us, Josephine?" *' (Jod only knows/' replied Josephine. 44 Wc must get out of this house," 1 said, "it is too awful." " Ko, we cannot leave," she replied. She turned to go back to her room. " Josephine, I must sleep with you to night; you cannot be alone." "I cannot have you." she said. "I must sleep by myself. *It docs not matter, it is only a continuation of what I have long endured, of what " 44 Of what interests yon ?" I said. 44 Jose phine, you must not' sleep alone in that room." 441 shall not be alone," she said. The expression on her face was quite awful. She closed the door very quietly, and 1 heard the key turn in the lock. For a moment I had a wild desire to batter that door iu, but restrained myself. What was the matter with my sislcr^ Was sho losing her senses? But, 0 God in hearen, who had called us? Who wanted mc at once? Who was the awful being who also wanted Josephine at once? What j was wrong? what was wrong? ! It is little to say that I did not sleep that i niglit. I crept back to my room, got into! bed, and lay there trembling. Ko one re-! peated the call, nbtbing happened to dis-1 lurb inc. The storm went down in the night. In the morning the sun was shiuing brightly. It was a summer's day in the mid-it of winter. I got up; I felt old, as if quite foil years, had gone over my head. I got into my c'.othes, and went languidly downstairs. The sunshine and the look of "the waves out side, and the garden with some late autumn flowers still in full bloom, afforded me little or no comfort. The house was haunt ed, we must leave it immediately. I de termined to take Josephine away by main force. X in my rude physical health was surely strong enough to effect this removal. She seldom got up to breakfast, and I did not expect to Anil her in the breakfast room that morning. But she was there, neatly dressed as usual, with just her old dignity about her. She was standing by the table. She turned as soon as ever I came in. I began to speak, but she held up her hand. "Wc will not mention it," she said, "I would rather not. We must drop a cur iam between last niglit and to-day." " But I cannot, I must speak of it/' I said. 4'Xo," was her answer, "you must not. But. I'atiicia, I mut to talk of something else." '■ Wktik dear? Oil, darling, lion- ill you look! \Vliat do you want to talk of?" n I wish to inoVe into another bedroom. " Ah," I said, " that is a good sign; but where? Could not you sleep in the dress ing room inside uiv room?" 1 continued, as a sudden idea came to me, " we should both be close together then ready to defy— 44 Hush!" said Josephine, 44 not- that room I want to go into the room with the statu on the floor." "Oh, hut that room really is haunted. No one will use'it. You must not sleep there, Josephine." "I wish to, I must," she answered. It was in vain for me to argue with her. From being an easily-led and in many ways an undecided person she was now like the finest- steel. Nothing would move her— she might bend a little under intense per suasion, but she always sprang- back again to the same position. What she wished to do had to be done, and she had her pretty bedroom exchanged for a hideous apart ment looking out on to the courtyard, a damp, dark, ill-favoured room, with that mysterious red stain on the floor. I my self rushed away when I saw the ugly stain and brought in a rug to cover it> but when I went back again an hour later Josephine had moved the rug, and the stain showed out a dull reddish-brown ou the white boards. "The stain which no one could ever get out," I murmured to myself. Josephine bustled about putting the room into order, and that night went to bed without a trace of apparent nervousness in her manner. I also went to bed, and nothiug at nil happened, but in the morning the look on my sister's face was terrible to see, and each morning now, as I watched her, her face changed for the worse, until from being a young girl, delicate it is true, but with all the fragile beauty of youth, now she began to age and age, until from four- and-twenty she got to four-and-thirtv and even four-and-fortv, and even older yet did sho look, and her light, soft hair be came flecked with gray, aud her eves grew larger and larger in her thin, thin lace. When I felt her hand, too, it was very hot. I' bore this for a mouth or two, and then I could bear it no longer. In sjute of her self I was determined to take her out of that rocm. One evening late she went up there for a few minutes. I followed her—to my re lief she had neglected to lock the door. 1 burst it open and went in. "You must come away," I said, "you must- not sleep here another night." She laughed in quite a strong way. 44 You would have to drag me," she said, " with iron chains; I shall not leave of my own free with I am discovering things." "What?" I asked. 44 The mystery of the lied Hoses," sho replied. Josephine aud I were not rich, but at the same time we had enough money for our wants. We had been icft our small fortunes in a rather curious'way. To each of us had been given £6000, over the in terest of which wc had absolute control during our lives, but we could not leave tho inonev to anybody eLse at our deaths unless indeed we were married and had children. If either of us died unmarried the money would go to a distant cousin, whom we | had never seen. I mention this fact because it has direct bearing upon what is left of my story. I ought also to add that wc had never seen our cousin, who lived, we sup posed, in America, and was a man of un scrupulous character, not at all an acquaint ance to bo desired. During the days that immediately fol lowed my thoughts turned in a very queer way to this cousin, for it came over me that he would soon receive Josephine's por tion, for surely Josephine was not long for this world. Day after day her spirit shone inoro transparently through the thin veil of the flesh. Day after day the soul in her eves came nearer to the surface, until at last as I looked at her I almost fancied I saw the wings growing, and that the ethereal presence would not bo much longer by my side. Christmas came aud went, the snow lay hcaw on the ground, and the final tragedy drew on apace. One day our servant entered the drawing room where Josephine and I were sitting. Josephine, as usual, was in the window where she could see the garden. The girl brought in a large white paper parcel. 44 A boy brought it," she said, "and there is no message. It is for you, miss." She handed the parcel to my sister. Josephine opened it. As she did so there tumbled out a lot of red, red roses, perfectly fresh and fragrant. They were not done up in a bunch, but lay loose and apart one from the other. They fell all over my sister's lap, and some tumbled on to the floor by her side. Where did those roses come from? Not from anyone in Alvcrstokc; there were no red roses blooming even in conservatories at this time of year. 44What docs this mean?" I said. "Who could have sent those lovely roses?" As I spoke I looked at Josephine; her face was while as death. 44 Don't touch tiicm," she cried, as I went forward and prepared to fall on my knees to pick up several buds. 4* Oh, do let me smell one," I answered. I had not at first connected anything mys terious with the flowers, but when I looked at Josephine my heart stood still. She w«s so white 1 thought she was going to faint. " Xo, I am quite well," she answered to tlic expression on my face, "but I want to no to inv room. I will take tlie roses there.*1 She gathered thorn all up in the front of her skirt. * .. " But why not leave thetu here: .1 sani. "Can wc not both enjoy them? They are beauties." ' — "Enjov them? Enjoy them, Patricia! •was her" strange remark. There was a thrill of absolute fear in her words, bhc left the room, taking nil the roses with her. 8ho did not come down again to the drawing room duiing the rest of the day, and when the dinner hour approached I went to seek her. As usual, I found her door locked. " Oh, Josie, come down at once," X cncd. "Dinner is waiting. "I am not hungry, I could not cat, she answered from withiu. *' But vou must- eat, and you must conic down," I said. X began to fumble with the lock, making a loud noise. "Ton must come down, I insist, I re peated. When 1 said this I heard her cross the room. She unlocked the door and stood in the entrance. I pushed past her and went- in. She had laid the roses on her lily-white bed, not in any connected pattern, but one here and one there, a few encircled the pillow, a few again Lay at the foot of the bed. *' Oh, don't, Josephine," I cried with a gasp. "Take those roses off the bed at once. It looks just as if, as if—" "As if what?" she queried. " As if a dead person were lying there." "How strange of you to say that," re plied Josephine, smiling, "for there is a dead person lying ou the bed; don't you person lying see him?" " My dear sister, roil are mad," was my answer. "No. not mad," she answered; "only it is given to me to sec what is Bidden from you. These roses are for him; but my red roses will come soon, very soon, Pa tricia." She did not cry, but tears rose slowly to her eyes. There was nothing whatever to do but to humour her. Beyond doubt her mind was»affectO(L The hormt she had lived through since she came to this terrible houso had turned her brain. "I will fetch you some dinner if you won't come downstairs, and your fire must be lit immediately," was mv matter-of-fact remark. She did not make any answer. I re turned with the dinner on a tray and lit her fire myself. I kept my back on the red roses, however. I could not bear to look at- them. Well, the very next day a white paper i parcel, containing more red roses, arrived J for Josephine. Another messenger brought i the flowers. I ran out myself and ques tioned him, but he had nothing to tell nie. ■ " I don't know, and if I knew I wouldn't say," was his answer, and he turned away from my retaining band and flew down the court and down the street. Josephine received the flowers quite candy. She took them immediately up to her room, and neither that day, nor the next, nor the next, would she allow me to enter, although I begged aud implored of her to do so. Meanwhile her face grew more and more white, and thinner and thinner,'and her stops were very weak and uncertain, and the look in her eyes was that of a spirit shortly to be set five. At last there came a day when no red roses arrived. I saw that Josephine was waiting for them, but none cainc. That night, as she was preparing to go to her room, she came and kissed me. -She bad not kissed riic for a long time; it was just as if there were a wall between us. She kissed me now very, very solemnly. " You have always been the very kindest of sisters," she said, "and I love you very, very much; and when you come to die I will meet you and I will bring—c" " What?" I asked,* with a shudder. " Bed roses," she said. "Oh, don't! Oh, don't!" I murmured. "I shall hate red roses as long as I live." " I have something to tell you, Patricia; listen to me," remarked Josephine. I did not speak. I looked her full in tho eyes; she was slightly taller than L •She !aid her thin hand on my shoulder. " You need not be frightened," she said. "After all, there is nothing very terrible. I bare found out the mystery of the red roses. Once a man lived here, a poet. Ho had a great, warm, loving heart, and he planted the garden with red roses just as you sec them now, the very same plants. He planted them, he tended them, and lie loved them; and there was a girl whom he loved even better than the flowers, and he planted them for her. But she was faith less to him. She left him on the eve of her wedding and went away with another. The man. from grief and agony at his loss, com mitted suicide, and for this deed he was doomed. He was doomed to wander the earth until——" " Until what, Josephine? - Who told you this teirible, lugubrious:, unlikely tale?" " He told me," answered my sister, " and ho told me what his doom was. For the sin of hurrying to his Maker before his call came he was doomed to wander the earth until " "Yes, yoe," I said; "until what?" "Until another woman gave him her heart and was faithful to him. He had been long looking for such a woman, but when I(came here his search ended. To night he lies dead upstairs nr.d the red roses I received yesterday cover him. He is my budgeroom, Patricia. I shall lie by bU side to-night, and—but do not asfc ino any more." Slio left the room, I heard lier go up. stairs and lock the door of her dreadful bedroom I spent a night too fearful io| speak of,'and early in the morning \yent to " seek her. The door, as usual, was locked. I called: she did not answer. 1 shouted; , she did not reply. In terror I called our) servant and the door was broken open. We? both went in. Josephine was lying on her bed quite dead. There was a smile on her face and a look of great happiness in her half-open eyes. Red roses covered her, they weic everywhere, some lying on her breast, same clasped in her thin and cold hands); they filled the air with their exquisite per fume A part of the mystery of this strange1' story can never be explained. Did Jose-/ phine really see the spirit which haunted: the queer old house, or was she the subject of hallucinations ftoni an early date after* Iter arrival there? I must wait until 1 too enter the spirit world to answer these ques tions. llut something else was made plain/ only not until long years afterwards. At Josephine's death uiy cousin received his share of her money, and I left the tall" old house and went to livc'clscwhere. Yean and years went hy, my hair was gray, and. I had ceased to mourn so bitterly for the; sister, of my ynulh One day I received a message that <v dying man wanted to see me. I obeyed the call, for I could uot well refuse, and found myself face to face with the cousin who had: inherited Josephine's six thousand pounds. He then told me of the ghastly trick he had played, lleing determined to get the money/ and as soon as possible, he had followed us both to Alverstoke, had determined not to make himself known, had heard the story of the house, had watched Josephine, guess* ed that she would be easily influenced by anything connected with the unseen, and had made his plans. When it began to be known about the town that xny sister Jose phine saw spirits, tliaj she was called by an unknown voice, that she herself was grow-: ing thinner and thinner and more and more spiritucl, he brought his wicked scheme to; perfection. He sent for red roses to the South of France and sent.them to her day hy day The rases finished tiie work wh»Hr the haunted house had begun. Josepbuui' died, and our cousin inherited lier money. " But I have becu punished," he said in. conclusion, "for she haunts inc. I hare, seen her gentle face over and over again) since the day of her death, but now her! spirit will rest for I have repented of my; 