AOHOSTI.ME'r. By Rev. WILLIAM E. BARTON. Ghosts seem to lie popular just now; I hear their noiseless tread and feel their delightful literary shudder in b'ooks and sk>r2£s-'.7iafc--a few. But once I met a ghost, and he was less pleasant in life than in a book. It. was the second year of my teaching school in the mountains o£ Kentucky. I had -come to feel much at home, and had ridden far and wide in the hills. Horses were at my disposal, hut I broke a mule to .the saddle, and rode him through Cum berland Gap, into Virginia and back, a hundred miles and more. I came to pre fer a male-for long_rides over-die hills, but on shorter rides 1 more frequently rode a clay-bank pony. Early in L'hts second year.I formed'the 'habit of spending an evening each week with the teacher in an adjacent distinct, and'this gave me regularly a ride home of several miles in the dark. It was made at least a mile longer by the angle which the road made down to the ford. This extra mile I grudged most of all, and when the water was not .too high I took a short cut through1'the'woods, strik ing 'the creek a mile 'higher up. This way .was. by a mere bridle-path, which led through an old field arid along a ridge, and then through a half-mile of low-growing beech-trees, where one 'had to ride care fully to keep on his 'horse in the dark-and it was dark in'there. ; One night I heard some animal crashing through the underbrush ' above me, and keeping near me until I reached the creek. The next 'week I heard near at hand 'the pathetic, fearsome, half-human and half fiendish cry of a panther. And- so I toolc to carrying'a revolver with me, and for a time kept the main road. But a moonlight night brought me back to my short cu't again, and I kept it thence forth, even if once or twice the water was high enough to set my 'horse to swimming. But the longer road, I dare say, would sometimes have proved the shorter way home. At least, there was one 'time when it -would 'hive saved me a fright and a delay. There was only one 'house on the short cut road, if I may call it a road. It was the deserted cabin belonging to the old i fiefctej jafid .it etod jiot -far- from-the-high-; .way. A disagreeable story was toid about it, and uncomfortable things were alleged to have been seen there. These associated themselves not only with the house, which stood with gaping door and sunken roof and tumble - down stick chimney, but also with the dead sycamore-tree that stood in the fork of the path below the house. truth, the tree looked fearsome enough at night. It stood out so white and bare, so gallows-like, and so menacing, that it alone might well have been an object of fear. A ghost of a tree it was-rooted in its own grave, a bleak, white tombstone of a tree. 1 looked at it as I rode under it with a certain b;di'-expectation of see ing some alarming thing happen there. It came one chill, drizzly night. There were occasional angry spits of rain, with long - separated and far - distant glows of lightning. It was a shivering, creeping night, with a touch of something in the air that led one to anticipate trouble. I remember distinctly that my friend said to me as I left, "This is the very night to see a ghost." I think I really expected to see some thing that night. The shudder of it was in the bones of things in general, and I could feel it creeping into my own. And I never doubted that the place to see it was the dead sycamore-tree. Yet there was a certain fascination in the prospect which made me take the short cut. I did not want to see what was there, yet I could not bring myself to avoid it. So the tree came in sight, and at the view I started. There it stood, white against the background of the haunted house, but-I must be mistaken, yet I could not be-the trunk was unusually white to - night! I cast my eye along it. The 8 ft. at the bottom were so white that by comparison the tipper part looked dark. And just as I began to assure myself, against my conviction and the evidence of my senses, that it was only imagination, my horse gave a snort and made a quick turn with me. There was no doubt about it now. There was something there. I got my horse around to face the situa tion, and as calmly as I could, considering iny own feelings and those of the horse, inspected flie frightful object ahead. It was certainly a hideous thing. The figure was about eight feet high. It had white horns and a necldess head, that bobbed about in- a menacing way. It had arms which mnd'e threatening gestures, and it moved out into the path as I look ed and stood clear of the tree. I held my horse 'with my right hand, and passed my left through my hair to see if it stood erect. I took courage from the fact that it_ did not; although why it did not I. could not and cannot understand. ' I cer tainly felt the bristling sensation that made me want to pull down my hat. I do not b'ke to be thought a coward, yet I am not at all disposed to claim that I was unmoved by the object before me. If, I argued, that it was not a ghost, be cause it could not be, the answer was in dubitable that it was something, and if not a ghost, it answered the description of one. If it was not a ghost, it was ap parently something quite as formidable. Indeed, had I known that it was a ghost I might have almost felt relief. Still I held my horse with face to the front, and urged lfim on with my heels. The "hill rose abruptly on one side; a deep ravine was on the other. There was only the al ternative of going a'head or turning back, and I could not quite go back. So, -striking in my spurs, I dashed by the ghost, which made a Junge at us as we passed that caused my horse to shy dan gerously. On I rode a little way up the ridge, at first congratulating^myself' that I was safely by. Then-was it courage, or curiosity, or cowardice lest I seem to my self a coward?-I turned my unwilling horse and rode back again. The ghost was still there, and when I came somewhat near, renewed its hostile gesticulation and approach. 3Iy horse, which 'had barely got by wJhen hc-aded to ward home, would gosiro farther when fac ing away from hcrme. At length I dis mounted. and holding my bridle in my left hand and Tny riding-whip in tile right, ap preached the ghost. The ghost ceased to come toward me, and seeing me still com: ?ing on, began slowly to retreat, £till wav ing me back with 'his /lapping arms, and his broken-necked and bobbing head. I would have advanced more rapidly, now that it was retreating, Ir.ifc my ad vance was iinped'ed by the pulling back of my liorse. I may as well confess that while I 'had courage enough, at a pinch, to face the ghost, I had not enough to 'hitch the horse. The horse was my final resort for a retreat, and I still did not know what object I was facing, or into what sort of ambuscade he was backing. . I have heard that all men are cowards in the dark, and I partly believe it. Still I also believe that a man never really knows to wtat point his cowardice may be push ed back till he stands alone in the dark and face to face with peril. I gained' upon my ghost. At the last minute he gat tangled in his own ghosth ness imd sftumMed over a less? ghostly com panion, and I was upon him and punched the butt of my whip against the white. It yielded, and struck flesh behind; and the ghost shrank, frightened from the im pact. Then I seized the ghost firmly. He stopped, "but two skulking figures ran away, and the ghost 'turned and grappled with me. I was at a disadvantage with only one hand, but I gave him a wrench that even a ghost may not 'have found comfortable, and which elicited a cry of pain. It was the retreating footsteps of his companions, however, that most dis tressed him. As soon as he heard these ?he was as much afraid to be alone with me as I had been to hp iilnno irim him; and I took courage from his fear, and from his solidity as well. My ghost ivas not past feeling the pain of a wrenched elbow. I made another grab at him, and got him near the throat. He shook himself .loose, but I held the cloth, and he dis engaged himself from his ghostly trappings and ran. A moment later he fired his pistol, and then two other pistol shots came from his companions a little farther down the road. The danger was past. There was no chance of his hitting me while he ran, and his friends' sliots were from a safe dis tance. It was far too dark for anything like certain aim, and I had no real idea that the}" wanted to hit me. It was their warning that I was not to follow them farther. I had no thought of following them. I turned to inspect my capture. It was made of two sheets and some light poles. The two main sticks were crossed, and the upper 'part made the horns, while the lower part was either held by, or fastened to, the chief ghost. The head was a blown-up bladder, and I must say that its hideous bobbing between the 'horns was frightful out of all proportion to its real character. I guessed that the arms were worked by the two assistants, but of this I was not sure. Their presence may have been for the sake of their moral .support. I tried to take my prize home, but I could not get it near my horse. So' I threw it into the creek, remounted, shouted a somewhat boastful defiance to the ghost's friends, telling them, if I remem ber right, where they could find the gh'o^t, and that they ?would be found, ill the same place if 'they played ghost again, and rode off. A quarter of a mile ahead, as I followed the ridge, I saw another white object ap proaching me, moving to right and left as the path 'followed 'the curves of the ridge. I was angry by this time, and ready to fight. I had had enough of ghosts for one ni-glht, I said to myaelf; so I bore down up on 'him at full speed. He looked terrify ing, as I came -nearer, and was manifestly coming ait me along the ridge top. But my horse -did not shrink from him' as' from 'the former one. ; In.a:momenfc'<we were upon him, and he turned with a bellow and fled 'down .the ridgel It was a; .w'hi'te steer. At another time 'he would -not have startled xne at all, but after the experience at tihe sycamore tree.I was ready to isee a ghost in whatever looked white that night. Even so, I am certain many people, in their nervous excitement, invest harmless objects seen at night and under unusual ?circumstances .with all the attributes that make good ghost stories. This, however, did not explain the first ghost; but I did not have to wait long -to learn iJhe 'truth. I reflected that of I told no one albout it, and came to hear o'f it, the report that rea'ched me must needs come from the ghost or his 'friends. Sure enough, within a fortnight a young maiL-fiom the-other district said ±o me-"I licored that yau seed a gho&fc-down; -by Bill Trooper's hauitted dead 3y<zatiar&" "I take it .that you were the-ghost," said He stoutly denied th^«<22usuion,.>,"vn:d I mamon. And so it came out that he was .not 'the ghost himself, bait one o£ 'the lan dred .-imrirs that accompanied his ghost ship. He gave me the names of 'the others, ami I learned tthe animus of the gjhost. There was a young lady in the family where the teacher boarded, and a j'oung man who lived near who was fond of her, .thought my frequent visits to the teacher were addressed to his lady-love. He de vised this plan to discourage my visits, and had no difficulty in gettingJhis friends to as.-iist so worthy an enterprise. That is the whole story, except that he is married nmv to the girl whom he loved and still loves. I am glad of it; for I never had the ghost wf an idea oif proving his rival.-' "Boston Youths' Companion." 