BEHIND A VEIL. by mrs. c. n. williamson. CHAPTER XIII.— (Continued.) It was possible that, through the village priest, some rumor of controversy had reached tho men of Leux, for they wero alert and sullenly watch ful, showing little surprise and asking no ques- tions. A dozen peasants, young and old, braver than their fellows, followed the stolidly marching policemen to the lake shore (whero boats had al ready been engaged by a man. in advance of tho party), and, grouping together, whispered among themselves, casting scowling glances at tlio gen darmes, their leader, and the Englishman, whose face many of them, remembered. But they had collected 12 at most. Tho police were ot nearly twice their number, and appeared formidable ad versaries, with their short swords hanging at their sides, and the suggestive crowbars that somo of them carried. Tho peasants lacked a courageous leader, which every mob must have, aud save for sulky mutter- lugs, the boats, with their blue-clad pussengers, were allowed to go out unmolested. Tristram had no official connection with tlie search party, but the Chief of Police had been young not long ago; ho still loved a woman, and when ho learnt tho story of the Englishman's quest, he said, "You will want to ho with us. You shall come." They reached tlio Island, touching not under tho rocks where Tristram had moored ills boat ono dark night, hut at the landing-place used by tho priests and tho (tradesmen, and under the gaze of such indignant eyes as might be secretly peep ing out from high narrow windows. The band marched up to the convent gates, tho Chief knocked, and at the grille demanded ad mittance in the name ot the law. Through the grating tho angry eyes of tho veiled jiortress flashed defiance, but her lips sjioke civilly, us be fitted a nun, clolsterod in holiness. She would Inform tho Mother Superior of the demand that had been made. Then the veiled face vanished, and1 the men stood outside waiting. Ten minutes, twenty minutes went by, and just as tho half-hour was told by the hands of the chief's watch, eyes and voice returned. The Mother Superior considered the holy order to which she belonged, tho convent, and herself, severally insulted by this monstrous intrusion, and tho gates would not be opened. "This is her final answer?" inquired the chief. "Hor final answer," came 'the echo. "Tlion, unfortunately, it will he my duly to have the gates opened by force." '"Try it!" shrieked tho portress, forgetting in an Instant years of religious training, and flashing out 'tho joy in battle and excitement that mono tony had breil. The order was given, and the men with crow bars sprang to the gates. At the same Instant came a shower of bricks and cobble stones from over Die high wall, crashing on heads anil shoul ders. That half-hour had not been wasted by the saintly Amazons, and It was In tlie chief's mind that sho who had onco boon Princess lledwlg of Bortholm had not sent her defiance lo tlio arch bishop without preparing for emergencies. Evi dently they had built a barricade, which the nuns wero using now as a platform, or the sLones would have done loss damage as they fell. "Crowbars no uso, sir," shouted a gendarme, grinning under the hailstorm that peppered li la helmet — though blood trickled down his olieek. "They've filled up the crevices, so that it's Im- poseiblo to prize tho gates apart, and they've goL a solid barrier on the other side. Shall wo use the cartridge?" "Yos," said the chief, who had made himself ready, If more merciful means fulled, to employ weapons of war. "Glvo them warning that they'll bo hurt if they don't staud aside." "Out of tho way In there! We're going to blow your gates open!" yelled tho bleeding gendarme, fastening his blasting-cartridge to tlio door, and lighting the time fuso that would explode tlio small cbargo with which It was filled. Tho men ran down the rocks, tho shower ot bricks ceasing, and waited tor the explosion, which came with a rending of stout wood and a caving in of the great 6tones above tho shattered gates. Through tlie -breach dashed the gen darmes, swarming over the toppling barricade of strange objects, which must have taken days to collect and build. Driven to a dlstanco by the explosion, yet hold ing their ground before tho convent door, stood a baud ot white-robed women, armed with heavy metal candlesticks, small stones, and broken tiles. Their faces were veiled, and with their wasted figures, llialr claw-like hands drained of blood, yellow-wliite as wax, they wero like a troop of ghosts seen by daylight. One ot their number started a chant, as they crowded to protect tho door, hurling thoir strange missiles at tho men who might not defend themselves against women, tiicy sang as if at matins In the convent church. Tho gendarmes paused, irresolute, their leader's tact for an instant at fault. It would bo no plea sant task for twenty men to snutch these sixty frail, vindictive creatures from their post, and suffer the scratehings and bufferings which would ho their method of resistance, but it must he dono before file doorway could be cleared. The Chief of Polleo was about to give an order for attack, whon tile door was suddenly flung wide open, framing the gaunt flguro of the Mother Suporior, who rested a hand upon the, shoulder of a veiled novice. "Shame — shame upon you all, who call your selves men!" sho proclaimed, in her harsh mascu line voice. "You violate tho sacred seclusion of a band of women whoso vows have separated them from tlie world. You break into their sanctuary, you force them by your very presenco here to falsify their vows. You mako war upon them wllh violence, nnd drive them stop by step to tlio doors of tlie holy Itouso whoso privacy they would defend with their hlooil. Tlie hand ot Heaven will fall heavily upon you for tills crime." "Stones in tlio hands of these ladles have al ready fallen heavily upon us. madam," said tho Chief of Police, bowing. "We regret our duty, but It must lie done, and I beg that it may bo made 110 worso by further resistance.' "It Is out of our power to offer it,' the Supe rior answered, through her veil. "You liavo broken our gates; such weapons as it was per mitted us to use against you have been used 111 vain. Rather than submit to the destruction of our doors, tlie gift of an Emperor, who gavo our house the reverence such men us you refuse— I throw them open. Enter; carry tile bitter insult to the hitter end. Search the convent for tho body of the dead, who died forswearing tho vows of our Order. But expect no help In finding it." "We ask no help, madam," returned the Chief of Police, with unruflled courtesy. "Only the key of tlie door which leads to the vaults, that there need he no unnecessary violence within these walls." "I will assist you In nothing," tho grey woman flung buck at him, and turned her veiled face towards the waiting nuns. "To the church, and to prayer," she commanded. And at her words, the flock of wliito-robod figures fled before tho gendarmes under the arch of the doorway, stream ing Into the dark corridor within, like a long, bleak ray of moonlight breaking tlio blackness of a cloud. East of all, moved the Mother, her large hand still hearing heavily on tlio shoulder of her attendant novice, anil the men followed, with echoing tread of feet that marched on stone. Tlie chief had no knowledge of tlie Inner con struction of tlio old building, hut he thought It reasonable that the vaults, where tlie body of Lady Mary Besmoml had probably been buried, were situated under tlie convent church. Tris tram walked by ills side, and little lime was wust- nl in finding (lie door which Sis! or Anna Theresa had once so tremblingly unlocked. Here, tho crowbars were usod successfully. The door hung lamely on broken hinges, and half file men went down, leaving ten to ivateh in the corridor, above the flight of stairs. Ixinterns wero lighted, one for each man who descended, ami search began In lite vast subterranean chamber of the (lead for a now slab in tlie floor, or a niche in tlio wall, lately bricked. But each silently told tlio story of its age. Not a stone, not a brick had been placed for at least a year. Wherever tlie body of Sister Marie Mugdolonc had been laid, It was not in here. "Tho Superior bado tl,o priest tell you that tho lady had died naturally," said tho Chief of Police to Tristram. "Sho repeated this assertion to tho Princess Ealconborg, also to the Archbishop. If that had boen truo tbo body should bavo been in consecrcatcd ground. But the lottor thrown over ' tho convent wall stated that the nuns had been led to beliovo their sister had died by her own hand. In that caso there would bavo been an excuso for concealing tho body in some secret placo by night. Our search haB only just be gun." "Look there," said Tristram. He pointed to a low archway tliut half hid a.door with, Its shadow. Again tho crowbars did their work. Oak splin tered with a loud, rending noise, and there was tho second vault, with its dank odor of dead years, and its irregular heaps of auc'ieut bricks. The walls were unbroken, and as the men began, at their chief's ordors, to push tho .bricks Into tlio corners and examine tlio floor, not a stono showed signs ot having been disturbed. They did tlio work with haste, niul yet with thorough ness, us it seemed, piling up the bricks as fast as tho walls were examined, lookiug everywhere nnd finding nothing. There was 110 other door, snvo that by which they bad entered, and at last the Chief of Police announced it as ills opinion that they must search, elsewhere. There were other cellars, perhaps. It was even possible that a woman of the Superior's type had buried tlic body tinder the floor of her own cell, where sho might constantly bo on guard in case or inquiries such as these. Or, sho and some confidant might haVo (lug a grave in tho quaint old garden or oul- sido the walls; or the body might have been sunk with heavy weights to the bottom of tho lake, which must lie dragged if a discovery were not mado on land. Sooner or later, by perseverance, tli.ey would come upon tho secret, hidden so well that tine , chief was fain to believe Tristram's theory of murder uot so iucrediblo as he had onc.-e fancied it. "Come," he said, laying a kindly hand on the young man's shoulder, "we have plenty of work beforo us. There is nothing to keep us uny longer here." "And yet I can't bring myself to feel we havou't overlooked something," Tristram ex claimed, his face haggardly eager, in the yellow glimmer ot the lanterns. "There's a horrible conviction that here's tlie place, aud no other — that if we leavo it our chance Is lost." "No wonder your nerves play you tricks, after all you have gone through," said tho elder man.- "Believe nie, it's that, and nothing more." Ho took Tristram by' tho arm and led him back to tho low door under tho archway. They went up the few stone steps that led into tho vaulted room of graves. Tristram shuddered. It was as It an unseen hand plucked at his sleovo to drag him bacjt. But the chief urged him on. The day was wearing, and there was much still to bo done.. T'nen from far away came a great cry, a wo- "" Jin's voice, soaring high above a lower hum of 'men's voices. "Something's happened up there in tho church, or whero our men wait in the corridor," said tb.o chief. "Come!" Ho ran, and Tristram went with him, the others following close on their heels. Every step took them further away from tlio room of the bricks; and tho fancied plucking at Tristram's arm h.nd ceased. They ran through tho vaults, sprang up tho flight of thirty-three stone stairs, I wo steps at a time, and halted at the entrance to the corridor. Tho chief was right; something had happened The doors of the church, which had been shut against tha gendarmes, were open. A woman had screamed and screamed again on tho other side, and the men had used their crowbars. One white figure had boon struggling in tho midst of many, a veil had been torn awaj', and a wbito face showed— deathly, awful, only th.o eyes alive. The men in tho corridor had dashed In and snatched tho woman who shrieked for help from those who would have pulled h.cr down, covering her inouth and stilliug her cries. Now sho was in the corridor, a pack ot furious women kept back by a cordon of men at tho church door. Unveiled, dishevelled, sho hung limply in tb.e grasp of two gendarmes, and Tris tram, at tho head of the stairs, caught the glance of her glazing eyes. "The — man — in — the — boat!" sho faltered. "I — know you would come. I pray — It's not too late. Go back — to tho vaults! She's stilling — under the trap-door! It's shut down — beneath tho bricks. The Mother— has piled them over the steps — in the corner by the west wall — nobody could guess the stairway there. I — it's been kill ing me — she made me help — but 1 promised to — give my life if " Her voice died, lier head fell forward, tho mouth open, the glassy eyes closed. But Tris tram had not waited to hear tlio last words. He did not know that she would never speak again on earth, that her promise had been kept to tho letter. Ho only knew that hopo was in his heart, a wonderful hope that was like a ray of Heaven's own light. Springing past the men ou the stairs, h.e rushed back through the vaults to tho west wall, and began leuriug tho bricks with his hands. Somo say that happiness is the dearer after pain; and Lady Mary Tristram is happy, as few womon are, for few women are loved as sho Is laved. Ouly in dreams docs tho past (h.aunt her, though kisses drive the ghosts away when she' wakes. Only when she looks in the mirror and sees tho white lock th.al lies ltko a moonbeam on tbo dusk of hor hair, does she remember chnt such S unarmed as nors cannot he as though they never bad been. But ut elghteon or nineteen there is ail of life in which to forget. Tristram ' thinks that, if possible, sho is oven more beauti ful because of the tell-tale streak of silver. And people in tho countries whero tho two travel (novor Austria) whisper: "Thero's that lovely girl who was shut up in the convent by th.o awful woman who wns punished by tho Pope. They say that her hair turned like that in a single night. Well, there are somo things too strange not to bo true!" Th,e End. 