THE STATION Of HER. [Br F. M. Ibby.] ' ' , 1 CHAPTER I. . ' ' Miss v anco r ? ? Tho girl left standing alono 011 tVe little, country platform, looking wistfully- after the train as it (lis-' appeared round a. curve in the line, turned quickly to meet the searching gazeof a pair of merry, dark eyes that were looking down into hers with some surprise. ? ' § . . I This was certainly not the Miss Vance Christian Arclidale had expected- to1 meet. When his step motlier asked mm to taice cue uuggy ouu '?'?'''J; station and. drive the new governess home he had dimly pictured1 to himself a person with grey hair and spectacles, of 'uncertain age, and temper like the last. But there could be no mistake only one passenger had left the train, this fair, dainty little tigiire with sweet, tremulous lips and, soft grey eyes. ' Mrs. Arclidale sent me -to meet you. I--I sup pose you are Miss Vance ?'.' a shadow of doubt still lingering in his voice. She answered shyly in the affirmative, and looked at him questioning]^-. ' I am your pupil's brother,' lie? paid, smiling, as lie answered the unspoken questioning of her eyes. ' I must get your luggage, for ' we will take it vvitli us.' SJ10 blushed a little at being understood so easily and turned away to identify her two small boxes. No hard task, for thbre was nothing else there but a bag of potatoes. ' I amsoiTy you had the. trouble of coming to meet mo,' she said. ' I could have walked. I am fond of walking.' ,- 'Ten miles?' ho interrupted, gravely — 'it is a long walk, even for one of your abilities. And may I venture to inquire if you intended to carry your luggage with you. AVill you got in, Miss Vance ; the horses don't like standing.'' She was not a bush girl, and the novelty of her surroundings delighted lier. SI10 was glad_ Mr. Arclidale did not.talk much, but left her at leisure to look about, aitd when she grew tired of admiring the scenery and gazing along the rough, unmade road thr ' gleamed so wliitely through the trees and seemed tolead to nowhere, or 'watching, with deepest interest, ? the flocks of little green paroqueets sucking honey from the strong, sweet smelling flowers on the stringy bark trees that shaded the road, she stole two or three furtive glances at her companion. He was scarcely handsome, but there was a manly strength about him that attracted her, and she was still looking at him, with almost as deep interest a3 she had looked at the birds, when he turned to her with a sudden, quizzical look that made her feel' uncomfortably that ho knew exactly what her thoughts had been. ' Are you cold ?' ho asked. ' I should have thought of it before; it always grows cool here towards evening, and you feel it more whon you are driving. Didn't you bring a cloak, or rug of any sort, with you ? It is easy to see that you are not an old traveller.' He had wrapped his own cloak around her while he spoke, despite her protests. ' I expect you are hungry, too ?' ho continued, smiling a little. 'I suppose you were afraid to leave the train to get anything to oat, for fear it should go on without you.' She was young enough to resent being laughed at and treated like a child, and would rather have died than acknowledged that he had hit upon the truth. So she said she was not at. all hungry, and did not speak again until Mr. Arclidale pointed through a break in the trees with his whip, saying in his rich, pleasant tones : 'Here we are at last, and I daresay you are not sorry to'see the end of your journey.' ' Oh ! what a pretty place !' cried Miss Yance, with a flush of excitement rising in her pale cheeks. ' I had no idea that it would be like this.' The young man looked at tho old stone house, - overgrown with trees and creepers, with proud affection ; it looked quite romantically picturesque with its background of rugged hills, brilliant just now as the last rays of the setting sun gleamed on their spring dress of golden wattle and lighted up a broad creek, shining like a silver pathway through the valley. But it was nothing new to him ; lie had lived there all his life, every stick and stone about the place was dear to him, and he was pleasod by the girl's unfeigned delight. ' Open the gate, John,' he called to an elderly man who was chopping wood. 'What a queer old man !' ' You are not frightened of him, are you p' ? 'No,' doubtfully. ' He is as mad as a March hare, poor old chap !' said Christian. ' Is ho ? Oh, why do you keep him. liei'e ?' . ' He has always lived here. He came out to the country with ni.y father; but he got a sunstroke soon after they landed, ahd completely lost his memory. Ho is very queer at times ; but we are all very fond of poor old John. Will you get out here. Miss Yance. Walk straight up this path and you will find the hall door.' Several dogs rushed out on to the creeper covered verandah, barking furiously at the stranger, ?? and two children peeped shyly from behind a hedge of monthly roses, but when she would have spoken to them they ran away. She stood wondering what, she had better do, for there was neither bell nor knocker on the open door. Christian had driven round to tho stables, and she could see no one else about ; however, tho noise made by the dogs soon brought a very stout girl in a very short froclc to the French window. She stared hard at the stranger, and then, as if struck by a sudden idea, exclaimed, ' If that's you, Miss Vance, you'd best come inside, for it's close on tea-time.' Feeling very much inclined to run away, or cry, or do something equally desperate, poor Mary accepted tho invitation and followed the pert nurse girl into a largo -dining-room, where a hoifsemaid, whose face beamed with good nature, was setting the table for tea. , 'Jane, is Miss Vance's room ready, 'cause hero she-is,' said the stout girl, dropping into a chair, with her elbows on the table, staring at Mary. 'Good evening, Miss. You must be tired. Of course the room's l-qady, Sal.' ' Very well, then. You'd best show lier whore it is. She'll loso her way if she goes by herself.' ' Now do clear out, Sal ; it's time you brought tho children in, and you cm see abuut a cup of tea for Miss Yance, too. M r. and Mrs. Arclidale liavon't got home yet, Miss ; tlioy had to go over to the Erin's place 011 business, 'and they thought they'd bo ba k before you came, but I suppose something kept them. See, this is your room, 011 the back verandah.' Part of the house was of much older date than the other, built of slab, with sliinglo roof and calico ceilings. Jane pointed out this fact, saying, ' I hope you won't be frightened at night, for the 'possums make a fearful noiso up there. I often thought it was ghosts till I got used to it.' ? Tho room was large, and comfortably furnished. To Mary it looked luxurious. ' ' Oh ! old John lias brought your boxes already, I see. They always dress a little in tho evenings, but there is plenty of time, so you can have a rest first.' Left all alone, Mary sat down on one of lier boxes— that being the only familiar thing, in tho room, and cried. Then, for she had a keen sense of humour, the comical side of her rccoption struck her,, and she laughed instead', and feeling much better began unpacking her boxes. But it was useless to look for an evening dress. She had not known before that station people are generally far more particular jjlian their city cousins about dress ing for dinner. She could only fasten an old lace scarf round the neck of lier black dress, and taking two or three white rosebuds from a vase that stood on the dressing-table pinned them amongst tho soft lace at her throat. Jane's undisguised admiration on lier return testified to the good results. ' Why, I declare, Miss, you're ever so much prettier than Miss Hilda 'Miss Hilda! Is that Mrs. Arclidale's daughter?' , asked Mary, who know nothing whatever of the family iu which she now found herself. J 'Oh, no'! Not yet.' And Jane nodded and smiled mysteriously. 'Miss Hilda is Sir. Erin's daughter. You'll know all about her soon.' And with this Mary had to bo content. . There was a solitary figure in the large drawing room, standing under the light of the lamp, reading a letter. Ho turned round as . she came into the room, looking at her in a- puzzled way from under his black, bushv eyobiows. ' Why, it's Miss Vance, I suppose ! How do you do ! You must pardon me for staring at you, but you are not exactly what our mutual friend, Mrs. Wilson, led us to suppose when she wrote about you.' He took her hand and shook it good-naturedly, while he closely scrutinised .her, and getting over her first feeling of shyness she returned h.:3 gaze. He wus a tall, powerfully built man, with a face attractive for its peculiarities, and only redeemed from plainness by its groat strength ; lie looked as though no obstacle was too great to bo overcome by his ambition. Ho had lived here so long, owner of all that Iiis eye could reach, and for many a mile further, the richest man in the distri .t, living on so much grander a scale than any of his neighbours, and so bowed down to by j;ich and poor, that 110 wonder his sense of his own importance was great, or tliitt I10 had grown to regard himself in the light of a small king. 'Oh! here comes Mrs. Arclidale,' he continued. ' Clara, hero is Miss Vance thinking of running away already, she is so alarmed by finding that we live so very far from civilization.' A very handsome, graceful woman, many years younger than her husband, with simple, unaffected manners, glided into the room, holding out her hand, with a smile. Ah ! I hope not', though I am sure your recep tion was enough to frigliteji you ; but unfortunately W9 were detained mucll later than we thought we would be. I hope Jane saw that you had every thing you wanted.' i And, as Mary answered iu the affirmative, Chris tian came into the room, and the bell rang. CHAPTER II. At seven o'clock next morning Mary was awak- 1 enod by the clanging of a great bell, and looking round the room she .wondered for a few minutes where she was, until the stiffness in her limbs re minded her of her long and unaccustomed journey tho day before. She drew up the blind and found that, from her window there was a glorious view over a perfect sea of hills, and while she was still rejoicing over this discovery there was a tap at the door, and in came two little girls. For a moment tliey hesitated in the doorway, looking frightened, and finally, somewhat reassured by observing that the new governess looked almost as much alarmed as they did themselves, advanced and hold up their faces to be kissed. ' Mamma sent us,' began the oldest, a miscliief loving- looking little person of eight. ' She thought you would be very tired still, and wants to know if you would like to have your breakfast in bed this morning ?' 'Oh ! no, dear ! I'll got up at once. What timo do you have breakfast ?' said Mary, quite aghast at such an idea. As far as she could remember she had' not had breakfast in bed sinco she had the measles. 'That was the breakfast bell rang sometime ago, but I'll tell mamma you're getting up, and we'll keep you some.' And hand in hand they vanished as quietly as they had come, and Mary dressed as quickly as she could, and found her way around the wide verandah to where Mrs. Arclidale, in tho dining room, smiled and .nodded to her through the open French windows. ,, ? There was ho sign of either Christian or Mr. Archdalo; Mrs. Archdale and the little girls had evidently waited for her. 'I thought you would be tired, so I did not let' them wake you earlier,' said Mrs. Archdale, as she apologised for her late appearance. ' I hope you will like living in the bush ; Mrs. Wilson mentioned when she wrote to me about you that you had always been accustomed to town life.' ' Oh ! I'm sure I shall like it if it is always like this,' said Mary, so enthusiastically that Mrs. Archdale laughed. 'We are not quite so isolated as you might imagine. We have several neighbours: the Erins live searoely five miles off, and there are three families less than thirty miles away. I am expect ing Miss Eriu, over this morning; she is going to stay with us for a few weeks while her father and mother are away. I've been thinking that if she comes in good time wo might take our dinner to tho river and have a sort of picnic, and fish, for the men have1 gone to look at some cattle at the other side of tho run and won't be home till evening. We will take Sarah with us to keep tho children from tumbling into the water or getting bitten by snakes or deatliadders.' ' But what about their lessons,' asked Mary, tliinking the plan sounded. delightful. 'Oh ! I think wo must liavo a week's holiday, just to let you grow acquainted with one another,' said Mrs. Archdale. 'I believe I hear a liorso cantering now. Miss Erin was going to ride over ; they will send her luggage in a cart later on.' She wont out on to tho verandah as she spoke, and mot Hilda running up the wooden steps — a tall, dark, handsome girl, just like somtJ brilliant, tropical -flower, whose vivid beauty ' makes all the other flowers in tho gardeii look pale and insignifi cant by contrast. 'This is Miss Vance, Hilda,' said Mrs. Archdale, kissing the girl affectionately .and drawing her into the dining-room. Hilda looked pleased, and held out lier hand, Baying frankly, 'lam so glad to., see you, Miss Vance. Do you know there is no other girl but me for thirty miles, so I expect we shall become great friends.' Then, in answer to a question from Mrs. Archdale, ' Oh ! uncle Tom came with me. He is such a good-natured' old. thing, you know, that I easily persuaded him to give up his work in order to bring me over early,' aud she laughed, a little and pointed with lier riding-whip to where a man was coming through tho trees. I think there is no more untidy animal in tho world than tho avorago, well-educated Englishman in adverse circumstances. He seems to think it absolutely necessary to set the outward and visible sign of failure upon liis back, wliero a woman would scrimp and screw, and almost starve, rather than that her neighbours should pityingly observe that she could no longer afford a new dross. Uncle Tom was no exception to this rule, and in his moleskins that had once been white, his grey shirt, and battered cabbage-tree hat, with bowie knife and red cotton handkerchief in the strap at his waist, his costume would have been 110 disgrace to a swagman who had boon tramping for twolvo months ; or he might easily have been taken for an Australian squatter of English cheap story-booiis, only he was an Englishman himself. Poor Uncle Tom had begun life so well that it seemed impossible that he could tnrn out anything but a brilliant success in whatever path of life he chose to follow. But unfortunately I10 had one fail ing, which, added to indecision of eliaractor. proved his ruin, and whenever he appeared to bo getting on so well that his relations thought I10 wasgettin r off tiieir hands at last, it would drag him down agani, and he had grown poorer, and poorer, and; gradually became the most miserablo old wreck it was possible to see, and yet so jolly, always, and so. sanguino of better times ahead, and so good-natured, that lio would give away his last penny, until! at last I10 had drifted to his brother- in-law's station, where, if lie did no good, ho yet, as Hilda always said, could do no harm. ? 'John tells 1110 Mr. Arclidale won't be home till night,' said uncle Tom, regretfully, aSiioi: being introduced to Mary, and staring so hard that she grew quite nervous. ' I've been fossicking about a little in my sparo timo, and I've got two nuggets I'd like him to see.'' 'Nuggcita! Oh! whore?' criod Mary, with visions of something similar to tho ' Welcome Stranger' beforo her mind's eye. He opened a match-box ho had earned in his hand all tho time, and emptying tho contents into tho palm of his hand displayed with tho greatest pride two tiny specks of gold about tho size of a! pin's head, and looked so proud and showed such j fear of losing them that no one dared to laugh. 1 j ' Do you know tho old silly thinks he is going to make a fortune out of his gold discovery,' said Hilda, with a ripple of laughter, an he wont away, still hugging his matchbox. 'And he lias actually got hold of some man who is used to mining and; persuaded him to have a look at his find. Oh! I want you to see that man, Mrs. Archdalo ; lie reminds me of someone T know quite well, and yet I can't think who it is. Sarah's mother noticed it \- too. Oil ! by the by, she wants to know if Sarah -may go home next Thursday ; they are goin^- to ? have a dance. Sarah is the daughter of one of our stockmen,' Hilda explained to Mary, 'and Sarah's mother is one of the most wonderful women in the world. There's nothing she can't do. Do you know, Mrs. Archdale, alio made soven pairs of trousers for little Jack' out of my old riding-habit; and there is nothing she can't make use of. I believe if I offered Sarah's mother a white elephant she would smile placidly and say 'Thank you, Miss, | it will conic* in nicely for the children.'' ' Mrs. Archdale laughed, and said ' I don't object to the elephant-, Hilda, but I am going to beg that ! you will suppress your worn-out evening dresses in ! future. I thought Christian would never stop laughing whon he found Sarah, at half-past six one j morning, lighting the dining-room fire in your old | pink satin. I wonder where old John is ? 1 must ! ask him to have the buggy ready for us by twelve | o'clock. This is Margaret's birthday, Hilda, so we I are going to celebrate it by picnic-king at the river, where, we can spend our time most profitably, craw fishing. I cut up one of my best mosquito curtains, j to make nets with; for neither the children or I can pull tliom out of tile water quickly enough without. I'll lend you one of my skirts, as you cannot walk I about in that, and then I'll ask you aud Miss Vance | to cut some sandwiches while I pack the cake, which is a marvellous specimen of human ingenuity.' | It was a very gay little picnic, and tho bucket ' they took with them was half filled with a strug- | gling mass of crawfish, one of which pinched Mary's fingers with its sharp claws. There were various ! other accidents : tne bottle of milk broke and leaked all over the cake, thereby reducing it to an unpleasantly sodden state ; and Hilda, standing on a stone clutching at a branch that grew over the water, and drawing it towards her so that she could look into a bird's nest, lost her balance and fell in with a splash, and had to spend the rest of the afternoon barefoot, while her shoes and stockings j were laid on a rock to dry. I Late in the evening, when the sun was sinking | out of sight behind the hills, leaving a faint reflec tion of dancing light to paint the water yellow and gold, and everyone was gathering up the fragments of the feast, reluctant to go home, Christian joined them, and Mary noticed tho glad' light iii his ' eyes when he saw Hilda there. He stopped lier, as they wore all scrambling into the buggy — ' If you are not tired, Hilda, walk home with me.' And she stayed, with a brighter colour in her face, and a. slight trombling of the hand that she raised to brush the dark curls back from her forehead. ' I suppose you know what I wish to tell you, dear ?' he said, presently. 'You must know. I have cared for you so long that there scarcely seems any need to tell you of my love.' Slie-wondored if she really cared for him. Ho was richer than any other man she know, and she told herself she would bo a fool to refuse him, besides she thought she must care for him, he was so fond of her, and she told him so. He drew her closely to him, only saying You have made me very happy ; and they will all be so glad, dear.' CHAPTEE HI. ' There's a horrid tramp.'.' ' ® Hilda peeped over Mrs. Arclidale's shoulder. 'A tramp ! Why, that is uncle Tom's prospector.' ' Oh !' said Mrs. Archdale, laughing. ' I sup pose that must be the man Sarah has talked about so much since she wont home last Thursday.' ' What has I10 coma for, I wonder ?' said Hilda, continuing her sewing, placidly. ' I hope undo Tom does not want me to go home.' But the man had come 011 business of his own. Ever since he first heard the name of the adjoining Btation owner' he had been making inquiries about him, and now, quite satisfied that he had known Mr. Arclidale beforo I10 came to Australia, had decided to ask him for the help he needed,- knowing, of old, that gentleman's goodnature and generosity. Old John was sweeping up loaves on the path, and lie wont up to him, asking if Mr. Archdale was in, and could see him ; and then, as John's vacant face looked up into his, smiling uncompreliendingly, I10 started as though he had been shot, and leaning up against a tree, stood staring at the poor old man with dazed, horror-stricken eyes. 'Oh, dear ! he will never make old John under stand what he wants. I wonder where Sarah is ?' said Mrs. Archdale, rising from her seat. ' Shall I go ?' asked Mary, putting down her work. 'I intend to keep out of the way,' Hilda ex claimed, laughing. ' If uncle Tom has sent for :no, Miss Vance, be sure you say that I have gone to bed with a bad cold, and that the doctor says I must on no account venture out for a fortnight.' They all laughed lightheartcdly, not one of them dreaming, how this man, who might have been ' taken for a hard-working stockman, would alter all ' their destinies', and Mary went down tho verandah j steps, with little Margaret clinging to her hand, to | ask. him if he wished to see Mr.' Archdalo. 'Are you his daughter?' he asked, bluntly. 'No; this is, Miss Archdalo,' she answered lightly, pushing the little girl . forward, and notic ing, with surprise, how curiously his eyes scanned the, child's face. And then he appeared to recollect himself and asked if he could see Mr. Archdalo. Mary pointed to his office. 'The door is 011011,. and lie is in there, writing, -I expect,' she said, ex pocting that he would go at once. 'The old .fellow is queer in his head?' — he nodded towards John, who was pulling roses to pieces, and strewing the bright petals on the newly raked path, contemplating his work with childish, glee. 'Yes, poor John! but he is such a dear old man* always so gentle aud ready to do anything for us,'' said Mary, fancying the man was rather alarmed by John's eccentricities. 'A sunstroke — just after he came from England, perhaps, _ Miss?' continued the mail, and as she nodded in reply, thanked her, aud calling to his thin yellow dog, who was chasing the young chickens, touched his hat and went to . see Mr. Archdale, leaving Mary a little 'mystified by the previous knowledge of John, implied by his lhsfc. question, until, remembering Sarah, imagined that, she had told him. As she returned to tho voraudali, Christian camo out of tho house with the letters a man had iiuit brought. ' Two for you, Hilda,' I10 said with a smile, put ting them into tho girl's outstretched hand, ' and 1 ono for me — from England. Miss Vance, your cor respondents have forgotten you to-day.' Hesoated himself by his step- mother's. side, aud havin-)' read his. letter gave it to her. ' You see she still wants father to go. homo to England fpr a visit. As she-saj.s, there are only the two of them left now, and it is quite timo that old family quarrel was forgotten.' ( Mrs. Archdale shook lier head doprecatincly. ' It is no use- trying to-porsuado him, to go, Cln'i's Uan; you know what an obstinate man ho is.' J?hen, becoming aware- tlint Hilda's oyos wore fastened 011 her, curiously, she added, in a higher tone, '-I wonder if you could inake him listen to reason, Hilda, t believo he takes more notice of what you say tolijm than of any of us.' 'Indeed! l»t before J undertake tho office of mediator I muat know a little more about it. Mr Archdale may have very good reasons for declining to go and see his old sister, for all I know to the. contrary. j 'My dear Hilda, I know very littlo more than 1 you do; in fact 'I know nothing, but that when mv fathor was quite a young mani ho had a violent quarrol with hw fathou and eldest; sister, aud he lofl; . England, accompanied by old John. A gentleniait my grandfather know in this country had instruc 1 tions to buy him a station and settle him on it, also i to givo him a hundred a year, which allowance was | continued right up to the time of my grandfather's ' 1 death, though lie hadn't much need of it tlie.u ; but when they would have recalled him from banish ment he refused to go, and beyond an occasional | letter, chiefly restricted to business, he has had nothing further to do with them, though ho lias always encouraged me to write.' ' I must say 1 should like to know what it was all about,' mused Mrs. Archdale, ' but youi' father never will talk of that time, Christian.' 'His people belong to a very otd family, don't they ?' asked Hilda, ' and your aunt's house is a- lovely old place ? — it will be yours of course, as she has 110 other nephew.' 1 ' You would like to live there?' Christian askocl, smiling. But she took no notice of the remark, and con tinued, in her funny, abrupt way: 'Ella Walker knew some people who lived near them, and they told her that the Arehdales were one of the proudest families in England.' . With unusual tact Hilda refrained from mention ing that common report stated- that the reason John Archdale had been ba.nished from his homo was because of his avowed intention of marrying a pretty housemaid. She laughed a little, to herself, as she tapped her foot 011 the verandah, and thought how she and Ella had vainly tried to picture Mr. Archdalo, with his high and mighty notions of his own value iu this world, in love with a housemaid, '.Evidently I10 benefited greatly by the change of air,' she murmured, softly, looking from his beau tiful wife, in through the open window, to where the large portrait of Christian's mother hung so conspicuously over the fireplace. CHAPTER IT. Mr. Archdale looked up from his work at the sound of a strange footstep pausing in the doorway- e 'Good afternoon. Do you want anything?' ho exclaimed in his rough, genial way. T'iio mau nodded shortly, keeping his gaze on' tho floor, the more determinedly because he saw that Mr. Arcli dale's eyes persistently sought his face, aud that several times lie passed his hand over his brow, with a puzzled look, as though trying vainly to remember when and where he had seen him before. 'You are after work, I suppose ?' he continued, but a sickening convict-ion was also forcing itself, upon him, and his face had turned to au° ashen, grey. By the strongest exertion of his great will power he pulled himself together again. 'There is nothing at all I can give you to do ; 1 have more men employed already than are needed.' The man looked up now, and a peculiar expression passed over his face. Mr. Archdale rose suddenly, aud going to th ; window threw it open, as though the room had grown unbearably close. A half smile parted the other's lips. ' I soe you; ' ? have not quite forgotten me,' he said, in insolently drawling tones. 'My God!' Mr. Archdale groaned, putting up. his hand as if to avert a blow. 0 Vou ve changed a good deal, but I knew you. at - once,' tho mail continued. 'You've not altered a bit, Will.' ' Well I must say you take it protty coolly,' said, the man, half admiringly. 'When ono has seen tho sword of Damocles hanging over one's head for thirty years, it is almost a relief to feel it fall,' lie answered, with a. sigli. ' Is your mother— I suppose slio is not with; you?' Mr. Arclidale had outwardly regained his compo sure, but his hands trembled still, as though 'he had tho ague, and his voice was dry and hard.. A suddon fierceness camo into the man's face.. 'How could it interest you, a grand gentleman who doesn't know what poverty means, to know how I scrimped and screwed so that we could keep body and^oul together. I was only a lad of four teen, you'll remember, and 0I1 ! it was a hard time for both of us starving there, and waiting for tlie help my sanguino brother promised us. But it wasn't for -longs she died soon after Mr. Arclidale told lier the fate of her favourite son.' Ho -'-ot up front his seat aiid walked about the room. ''l will see you again soon,' lie said as ho was leavin'. Mr. Archdale held out his hand, but the other man put his behind liim witli a shrug of his broad: shoulders, and left the room with an insolent littlit nod. Left alone, Mr. Archdalo buried his face in; his hands, and when he raised it it had grown so hag gard and old as to be scarcely recognisable to those, who had known the cheerful, genial station owner. ' It will- come all right,' ho muttered, in a stupid way. ' Ho dare not push me too far. Christian, must marry Hilda; the girl's money will .save us. Christian _ must never come to want. He must ' never know.' . . William Snow was almost mad on the subject of mining. For years he had longed to -speculate oii a large scale, not with tho hope of gain but from a simple love of gambling ; and now luck had thrown a chance in his way. He had not a penny of his own* but he made .up his miiict to uso Mr. Arclidale's' fortune. ' Good heavens ! do you' want to ruin me ?' Mi Archdale cried, when tho whole mad scheme -Ifai been expounded to him. You 011 1, then ? and the man's determined^ face grew dark. os . yes ! I promise to raise all the money, you - want. Do what vou like with it; but remember that it you fail I am a ruined man.' After this- r one feeble protest Mr. Archdale made 110 further demur; but no greater torture could liave -beeu. devised for this shrewd, keen-witted business matt than having to stand passively by whilst the savings ' ot years wore used by another man to ?'?ratify hits mania for speculating. lie could :.-ee well enough that Snow's .invest ments were anything but safe, but ho dared not ' remonstrate with this man who had him, so com pletely- under his thumb, and these additional anxieties preyed upon his health. Indeed lie. 110. longer seemed to have any will of his own, at all : he allowed his money to be- flung about and made, ducks. and drakes of witlior,/t a murmur; the- only* tiling- for which lie any longer cared was to keep aM knowledge of all this from his son. lie sold n. nuinibor of cattle at a groat sacrifice,- to provide* ready money; already lie- had an alarming- over- draft _at the bank; but still tho ruthless, human vampire was not '.satisfied, and when lie mi- - with losses tho more insatiivMe became his cravino- to , . gamble with fortune. And as the months went by the station owner, so short a time beforr.-the richest and the proudest lnansin the district, became- n«od and boyrea, his pomposity of. manner hndgiven- way to- a shrinking featf itlnoss, and his fortune- was becoming so undermined that it needed but thci slightost touch to send it with a crush, crumbliit'- to dust aud ruin. . — , ' ? - CHAPTER V., All this time. Hilda came and went; slio had ahvays looked 'upon tho place as a second homo, and ' would arrive unexpectedly at, all sorts of strange hours, and stay for weeks at a timo. She was very' tond ot Mary; wlia wit-Jj her. quiet gentleness lia'd grown dear to them all'. And. her friendship was tho hardest. thing in Mary's life to bear, for all un consciously^, the poor girl had; learnt to ear-- for Christian with all the passionate Io.vo of whioh her warm young heart, was capable ; and whon Hilda, would como to her with her confidences, talking of'-' the lovoly old homo in England that would one diw be how, _ saying how glad she was that Christian was so rich, for that she iisv® could 1'iavr marricdt ? a poor man, it was almost- too much for Mary's, onduranee. in vain sin- tried to smother her feel ings ; nothing could move this weight of tiVuUr and; sorrow from, her breast ; hIiu never could love' iiAin loss, and the future looked full of darkness. ' It would not bosahardif she were more worthy ot linn, ' she would luoau at night, when up. onw could see or guoss her secret grief. 'But show so! selUsh ; she does not caro for him at all j f.Jie only cares for wluit he has ; she can never love-, hint as 1' do. And then slw would be overcome ?,y a swift repontaswo for this disloyalty to Hilda;* who lial' ' svlways booa so kind a friend to h -r. ^ But on one point Bhe had fully made up her Blind. She would leave the station where she had experienced bo much happiness, yet so much sorrow, though -this thought that she mi^ht never see Christian. again seemed almost more than she could ?bear. She would go away, right away., where in time she jnjglit learn to forgot. She did not know what she could do if she left ?them; it would be impossible for her to live at home, for her father, a, hard-working doctor had left his family in very, straitened circumstances. She could not bear to think of leaving them, for she was very fond of Mrs. Archdale and the little girls, and in her turn Mrs. Archdale felt the greatest affection for the girl, who was always so quiet and unassuming, yet ever so ready if her help was needed. Of Mr. Arelulal ; she was more frightened than fond, and indeed she saw very little of him, except at meal-times, for ho seemed to spend a great ? deal of his time shut up alone in his oflice, whon ho was not out riding. Sometimes his wife would ask in a surprised way how it was that he could spare so little time to be with them now, but he would invariably put her off with the excuse that he had .waiting to do. ' You used not to bo so fearfully devoted to busi ness, John,' she would exclaim, looking rather hurt, but he would -make some inarticulate answer and leave the room. On ono of these occasions Mary looked in at his office window as she passed along the verandah on lier way to her own room. The blind was not down, and the lamp 01; the table threw a brightness all, around, but there were no writing materials on the table, and the' poor old station owner was sitting by it-,. with his head buried in his arms, and in the glare of the lamp she noticed how grey his hair was growing, since first she saw him, and how tired and worn he looked. Her own trouble quickened her perception and made her swift to see sorrow in others. He looked like a man .whose health was rapidly breaking down under the weight of some heavy mental trouble, and she wondered his family had not noticed it. CHAPTER, VI. But it was next to impossible to hide for long frojn Others all knowledge of the secret, tho burden of which was weighing him down. Sooner or later they must awake to the fact that they stood on the edge of a precipice. Already Mrs. Archdale had taken alarm, and tried to discover from Christian if anything had gone wrong with money matters, but he could only declare his ignorance, and even thought that his father had developed an extra _ ordinary mania. He had heard of men equally rich who, with a melancholy; delusion that they, would ?die in poverty, had spent their lives iu hoarding up the money that afterwards availed them so little. It was Hilda who effectually dispelled this idea from the young man's mind, only to put into it one still more bewildering: Mingling freely with the women on her father's station, she always heard much harmless and ?amusing gossip, especially from Sarah's mother, about all the neighbouring families, with many of whom the woman had lived in tho capacity of housemaid, or general servant, before her marriage. 'Of course it isn't true, Miss Hilda,' she began, this afternoon, evidently anxious to find out how much truth there was in some t-.ilo she had just heard, ' but people do say old Mr. Archdale'ii been losing an awful lot of money, mining, lately.' Here Sarah's mother paused an instant, bringing down her iron with a groat clap and looking- round 'the corners of her eyes to. seek for confirmation of -her news in Hilda's tell-tale face. But there was no other expression than simple indignation depicted there as her visitor said, warmly, ' What dreadful nonsense people do talk 'Why, everyone knows that Mr. Archdale simply detests mining.' _ ' Well, Miss, it's not for me to say,' said Sarah's another, soothingly, ' and it wasn't me that said it. I'm only repeating what I heard from others.' Here the good lady looked very knowing, and nodded her head with the air of one who could tell much if she were only sure what reception her news 'would meet with, but receiving no encouragement from Hilda she started another subject with equal flnminir trnin nf mini. ' We'll, Miss Hilda, I'm thinking what a blessed thing it will be to get Sarah off my hands _so soon . — not but what she's real comfortable with Mr. Archdale, still one never knows what may happen. And if she's married, and lives in a town, she can just take all the boys, turn about, to stay with her, and they can go to school, for I've been sadly put about, thinking of their eddication.' - Like many bush mothers of that class, Sarah's mother had a great notion of bringing up her chil dren to be much above that state of life in which 'the commandments bid us be content. It was the ambition of her life to see her girls dressmakers or school teachers — domestic service, though it had been good enough for her, was unsuitable for- her offspring. The poor woman would almost kill her self,- working, to attain this end. It was even rumoured that for many months she had taken in 'washing in order that Sarah should have a quarter s music lessons. Hilda had opened her great eyes very widely. 'Sarah! You don't mean to say that Sarah is going to be married ?' The genuine astonishment in her tone and look rather offended Sarah s mother. 'Well, Miss Hilda, she's close on as old as your self, and a good deal fitter to cook a man's meals for him, though, she's short for her age.' Hilda made haste to explain. ' Oh ! it's not that at all j but I was so surprised that I had not heard of it from Mrs. Archdale.' 'Well, Miss, you Bee' (slightly modified) ' Sarah's young man wanted it kept ? quiet for awhile; you see he lias relations not a hundred, miles away who mightn't altogether like it.' ' Why ! who is she going to marry ?' demanded Hilda, thinking from the woman's air of mystery 'that the son of some neighbouring squatter might have fallen a victim to the charms of the buxom Sarah. 'Well, then, it's Mi-- Snow.' ? ' What, the man who is prospecting for uncle Tom ?' cried Hilda, much amused. ' Why I should have thought John Lane would have made her a better husband.' Perhaps there was just a faint smile of contempt on her lips, not unnoticed by the woman's sharp eyes, for, forgetting discre tion in lier eagerness to advance Sarah's interests, she added, 'AVell, maybe not, Miss Hilda. Snows hard up now, maybe, but Mr. Archdale s not the gentleman to Bee his relations come to want.' But no sooner were the words out of her mouth than she jepented of her rashness. She knew she had ?overstepped the bounds of prudence; if she could .she would lmve retracted every word she had said. She looked quite frightened by the effect her words bad upon Hilda, who was too breathless with indig nation to litter a word. ? ' Mind you, Miss Hilda; I don't say it's true, but It's a rumour that's got about among tho men, they say that if you see them stand together they look sis like as two peas. But, then, they do say that .every man in this world has his double. ' How can you talk like this '. , How can you say .such things ! That horrid, common man a relation of Mr. Arclidale's!' gasped Hilda, wratlifully. ' I shall spealc to Mr. Christian about it myself, to-monrow, and get h-'va to put a stop to these ?wicked stories at once, i believe you could be had ?up for libel, for saying such things.' Sarah's mother looked much alarmed by the , stonn she had raised. 'Miss Hilda, you mustn't apeak to Mr. Christian about it ; you must not ; it s only foolish gossip ; I'd never have told it you if ]cn wn how you'd take 011, she exclaimed, j .eagerly. j But Hilda was not to be persuaded from her determination, and the next day being Sunday, and -Christian according to long custom riding over to spend the afternoon, alio only waited until they were alone and. told him the whole story. M first he -was disposed to laugh at it, but seeing the Isold it had taken on the girl's mind he mentally ?consigned Sarah's mother to a warmer place than a quiet Now Engiand station, and trie.d to make Hilda see the folly and impossibility of the story. ?'You know what aw awful tilker that woman is, dear I wish you would not listen so much to her aillvcostip.' But the more lie said to convince lier the more a chill presentiment of some coming evil stole into his own heart. Having dismissed -the idea of the man's being some neer-do-well relation from his miud aa ridiculous old women h jjoasip, it nevertheless seemed to him to account for many of his father's late vagaries. He began to think that, in spite of all he said against it, his father had developed a craze for mining This -would account, he felt persuaded, not only for the prospector's many secret visits to his father but also for tho way iu which his income iJiBuppeared, The man has porsuaded him into it against his better judgment,' thought Christian, 'and as he ; has always been so dead against it ho is .ashamed to ? let us know his change of front.' Mrs. Archdale also had ideas of her own on the subject, differing but little from Christian's, though neither ever spoke of their suspicions to the other. So little did either suspect the truth that when the blow fell it was totally unexpected. CHAPTER VII. / It was Christian who hastened the end, with his pride and his impetuous, fiery nature. _ Crossing tho yard late ono evening he caught sight of a figure through the dusk evidently trying to escape observation, and making towards Mr. Arclidale's office. With a thrill of indignation he recognised Snow. ' Confounded cur ! Sneaking round like a spy, after dark,' he muttered angrily, ami striding up to hiin asked what liejwanted. The man only shrugged his shoulders. Ho would have avoided this meeting, rightly guessing that tho young man was 110 friend to him. Christian repeated his question in a louder key, declaring that lie believed he was after no good, prowling about like a thief, aud threatened that lie would set the dogs on him unless he told him his business or cleared out. Snow laughed provokingly, as ono knowing liis own power, and said he would prove that he was no thief by dining with them; that.' night a-s a dear and valued friend of his father's. Perhaps it was Christian's tone of haughty arrogance, and a desire to bring down his pride, that caused him to make this boast, which at all hazards he would keep. Before Christian had time to answer the door of Mr. Arclidale's office was thrown open, and he stood in tho doorway with a face of fear and apprehen sion, holding the lamp so lhat its light fell full on the two angry figures. ' Will, is that you ?' ho cried nervously. ' I've been waiting for you an hour, lad.' The man went with him into the room and the door was shut fast in Christian's face, and with every nervo quivering with ill-suppressed rage he had to leave them and go to the drawing-room. The bell rang for t.*a, but they had to wait some timo beforo Mr. Archdale made his appearance, and when he did come into the dining-room close behind him followed tho man Snow, looking a strange enough object amongst these well dressed men and women. No wonder that Jane hurried, giggling, to tho kitchen, or that Sarah, in tho pantry, was speech less from surprise at seeing her lover taking his place as a guest at lier master's' table. Mary and Hilda looked their wonder, . while Mrs. Archdale went forward with a word of greeting for this mist unwelcome guest. But Christian sprang forward. ' Father,' he cried ? appealingly, with a strange fear of some unknown, lurking calamity, 'father, how dare this man come here, making your life a burden to you and pushing himself where he isn't wanted. Do you think we haven't noticed how your very nature has changed since he came hero prowling and spy ing. Send him away, once and for all ! Only say the word and I'll kick him out of the house for you.' ' 1 But the man's blood was quite as hot, though his temper was better under control than Christian's. ' I've a right to dine at this table,' he said slowly, and he looked towards tho white-faced station owner, ' because I'm tho old chap's brother. We were brought up together, in the same home, by the same father and mother, and used to be fond enough of one another, too, though tliere was fifteen years' difference in our ages.' None doubted avword he said, and Mr. Archdale by his silence acquiesced in the statement, and the man continued, addressing himself tu Christian all tho time : ' I've done my best to steer clear of you, for I know I'm not tlie'sort of uncle a young fellow like you cares to have popping up all of a sudden. And if you'd only let me alone I'd never have told you who I was. But you carried things with so' high a hand that T couldn't help trying to give your pride a fall.' . ' U nfortunately I was never made aware that I had an uncle,' said Christian, stiffiy, 'and you must admit it was scarcely likely 1 should suspect the eonnectionsliip when you never called yourself Arclidale.' ' ' Christian ! Christian !' exclaimed Mr. Arch dale. But the monotonous drawl continued : J. UU1CU iuj'auji guira iviicu. J. uiou that my brother lived here, for I knew there was precious little chance of seeing him if he heard that I was knocking around. But I never called myseli Archdale, for I was christened William Hales, and I'm not ashamed of my name.' Mr. Archdale had fallen into a chair beside the table, and dropped his head on his hands with a low moan. In that moment, before any of the other actors in the scene had suspected the tragedy they were acting in, his wife had comprehended everything. She went to him, drawing his bowed head to rest 011 her breast. 'John! John! tell me it is not true ! Tell me it is not true !' she wailed, in a tone of agony. But when I10 made no sound she burst out crying. He jumped up aud pushed her from him, almost roughly. And by this time Christian, too, understood. Ho never even liea^d his father's voice, raised dry and rasping in a feeble attempt to justify him self in the eyes of all those .he loved : ' It was all my cursed ambition ! I knew I was clever and could got on better than that poor, weak fool ever could. I don't know what came over me, but when | the doctor said he'd never be right in his head again I seemed to see everything mapped out, plain as print, before me. It was easy enough to pass myself off as him, for I was sharp and quick at seeing how things should be done. I'd been with him so long that I'd got into all his ways, md everything seemed to conspire to help me.' He never knew how everyone drifted from the room. Ho only knew that his father — his generous, up right father, who was so looked up to, and held in such esteem by everyone, was a thief and an im postor, and he felt that he could never lift up his head again. N ever again would he put faith' in any human being. How long I10 sat there, with the untouched dinner left just as it was on tho table by the frightened servants, who eould only guess that something dreadful had happened, he never knew, until he was roused by a hand on his arm, and Hilda's white face bent over him. ' Christian ! Christian ! For pity's sake rouse yourself. If you do not make haste this story will be all over the country to-morrow. You must bribe the man to keep it quiet. I camo to tell you that I can lend you plenty of money. Give him all he wants and make him ? promise to leave the country.' It was some moments before he understood her meaning, and then a red flush of shame crimsoned his face and neck. ' You mean that ' yon think this imposition should be kept up?' he asked, slowly, and his voice was steady with a calmness he did not feel. ' Of course ! Of course !' she cried, impatiently. 'You must ! Think what it means f r your father if you do not. And what docs it matter about old John? Oh! Christian, say you will take my money and go to the man at once.' He rose to his feet, putting his hands on her shoulder, and holding her away from him at arms length, looking at her with such a terrible sternness that slie was frightened of him. 'My God! Hilda! do you know what you are asking me?' he demanded. 'Do j'ou take me for a devil ?' . Piqued, and indignant at the way in which her offer had been received, she broke away from him. 'Oh !' she cried, passionately. ' All men are by nature devils or fools, and unfortunately the fools predominate.' And, crying bitterly, she ran from the room. Late that night the sharp report of a revolver rang out, echoing through the house and up amongst the hills. Surrounded by difficulties of his own making, from which he saw no possibility of escape, the ! station owner had shot himself. CHAPTER VIII. ' ' After this there followed a dreadful time, whilo ! everything was being settled so that tho station could come into tho hands of its rightful owners. Miss Archdale was very good, and tried to smooth matters over as much as possible, knowing that the man's family had had no hand in the deception he had practised for years. And so well was the story kept that most people believed _ that Mr. Archdale had got into difficulties over mining and lost his station to the bank. Christian decided that they must go awny as soon as possible, and take away nothing but their clothes. Everything else must be left, no matter how tlioy valued it, for they had been come by dis honestly. From the first he knew that his engage ment must' end. But he was not prepared for Hilda to give him up so calmly as she did. And perhaps tho hardest thing to bear in all this time of trouble was the knowledge that this girl ho loved s6 passionately had only cared for his money. But still slio was very goodnatured, and genuinely sorry for them. ' She wanted to take the children away until their affairs were more settled, but this Christian would not allow. Christian was in a great hurry to get away. He was very sanguine about getting work, and had not the least idea that I10 would not be able to get the management of a station, or sometiliing similar, as soon as he wished to. So ho wrote to various influential people, whom he knew were under great obligations to his father. Yet none of those men, who had been regarded as true and trusty friends, would give him work, now that he was poor. For money is the god men wor7 ship, till it plays them false, then only they look higher. Neither would any man lift up his hand to help them. For has it not been written 'the sins of the fathers shall be visited on the children.' And they saw that this commandment was fulfilled to the letter. Mrs. Archdale wrote to her two brothers, begging help, not for herself, but for her little children. It was months beforo they answered , her letters, and regretted inability to do anything for her. Poverty may not be a crime, yet the poor are treated as criminals, especially by their relations. And now AVilliam Hales came to the rescue. A good-natured fellow, regretful of the share ho had had in bringing about their downfall, he quietly and unobtrusively set to work to help them, and proved himself a friend in need. He had knocked about so much, and never, that he could remember, been otherwise tli;(n hard up. So I10 knew how to make tho most of a little, and his advice was always practical. Me suggested that Christian might take, up a small selection, as he was not fit for anything but a bush life, and to his surprise tho young man jumped at the idea. With the few pounds that had been his mother's there would bo enough to start him in a small way. Mary had to leave, them, of course. Christian drove lier to tho railway station, and did not utter a word the whole way. Only as he put her into the train I10 roused himself from, his g'oomy medita tions to say, with a grip of the hand that left no room for doubt of the heartfelt sincerity, of his words, ' God bless you, Mary ! I don't know how ever we'd have got along without you,' little thinking how, his words would linger in the girl's memory, or how all through the long, wearisome journey the tears would -start to her eyes with the thought that he had noticed her unobtrusive efforts to soften many a thorny path. Mrs. Archdale wanted to try and do something for her own living, but Christian would not hear of it. It was his father's fault that she was brought to this state of poverty, and whilst he had health and strength he would work to keep her and the little girls. He said good-bye to Hales with a regret that he would have believed impossible a few months beforo. 'We won't see much of one another in future,' the man said, ' for though I'll always be glad to think that I have someone belonging to me in the colony, it will be best for both of us to live a good way apart. It would keep things fresh in people's minds, you know, and draw you back, if I stayed near you, so as soon as Sarah and I are married we are going to quite another part of the country.' It was tho greatest relief to Mrs. Archdale (for they still retained tho name they had always believed their own), and to Christian also, to leave the station and go right away to a new place, where fresh scenes and hard work did much towards effac ing the history of the past from their memories.' Old John went with them. ? ' It would break liis heart to -leave us,' Christian said with truth. And perhaps Miss Archdale was glad to get rid so easily of what might have been a troublesome charge. So she made' no demur to this, arrangement, and sent out twenty pounds a year for his maintenance. It was impossible to make the poor old man understand the change in his position. He was pleased at having his meals with them and being treated quite as one of themselves, but evidently put it down, with all other changes, to the tiny house they lived in now. The change of name was hardest of all. He ho,d always been ' old John to them all ,and the ' Mr. Archdale' stuck in their throats. The children bungled over it fearfully; and in dosperation went back to the old name, and the others soon followed their example. And now began a fime of drudgery and poverty, with sometimes scarcely enough to eat. But at the end of two years things began to brighten. An uncle of Mrs. Archdale's died and left her fifty pounds a year, and what that meant to them only those who have tried to live on noth ing can realize. And the selection began to pay. So that, they all grew quite cheerful, and felt that they were almost well off, once more. CHAPTER IX. For the second time Christian drove .to a railway station to meet Mary — hard-working Mary Vance, who had promised long ago that she would come some day and spend her holidays with them. But this time both the children, in a state of the wildest excitement, went with him. He wondered that he had never noticed before how wonderfully pretty the girl was, as she came to meet them, her sweet/ pale face all flushed with happiness, and her eyes sparkling and dancing like great grey stars, with the joy of seeing all these she loved so well again. And half unconsciously the thought arose that surely it would be almost per ? feet happiness to win the love of a loving, womanly I woman such as this, only to be banished at once by the thought of his poverty, and- the still more bitter thought that, socially, he was so much her inferior. Besides, even if he ever could earn enough to have a comfortable home to offer her, was it likely that she, knowing all the dreadful past, would ever be willing to marry the man Hilda had thrown aside as ont^ no longer worth caring for. And his face gi'ew hard and forbidding as he told himself that that was all past and done with now. Never, again would he give any woman the chance to make a fool of him. , ' e Mary wondered what made him grow so gloomy and taciturn. She feared that the sight of her had recalled to his mind all his troubles, and self reproachfully told herself that she should not have come. But Mr3. Archdale's warm greeting dispelled such thoughts, and the month that she was to stay with them passed all too quickly. Mary finished her packing, putting away, with her hats and dresses, a few silent tears. This visit that she had looked so long forward to had been sadly disappointing, and all because Christian held aloof from her. She wondered how she had for feited his friendship, little dreaming tho real cause of his avoidance. Her boxes corded and labelled, ready for the morrow's journey,, she went slowly through the passage to the dining room, where she had left Mrs. Archdale. But that lady had taken herself off with a book, and Christian was alone in possession. ] He made some trifling allusion to her, departure, in a tone that -pain made to appear careless, and she almost fancied that he was going. She told herself that she was glad her visit had ended; Christian only looked on her as an intruder, whose presence recalled the bitterest memories of his life. But he need not make it appear so very, very plain how little he cared. Surely common cirility demanded that ho should hide the relief her absence would be to him. She took up a book to read, but all the words grew blurredandthelettersranintooneanotlieruntilthey rosembled a lot of Chinese puzzles. At last he looked up from his writing. 'The children will miss you greatly, MisB Vance, and my mother.' She mads no answer, but her face grew rather paler and sadder than before. ' But I. am afraid it has been ; a very dull visit for you. You do not look as well as when you came to us.' She looked up to answer him, but her eyes filled and she turned hastily away. But he had seen the tears, and in a tone of gentle concern asked, 'Are you sorry to leave us, Mary . . ,! What roan on earth could resist the piteous, frightened appeal in tho loving grey eyes, so timorously raised to his. -Certainly Christian could not. It was all over with him then. In an instant he had forgotten his poverty, his lowly position, even Hilda was banished from his mind, as he took tlu girl's two little hands in his ; ' Mary, Mary, I'm the most selfish beast in the. world to dare ask you to share my poverty, and it sv.ill servo me right if you are angry with me for my presumption. But, oh ! my darling, this world jeems such a desert without you, and I know you're too good and true to scorn me for what was no fault of my own,'1 he said, and his voice faltered iind shook. The sweet, pale face was raised to his, filled with [i radiant joy that was more eloquent than any words, and Christian clasped her to him with a brighter face than he had worn since the day of his father's death. Presently ho said, rather huskily, ' The only thing that troubles me now is that I've such a poor home to offer you. But, my darling, I promise you ' that I will work until I rise again to the height from which I've fallen. But it may not bo for a longtime; many years, perhaps— it takes so' long to make money. But, in tho meanwhile, we'll be awfully poor. 'Oh, my love ! my little love ! are you sure that you will not be afraid to share my poverty with me ? Think well, before it is too' late.' Two soft arms steal up around his neck, warm red lips are pressed to his, and the lowest whisper just reaches his ear : , ' If it s until we are both old and grey, or until the grave claims one' of us, I will work with you, and wait, and hope, yea and be glad and proud to, Christian.' THE END. « 