KATE DANTON. OI. XPPTlL Y fl'T.-(Contintued.) Who was 4t? Not Ogden, not her father; cokld it Tie---could it be Mr. Richards diinme-slf. Rosest chasIled her .Inils and stoud besvihl(ere:1. I.er own t-roubles htt no occupied her mind of late that she ihad almost forgotten Mr. ltichards; but -now her old eriiosiity retirned in fu1l force. "Jf he ilihas gone out," thought -hose, "wliLt is to hinderi me frot, seeini his "rooms. I would give the worldi, to .ee themu!" She stood for a ilelloietiI. irresoltte. Then, impulotvely, she seized a dres sehg-gown, cavered her bright head with the saswl, opened her iloor soft ly, and peeped out. All still and desertled. 'lthe auight ltine- hurn-d din at- the othor end of thj tong, chilly tiassage, but .t.hrew no light where :;he stood. 'iThe green baize door stood tempt ingly hal f otien; no creature was to i)e .seeni-io sound to be hetard. ttose's le-art ltlhrotbbed fiet; the mysterious stillness of a-tie ucight, the ghostly .snkhnmer of' tthe moonlight, tlhe mys Iery and tleomltce of htier -lnheittlire, sot tvery piulse tingling, but she did not helisitte. 1HeIr slippered feet crossed I-he hall lightly; she was boside the greeilt door. T'hen Itiere was also tihet" patubse-miron.ents breathless listen ing, buit tho dead stillness of midnight Wvis unbroken. She tiptoed down the short corrtlor, and looked into the room. 'T'he :st-sldy was quite deserted; a tanmp burned on a ,toble strewn with books, piapers. and writing-ma~terials. 0o.se -cglatnced wonderingly around at .lthe book-lined w,'-lls. Mr. Riohatrds could piss the dull hours if those were all novels, lhe thought. The roein beyond was unlit, save by -he mnoon shiningt brightly -throtuglh the parted curtains. Rose examined it, too; it was Mr. Itothards' bedroom, but the bed tuad not been slept in -that migut.t. Everytinug was orderly and "tlegant; no evidences of its occupant being an invalid. One rapiet, compre .nesive gia.nce. was all Ztne giri waited 1to take; thelt she turned lo 'hrurry bnck 1to her own room, anded?O.Rll her self fee. ito face with Ogden. "l1he valet stood in ,thle doorway, laoking at her, Iris countenance wear ing its habitual l :ahn 'and respectful ex.pression. R3ut Rose recoiled, and turned as wh-i.te as though lxe 'had been a ghost.. '"It is very late, -Miss RIose," said Ogden alnmly. "T think you ill d.bet Ltr nolt stay lh'ere any longer." Rose clasped 'her hands supplica' t.ingly. * "Oh, Ogden.! Don't, tell ;papa. Pray. don' tell papa!" ': "I amn very sorry, Mliss Rose, but iat would 'be as much as my Ilacer : is •worth. "I must!" He stood aside to 'let her pass. Rose with all her flightiness, wias too .prou1( to plead with a servant, and walked aiut in silence. i ' Not aan -in;tant too soon. As she opened 'her door, .some one came up stairs; some one who was tall, and sgiht, an uffed muffled in a long cloak. He passed tilrouglh the 'baize door, be-fore she had time to see his face, dlo'sed it arfter him. and wis gone. iRose becked 'her door, a.fraid of she kneIw not what; and sat do-mn on. tlle bedaide *to think. Wiho ,was -this Mr. lhieltrds who passed for an invali, and vwho was no invalid? Why was he shrut up here, where no one could fiee Ldim, and why was all this mystery? Rose t.hoiugthit of ".Tane Eyre" and Mir. Rodhester's wife, -but iMr. 'Rlicdhalrds could not -be. mad or they nerer would trust him ouat alone at nighl.t. What, t.oo, would hler faher say 'to her to morrow? She quailed a little at the ?hiought; aslte had never seen lier in daulgent father onut of teimtper *in iter life. 1Ie 'took the tn:ost, disagreeable eiontretemnps .witli tperturbable good hulnor, butt 'how\\- would lie takle ithis. "I shouild not liKce 'to offend papa," thioughllt Rose, uneasily. "Hie is very good -to me, and doeC evert-i-vn'gi I ask ridni. I 'hope -e won't be angry. I limiost wish I .had not gone!" 'There was -oie sleep for lier- that nightl.. Whlen. norning came, site was almost afraid to go downe !to brealakast amd face her fat-her;; but when tlhe bell 'rang, -and she did descend, lie"'fhatlier taes not there. ... . Ogden c?iunti ina aith hIis master's, ex . cuses-Calpthin Da.niton was I'very .busy,' mi niid wo'uld. bfrealcfaist an hi stusidy; lThie neva ook awiy Roses emoerning appe .tite;:i fi saeit riimamibling .her, roll 6n her' plit ae, mrid -feeling hal:t Ogdeii .'t.d told .hi: ndi.: lth't that -waxs the chause .ot *iha nOn-oappea'rance.: ' : As they'tress from. 't.lie .alble, Ogde, eu 't.ed hagiin, 'owed .grailely 'to Rose, ,h ld' irforiecdl her ;she was i~ainted in tle stundy. : ]:att' "lonke! a.t hser sister .in sur piade, 'i:.nd noticef ivitli .wonlhr her elda.~ghi~ g iface. But Rdse, 'ratliont ta wo?r:', 'folltnweed he saslot, lher lieirt tlr?Labjing" fister tha:n it. hau l Ihrobbed lst :nig'ht. Car.ta.'in Danton iwas p'ieiifg' up and <o"n h.is study when die entered. with the sterrest. face the linad evetr seen blimn w.c!ir. I.h silence le pointedl to a seat. con:t.isaing" ilris walk; Iis diaui'ht'.r sa,t, down, pale, .but other .wit.>. dauinitless. - "Ro.se!" Ihe saiid, staoppinllg s'lort lhe foare hPr. "tamat toolk you 'into i Mr. tielcards' rodo'mn ast night?" i "OLr'ios'ty, papa," rel)liekl Rose, roaid.i'ly, ; utt in secrat quclin'ng. "Do you. kiow' you did a very my?ln' uiat.? )o y'oui k:i:o\' y'ou were iplayhing the -spy ?" t. :he colouir ruslhed to Ilaose's face, ansl her head dropped. "'You kl'ew' yao. -wiare forbiddei to enter there; you knaw you were pry inllg' in'to 'wh:iat was no a.fl':ir E ' yours; you kn tia ylcu .iwreio doing" iwrong0 , and would displhese me; and yet in the ra;iBe of all *t3:ir. y-i-iu deliberately stole in:to Ilis uroCm like ia spy, like a thief, to discover for yourself. Iose :Dailton, I am shavnlll:;l of' youl!" .Rose burst out c-ryin,'. I1er -Iatiher wns very .ng-'ry, and deeply ii, n'tified; nid Ro?o'. ceniIy wais veryi 'trfond of tlier hidulgient fat.-her. . S"'Q! 'ip:p 1 di't iiieati i- ve'er thought--oh, please, papa, forgive me!" Captain Danton resumed ihis walk ip uid down, Ihis anger softened at the sight of ther distre.ss. "Is it the tirst 'time this '.has occur red?" lhe asked, stopping again; "the truth Irose, I can forgive anything but a lie." "'Yes, .pal)b." "You never have been there tie fore?" ".Xo, never!" Again he re.sumed ahis sallk, and again he stopped before ther. "Why did you go 'ast night?" ........ (To be continued.)____ 