Sbe GhoBt of Brigalow Send. [By Wandereb ] (Author of " Diamond Cut Diamond," " Vengeance is Mine," etc.) CHAPTER II. Barely half an hoar of daylight remained when I rode into the dealing in which the deserted humpy stood. Ab my gaze rested on its dark, weather-stained walls, and then travelled round the belt of dull greyish-green scrub which shut out tlie last level rays of sunshine, my heart grew chill, and a shiver, such as is said to seize one when a stranger treads on the spot destined to be one's grave, shook mo from head to foot. For an instant a feeling of actnal bodily terror took possession of me, then, with a laugh—somewhat forced, I must confess—at my childish weakness, I sprang from my borse, and unbuckled the swag which I had carried before me on the saddle. Gathering all my trapB in my arms I advanced to tbe hut, and, pushing open the crazy door, which drooped mournfully from one hinge, stepped boldly across tbe threshold. Instantly there came a startled " hoot, hoot 1" followed by a rushing and scurrying as a whole colony of paddymelons rushed past me, running against my IegB and falling over each other in their mad haste, while a huge white owl scared oat of bis dull wite by my sudden entrance, flapped through the doorway nearly knocking my hat off as ho went, felt inclined to drop my load and run, but I had screwed my courage to the sticking point, and, presently, when quiet was re stored, I placed my baggage on tbe ricketty old table, and went outside to unsaddle my horse. In five miniates bad hobbled him out with ono ring, and gathered an armful of wood for my fire Then, taking my quart pot, sad the biiiy which I had brought at tbe cook's suggestion, I descended tbe sloping bank and filled them out of the river which ran, dark and sluggish, around tbe bend. My horse had already made his way to the water, and was now climbing up the bank, nibbling at the green river grass as he shuffled along. He whinneyed a passed, and I paused to pat his firm, glossy neck, feeling, as even I had never felt before, the bond of sympathy and companionship which so clossly unites the busbman and his faithful slavo. The man of cities and civilization can never really know bis borse. It iB only in the mysterious solitudes of the bush that biped and quadruped are so drawn together that each unconsciously assimilates certain of the other's nobler qualities, and thus arrive at a perfect understanding. In a very short time I had such a fire going on the wide hearth as had not been seen there for many a year ; in fact, it was so fierce that I could scarcely get near it to lift ofi. my quart pot, when I had made tbe tea. It made the old shanty hot and close, too, but it looked cheerful; and besides, I wanted to smoke out any stray snake or centipede that might be planted in the chimney. While the blaze leaped high I took advantage of its light to sweep the dust ofi a rude bunk which ran along the wall facing the door. I had half a mind to take my blaoketB outside when I saw the accumulation of dirt and cobwebs on which I had to tie. It would have been mnch pleasanter—ue I had told the cook—to sleep in the open, with a good leafy tree to keep the dew off, but then I thought of the ridicule which awaited me on my return to the station if I allowed the white feather. There was nothing for it but to go through with my fielf'imposed penauce—it was more like purgatory in that atmosphere—bo I made my bed on the unuavory bunk, with my saddle for a pillow. As I unrolled my blankets out dropped the bottle of whisky, which up till that moment I had clean forgotten, (rood oid Andrew Usher! Never did the sight of your familiar name bring deeper satisfaction to the most inveterate " swiper" than it brought to me that Christmas Eve! I had a corkscrew in my pocket-knife, and, in less time than it takes to tell, I was reviving my drooping spirits with a " first-mate's nip"—four fingers, and "damn the water!" "Aba J" I exclaimod, rubbing my epigastric region with one hand, while I hold aloft my pannican with the ether, "'Come one, come all,' as one of those poet Johnnies says ; coiuo the whole population of shadow-lsnd, they Bhall not see me blench ; no, not if ' auld Clootie 1 himself Jed tliern on, with horns, hoofs, and fierypointed tail complete ! Gee whiz! what's that ?" ae a ralile of chains followed by a long-drawn sigh camo from just outside the door, tilling m?, despite my bravado, with that indeBcribable sensation which thrills through the sleeper who awakes suddenly in tbe dead of night with the firm conviction that Something is in the room. Next inBtant my borse poked bis head through the doorway, and I felt inclined to kick myself. The poor brute, doubtless feeling lonely, had crept up to the hut unheard while I wbb buey with the fire, and it was the rattle of his bobble-chain as he mored a Etep nearer that had given me such a start. I gave him a pieco of damper, and rubbed his forehead while ho munched it, after which ho turned away contented and began to feed. There was a nice green shoot in the grass on the open space round the hut, so I knew he wouldn't stray far. After I bad eaten some bread and meat, washed down with a pint of tea, I tackled tbe piece of pudding, which I had warmen op ia the bi!lj\ Whether the cook hau made a mess of it in the first instance, or I turned it into a " sod" by boiling it a second time, I know not. Anyhow, I narrowly escaped losing two or three of iny front teeth In the first mouthful, 01), but it was solid I Still, 1 finished it When one is young, and a bushman to boot, one's digestive powers approximate to those of the ostrich, and, as I had in my time wrestled with oven tougher triumphs of the culinary art, I did not anticipate any ill results from my "set to : with thislmasterpiece. Another jorum of hot whisky, juet to assist in the disintegration of that awful duff, a fresh armfui of wood on tho fire, a fragrant cloud rising like incense from my old meer echaum—things began to look quite cosy, and, as I stretched myself on old Lanty'6 bunk, and watched the flames dancing up the great chimney, I felt as jolly and comfortable as a 'possum in a hollow log. I am usually a splendid sleeper, but on this occasion I wooed the drowsy god in vain. First I lay on one side, then on the other, then on my back, but it was no use—after two hours twisting and turning I was as wide awake a6 when I lay down. " It must be that infernal duff" I soliloquized, sitting up, and beginning to refill my pipe. "Perhaps I didn't take enough whisky to soften it ? I'll have another nip!" I bad another, and yet another, but sleep seemed as far c£ as ever. 1 could see I wss in for a wakeful night, so, having made up the fire, I lay down again with my basds behind my head, and— like another wanderer of old—" wished for tie day ?' All this time I was smoking, and as smoking begets thirst, I naturally moistened my throat from time to time, taking care—as I thought—to leave two or three nips for the morning. Picture my astonishment, therefore, when, on putting the bottle to my lips a little before midnight, to drink a merry Christmas to myself, I discovered that it wa6 empty ! I sat bolt upright, and held it to tbe light. Not a drop left I I couldn't have drunk it all 1 Surely I must have had a visitor. Perhaps tho ghost! I laughed loud and long as the idea struck me, throwing myself back on the bunk, and kicking up my heels in an ecstasy of mirth. Then my mood changed. " 'Pon my soul! it's a bit strong," I muttered, addressing the heap of embers on the hoarth. " If Lanty wanted a drink he might have asked for it like a man, instead of sneaking in and collaring it in this fashion. If the old reprobate would only show himself I'd quick tell biin what I think of him !" Ae I ceased speaking a Thing arose between me and the fire, misty and indistinct at first, then taking form and shape till its outlines slowed up clearly against the fiaining background. My eyes travelled slowly up from the patched moleskins and blue shirt—worn, in true " old hand" fashion, outside the trousers— till they rested on the face. My blood ftoze; my flesh crept; when I would have 6poken my tongue refused itB office and clung to the roof of my mouth. The Thing glared at me in silence, its deep set eyes glowing in their cavernous sockets like balls of fire. Then it raisad a shadowy hand, and, pointing to its skull, all bruised and battered, and covered with clots of blood from which a constant drip, drip fell to the floor, a sepulchral voice isBued from its pallid lips which lent a new horror to its fearsome presence. " Ye see the track o' yer bar, Slim Jim," said the voice. " Ye waited a long time for the opportunity o'settlin' me, ye crawlin', white-livered, cross between a Jew lizard an 1 a black snake ! but, dash ye to blank ! I've 'ad to wait longer for you. Where d'ye think I'm workin' now ? I'd *ave ye to know as I'm head turnspit in the Devil's kitchen, where I'll ave the pleasure uv roastin' ye, an' bastin' ye wi' vitriol an' brimstone, for ever an' ever, ye blasted cur! Me master's give me I leave of absence to come an' fetch ye, Ha, ha, ha! I was beginnin' to think as I'd never get tho chance to scour my 1 dover' on yer brisket, but it's come at last!" The Thing—Lanty's astral shape, as lis language e'oqueDtly proved—advanced towards me, a long glittering blade poised high above its head. I tried to scream, hut do sound came ; to lift my head, but every muscle was paralysed. Nearer aod nearer It came—I could feel its burning gaze scorching my very brain I Beside my bed It paused ; the upraised arm swung still higher; one last flourish of the shining steel, and then—Crash ! I rolled off the bunk on to tbe floor, with a yell that might have been heard at the head station, and grovelled there, gibbering like a maniac, and shaking like a dog in a wet 6ack, Every moment I expected to feel that horrible knife between my ribs, but tho blow never fell, presently I took heart of grace, and glanced fearfully around. I was alone! Of my ghosily visitor not a trace remained, save tho empty bottle and a strong smell of sulphur j Certain scoffers to whom I have told this "ower true tale" have received with nods, and winks, and would-be-witty innuendoes respecting the effects of too much whisky and plumduff mixed, but these be Philistines to whom aught a .vor ing of the supernatural is caviare. I am and always will be, positive that old Lanty's ghost paid me a visit. I could never imagine a light supper of plum pudding and good Scotch whisky capable of conjuring up ouch a liideouB vision and if I did find a hole burned in my blankets by tbe pipe which dropped from my panic-loosened jaws, it does not account satisfactorily—to me, at least— for the smell of brimstone, so suggestive of the culinary establishment in which tbe apparition claimed to be chef, THE END. 