[?] [?] [?] Edited by 'ViVIENNE.' MRS. WICK'S rus= ADVENTURE. , (COMPLETE SHORT STORY.) She was very, very stout ; but Archie, gallant little soul that he was, said he didn't care— he didn't care a twopenny ahem ! He was going to row her to the island if she was twenty stone, h'anged if he wasn't ! Twenty stone sounded, rather a large order in the mouth of a little bit' of a fellow who only just turned the scale at . nine when he was at his best — which meant, he protested, when he had gorged himself like a boa-constrictor and rushed full tilt to the weighing machine. So now, of course, they all laughed at him, and he, not at all of course, laughed back. But then a man' can afford to laugh when he is a host, and a baronet, and his foot on his native heath, that heath being full charged with grouse and well manured with i American, dollars. ' Sir Archie's widowed mother had brought them, and the very stout lady above alluded to was the widow's compatriot and early friend. To this fact some attributed a dutiful son's present resolution ; others said it was because he. was so small that he was boastful of tackling anything so big ; but the most believed in their hearts that the fair and only daughter of Mrs. William P. Wick was the true cause of Sir Archi bald's valor. Mabella was a lovely girl, and as it was already clear that the Kilconochies did not object to her nationality, what' more natural than chat the son should follow the father's example. 'Anyhow, I'm going to do it,' said the young man, alluding to the boating .'excur sion — not to any ulterior design, as to which, if he entertained it, he had the sense ?to be silent. 'I'm going to row the old lady, single-handed, too — at least,' a slight hesitation just audible— 'at least if she wall trust herself to me. Of course, she may funk it.' 'Oh, come, come ! No shirking, no back ing out!' They closed^ in around him, laughing and threatening. 'Shirking ? Who talks of shirking ? I'm not shirking.' The little bantam cock drew himself up, and strutted hither and thither vain-gioriouslj® 'It was not for myself,' protested he, shaking off his tor mentors ; 'I've said I'd do it, and I will do it,' with tremendous emphasis' ; 'but I am not going to frighten a woman. Don't you think it, you fellows. So, if Mrs. Wick asks me to take another oar with us I shall. So there !' Upon which there was no more to be said. The day was broiling ; not a breath stir red the glassy surface of the : loch, and the air quivered with electricity. 'It can't be done, Archie, my boy.' His cousin Hector gently pulled the boaster on one side. 'I say I've got to do it,' groaned Archie back. Hector nodded thoughtfully. 'Don't let them oome and see us off, ?that's all I ask,' petitioned, his cousin, thankful for a sympathetic ear. 'You tell t'hem not. Take me ?' 'All right. Oh, yes, I take you.' 'I couldn't stand it,' proceeded-. the little man, piteously. 'It's -not for. .myself, of course ; ' but I 'won't have my mother's friend and 'Miss Mabella' s mother;' signifi cantly, .'laughed at. Matoella is an awfully nice girl,'. He shot ; a glance. ^ 'Hector'. Cameron looked the other ;way. ' '^hybne of them , would be .glad to be civil to her,' appended Sir. Archie.''' 'I know.'. ' ' ? 'You would, yourself.' ?? 'I would'.' 'And she's rich ; she's a prize ; she's not for a poor man. . The two mammas ''have agreed as to that, Hector— ;oh, I - say, I'm awfully sorry ; didn't 'mean to be 'nasty, only yon. see ? . 'Oh, I see.' - . ' , Little Sir Archie chuckled . to . himself, as ?with a spasm upon his face the other moved away. 'I -thought so,' muttered he under his breath. 'Pctor old chap, but he 'has mot the ghost of a chance.. He knows it, too, that's, the worst of it ; . it makes him so deuced melancholy and interesting. They would be a handsome couple, -but — no, no; my boy, it's no go. Mrs. Wick would never trust herself to you in a small boat, not if you were to lie under the lea of the shore the whole day. Hi ! Hector,' he called aloud. .... Hector turned reluctantly. 'You see I'm in for it, but couldn't — couldn't you manage to .'come, too ?' whis pered Sir. Archje, insinuatingly. 'Just at the last, step in ? It would be nothing to a thundering big fellow like you, all muscle —but I don't mind owning that I did not bargain for the day's turning into such a swelterer. Here she comes ! Well done, Mrs. Wick,' in another tone. 'Not afraid of the heat ? /'Awfully plucky of you. We'll go down io' the boathouse then. Hector Cameron - will help us to get out' the boat. It will/ be rather hot, I'm afraid. We sJhati't go very fast, if; there's only me,' suggestively. Ten minutes afterwards the watchers from the windows beheld the little boat strike out into t'he loch, and there were three figures in it. 'He's done us !' cried one and all. 'Little brute !' muttered a jealous aspi rant, with a scowl. Jn the boat, however, all was good humor and unanimity. Mrs. Wick liked going faster than she had expected ; the day was certainly hot, and Mr. Cameron a better oarsman than his cousin. She lay at her ease — more at her ease than she could have been with only one little toiling, perspiring figure opposite — and as Mabella was not present to see how easily the fine, muscular athlete drew his stroke, an(J how cool he kept, while the poor little 'stroke' had to resort to many a device in order to gain a minute's breathing space, She granted to herself readily enough that Mr. Cameron's presence and«»assistance were welcome. Sir Archie, it appeared, was not at home in a boat — even his own boat. He' fidgeted with his feet, splashed with his oar, and showed himself grossly ignorant when something went wrong with his rowlocks. His cousin had to come to his assistance, and Mrs. Wick, . with her heart in her mouth, was thankful she had not entrusted herself to the solitary care of one so foolish. Supposing an accident were to happen ? , All went well, however, and the island was', reached in safety. 'You tote her round, Hector,' murmured' the host, aside. 'I'm dead beat. Must have a smoke, and a lie down.' Aloud : 'There's a view from the point up there, Mrs. Wick, which you ought to sec. My cousin ?will show, you 'the way. You'll excuse me, won't you ? I must have a rest,' with an emphasis upon the . 'must,' which was not lost upon the lady. | The color deepened on her cheek. 'He might have said outright he had been tow ing a hippopotamus,' muttered she. 'Oh, pray don't let me trouble either of you,' she cried aloud, in somewhat strained accents. . 'But I want to see the view, too,' said Hector Cameron, gently. He felt ashamed of his cousin. By the time the trio re- assembled Mrs. Wick had recovered her equanimity. She caught something, however, as she was preparing to step into the boat for the re turn, which again disturbed it, for she was now on the alert, and only fat people know how sensitive fat people can be on that ter rible subject. This was what the widow Overheard : 'Good Lord, Hector, I was a fool to let my self in for this. We've got here, but we shall be all night going home. You must do the work, for there is nothing left of me.' . . 'All night going home !' Rude creature. She could have hit him with her parasol, she felt so angry. She even began to won der if, after all, such a husband for Ma 'belle — or, rather, such a son-in- law for herself — would really be desirable ?? The little smirking wretch, to m'ake fun of her after leading her into such a strait ! And was it not his own proposition ? But for him she would never have thought of it. How pleasant and civil he had been when he talked of the beauties of the lake, and the view from the island, and how resolutely he had refused to listen' when she demurred to his undertaking so much exertion on hvr account. '''Serves him right to puff and blow now,' thought she fiercely, but she blushed with mortification nevertheless. Ail lier spirits were gone, and no one , sought to revive them. 'Well, we're here at last, thank Heaven,' cried Sir Archie, with unconcealed relief, when at last the silvery strand of. 'the main land was approached. 'I say, Mrs. Wick, wouldn't you like to be landed here ? It is such a long way round to the boat-house, and we could put you ,ashore easily on this point. And it's not the way up to the house,' he added, brazenfacedly, for it. was a very considerable way to the house, and he knew i't. 'I'll never go in a boat with him again as long as I live,'- cried -the insulted Mrs. Wick to herself.' 'And what's more, if he asked me for Mabella to-morrow — r-' but she. could not cuite go as far as to decide about Mabella. The next five minutes, however, did thi3 for her. Hector Cameron had brought the boat, to shore neatly enough ; it was not precisely an easy landing, but a little skill was all that was required ; and a stony headland which ran out into the shallow water was handy for the purpose. v 'Now, Mrs. Wick.' Sir Archie, all alac rity ('at getting rid of me,' the widow told herself), jumped up and offered his hand. ' 'Put your foot on the side of the; boat ? ' 'No,; no ; in -the middle — in the middlfe — . not the side!' cried his cousin, who was busy holding the boat's nose to the rocks— but it was too late. The next moment there was a splash, a gurgle, and but that ? they couldn't do it at the depth, the waters would.have closed over the hapless body of Mrs. William P. Wick. As it was, a portion of . her, and not a small portion either, still remained above the surface. ' But she. .was -wet through and . frightened toYde'ath,- and. ? Sir Archies ?; .laughed. His chances', ? if, even :he ' had desired -any o f the the fair ; Mabeila's'?hand, :-w6re extinguished 'for. -ever, by.' tliat laugh. '; The next, minute the .widow,- tears -.and1, paiint' running down her. cheeks, was.sobbing and gasping, in tha -arins-T-yesv . positively in .t'he .arms of that splendid, handsome, . kind-hearted, dear, dear young man— -she used to wipe; her eyes at this point when recounting .the .story 'afterwards— and, oh'! how he flew out at his cousin, and swore at him — that' hs did — shocking to hear ! But 'still, young men's tongues will break loose, you kpow, when ...their blood' is up- ; and to hear that little devilish imp with his he — -he— he !— (the narrator herself was not sparing of her epithets, as' may .be' seen)— to- hear Mm, and see him -grinding and dancing about Was enough , to. make a saint swear. .'And I dp declare I could have hugged the othfer, and what's more, I did,' cried she in conclusion, 'for he carried me— that's to say, he almost carried me, for I'm sure I couldn't have walked to save my life, right through the water, and set me down upon , the grass. I never was so thankful for anything as that grass, it was so nice and hot But Hector — you see I call him Hector now, for he's going to marry Ma bella, and with my hearty consent, for I'm sure Mr. Wick would have approved of her. having a gentleman, and a man with a. humane heart, and one who's likely to. turn into a real good husband, rather than a nasty, sniggering little whipper-snapper Whom I could nover bear to see touch my girl, even if he be Mary Kilconochie's son ; let me see, where was I ? Oh, my dear, you should have seen the pains and the anxiety with which he rubbed and dried me, all the time telling me not to mind, and not to be alarmed — and. taking shame -to him self for awkwardness — he that had never been awkward at all.' Leaning on 'the arm of her deliverer — of course, he was now her deliverer — the un fortunate lady finally crept up to the house. Everyone was out, and ? she reached . her mom safely, but. even there she fancied she heard the echoes of derisive laughter, and would fain never have beheld Sir Archibald Kilconochie's face again. It was not 'till the marriage, as well as the. engagement, was happily- accomplished, that, the truth came out. Sir- Archie was simply bursting 'to -tell it. 'Couldn't blab before,, you know. High- minded sort of begg'ar, my cousin ; and who knows how he might have taken it ? But -now that's all signed and sealed,, hang it all ! I think I ought to. get the credit I deserve.' . He had concocted the whole -scheme. ? In his kindly .little heart he had resolved to strike a bold blow on behalf of . a lover who ' was too obviously out of favor with the powers that be. . Haying no aspirations whatever in the same quarter, he was free to let his imagination run riot, and we know the result. ' 'Just let him have a chance of getting into the mother's good grajces,' reflected our astute schemer, 'and if he can't get into the daughter's for himself, my name's not Archie Kilconochia.' But though these are the plain facts of the case, neither of the ladies concerned ever knew. Sir Archie told his mother, who had been affronted on her friend's behalf, as well as perfectly bewildered by such un accountable behaviour on the part of her eon, but he solemnly shook his head at the idea of the Wicks' knowing. 'They would he sure, to thinj1. Hector was in it,' he said. Wherefore, he. preferred ';to sacrifice him self,. and be looked askance upon whenever he came across his hew .American cousins. Which I, for my part,, consider was but little short of heroic on . the part of Sir Arihie Kilconochie. — 'M. A;P .' 