Hidden From All Eyes. CHAPTER. Y. ' 8iok at- heart, Nolla Btumbled b«ck amongst tbe thorns- Tearing her skirt on tbe briars, sba hurried down the path with an, uncertain, blundering gait, asit Bhe were blindtoldecl, uoi- frey following hor with an evil smile upon his lips. 1 Why did you not upoak to him r 1 thought lie was a. great friond of jours !' _ . ' Because,' she said, trying to battle with her bitter pain, — 'because he was so well occupied !' _ ' He's a lucky follow ! Wi»h I had his chnnce 1' 'Oh dear 1 Mibb Somerville, lot us go home.' said Nella, piteoue y, when I hey reached rne p ace wnare m-j uuu 'oft her. 'X am so tired that I can scarcely stand.' ' Miss Maynard has seen a tableau vivant in the wood, and it has been too much for her.' ' She looks as if she had seen a ghost ? What have you done to her Godfrey V ' I ? Nothing ! dome for a stroll, Weta. If we find Miss Maynard 's friend we will tell him she is waiting for him.' . . Tell him what you like ! shn said, coldly. ' 1 should like to hev> an op portunity of congratulating him on his choico !' But when their books wore turned she stole into tho deeiost iccesseB of the wood, and all necessity for con cealment having vanished with their inquisitive eyes, . flung, herself down' on the mossy ground, and cried aloud in her agony. To see him standing but a few yards from her, in all the pride of his manly beauty nnd vigour — to see that, the glances of his kindly hluo nye, tbe kisses af HTs audacious lips, tho wishes and the tenderness of his honest heart, were all for another ! To think she should stand by un- notieod whilst Oiril Yere, her play fellow, friend, and cousin, devoted all his attontion to someone else ! Rha had not prized them half enough when they were her. own undisputed property, but now that . they were claimed by another, sho felt that the world was scarcely big enough to con tain her vain regret. 'Heaven help me!' she sighed, putting tier rumen nair oaca rrom ner fnco. ' I was lonely enough before, and now I am utterly frietii' less. He might huve told me something of it, and not kept me in the dark. We were nlways such friends— never mean ing anything but to make it lip as Boon as wo could. And now— now— he won't care if I am cross or not p he. won't look for me when he / trolls out to haven smoke in the garden. He won't think of me when he pulls out his cigar-case, because she n sure ' to give him a much better one. He won't — he won't do anything that he used to do in the dear old times.' Tears frickled down her choekfi, as she laid her head on noushion of moss. Tired out by her long ride, and over come by the emotion she had suffered since, she fell asleep, nnd f.ireot her sorrows in dreams of utterly unattain able joy. Godfrey Sbmerville roamed about the ruins, trying to content himself with tho simple adoration of his cousin ; but although ho told himself that he hated her, his thoughts per petually roamed to / thn girl whose hoirt had bocn like an open b 'olc to him that summer afternoon, He won dered when his back was turned if she would throw down her tiny little mo»k and ory hor eyes out when there was no one there to see. Mota found him silent and pre- occunied. bat it waB hnnninees enough for her to walk by his side, to listen to his stray remarks, or even to watch his yawns. In her simple heart Godfrey was the reigning sovereign, and, Vlilto tbe Roy alists of old, she thought the king could do no wrong. She claimed nothing from hira in return, and. found an nil-sufficing reward in his somewhat patronising affection. , "Whilst they were wandering . abou t from one delightful, viow to another Nulla Blept on, uhcousoimis of every thing, with a. smile on her pretty lips, two dewdrops on her lashes — uncon- soious even when .Cyril Vers came striding through the undergrowth, looking to right and left with eager glances, till ho stopped- short with a suppressed exclamation of delight, and a gleam of joy in his eyes. There at his feet she lay, looking ns innocent in her puro. unsullied beauty as if ehe had dropped down like a snowfiske from theoljuds. A great wave of tenderness swept over his heart, involuntarily ho put out hie arms. 1 Mr. Voro I' Mr. Vero !' came in imperative accents from tho level lawn where the carriages were drawn up" at the edge of the wood, followed by , a deep voice, ' Come obhg, old fellow, are you ging to keep: ue waiting all day ' ./ Ho hesitated. A look of infinite longing onne into his eyes. ' Self-denial is the pauper's duty !' he murmured, bitterly, :as lie bent down and took n faded rosebud, from the front of lier dress. Qer bosnra heaved with a deep, sigh, her lips parted . - : (To bo Continued,) . 