MUS. LORISON'8 LOVE AFMIR. ?f- By GRACE HARDING, ., Author of -(Tl\o Cardinal Sin.' „ OHiVi-TER VII. — (Continued.) ,'iWell, what is it' I must know oM? ''.You may think me a fool, but I swear that a moment afterwards, as I was walking away with Rosamund, I turnod back, and I saw a strange man— a man bonding over tho body I' 'Wiinrf' o'liiinwf clirinlrnfl Vonniilna 'A man bonding over tho bodyl 'Why, that will mean your salvation] If — if it could only be proved that, you were not tho last to touch him, there would be hopo I Ah, but was it tho policeman?' 'No, it was no policeman. It was a ghostly figure — a most uncanny sight. I onn never quite desoribo it,' 'Oh, rot, man I You renlly must keep, a clear head I What do you mean?' 'Well, as far as I could make out in the lightning-glanco I gave him, the, fel low might have been an Arab or a Hin doo. He had a long sort of cloak ; not exactly a burnoose, rather more Euro pean thnn that, I fancy. But he wore a turban — I could swear to the turban. I only saw the figure and face in sil houetto, and tho mist was thick. But either a ghost or a living man it was, ihat I pear, or — or I was mad I' YcnnbJcB paced tho cell, his brow puckered, his hands tightly . clenched. Ho was thinking out a problem. Sud denly his whole- line of reasoning had taken another turn. 'A Hindoo!' ho musod. 'By gad! a Hindoo, and — and Lorison just back from India! Hang it, man, I must see Mrs. Lorison at once. The blackguard comes from India! Why, man, there are vast possibilities!' 'You think so — you think so?' cried Jack Paget anxiously. 'Sure of it— sure of it!' 'Then go, and God bless' you, old friend ! Whatever you do for me, save her — save- Rosamund at all costs I Keep her put of this!' 'I'll do my best, that I can assure you. And I'll be back as soon as I oan, By tho way' — ns ho turned to take his jeavo— 'whore's Mrs. Lorison?' ? 'How oan I tell'' I loft her at tho Grosvenor ; but by what you say, and what vjihoy seem to know — confound them all! — they may have got her, ,j.n, the cells already,' '? 'I think not,' said Roger Venables, °or thei inspector would hnye told m-«' 'Then you think there- is time-~you think you can save her?' cried Jaok, Venables thought for a moment, and then a low wiiiatlo escaped his pursed lips- ? ' . ? 'It's beastly risky,' he mused bo neath.his breath.; 'but I'm hanged, if I won't do it I' Then, aloud ; -.'Leave, it to mel Good-byo, old man I' .. . Tho barrister passed rapidly through tho police station. ? ? ? ? 'I shall bo bads again soon,' he said to tho inspector. . 'Thovo had beon a terrible mistake hove,' he added, and watched tho njan's face for the effeot of his words. ?' - \ 'You think so, s'r?' said' the official, . 'Qn'tain of it; but, of course, that's i\othl\iff. to do with you,' ''Of course, sir— of course I' ? : ''By Ihp way,' remarked Vonnbles , coolly, 'T think I heard the constable say :. something about a woman who was sup posed to be seen in the company of the prisoner.' '?Yes, sir ; a woman was with him, ftnd.-r-' 'At least, that is what you say,' oor reoted Venables, with «? bland smile, The inspeotor shrugged his shoulders dop'reeatingly. 'She's not in oustody yet, sir, but two men' have gone tb the Grosvenor Hotel to arrest her,' 'I hope they'll find her,'.' he said, with another bland smile, , 'It's a be'aBtly mess altogether 1 I shall be back in a few minutes.' f'Vevy good, air,', answered . the in spector,, a little 8m lily. Venables found a cab, and leapt into it. ? ; ? . 'Grosvenor Hotel!' he Baid sharply to the oabman, It was not tho wisest thing to do, this ; but he was going to run the risk. ? ? ? Tho hour was nearly 2 o'clock a,m, At the hotel there was quite a little disturbance, and the barrister had some oonsidorablo difficulty in gaining any information. One thing. ho saw, and that wa& enough for his purpose, He waa too late ! The police had been be fore him. They had arrested the strange lady who had but an hour ago gone to Room No. 120, and given the name of ;Mrs, Lorison. They had driven off to, the station ten minutes ago, and tho night- offloiala of the great hotel were in a fever of excitement. That was in ef feot what Vonables learnt, and, with his brain awhiri with a thousand thoughts and complexities, he walked quickly back to the station. ' On the first blush the case against poor old. Jack was very dear — horribly clear, They could not do much to the girl j but to Jaok — yes, it was undeni ably awkward, The police would ferret out all the facts— tho engagement be tween Jaok and Rosamund, her previous marriage, the identity of tho murdered man, There wrb even a motive estab lished immediately. There was one hope— the mysterious person Jack had seen. If that amounted to nothing well, it looked black indeed'! . 'But something must be donel Oh, say you will save him !' cried Rosamund ?Lorison, as she seized Venables's hand a few minutes afterwards. Roger's lips tightened. 'You have been through a great deal, Mrs. Lorison,' he said, 'and there may be muoh more trouble in store for you. I oannot tell ; but I am sure you are not tho woman to give way— you are not tho woman to let your feelings get the mastery over you, ... You, are going to be brave, are you not— very brave?' 'I am going to do my best,' she said, 1 '-' 'Then let me explain the position.' I am, in-th'e. first case, acting as a lawyer, and therefore 'I must be very careful, you understand, Now, please tell me, in as few words and in as simple a man 'ner as you can, the whole history. Keep nothing back. Poor old JaolJ Has just told me all he can ; now you must let me know the rest. Hugh!'— with a quick look round, 'Speak softly.'1 .Summoning all v the self-control at her command, Rosamund Lorison told the s^ory, and Venables listened closely, oe* oaaibnally making notes in his pocket book aa she went along. 'Now, Mrs. Lorison, have you any reason to 'suspect that your husband has a Hindoo servant in England, or has had any recent con nection with an Indian — a native of any sort/?' 'As far as T know, he had no one here, and whethorhe has hnd any connection with a native T oivnnot possibly tell,' she replied wonderlngly. 'Of course, I am ?not certain, When he met me at Hal lowdone station, I, tried to out him j but hs got into the same compartment with mo, and talked a lot' in tho strain I have already told you, When wp got to town on that terrible night he refused to leave me.. What was I to do? . I threatened to apply to the police for protection, but ho gave me such a look that I was too frightened, Oh, I am ft great Qoward, Mr. Vomibles— a terrible coward I Well, the end of it waa he got me rooms at the hotel next door to him in Craven street, and when he left me' for the night —it was early morning though— I did not go to bed, I simply ran away, I only wanted to hide— to get away. I cannot explain how I felt, I- ? ' 'I think I oan understand,' said Ven atyes, sympathetically, 'But, as I have told you, he found me again ; but I have never seen him with, anybody, However, now you. know all there is to be told, and everything de pends upon you.' 'Keep your spirits up, Mrs. Loriston,' said Roger Venables. 'Of course there will bo a remand ; but no doubt you will be discharged. They cannot very well do anything olse, can they? Now, briefly tho linea I shall take up, if it ia neces Bary, are as follows^— it may seem deceit ful, but listen: Apparently nobody knows of the existence of Fergus Lorison but ourselves. Ho has been living un der an assumed namo. Now, wo do know him! Do you understand? It is for the police to tell ua who he is! You havo never seen him before ! You un derstand?' 'Must I perjure myself, then?' 'Yes j to save him!' said the lawyer, But he. felt very uncomfortable. 'But why not tell the truth, and the whole truth? Why not let them know everything? — let them hear the whole scandalous story — how he attacked me, nnd how Jaok defended himself and my self? Surely— oh, surely, there is justi fication?' 'After all, upon my soul, Mrs. Lori son, I believe you are right. Yes j ,we will tell the truth, and trust to the jus tice of the case! Now, bear up. I shall see you the first thing in the morn ing, and then we shall know better. Keep your own counsel. Say nothing, Good bye I' 'Good-byo, and God bless you I' said Rosamund, All that night Roger Venables spent iu going over the oase in all its bearings, and when the morning came his clerk found him still making notes and pour ing over great law-books. 'We're in for a big day to-day, Brown low,' he said. 'Yes, sir; but I thought to-morrow was the .First,' , 'Hang the First I I've got a case at tho Westminster for murder, and it's go ? ing -to- bo- oneof the uensationa-oL J:hc.. year I' 