ON DIT That the request of Colonel Eraoa fo r artillery recruits should be heartily responded to. That the colonel himself is a good mfii* tery example for eitizans to follow. That Launoaston ia taking proper and infeliigaot praoautiont to guard against the bubonio plague; That tba two newly-alerted members for Ltunceaton will sit on the Opposition aide of tbe Hoose. That the general election hoc not strengthened the Ministerial position i That a strong ( leader would soon scatter both Ministers and Opposition* That the much- needed etroag man ha* not yet made his appearance. That the oitizeni should insist upon the Municipal Council taking some steps in regard to the bubonic plagus. That if the disease never Miches hers BO harm will be dose by cleaning too city. That H obsrt is the only Australasian capital which has not dons anything to combat the plague, T hat tbe ordinary prcoautioui of olft&li;* ntSB should at least be Ukeu* T hat a select and aristocratic few in Hobart make desperate efforts to “ ran tbe whole show." That litely this particularly exnlusir* few have been rather overdoing it. That tbe reialt is that tbey find them* selves in a reclining position. That it is to be hoped that the impetuosity of some hon. members and the viodictiveoesB of others will not lead to the revival of ghosts of th s past. That if the game is once commenced a phantom army will appear upon to* That some of the ghf>st*--now happily £oTgoUeu-*will b* particularly ancient, That tbe saying, “ W hat it sauce for goose is sauce for gander," has some* times to ba applied in Parlissnsntary affairs. That tbs public hope that discretion will once more be recognised as to* better part of valor. T hat eome member of the Assembly ehoald aek whether Littlejohn has been supplied with geod old port in tbe H ebert Gaol. That the authorities m ustbs getting too man “ f it" for another bolt. T hat iu this case the Tegular gaol authorities are free from blame. I hat they did not proicribe ths luxuris*. That tbe old adage* ” Circumstances alter cases," applies in politics kb w*U as other things. That (he rabid W iltahira hosts now demand that Oaptain Miles should be expelled from the Assembly. That theie same purists never thought of demanding tbs sxpuiaiou of H r Aikeuhead when he made hip reappearance in the Assembly. T hat co on* imagined (hat they should have done so, since M r Aikenhszd received a fresh credential of membership. That Oaptain Miles has dons the tame thingi That if the classic Hulcahian crowd are going to dive into past history the process will he given a particularly wide scope and extended application. That it will possibly extend away back beyond the era of responsible government. T hat several defendants have been ucBjinaiiy fined at the Police Oourt for Deglectiog to have their names affixed te thsii vehicles. That many people are under the impression that the law providing penalties for such omissions hod bssn repealed. That the poiioe could be more profitably employed in discovering greater offences that are eommitted in the city. That U r Bhaw, P.M ., informed • defendant that tbe Act is in force almost alL aver the British Dominions. That a deputation from B elttna waited upon the Premier to protest against a quarantine station being established (hers. T hat Mr Lewis remarked that they knew of tba quarantine station when they want to live there, and took the risk. That this is ths argument of an attorney rather than a statesmen. That the safety of tbe people should be tha first consideration of a Minister That this consideration was not illustrated by the attempt to quarter pUgat patients at the Cascades near the city water tnpply. T hat the cost of sanding sway Tasmanian cdDtingsnta up to date is a trifle over £20,000, I hat oomplsinti are still rolling in about th s new issue of pottage sump*. That a rat hunt organised ou the wharf yesterday proved m failure* That the quarantine station a t B a n e s 't Bay is in a bad state of repair* That local historians say to st for sometime it bos been used aa a oaar hemes. That the OeDtral Board of Health htTO been advised to charter the PS* Monarch for a hospital ihip. T hat it will cost more than the value of the vessel to make her fit forplagua , patisntS) T hat tbe old Derwent H unter would prove more suitable for the purpose* T hat Lieutenant-Colonsd Evans is inviting artilleryman to enliat for tha three years aa soldiers of ths Quean* That Sergent-Major M ean is doing exoellent work. T hat applications are rolling in for the position of Sergeant-at-Arms. That tbe Women's Christian Temperanea Uaioa it doing exoellent work. _ That the President of toe Union in her address referred to the war in Bento Africa. That she admired tb edaid i of daring and endurance wrought by the British soUtere, aud hoped th at to t war would come to a speedy and honorable termination. Tbat some of the members ex p ren td views of a strong Pro-Boer character* That this sort of thing will not tend to popularise tbe Union, That some of the audieuoe m u rm w d " Shame." T hat M rs Wilkins, the President of to* Looal Branch of the Worsen A Christian Temperance Union, if • levelheaded women. .... T h at it is a pity that there ore not mow like her in toe community.. That her bump of benevolence is strongly Th.|dt o » j 4 « J “ k*4*>7 the Government to purchase honed for toe Imperial Bushmen's Oofitm- ThsMbere ia not * batter judge of b oneflesh down south than M r Fags. That tbe Houoted Infantry Corps a ta in tip-top fettle. That Lieutaoont Georgs Steward Is responsible for (his. T hat the Commanding Officer of the Bushmen's Contingent will be a mail n trifle over the thirties. T hat whale oil in 1648 brought £68 IBs a ton. T hat whalebone was sold in toe s**r year at £210 per ton. T hat tbe foondatiou-stoueof " Ohnato was laid <**' 