?THE CLEANSING FIRE. CHAPTER IX.— Cojtnbed. Desmond and Hilda broke into a simultaneous exclamation o£ sympathy and sorrow, and the rector, who hud led the wav into the cottage, contin ued, ' Her end was veryftpeacoful — so peaceful that we ought to re joice, rather than grieve when we think upon it. She died early this morning ; before daybreak, indeed. I was with her. Now I have called in again to see the poor mother, who is well nigh heartbroken. She is much calmer, and, I think, will per haps be able to get a little sleep, of j which she stands in sore need, after * her long nursing. A good neighbour is with her, so she will be cared for and comforted. Now, my child ' — turning to Hilda — ' would you not wish to look upon your friend for the last time ? You need not fear ; thore is nothing to either alarm or agitate in her appearance ; she simply looks as though she were asleep. You too, Mr. Desmond.' They followed him into the next apartment, where, upon a snow-white bed,, lay the body from which the spirit had so lately fled. As the rector had said, there was nothing in her aspect to alarm or agi tate. She lay like one asleep ; the closed eyelids bearing a look of un nutterable peace, and the pale lips seemed to be faintly smiling. ' I have seen many death-beds, but none so calm as hers,' remarked the rector. ' She died at peace with heaven, and at peace with all the world. You know her history — you know how cruelly she was wronged. Even that wrong she forgave, pour inq: forth on her betrayer a pardon for which he had never even had the penitence to nsk. She spoke of him almost ' with her last breath. 'Yon are mv wi^n^s, sir,' she said, ' how frpp'j I ft' L'iv-1 him.' ' '?\Vhir! e niM -.h ? f .'jvc hi.ii?' oxd ii'M'l 'Ti'd' ,i'i n mi n»nr. -; i N r .!- * , i ? ' '? h -Jfi-ir''^' ' .'. youu^. ' My dear child,' he adid, ' you are young arid know but little of the great need for more mercy and for giveness and love in human kind. But I am an old man, and have seen the world in many aspects. I hnve seen much of sorrow an i ;ii sin. ;intl,I know of nothing I ??? of nothing whnsj i;..i-;r, .u o more evil, than an unforgiving spii it and a hard, relentless heart. Always remember, my child, that if a sin is not too great for a human being to commit, it is not too great for a fel low human being to forgive.' Hilda did not. answer by a single word; she could not. In that still dead presence which seemed, by its peacefnlness, to rebuke all human strife, with Desmond's eyes upon her, and with her own conscience whisper ing reproaches in her heart, she felt too deeply touched, yes, and too deep ly humbled to utter a single word. All in a moment there came upon her a conviction that she 'had been wrong to be so cold and hard. That poor dead girl had forgiven the betrayer, who, as the rector had said, had never been penitent, and had never sought her pardon. Ought not she, then, a thousand times more, freely to have forgiven Desmond, whose sin had not been nearly so great, and whose penitence had been so earnest and sincere ? With a subdued and deeply-moved heart she left the chamber of death, and she was spared the embarrass ment of being alone with Desmond by the rector's offer to walk home with her. CHAPTER X. How was the relationship between Noel and Hilda to end ? That was the question Hilda ask ed herself daily, hourly. Granted that he had repented, could he ever be quite sure that she would forgive him so utterly that the 'horror, with which he had inspired her that . terrible night in Wales would ever pass away ? » Can a woman ever really love a man whom she has once ceased to re ? ! spect ? Or, granted that she can love such a man, is the love in ques tion worthy of the name, or is it some fancied pinchbeck feeling pos sessed of no real value ? ;'Meauwbile Desmond found more achtply, every /lay Hint; if Hilda. did not bee '? Vs w'f'V' lif ' jvonM n--^. sess no v 1 ?? ' '' '? . , Inrlflfi'!, n.v.y ,.'? ' . . ?.,?'..???? -.: of snicidf cm R, '.',:;':' - r -?'- - templatod thV yp'ss' l-,i ; i i \ ol : iii .- lu.si .'ijr Hilda for life. Ho had repented, he had reformed, but the old- Adam was strong within1 :him still, and ho felt ;; t-«at in order 'to obtain her he would .'o to' any length and commit any fai/lt— sin even. ? jlj\ never paused to look into the future ?^?e ^a^ novel- professed to be a phik-*V-I*«- £or him , the /]a.y was all-suh^crent He repented of lm inisbehaviom— -s sm~}^ °'mo. ,lf you will ; and .ho was willing to make Hilda his wife-nay. ^ ™s the dream and end of his existence He took life roughly, as he had overdone. He could not revise that his actions had deprived him d the power to compel that respect for the husband which every wife must possess if she would be happy With her husband through years. Indeed, it may be advanced as an unquestionable fact in domestic life that, if the wife does not respect her husband, it is impossible that the household cun be a happy one. There was the difference, then, be tween Hilda and Noel Desmond. He repented of his intention of ill towards Hilda. He loved her, and ho wished to marry her. What, from his point of view, could be more simple and more evident of his regret for what had occurred than that they should be made husband and wife ? But on Hilda's side the case was different. As day followed day, she could not avoid the conviction that, did she marry Noel, the ghost of the past would rise up between them and keep them apart. She loved him us dearly as over ; but she doubted if she would show her love for Noel by marrying him. She almost experienced the conviction that she would prove her endless love for Desmond by absolutely refusing to marry him and by persisting in that refusal. Things were in this condition when Sir John Canning said one morning to his granddaughter, after breakfast, ' My dear Hilda, can I intrude upon your time for perhaps half an hour in the library, where we shall not be dis turbed ? ' Certainly, grandfather.' She had not the least idea of the mine which was about to be exploded upon her. When Sir John and his grand daughter were seated in the library, the baronet. showed obvious signs of trepidation ; but, recovering himself, he said, ' Hilda, dear, I need not tell you that I am an old man.' ' Oh, grandfather, I am sure that you have very many years to live yet ! Do not speak iu that strain ! ' ' I must. dear. As an old man, I know that it must happen sooner or later that we must part. These ^states and the title go to a distant cousin, and the land has been so un orofittble for so long that I have not b:»en able to save any large sums of on v. I have put back into the i tl ,]) ?),,. j '??, k out of it, ? ?'? ? -'lilrH-.'ss' j iii l L.iu », ... i).- y jiii's ; but it will not be enough to '--keep you* in* comfort, my dear Hilda. Oh, had'il known of your e\istence as soon as you came into the world,' you should not be without foitune, when I lay down the buiden of life-': . ????.. 'But thing= arc .is they are, and all li' frilKwv i'i fch' world will not alter ?i. ? '? i n .'.rises; What is \- ii .1 i.i ' [have 'ans'ivuretl-that' question bj the \try siuipleiaiguuient that I must devote myself to your marriage.' ' Ah, no, grandfather ! ' she cried. 'A fitting man has pleaded a re quest for your hand, my dear grand daughter, and it remains for you to decide how you will behave.' ' I refuse, dear grandfather.' ' But you do not know the man— at all events, as a lover.' .'.?..? 'I do— Idol' ?:.*?? ' No ; he has never spoken a word* of love to you, Hilda.' - ' ; ' No ? Then who is the man ? ' ? - ' Lord Broughton Hawes.' ' Is it possible ?' 'Not only possible, but .quite cer tainly a fact. It is true that he is fifteen years your senior, but good old, Aristotle declares that there should be* this difference between the husband' and the wife. Mind, Hilda, I don't; fall back upon the philosopher. I; know Broughton Hawes to b° one of the best men in the world — gentle,; patient, homely, loving ; indeed, just such a man- as I would have you wed.' * ' But, grandfather suppose I do not wish to marry ? ' ' Then you should have some good reason. Believe me, dear Hilda, the woman who can marry well, and who refuses to take a husband, is laying up for herself a score of sorrows.' ' ' Indeed, dear grandfather ? Now, I have seen some very kind and happy spinsters in my time ! ' 'I do not say that you have not, my dear granddaughter, although I know' you will permit me to suggest that my experience is many times the length ' of yours. 'Yes ; as a rule, the life of an unmarried and unprotected woman is not a happy one.' ' Surely that depends upon herselt, granrlfnther ? ' ' Not necessarily ; she will find herself pursued by every worthless adventurer whom she comes across — men who never have worked, who never could work, and who look to a rich marriage to redeem their fortunes, precisely as the owner of a mine swculates upmi the mine s^on*'1 '--? '?i.'''- hirnin1? out to lv ? f !?????. '' .*.?;? ???,, .-,.,. uir-lhiT. YOU tV'VV I) :?.?:. ?? imi-..1i ! ?- s%y tlll'-I u.:l\\] \K-\V ? .'Hii riph ;whm) you ieajftV us — and. fl pray daily that that 'may not be for very many, many years — so that ;I could not be the prey of the fortune-' . hunters.' ?;,-,,?? ?, . i .:*:,?; .!?;-?.? ?;.-;, y r ,.; _s - - '?? '?? ' Worse and worse,. my dear 'Hilda, for the poor spinster discovers a worse thing than that of being hunted for her money ; she may discover that she is looked at -with 'indifference „%. all men because she is;pooiv SndSwith contempt *by most women ; 'because,, being poor, she has not contrived to find a husband;';- ;. .;:; hi..:..^:'?..*. *^; 'Dear gramlfathor, I' know; ', of course,, how wide is . your experience, but I do not think I shoulcl be one of the despised and neglected old maids. I can live quite happily within myself; and there are always the poor to holp . — I mean really help ; I do not mean a mere pretence of assistance.' ' Hilda, bp frank with me. You Keo it is my misfortune not to have watched your life. -That has not baen my fault or yours, but, tint 'f yv luckless father. I say, bo frank wiMi me.' Do you love anyone whom you would desire to bo your husband ? ' She made a long pause before she replied, very slowly, ' No ; I am not acquainted with anyone whom I could accept as a husband.' ' Have you ever been in love, my dear Hilda?' ' Yes, grandfother.' ' Was he a gontleman ? ' ' I thought him one once.' ' Did he prove himself a rogue?' ' I won't say that.' Where is he ? ' ' Pray, grandfather, ,do not ask me any more questions.' ' I must. All this is a mattor of life and death to you and me. Is he dead ? ' ' He is dead to me.' ' Has he in any way wronged you ? ' \-- No' — very slowly answered. '' Shall you ever see him again ? ' '' Yes ; I think so.' '' Do you believe that he will ever resume his dominion in your heart? ' ' No ; never.' ' How can you be sure of that ? ' 'Because, in spite of all my sense of mercy, of my love of pardon, I do not think I could ever respect him.' ' Very well ; then we will say no more about him. Let us turn our at tention to Broughton Hawes. Do you dislike him ? ' . ' No ; but I never looked upon him as a suitor.' ' Dd you at once refuse him ? ' ' ' Grandfather, I am afraid tha' marriage is distasteful to me.' 'But you do not definitely refuse Lord Hawes?' / : ' Gramlfasher,' you . most not in volve m? in any logical labyrinth.' ?'Id- hot wish to do so much. B\\\ I want v-m to b?ar iri.inind thatlhav not had thn advantage ,)f knowing yir all my life, that' I can,; only,: guess your cha'icter ; andl usjnrey -n Hi it is my dvip :ind.:,' iirich'-ingeable :c:)- . viction-tha- y-vir^'^r-r^?: wi^'i/L-. .? R'inghtoh*..TT.r *??'?'? .- -':. '*????*: ':'i.- : .??',: ?.:/vo jii Uc ??! : : :???? ?'?-* --:' ?;-'.??' : ??^?::;.-, *' ; ^rv.life.;.',; -,.- , -. ;.;;: ??;??. .*.;,;, -:' ; ; - .?'.' ;iV',.'(To, be Continued). ': . ,-?' 