MISCELLANEOUS VERSES. A BALLAD OF THE BKEELONG BLACKS. Through England's fields tticy hunt the fox, In Scotland the deer cha6e they; In Ireland they whip the salmon loehs From the dawn to the dusk of day. And India's sportsmen stick the pig And follow the tiger's tracks; But where on earth is a sport as big As hunting the Breelong: Blacks? For the gamest fox must e'er long be cooked, And the deer lasts a day at most, And the heaviest salmon that ever was liooked Must soon give up the ghost; And the galloping Arab soon beats the boar, And the man- cater soon cries ' rax! But men must go, as they go to a war, To hum for the Breelong Blacks. We British are fond of a bit of a blow. And none but a fool would doubt That in hunting men we are none too Blow, . And have something to blow about. We've collared Pashas and Mandls and Chiefs, And Generals and Kings by packs, And Chinee cut-ihroats and Beloocb cnie&— But where are tlie Breelong Blacks? You need a quarter million of men When a country of Bows you hunt; But hew many coppers are wanted when You've a couple of blacks in front? The bova in blue, they're- out by mobs And no child but the bush he whacks; 0, it's one of the merriest, niuadhngiest jobs, This chasing a couple of blacks. They track them down, and they see them plain, They run them from tree to tree; But the Breelong Blacks still proudly maintain That their land is ihe land of the free. The Parliament payeth the Force full well, And the Public payeth the tax, And the 'traps' get a lot of it, so men tell, But they don't get the Brcelong Blacks. Tes, the Estimate's heavy— or, bo we're told— But 6till liang a reward must we Before men's noses— men msy see gold, Though Governors lliey don't see. Though the Governors sec some of them, at least, They see a lot of their backs; Still of course, the laud's very poorly policed— And there are two Breelong Blacks! They tell us that foemen threaten our shore, That they'll inarch to our mountains blue; So let's hope blue mountains are useful more Than men of a similar hue. For at present we're feeling somewhat alarmed, As, though scrub and ridges and tracks Are alive with polict and 'civilians armed,' They can't deal with two Breelong Blacks. —Jingling Johnny, in the Sydney 'Daily Tele graph.' 