Shoots of ore. Latest crusbings : Mabel, 80 tons tor 26os retorted gold. Golden Gats, 400 tons for fBBot amalgam, from plates and ripples. Western's output for week ending May t, 616 tons ; marketable ore returned, 66 tons. A small ormhing plant for the Ben Lo mond Tungsten Company, at Ben Lomond, made in Melbourne, was sent up to the pro perty last week. ?- Steamer Googee took to Melbourne from Launoeston on ber last trip, two boxes of gold, containing £703os Bdwt ISgr, valued at £10,187 ISs Ipd, shipped by the Oommeroial Bank. The total prodnotion of (he Mount Lyell Company for the year ending May S, 1900, is -W16 tons copper, 771,047o« silver, and SS.lOBos gold, of an approximate value of £918,166. About 8 tons of tin were raised in the St. Helens district lost week, and half that amount was from the Anonor mine. Bam is still wanted badly. Owing to tbe absence of the necessary water-power, the tin and gold returns for the last quarter were abont 12,000 less than the December quarter. North lit. Parrel) : The 14 tons 7owt of firsts sampled at the Pieman last week as sayed — Silver, 74ot ; lead, 61 per Oflnt {giv- ing a grosB return to the oompany of £19 16a 8d per ton, or £18 14s fid ne t at the Pie man station. This is the highest return yet reoeived. The seoond class ore is valued at about £16 per ton. Bright District and Smoko (Vic): Started ornahing again. Will put through about 60 tons. Tbe reef contains mineralised stone of a very promising character. Magnet i The last parael of 44 tons of are sent to Dspto, N\8.W., for treatment, as sayed as follows: — Silver, lOOos lfldwt 12gr ; lead, £8 6 per cent ; gold, ldwt 18gr per ton. The price of tin ore per unit in Laonces ton is now 28s 6d, having dropped 6d on last quotation. The Lannoeston Stock Xxohangs held their usual half-yearly meeting on Monday last, when a satisfactory report was pre sented. The demand for sound investments still continres, and the membership roll has been inoreased from 46 to 68. The bal ance-sheet showed an excess of receipts over expenditure of £144 4s Sd. Among other matters discussed was the necessity for the appointment of a Minister of Mines who sbnuld be free from any other offices. Eastern Proprietary. It has bee? decided to resume operations at once, and the large quantity of ore now at grass is to be shipped away for tieatment. White Pinafore: Have delivered 40 tone stone to tbe battery, and have about GO tons in the paddock. The jumper is much in evidence on the West Coast o) late, the nost recent more being the pegging out of the Ccmstock Co. This property atone time produced about £8000 worth of galena, but getting on to rino in depth operations were stopped, owing to the latter metal not commsnd'og a remunerative price at that time. Of late, a large line formation was atrnek at the South Oomstook and, although nost ener getic efforts were made by the owners to bring more money into the show by Boating it into a company, matters are still hanging fire. The great trouble with the Oorastook distriot is the absenoe of cheap communication with Zeehan and the rail way. The Colonel North Co. some time afro talked largely abont putting in a tram, bnt nothing has been done so far. The Oomatook Co. have spent a good o-al of money on their property, and it would bs a pitv if they wouldn't get shown some con sideration, more so as the district has not even been reported upon by the Govern ment Geologist for years, and cried down by a lot who probably bad ether fish to fry. If the nnt assistance would have bsen given by tbe Government to the Oomstook mines as was allotted to eome of those along the North-East Dnndoa line, there would certainly h-ve been better returns to efaronicls. But it is always the same. Tbe more rotten tke chow the more bolstering op it gets from the Government. The other day the Government Geologist bad special instructions to inspeot the Evenden P. A. Considering that there are lots of more deserving shows on the West Coast, it eame somewhat as a surprise to many that this r-arti6olar olaim was sin gled out for immediate attention. Could the Daily Bootjack lot have an interest in itf Perhaps the Mt. Huxley Ghost has been about again. The Stannite lode on theOonah is giving some rattling #ro»d returns, and it is expected that Hie company will soon see something out of it too. Manager. Curtain Is putting up a rise at present, and the next few days should give some kind of an idea as to likely returns ahead. The mine is being managed very economically, and evertning seems to rnn smoothly. Herr Franc Gelfert, late of the Tatmanian Smelting Co., was snapped op at once by tbe Wallaroo works (S.A.) and appointed smelting manager. There are probably very few metallurgists in the colonies with a better record, and a more varied s» Eeriencein implting matters. He gained is spurs at Freiberg, Germany, and after wards conduoted operations in Portugal, Sweeden, Belgium, and Anhalt, earning for himself, everywhere, the reputation 'of being a most conscientious offioial, and one that thoroughly understands his work. Speoially engaged to assist tho ereotion of tbe smelters at Zeeban, he remained there until differences between himself and the general manager oaused his resignation. His departure was deeply regretted by all thole who have come into oontaot with him, and his many friends wers very pleased to hear of his having decided to accept the Wallaroo position. It may be added that, while Mr. Gelfert was etifl at the Zeehan works he reoeived several offers, br cable, from Germany to return, which goes a long way in proof of the fact that capable smelting men are by no means nnmerous. The Tasman'an Smelting Oo.'s returns, for the month of March, showed an increase over previous productions. This was mainly due to the fact that a good deal was put through that had passed through the fonwOM Wire; bat left {, in anotysr form; The «ls.g heaps at the Tasmanian Smelt ing Oo. would be worth while taking on tribute. They ought to pay fairly well as Je«d miasi. Biugarooms Dredging i Oommenoed sluicing last Tuesday. Great Mount Lyell Copper Oo: Operations In foil airing hers. Forty mei engaged 4pentasT«p, and another bitch, will be put on shortly, ' ' ,. , Central Bingarooma i Have abont 260 tons waiting to be crushed, but battery idle for want or water. At the usual monthly sale of forfeited shares held in Lauioeston, on Tuesday last, only vary small lots were offered, which may be considered a healthy sign. White Pinafores broughtis7d»ud lsSdi sUouot*TarreUs,*d to«|d; Henty's,lM. NewMountZsehan's, Mabel's, and Mt. Bex were bought in bv the respestive managers of tbe companies. Lyellsbave dropped to £8 14. and will probably sao less. Tharsis firmer at 20s, whilst the par*, Western Thareis, dropped to 10d ; Royals easier at Si 4d about, and Souths with a falling tendsnay. Beserves about Is 7d, with no anxious buyers, Herenlai are still on the (all, sellers offer ing sorip at 11s with few buyers. Oonalis, like all galena stooks, are fallisg in sym pathy. Kings are now quoted at £2Z-£2* ; whilst Westerns alone remain firm at the quote, 10s 63. Jukes and Darnins are easier with the exoeption of Lako Juker, whioh have jumped from Us to 18s, in anticipation of outting a now lode whioh cannot bo far away. Bed Hills are steady at old quote, lid— Ud. Token all round the market is easier and likely to remain so for some time. Great 'South Oomet : Tram completed. A big paddock of ore is ready for transit, and thousands of tons of low grade ore is in sight. . Oonab i Daucsoson'a and Fanraban's tributes are winning splendid stannite ore. In the main workings, the lode out at the 80ft level is of very poor quality, whilst the drive on the formation in No. 6 level remains unimproved, Colonel North t In No. 8 level the south drive is showing (ft of payable ore, carrying rather a large percentage of 'blende. The drive north i» improving, eome nice galene being won, Silver King: Fabey'e tribute is still maintaining the oatpnt from £700* to £8000 worth of ore per month. The McEimmie plant will lie erected in lasa than a month. The old Oomet mine, uetonous for its many ops nnd downs and being one of Captain Moore's triplet (the Ooeana, MoKimmie, and Oomet) is winning just ?uffioient low grade ore to pay expenses. Good solid protpeotiug work is being slowly forged ahead. Faul Ore: At the intermediate level a solid body of arsenical pyrites with bands of faul ore is showing. The drive is being continued to cut a large iron formation. The mine at present presents fair prospeols, and that's saying more than oould be said for some time past. The Government Geologist on tbe Mt. Trendall Ooppsr Oo., says that the lode is tbe beat defined he haajeen on the Coast. Kelly's Basin : Farm Coal Mining Asso ciation floated into 12» abates at £2. A large eeam of lignite has been bored through. Work on the Eden ooal property for prospecting baa been resumed. Clear seams of coal up to four ioohes have been struck. Mt. Lyell Consolidated : No. 7 tunnel is now in 100ft., leaving 60 odd feet to inter cept big formation existing on the surface. Unless prospsots improve work will prob ably be discontinued. BnyalTharsU: Looking well, and worth watching closely. Splendid ore in sight. North Grown Lyell i A. low grade forma tion of sohist, oarrying splashes of sioo and copper pyrites, has been passed through. A fair amount of prospecting work is geing on, and work in No. t level should revsal something good. Government Geolegist Twelvetrees likes tbe Darwin-Jukei country, which be con siders diitinot front Lyell, being somewhat identioalto the Bed Hill, The field has great possibilities, and includes immanae bodies of feloite with gigantio outcrops of hematite and magnitite. Depth would be necessary to improve its richness. As far as snrfaoe indications go, Mr. Twelvetrees gives hie opinion tbat Kelly's Basin is not very suitable for ooal measures, although probably at a depth prospeota would improve, Tke Eden ooal strata was doubtless the same aa Celly'e Basin. 