REGRET, — - - . 1 (By Madge Barlow, in "Glasgow "Weekly; Herald.") - CHAPTER I. "Ella!." The tone was sharp, -but the tremor .in- the man's voice showed mental suffering. Suffering that was not less keen because it hid beneath a cloak of pride and scorned to parade itself before the eyes of another, and that other the woman "who had called it into being. This was his first repulse, his first heart-pang, and he was all unprepared for it. He had been so confident of victory ;ao full of satis faction with himself and the whole world. She was only- a girl in years, but she looked like a woman who had left girlish joys behind and found the hidden serious ness of life. In the pale gravity of her face the deep, clear eyes shone stead- fastly. They held a purpose, and if the lines graven around the mobile lips spoke truly there was plenty of determination to carry it out. Ella Trente was no weak- willed creature to be turned aside from the path she had chosen by a man's fretful pleading. . -- "Don't speak as if I were altogether contemptible," she said with a faint emile. "You have asked me to be your wife, and I have refused as gently as I could: You should not blame me.", "Perhaps not." "And I am sorry to give you pain, Ralph, but in time it will pass away and you. will forget." "Spare me your platitudes," he replied, grimly. "At least let me remember that you were honest. I want no fictitious sympathy." "And T offer none. Between old friends candor is best." He leant his elbows on the table, and stared moodily around the dull little studio at the unfinished picture on the easel, at the completed ones that occu pied the wall-space, at the artist's para phernalia scattered here -r.-.l there, and his eyes were darkly ret He iiad no love of art. One picture was as good as another, to him. They were only daubs of paint over which it was the fashion to wax enthusiastic, and the sublime work of a master hand stirred 110 responsive chord in his inner self; neither did the crudest amateur effort offend him. It awoke a mild sense of the ridiculous. That was all. Now positive hatred began to take the place of indifference. The dumb canvas was his rival. For the joy to be found in the exercise of her genius, and in the pursuit of that elusive will-o'-the-wisp called Fame, Ella had given him up, and bidden him speak no more of love. As if she really believed that he could remain her friend, and see her day after day, and discuss commonplace topics with her in the dismal poky fiat among the chim ney-pots, and never utter the burning words that would surely rise to his lips in spite of his efforts to keep them back. Oh, no. She asked too much. "I suppose appeals are useless," he said, breaking a silence during which she had been soberly waiting for developments. "You are going to devote your fresh, youth, a lifetime maybe, to art. It comes finst in your thoughts and aims. I and the love offered to you and the happiness lying.at your feet are sacrificed to this Moloch, lest we should interfere with the winning of a fame that may never be yours. Dear, do not choose rashly. Take a few days to consider." "It would not alter my decision one hit. When the dream becomes an accom plished fact it will he time enough to think of — these other things." "By that time," said Ralph, dryly, "I may have changed my mind." "And we shall be friends, just as we "were before you got idiotic notions into vyour head," she cried, gaily. "I should ""like that better than anything else, Ralph. You were a good comrade always, and we pulled together splendidly. Didn't we?" "Splendidly," he echoed. "And now you have turned disagreeable and spoiled the whole c-vening." He held his peace, and said something forcible and appropriate in the secret depths of his heart, where Ella could not hear it. "Why on earth do you want to marry, me?" she demanded. "I am not the least bit pretty. Ami?" "No," lie replied, bluntly. "You are not pretty. Did I ever say you were?" ' "Never, Ralph. Your brotherly frank-- nes was, and is, refreshing." « "Another chap would dip his tongue in: honey, and swear you rivalled Venus,; but I can't pay you silly compliments. It isn't my way." She smiled and nodded. "That's why I chose you for a friend. You were so different from the rest. You seemed" to know my moods by intuition1, and when I needed petting, or sym pathy, or just a scolding, you used to talk straight to me pretty often, and in stead of resenting it, I listened meekly. Ralph, you were a privileged person." "Was I?" ,"Yes, sir." She moved over the easel "and lifted.her brush, but he took it gent ly from the unwilling fingers, and some thing. iii the expression of his face brought a troubled flush to hers. He was going to go back to the question' that had rudely disturbed their serenity How persistent he was! How unrea sonable! ' " . ' "Ella, I must have a definite answer." "I give you one." "Either I leave here to-night your ac cepted lover, or we say good-bye, and: part. Which is it to be?" Tears welted to the grey eyes, but they did not move him to pity. He was too angry and Indignant to feel compaa-: fcims&f.; -Her " quiet determination yefoa-: him griev ously, and a cloud of sulienness settled on ills brow. "If you asked me to wait three years-- five—I. would do it,"- he said, in an in jured tone; "but you will not. Tou promise nothing." "Because I want to be perfectly free until — -" "Until your ambitious hopes are real ised?" A scarcely, repressed sneer ac- _ companied the query. 4 "Yes." "Tou do not count upon failure?" "I shall try to forget that there is such a word." "Stronger than you have been worsted In the struggle. You were meant for simple fireside Joys, Ella, not for the ranks of those who toil and fight. I understand you better than you under stand yourself, and by-aad-bye you will be compelled to acknowledge that I spoke truly." At the door he turned, and, taking the small forlorn figure in bis arms, kissed the warm lips passionately. "When you grow tires? , send for me. I shall be close at hand," he whispered. "But though I love you more than life, I will not come unless you bid me." "Where Is Ralph?" asked an old lady, who entered the room an hour later, and found the girl alone. "Gone home," she replied. "Have you quarrelled?" "Tes, and no, grannie. It takes two to make a quarrel, doesn't it? And I certainly controlled my temper. Ralph is a dear fellow, but very obstinate." Time passed, and the young artist 'drew near the attainment of her heart's desire. True to his word, Ralph Lester kept away from" the little studio, and though she missed him terribly, she would not send for him, since that would mean the relinquishing of her plans and the tactit acknowledgment of defat. They met occasionally, and their greetings were cordial, hut she had to steel herself against the mute protest of his eyes, or her firmness might have given way. When success crowned her it would be sweet to go to him and tell him that she had learnt love's lesson in the long, lonely days of lahor, unbright- ened by the presence of her more than friend. To lay her head on his faithful breast and say that she was very weary and needed the support of his strong arm, the help of his cheery counsel. But fickle Fortune tarried. For five years Ralph possessed his soul in patience. Then he said she was heart less, and in bitterness of spirit he left the place, where the sight of her tortured him with thoughts of what might have been. Ella heard" the news in silence, and grew thinner and paler as she worked at her picture. It was for the Academy. Two had already been rejected, but through this she expected to win renown and a public recognition of her genius. Somehow, since they told her of his de parture from London, inspiration flagged, and her hand seemed to have lost its cun ning. The unexpected shock preyed upon her health. Often her eyes were wet with causeless tears, and in the dim night watches regret, like an unquiet ghost, stood beside her pillow and banished sleep. She was beginning to find out that she had suffered an irreparable loss. CHAPTER II. A ballroom, crowded almost to suffo cation. A blaze of light and heat. The flash of jewels on fair bosoms and arms, and the glitter of gay uniforms. The clear laughter of women, mingled with the deeper voices of men, and above all the music throbbed in a minor key of ineffable sweetness. In a window recess two people sat apart from the throng. The woman toyed listlessly with her fan, and watched the man's stern profile from under her lowered eyelids. His head was down- bent, his arms were folded across his breast, and he seemed absorbed in his own thoughts. This was their third tete-a-tete since they met again after a separation of seven years, during which they had lost sight of each other, and both were conscious of awkwardness and constraint. (?he recalled him from dreamland by re marking, gently: -'That is a beautiful waltz. It used to be your favorite." He started. "I beg your pardon," he said, confusedly. "I am afraid Twas r,ot listening. What is it?" "Sweethearts." The melody floated round thern, and something stirred in the. man's heart that thrilled him with a sudden pain; and into the woman's face crept a softened look that made the tense lines of the mouth relax, and gave it gracious curves and tenderness. "i have not heard it for a long time," she said, with a quick catch in her breath. "Neither have I," he replied. And both thought of where they had heard it last, in the shabby flat among the chimney-tops, and for the woman that warmly-lit room was peopled with the ghosts of dead hopes and mocking memories; But he saw only a pair of sweet gray eyes, and the unsatisfied longing, the passionate desire that years of striving after forgetfulness could not subdue, awoke to tenfold life. He thought he bad stifled it, killed it, and from its funeral pile Love rose again, deathless \ and triumphant. The dancers passed and re-passed, their mirth Jarring on the silence of the two in the quiet nook. ' The motion of her fan sent an odor of white violets in his direction, delicate, fragrant, full of the freshness of spring hedgerows. It was . Ella's favorite perfume, and it was inse parably associated with many incidents of their past comradeship. The wheels of time went backward while he mused, and the present vanished for a space. "Did you dream become a reality?" he asked at length. "Not quite," she replied, "I have had disappointments and only one success. I overrated my own powers. Talent is not genius." "It is too soon to acknowledge defeat." "I shall never attain to my ideal," she said, in- a tone of conviction; "but the disappointment will not crush me. Some one else will occupy the niche In the tem ple of Fame which I thought meant for me. The fact that most of my, pictures sell, and that I earn a comfortable in come by designing Christmas cards for a first-class firm Is a solace to my wounded vanity. We learn wisdom as we grow older, and youthful egotism drops from us bit by bit." , "Was I a true prophet?" "Tes— partly." "If you had to choose now, which would you hold fast — love or ambition?" "Love," she said, in a low voice and with paling cheeks. "Who would give the shadow of joy for the substance?" He raised his head and looked at her. He stretched out his hand and touched hers. "Ella." "Ralph." "Have you forgotten?" "No. How could I?" "Tou cared for me then?" "Always. From the very beginning. 1 know when it is too late." "My darling!" The words were utter ed under his breath, but she beard, and her eyes were glad. He had been cold and cynical at their previous meetings. Perhaps the presence of strangers ac counted for it, or he might have thought that her former treatment of him mer ited some reproof, some show of displea sure. Now the expression of his face could not be misunderstood, and she al lowed her hand to rest in his, and won dered if ever woman in this world had such cause for gratitude; feeling, too, in the glow of her boundless happiness a thrill of pity for those who did not know what it was to be loved by him. It was even possible to think of the years that were gone without being un duly saddened. They had matured and strengthened her judgment. They had witnessed the daily building-up of -the love that crowned her life with perfec tion, and they had taught her lessons of patience and self-control. In the blissful future to be spent with Ralph she would make amends for any sorrow her wilfulness had caused him. "Do you enjoy this kind of thing?" He nodded towards the brilliant throng, and spoke like one who is ill at ease and troubled. "Now and then, to relieve the same ness of existence; but with me a little gaiety goes a long way. On the whole I prefer work." \ "You always had a superfious stock of energy," he said with a smile. "And you were correspondingly lazy," she retorted. He released her hands, and bent for ward, a curious, dull resignation effac ing the brightness that went as quickly r it came. "Ella, why did you let me go?" "Because I was foolish and wayward." ."We were both to blame. I should have persevered instead of taking you at your word. Tou should have been less obstinate. "Well, there is no use in la menting. When we make a hideous bungle of our lives we must be prepar ed to abide by the consequences." "I — 1 don't understand," she faltered, uplifting pleading eyes and shivering slightly. A chill premonition of evil crept over her, turning the warm blood in her veins to ice. Surely they bad no thing to fear, now that they were re united and he loved her still? Yet why was he so pale, and stern, and wrath- ful? "Tou are angry with me, Ralph. "With you?" he said, remorsefully. "No; but with myself. I have been cowardly and cruel.I might have guard ed my tongue better, and spared you this pain; but I swear to you, Ella, that I forgot. I remembered only that we were together,' and a brief delirium con quered sense and reason. Think gently of me if you can. Believe me when I say that I would give the remainder of my life to recall what I said to-night— to undo what I did two years ago in a fit of angry rebellion against fate." She stood up and laid one hand gently on his arm. His words had 110 mean ing for her, but she saw that he was miserable and needed comfort. A woman parted the palm branches in front of their retreat, and stood looking from one to the other with an amused, indulgent smile. . "I have been searching everywhere for you," she said in a high-pitched voice, with a decided and not unpleasing Yan kee twang. "Won't you introduce me, Ralph?" The two women exchanged 1 glances, and at the sight of the ex quisitely dressed stranger a wave of - crimson swept across Ella's face, and fading left it white and cold. That perfect self-possession and air of proprietorship, together with Ralph's uneasy countenance, enlightened her a little; but still the shock was severe, when, after an awkward pause, he said nervously— 1 "My wife— Miss Trente." She did not wince. She toolkit quietly, unemotionally to all appearances, as we sometimes take a stroke that aims at the root of our most cherished dreams, our dearest desires; though we may whim per at the pin pricks like utter cowards. . "I am so pleased to meet you," said Mrs Lester, graciously."Our hostess often speaks of you, and your pictures are just too sweet for anything. We must pay a visit to Miss Trente's studio, Ralph. How naughty of you not to tell me that you were old acquaintances!" He was silent, and to cover his dis comfiture Ella made some trite remark that turned the conversation into less personal channels. It was a ghastly farce trying to appear interested and animated, hut it came to an end at last. "I'm reai sorry a had neuralgic attack kept me from knowing you sooner," said the voluhle American with a gen uine outburst of good nature as she took leave of Ella. "We mean to stay here for six months, and you'll let me be y6ur friend, won't you? I used to think clever people were naturally disagreeable, but you're downright nice. I (declare, if Ralph hasn't gone off looking as sulky as a bear. There! Good-bye again, Miss Trente, or rather, au revoir." "Tou are tired, murmured Grannie, softly, stroking the brown head that rested on her lap. "Was it a grand affair?" "Very." ? "Did you "meet anyone you knew last night?" - "A great many. Ralph was there." "Ah!" The old woman's anxiety was plainly evident, and she waited for what was to come next; but Ella was unusu ally silent, and the gentle drip of the rain upon the windows sounded loud in the stillness. "Were you talking to him?" "Oh, yes. We had a long chat." "Well, dear?"— impatiently. She drew the wrinkled face down to hers, and kissed it. "I am going to remain with you, Gran nie, so you may stop planning and hop-, ing. 'There are no birds in last year's nest.' " 