"WESTERN BIMAIL"' CJIRISTMAS NUMBER. THE PRIZE COMPETITIONS. The following are the winners of the prize competitions'in connection with the Christmas nunmber of the "Western Mail." In regard to photographs, no series was really 'illustrative of life in Western Australia,' so several special prizes were given instead: \- Mr. C. Walker, winner of the £2 prize for a single view, "The Old Homestead." Mr. A. Crawford, winner of the £2 prize for study in animal life, "' The New Bull". Mr. A. Kruger, winner of the £1 prize for photograph by a member of the W.A. Photographic Society, with "A Pool among the Ranges." 'Mr. E. H. Innes, winner of the £2 prize for series of views illustrative of goldfields life. Mr. A. Crawford, winner of the £2 prize, for series of views illustrative of life in the agricultural districts. "Coyarre" was awarded a special prize of £2 for a" series of views illustrative of life on a Nor'-West station. "Arab" was awarded a special prize of £1 for a series of views illustrative :of kangaroo shooting. "Coyarre" was awarded a special prize of £1 for a single, view, entitled 'Stock Watering at a Pool." In regard to the stories, the following were the results: Mr. H. Benson Jackson, winner of the frstt prize of'£7, with "The Ghost of Johnny Armstrong. " Mr. Charles Fenton; winner of the se- cond. prize of £4, "The Winning of Ma- rionReed." William Moyes, winner of the third prize of £2, with "On Cranky's Clearing". "Christmas with my Cousins," by Miss G. Crofton, and "Harry, the Horse's Claim," by D. Y. N., are also published. Only two poems were accepted-"Dream- land." by Mr. Julian Mitchell, and "Hail, Australia!" by "E. M." "Aunt Mary" awarded, prizes to the following in the children's competi- tions: - Tiny Shenton's "The Flatheads and the Foot." Morris Cantor's "How Bill Jenkins won the Battle of Paardebur." 'Nellie Clerk's "Meg's Story." Eric Fordham's; "The Cruise of the Mollyhawk." Henry Douglas Morgan's Story of two Kangaroos." May Morrells "How Milly Lost her Christmas Cake." Margaret- A. McDermott's' "'How to Spend Christmas Day." The Christmas number will be issued next week. 