RED RUIN. contributed. vv hen you look at the old worked-out ground below Beechworth and "give it thought you at once find the subject a difficult one to treat. You see a once poteutial goldfield, and known to have been abandoned years and years ago. These are your naked facts, but hbw to clothe them in the language you want is not easy, and to do them justice demands the pen of a Ruskin. The great ruins around Beechworth have met- with a worse fate than befel Pompeii— the one abandoned, derelict the other redis covered, revivified. When Jack Buiisby | made the sage remark that the " bearing | of this 'ere lies in the application there of " the old humbug knew well how little he gave his auditors to work upon, and so it is with the ruins of Beechworth. In colour from light brown to red, they carry an eternal blush on their face, per haps for the faithless men who deserted them, and now look what they are— a red ruin. /. It's a mistake though, to assume that the riches of which the old alluvial was rifled by the greedy gold-seekers was taken away and lost in the vast treasuries of trade and commerce of the world. Money, the French say, was made round that it might roll away, but "the gold of Beechworth .passed from the place un- minted, and was not seen again in that form. It was "gold, gold, easy to get and hard to hold," but in one sense it is still in - Beechworth. Look round the suburbs and goodly town, its . streets, stores, dwellings, gardens, fences, culti vation—all that spells improvement, and you see very valuable assets to credit the account, besides a busy and populous hive of contented people— Beechworth folk— who add greatly to the colony's wealth. It is history now, and but for the statistics proving the enormous yield in ounces of gold— nay tons and tons of it — and thousands of diggers, who literally lived out of Mother Earth, it would seem more like a dream or story of the Arabian i uiguos. Y iai\j uy uay, u y uigiiw, wje.stj uiu ruins, and you come away feeling unsatis fied. The vast deposits of gold are gone. You cair never have any share in it. The diggers who ripped open unoffending earth and tore away its soil in their fierce efforts to capture its treasures; sailed away like bees with their auriferous honey and can not be brought back to render account. The only harvest permitted by Dame For tune they have reaped yellow unto the sickle, and never again will she yield another. You keep thinking it will surely all come to pass again some day, that busy hum of human life, but when ? To-mor- | row, next year — never ! Imagination I peoples the old diggings again with the miners who plied pick and shovel 40 years ago and more. They are, perhaps, even now there again in the spirit. Will they' I come again in the flesh ? At the resur rection. What is it that you see below there, a horse or phantom of one? You draw near, and, of course, find it to be a "meat" horse, as a small child friend calls the real animal — not a nursery toy. Again, is that flitting figure over there a man or' ghost of one'? It might easily be, for you approach and find a half-starved Chinaman picking at some old tailings heap. No ghost this — a " meat" China man, with precious little of that under his yellow, wrinkled skin. Looking at the ruins by day you describe it to yourself as uncouth, ugly, "bereft of beauty," but you can't somehow pass them by without stopping to gaze and ponder. They are at once repulsive and attractive, have seen better days, but keep up no appearance. Once a millionaire, now in decay and poverty — none left to do them reverence. Ragged, jagged edges, where the ground was cutout 80 and 100 feet deep, and millions of tons of spoil — sug gestive word — puddled away to the creeks, to the Ovens, to the Murray, to the sea. To most people the upper thought is what beautiful lakes these huge excavations might be turned into if allowed to fill, but for the present scarcely a feature of interest remains — the note is discordant, inharmonious. Dame Nature will some day cover and hide the deep scars cut into her green mantle by Man the De stroyer, but we who are here are in a hurry and cannot wait. By night, when the frosty moon is high and full, the ruins tell a very different I tale. It is difficult to realise that it is the same sordid, worked-out scene you looked at in the morning. A II is changed and for the better, the subject is lifted and suggests other and higher thoughts. By day lack-lustrous, shabby ; by night — with a moon— luminous, elevating, sug gestive. You stand looking at the vast excavations looming far larger than you thought, distances are deceptive, and some objects grow quite close and seem to grow closer ; but the - whole has a far-away look, preoccupied, brooding, i and deprived. It is chill and shivery' as your eyes turn again and again over the scene. You expect to see something more each time, and have an ill -defined idea of what it is that moves within you. The weird scene is full of fanciful shapes, fan tastic, and you are exactly in that frame of mind that conjures up the unreal to play tricks with the imagination. It is the cold of Beech worth winter yeu_ feel, I nnt foo nil tin I Knf. nnn t Fliniirtlifo Irnon XWW VI. UV . WW j running on the awful midnight -scene on the ramparts of Elsinore. " It is an eager and a nipping air," now, as it was that night. Yes, yes, ghosts like a cold, frosty night — summer"-- is too hot, and perhaps too suggestive, for them. A sound up the hill sides startles your ears. " But it's all right — no need to quake— only a Sal vation Army man practising on the horn —not the last trump. The moon's rays touch the banks of the huge excavations with softest light, mak ing steel of the sharp edges, black caverns and deepest shadows. Stand back on the hill slopes, not too near — " distance lends enchantment" — and you see the brilliant scene trembling with light and emotion, I peopled by mute forms flitting here and I there— a populous solitude. Phantom life seems to be returning to old familiar | scenes as though summoned to make ap- jpearance. Groups of poppet legs again stand erect, machinery, white tents, great buildings, streets and shining river and wharves, tall masts of shipping, glittering, silent, unreal — the moon and your imagi nation responsible for.it all— until a swift and welcome cloud crosses her silver face, | the whole fabric topples and fades,- " leav ing not a wrack behind," and you are by this time glad to escape from these "glimpses of the moon" to the pleasant welcome you are sure of finding at Tans- well's, where you at once decide in favor I of gaslight. In a recent issue of the " Gippsland I f.lmJr "Harffr nnrrA.Qnnnrl Qllfi fravfi a most graphic account of an accident which occurred to a miner named Antonio Giannettoni. The details will be familiar to our readers, for no one cculd have pos sibly read it without having shuddered at at recital of what might have actually happened to a man— a solitary miner— in Victoria. The man who underwent so much was brought to the Sale Hospital, and we are glad to know .from Dr. Hage- nauer, who has been attending him, that he is on the high road to recovery. The main injury the unfortunate man had was a fractured thigh. After weeks of in- | tolerable agony, that has, thanks to medi- | cal skill, yielded to treatment, and Dr. | Haganauer on Thursday successfully i frpafrAfl if:. Tf. is nrtor nvnKaVtlo fr.ViaF fTiP I patient will entirely recover after an al most unprecedented experience. 