A ROGUE AND HIS ' MONKEY.' JX-r f i- it'ia ».moat;^ extraordinary thing, Mr. r° Solomons. ibut tho £500 bank-note I putta to the safe this morning has disappeared.' ' ' You don't say bo, air. Dear me, how and how unpleasant for us all. Of course, 'the keys have never left your uosaeasion since you locked tho note up? 11 Novcr foe a inoinontf Solomans,. .-ania. Mr. Hi chards; t)ib Manchester lawyer, as he regarded his mean-looking chief clerk with' tlio utmost perplexity from which suspicion was entirely absent: ' It is quite bowilder: ing. My duplicate set is at 'home. Besides, ^ I do not see how any thief could got at tho safo in tho daytime, when wo are all busy around it. Tho lock does not appear-to have , boon tampered witht the contents are un- | ? disturbed, but the note is gone. ? , ' Pardon me, sir, perhaps you never put | it in thero at all. Porhap* you will find it in your pocket-book all safe and sound.' ' Don't talk foolishness, Solomans,' cried his employer crossly. ' Nevertheless, he drew out hiB wallet and examined its contents with great deliberation. He searched all his poekqts, und turned out his private desk. «! Tush !' ho exclaimed, 'what an ass 1 am ! Don't I know quite well that I placed it carefully in one of the drawers of the safe, and nowhere else ?' ' Umph !' The clerk ran the tip of. his penholder through hiB fluffy'hair and looked 'dreadfully concerned on his employer's account ' Let's take out the drawer,' said he with an air of inspiration^ ' and see if tho note has slipped behind it.' '? This Was done, and the interior of;, the safe , taken to pieoea as possible; 'every nook and corner of the office'' was cleared . out, but tho missing ' monkey to adopt tho pliroseoiogjt of'' Captain Cod ' — was not ? to bo discovered. ' It is a mystery,' said the solicitor gloom ' ily, as ho sat down exhausted by his exer tions; ' and I would not have- it ocourin this Olice for double the money.' :j ' Of' course you have the number of the note ?'' queried Solomans eagerly. ' Just so. ! Wellj'we.muat stop it-' at - once, and— would you like iao to call injhe police, sir ?' '? ' Certainly not,' returned Mr. Richards sharplyV ' I do notrfor an instant suspect any one here. We must, of course, give in formation to. the authorities. But I do not wish to have any fuss made. . It does not do a lawyer any good for his clicnts to liear thrit he has been robbed, or so careless as to loose a valuable document.' ' Well, sir, 1 aljan't feel comfortable or ; happy till we find out what lias'becomo of it. | -Why, it is for all ' the world lrke a bit of magic.' I ' It iB beyond my comprehension. But get . ' on with those costs in tlie Simmonds matter. I I should like! hini'i-to.havo the account in to- . ,? morrow.' .; v; ?' 'I ?Mr. Richards forgot— or perhaps ignored lS* tho bettor word in tho connection— tlie ^ ? fact that after returning to-'th6 office from hiB lunch he invariably ? fell asleep in his chair for a-good 20 minutes. It was a mild form of mania with him to stoutly deny that he. ever did anything of the kind. This practice was,'-' of . course, well knowri-to Solo- . mans, and on the day in question, finding I himself alone in the office for* a few moments t he had made himself poaaessor of the uncon scious man's keys. --Like a flash he opened tho safe, secured the note, made all again secure,; and slipped the'bunch back into the pocket where the attorney always carried it. : In the privacy of his own . apartment that , night Solomans produced the crisp note from where he had moBt cunningly-hid itabout his person; ' You're a beauty,' , said - ]he, as ho flat tened it ' oiit, ' but gold is better looking; and gold you will , havo'to bo turned into my pretty .one when tho right. time comes. You, must go ' to the races, for it is only on the busy course that you can be changed with safety.' !Ho placed it in a small, . tightly-fitting tin box. - This lie wrapjjjd in several turns of oifskin.* U?hi wholo ' ho dropped into a v. shallow, tank, which, stood on aledge just outside his own window. ' Now, the bobbies can come and search l),ere tili'^ttey -ane-^lind. Tli'ey will never *' ' 'timrik of looking ? into oijr cistqrirfor a-tbank;. note,' complacently mused he, as he' made ? himself 'fetching' for his evening prom enade at the Gaiety. Solomans allowed; a little time to pass before 'letting his: monkey have a climb for its money, as he termod it. In the meanwhile he had become \- confidential .with a couple of sporting mechanics who very much preferred to play ? for something than to work for it. It is a fancy not by aiiy means confined to onoclass j of the social'scale; ' ' Look here,' said he one evening to this .- pair, Swale and Huggius by names, ?' if you . two like to go to the races to-morrow I can put you ontto-; two;, good tilings, and if you j smash a £5bo~-nbte'-fbr' me with any of the bookmakors you shall have 50 quid a-piece. Lor bless- you ! the ? big bookies don't think anything of charging what they call' ' a monkey.' You hail best be well togged, you know, and put on a nice free and independent air. Mum's the word, and whon you get the ' stuff, ' hold it firm. ?'*- The commission delighted Swale and Hugging imbibed with new and alarming gustg at the prospect of it. .. Naturally enough the first bookmaker they atteihpted'to negotiate with was a notorious welclior. He took the measure of- his men at once. He nipped off his chairi joined'' them, and drew' them away from the crowd. 'What do you think I am made of?' ,, ? ' demanded he. ' Putty, mud, or tea leaves ? If I'd 500 shiners- in my kick I should not. liavo been on that perch. Look liore. , Have you any ready ? A couple of quid will tako' ua into the, enclosure. Once there I'll put a bit on for you with one of the leviathaus.and he'll smash tlie note for lis like a bird.' Tlio necessary funds were scraped to gether among them. Once inside, tho welslier cried, ' Ah, there's tho red hot 'un! I'll do tlio biii with him.'.' - '''-''?He-made 'a bet' of £5 With this prominent member of Tattorsall's ring, and returned to the two workmen with £495 in change, which ho handed to Swale. The three were now liand.in glove, for .the day. Tho stranger in ? traduced his now acquaintances to his old friends', who Showed a robust desire to make ' very frco .with them and their belongings. ' At last, and juBt boforo tlie final raco, they ( raised a cry of ' welcliors ' against Swale and Huggins, who after being stripped and t ' teemed '-4that is, turned on tji'eir heads until not a 'fraction remained about them — 1 wore so cruelly - used that it'did not seem 1 likely thoy would ever again s.Qb Manchester, i Aftor a little, however, they did manago to reach home, where ! Solomans, white with , auxiety, was 'eagerly looking for them, and : the produce of ' tho monkey's climb.' Tho ? . ? j-. , talothoy had bo tell made him both sick and ' wrathful. It was in his heart to treat them 1 . to a volley, of astonishing adjectives, but ho . ? romombd^ed; jtliat, after all, he was in their powofr, and-iniwt&rii;) and bear thia eollapse of all his grand BcliomcH. ' ' I ' The.' only tiling we can do now is tb keep Vv.''' dark,' said' lie. ' Don't either of you, on any account, let on that I over gavo you a 'monkey' to change.' ' We shall bo careful enough,' replied !%L. : i/5; ? , j#. , m f) ? ? ? .?#?-?# ♦ r * w .. ' y i - - ? Swale sullenly, 'but I reckon wo have got blows .and bruises just in trying to do your bit' of -business for you, and you'll have to keep ua going till wo aro fit for work again.' SolomanB remonstrated and raved, all.to no purpoBo. The, blackmailing pair wont away with a sovereign each for immediato ,;needfi, and they promised to soon repeat their calls on himself and his exchequer. '. Th6 bookmakor . who had changed tho ill gotten'noto soon had information that it was stoppod, but ho had no difficulty in putting tho police on to tho welshor from whom ho had receivod it. This worthy, in Ilia turn, told hia tale, and the authorities kept him for many days journoying about tho highwaya and slums of Manchester in tho hopo that he might meet with and identify Swalo or Hug. gins; or .both. Curiously enough, Fato preserved tha. mechanics from being seen by the one in . search of, them. Often they were cloae to oho another; twice thoy woro all drinking in tho same spirit vaults, and yet never came face to face. Tho news that tho authorities were on tho track of his money of course reachod Mr. llichardB, and he began to hope that at last the mystery of .its disappearance would be cleared. Solomans also heard the tidings and ho was thrown into a series of cold sweats. He was in abject terror ? for hia liberty. Ho dccided that there waa-no course so safe for him:aB flight. But he would not go -empty-handed; ? : 'The; '? mere temporary posseaaion .of- that ' monkey ' — which ho now. anathematised with much increased vigour — had whetted his greed for more. His avarice . was after all. keener .than , his des perate fe^r. Herwould make ono'more bril liant;, coup and then vanish from the legal circles of Manchester and of England for over. --????. ? ? His rather elaborate planB required a few days to perfect, and he was in a state of tho moat awful dread all the time. Mr. Rich ards wa? in London; and having the coast clear Solomans, looking as bold as brass and as innocent as butter, called on the manager of his employer's bank. He was well-known to the gentleman, being really a more fre quent visitor to.' the establishment than the lawyer himself.' , Ho explained ..that Mr. Bicliards. was out of town, and that they had a settlement for a client on tho . following morniug. over some house property,' the amount required being £1,500. He had juat learned that thi3 client would not be able to arrive with the capital quite in time. Fearing some such contin gency, Mr. Richards before going away had left his life policy and other securities, with full authorisations* fot Mr. Solomans to' pledge them with the bank for the loan of the sum named for a few days. - They had done such things for Mr. Rieh ards bofore. -The documents seemed to be in perfect order. With hardly any hesitittion the manager told the cashier to hand over to Solomans £1,500. ; ' The little rascal would much have liked to have taken il all in gold, but he feared such a request might at the .final moment excite suspicion and luring him once more to grief. Still, he got the bulk in Bpecio and the reat in' notes of £20. - ? ? Once outaide tho bank with his plunder aafo his sangfroid deserted him. His face broke out into a rash, and he could only think of one thing, and it was how. to get away' quick enough. Hoping to steady himBelf ' with brandy, he turned into the first tavern he reached, and there ho came- upoii Swale and Huggins. ' Hullo! ' cried tho latter, ' we was just agoing to.give you a reminder. Wliy, what's tho matter with you? Have' you got tho fever, or have you seen a ghost? ' ' Neither. You both tako my advice and get out of Manchester as quick as you can. If . you, stay . here you aro sure to be recog nised, and there will bo trouble. Go to Lon don— go anywhere. Here's money for you. It'sthe last, and the'best you'll over get from me.' To their delight and amazement, he handed them four notes of £20 each. 'Those are all right,' declared ho. ' I have only, just received them ovei the bank counter. My nameisWalker,' he concluded, hurriedly, ' you won't see me, again-1— ' ',Why can't we all threo go together? prio-r . Swalo, who smelt more money from where tho new twenty poundors had como. : 'Yqu must bo mad!' Was . Solomon's withering reply, and straightway ho dis appeared from tho placed An unlooked-for matter called Mr. RichardB back to Manchester that afternoon, and it also took him to tho bank. A brief . conversation with him showed the manager that- the; :polioy: ; and- the other; documents on' which £1,500 had been advanced were worthless forgeries — excellent specimens of the nefariouB art, but as securities valueless. ? Therq waS a greater demand for tho plaus ible Mr.. Solomans that night than had ever before been the case'. AH over the country the police kept a hot and an aotive look out for him. Mr. Huggins received a visit from 'the same inquiring gentry as he was rioting in a tripe supper with friends who were not of his 1 own family. Earlier in the evening he had changed one of the twenty-pound notes in a tavern; Baying that he had juat received ? the insurance money on his wife's death. On making a search at his lodgings a twenty-pound, note was found in the chim ney, and as much' in loose cash in a drawer. Then Swale was captured, and the welsher identified them as being the gents who had corno to him on the racecourse desirous of changing ' a monkey.' ? Solomans was arrested just as he was about to step on board an Atlantic liner disguised ob an old w'omani a character his features suited very well. . ' The oddest thing perhaps about this queer caso is that tho little rogue only got eighteen months' imprisonment, .while Huggius and Swale were sentenced to six and four each respectively. ' ' ' ' ' Quite enough; for a blooming monkey,' too,' Solomans protests to this very day. 