St. Alban's Vestry Meeting. The annual Vestry meeting in connec tion with St. Alban's Church was held on Thursday evening last in St. Alban's schoolroom. There was a good attend ance of parishioners, both ladies and gentlemen. The Veil. Archdeacon White presided and explained the objects of the meeting—first of all to elect churchwardens and other officers and to vote the salaries, then to receive the report of the Parochial Council and. elect a Council for the ensuing year.. He was very glad to welcome the ladies to the meeting, and hoped they would e.xercisc their influence in the election of officers, so that those"elected would feel much stronger than they had pre viously felt, knowing that they had the women at their backs .as..well as the men. The minutes of the previous annual Vestry meeting were read and con firmed. Mr. S. J. Doweil read the Church warden's balance sheet, which showed the receipts as ^49 7s 6d and the ex penditure as ^42 17s 3d, leaving a credit balance of 10s 3d. After being received, the balance sheet was adopted on the motion of Messrs.T.J. Haydon and T. Forrest. f Messrs. G. Blunt, J. C. Luscombe and S. J. Doweil were re elected Churchwardens; and Messrs C. C. Ravenscroft, J. J. Kingsmill, T. J. Haydon, \V. B. Adams and H. J. Rixon were appointed sidesmen. Messrs, W. B. Ad.ims and F. J Wyndham were elected as auditors. On the motion of Messrs. C. C. Ravenscroft and T. Forrest, it was de cided that the organist's and sexton's salaries be the same as last year. 1 he report of the Parochial Council was then read as follows :— Annual lleporC of S. .Llbau,s Parochial Council fur the year ISO!). The Council again presents its report of its proceedings, and of the various funds uuderits charge, togethur with the Incum bent's usual account of work clone in the parish, and of its statistics for the past year. Attendance,—Since its election the Coun cil has held eleven meetings and one special at which the ! attendance of members has been as followsKiglit Kcv. the President 0. the A'cn. Archdeacon .White V.1'. 12, Messrs. George Blunt 10, J. C. Luscouibe G, S. J. Do we II 2, W. B. Adatn3 .9, K. C. Drcclit 3, F. IJudden 3, T. Forrest 9, T. J. Haydou 2, A. 0\. r Saunders S, 0. .0. Uavenscroft: (Hoii. treas) 11, llev H. J). S. 1'ortus (lion, see) 10 ; representative members— Messrs C. Buster 3, C. II. Cox 0, A. Schroteivl, T. Smith 1. ~ The llev. U. I). Tortus was elected hon. secretary, vice llev. A. H. Gavnsey. on the lirst.meeting of Council. Church Fund.—The. Treasurer furnishes the following statement of the comparative receipts from: the various districts of the parish for: the years 1893 and :99.,for the : Church Fund and the Curate's Fund together as follows :— . S. Alban's, Muswellbrook : ISOO, £319 19s • 8d ; 1SU8, £331 Gs 7d ; decrca.se £M Gs lid Coal and Spring Creeks :: IS99, £17 IDs 9d ; 1S9S, £21 Is :>d; dccre:isc £3 Us St. TIeliers: JS99, . nil: 1S98, 12s Gd ; decrease 12» (il .. Liniestc/nc: 1S99, £l! Is ; 1S9S. £3.1Us Id ; increase £i 0-1 Lower >IuscIe.Crcck:; 1899, £3 10s ; 18118, £8 7s li l; increase 2s G-.l; . Upper Muscle Creek : IS99,~£3 8s od ; 18118 £0 17s 9d ; decrease £G 9s Id \ Kayuga: 1899, £7 17s 2d; 1893, £12 lis 3d : decrease £1 17s Ul Negoa:'lS99. £17 5s; 1S9S, £1-3 5s Gd ; increase £1 19s Gd ^Kdinglassic and Sugarloaf :< 1899, £30 15s 3d ; 1898. £.)<! 10s; increase os 3d 1 .-.-Aberdeen': 1899, £175s; ;189S.£2l 5s 1 Id; decrease £7 Os lid Thus, though several districts of the parish have slightly increased their contributions, vet on the whole there has been a decrease of £32 on the total contributions of the parish towards the Church and Curate's Funds. . It is noteworthy to observe that the towns of Muswellbrook an! Aberdeen.are the ones where the shortage has been most marked; the deficit being- £11 6.5 lid and £7 Os lid in - them rcspcctivcly. 'llie closiug of the ::works:in the latter for some months of the year may account to some extent for tliis failure, and the general depression in trade in the foimer ; but your Council are con vinced that if the simple rules laid down by our Bishop, and printed in our last year's report., were only observed a much more satisfactory result would be obtained. We therefore repent these rules ami commend them to the earnest consideration o£ church ollicers and collectors. His J.ordship made several suggestions as to the mode oE collect ing church funds (1) I'll,it it should be methodical and regular ; (2) that there should be variations in the times for which subscrip tions ran according to the menus of the con tributor : (::) that it was very important to get the money in when due; (1) to have a good number of collectors so as to lighten the labour of collecting; (5) that new comers should be carefully looked after; (G) that the ideal was that every member of the church should be a contributor. St. Alban's Cemetery Fund.—The collec tions to this fund during the year amounted 10 £3(i iis 9.1, which with the bilance of £11 18s 7d from the previous year .makes up a total of £81 2s M, of which the stun of X't!( 10s has been expended on the salary of care taker and other expenses mentioned m our last report. The cemetery grounds are now in good order and the young trees, notwith standing the trying summer we have experi enced, arc nearly all flourishing. It is there fore very satisfactory to tind that the grounds arc in good order and the Treasurer has still a balance of .Cil Gs Id in hand for future contingencies. What is very neces sary in the cemetery is a shelter for tools and for Lhc otlieialing clergyman when robing in hot or wet weather. A still more derirable object would be the erection of a'mortuary chapel for-the celebration of the service at the cemetcrv instead of bringing the remains into the parish church, which in certain cases is undesirable. Church Aid Fund.—Tlie annual collection for this fund was made on tiie occasion of the lUshop's visiL for the commemoration of the consecration of the c'uirch on S. Alban's Day, 17th June, and amounted to i'.s !ls 7d, and a special collection. The objects of this valuable fund were explained in the last report of your Council. Urielly those objects arc—1st, to assist poor strugg ling parishes of the diocese ; 2nd, to help candidates for holy ordsrS ; Drd, to assist in the building and repairs of churches, schools, and parsonages, by grants or loans; !th, to provide a super nunierary clergyman to aid the l!ishop when" lie requires it, and to assist clergy in sickness or when needing rest. This object is empha sized at the present time when one of the oldest and most hardworking clergy, Uev. A. 0\. Thomas, is laid up from serious illness and the liishop is obliged to provide a substitute to take his duty. 1'arish Church and Keclory.— Sinej the painting of the fence the church Ims needed only some trivial repairs, (front improve ments were made to the rectory ca ;iy last, year. 'The drawing room and one bedroom were plastered and coloured, and the lireplace in the former renewed at the expense of the parish, and a new iron panelled ceiling with new frcnch lights were put in at the expense of the Hector. The papering and walls of the other rooms are itiJI sadly out of re pair. One matter which needs immediate attention is the fencing of the south boundary. By thy MituipijmrCounvira alignment it is ubuift 8ft on the street. Application was respect fully made to the Council to make the neces sary improvements at the expense of the Parish, but this was refused, and your Coun cil arc unaware whether any reply was ever sent to the Churchwardens to their applica tion. ^ wit of the Bishop.—'flic Lord liishop ol the diocese very kindly was present at the anniversary of the consecration of the church on S. Alban's Day, Juno 17th. He gave a very beautiful address to the church workers of the parish at a .special service in S. Ai ban s at 11.30, and afterwards they and his Lordship wore entertained at a sumptuous luncheon yiveil in S. Alban's .Schoolroom by the ladies of the parish. The following Sun day, when the services were in commemora tion of the consecration of St. Alban's, (lie liishop preached morning and evening, the collections being given (o the "Church Aid Fluid,1' On the following day his Lordship presided at a meeting of church people at Aberdeen, when it was determined to build a new church. At this meeting the members of S. Alban's Choir attended, and by their music contributed largely to the success of the meeting. Your Council also must not forget to ex press its thanks (o Miss Lart, who on Tues day, the 20th June, gave a most amusing entertainment^ witli "the assistance of the choir and a siring band of amateurs in the Masonic Hull. The success of the entertain ment, in a monetary point of view, w.is marred by the occurrence of the " Uei'ereti dum"ou that very day, which kept very many from attending. The proceeds of the entertainment were for the debt on the school cottage. His Lordship also made a special visit on the 21st November, when a meeting ol' par ishioners was held in S. Albans Schoolroom, and those present promised to subscribe an nual sums to the Church Aid Fund. the amount of promises £H! 8s, paid C11 10s 3.I. S. Alban's Sunday School.—The school lias grown considerably during the year, the numbers on the roll at the end of the year being 17S. The assistance of Miss Ueid, the teacher of S. Alban's Day School, lias been of great value in the Sunday School. It has much relieved the clergy of the necessity of taking charge of the elder boys, and " has greatly helped Mrs. Wilson in the superin tendence of the school. Uy her influence and help six pupils were induced to cuter for the Diocesan examination, and though they did not obtain any prizes, they nil"passed creditably. This year it is hoped that many mora will be induced to follow their example, and that some of the prizes will bo carried off by our scholars. On December 27th Miss Mabel Luscombc was married by the liishop of Grafton and xVrmidale to Rev*. !«'. J. Jiec ;man; and so the school and parish lost one of its mo3t useful workers. I'reviotts to her marriage Miss M. Luscombc was presented ■with a handsome token of their regards bv her fcllow-teachcrs and the members of the choir. The scholars of her own class also presented her with a memento of their affection. It is with much pleasure that your Council learns that Mrs. IJecman is proving as useful in the work of the church in her new sphere, at N'oodburn, as she was at St, Alban s, Muswollbroolc. The parish lias great cause tor thankfulness to Almighty Ciod for the earnest baud of workers con nected with St. Alban's Sunday School, at the head of whom is Mrs. Wilson, all of whom are doing earnest work in the parish. It is to be regretted that more young men do not offer themselves fori the work of Sunday school teachers. r St. Alban's Pay School.—Kurly iii July a church school for girls and" little boys was opened by Miss Kcid in St. Albau's school building. In it, work is begun with prayer and instruction in the Holy Scriptures, and closed also with prayer. Church people should prize the inestimable blessing of religious instruction for their children far more than they do. Secular instruction is profitable for thi3 world, but religions in struction is profitable .both W tliif world and the next. Miss Reid, now liviiig in the school cottage, is able to take boarders as well a3 day scholars on moderate terms At present there arc 21 scholars on the roll. Missions.—The scholars of St. Alban's .Sunday .school have for many years sup ported, a scholar at the iYorfolk Island school at an expense of £10. This past year Up raised the sum of £13 3s lOd. St. Mark's Sunday school, Aberdeen, contributed £1 2s 9d, making a total of £11 (!s 7d, which was disbursed as follows : £10 to Melanesia. £3 i!s 13d to ISeUcndcu Ker, and £1 2s '.id to New Guinea. liesides which, on the visit of the Rev. W. G. Ivcns, a further sum of £2 Ss tkl was given to the Melancsian Mis sion. On the Day of Intercession for Mis sions, the first Sunday in Advent, the sum of £15 10s i)d was collected throughout the parish, and disbursed in the following man ner: Xcw Guinea L'ellenden Ker ,C5, and£'> to the general fund of the Australian Board of Missions. In addition to these sums the .Rector has contributed £5 sub scription to the stipend of the liishop of New Guinea and also privately collected another £0 for I.ellcnden Ivor Mission, winch makes a total of £(2 12s Id contributed for mis sions in this parish. On Christmas Day the offerings, except the sacramental alms, were given to the Patriotic Fund, amounting to £S lij> i"d. Debt 011 .School Cottage.—This debt, which amounted at the beginning of the year to .CD8 10s !)tl, and was increased by interest and necessary repairs amounting to .J:S 15s Gd to £101 Ss Uil. lias been reduced by rent ot cottage and some private contributions to £51 Cs 1M. It is hoped that this last year of the century will see the extinction of this debt. This is uow the only debt on the parish. The IncumbeuL reports that there is urgent need of a church building, which can be used as ft school, at Apple Tree Flat, on the ex treme southern limit of the parish. Mr. 'l'lios. ITassall, sen., has given half an acre of land ns a site for the proposed building, and the Council of the Church Aid Fund has given a grant of £10 towards its erection, and the parish Rector has £15 more in hand towards this good object. The Department of Education has agreed to rent the build ing. when erected, for a provisional school for the sum of .L'lo annually. The usual services in the various district churches have been'regularly celebrated by the Incumbent and curate. Thanks.—The thanks of the parish are due to the Rev. Win. Marshall for kindly assist ing iu the ministrations of the church on various occasions during the year. Warm thanks arc also due to (lie ladies who have zealously eollccled for all church funds, to the teachers of the Sunday school for their earnest and self-denying labours, and also to ihe members of the choir for so clfectually aiding in the rendering of Divine scrvico in various churches. Whoever has attended, the services of I ho mother church must have observed the marked improvement of late years in (lie church music an.! the reverent manner iu which the icr vices are conductcd. This improvement is in a great measure due to the painstaking care of the organist, Mr If. 1). Tracv. Tlic Hector.—At (lie last meeting of Hie Council the Hector intimated his intention of retiring from the incninbeney at the end of March next, if spared to that time. He then will have completed his list year of the inounipency of the parish, a longer time than is usually allowed to one clergyman to occupy a parish continuously. Jlo has to express his deep thankfulness to Almighty Clod for having permitted him to Minister in "his church for that. long period in un broken health, and for the many temporal ami spiritual blessings helms been permitted to enjoy, notwithstanding his many short comings. The reasons which have induced him to take this step are. (1) the increasing work of the parish, which requires a younger and more vigorous man to undertake it ; ('2) inlirtnities of age creeping on ; (3) many new methods of church work, and improvements which a younger man could make better than one grown old and stiff in harness; (I) the wish to retire and do some work for God and llis (Jliurch without being tied down to the constant routine of parochial claims and engagements. An important change has been made dur ing th« past ;x;\r in tho kuqnnjj o£ thu accounts. Several of them lmve boon 'amal gamated. Pew Rents.—One great diflieulty has for years engaged the thoughts of your Incum bent and the churchwardens. For years there lias boon groat cliilieulty experienced in collecting the pew rents, and a graver difii culty lias arisen in seating all the parishion ers. Complaints have been made by many nc'.vcomer.s that they cannot obtain seats, and in one or two instances persons have complained that tliey have been turned out of their seats. It is dillieult to mot all these objections. Some have tried having all fiee seats, but there arc objections to this on the scorc of luss of revenue. In some churches, notably a large church at l'eler sliam, every other paw is free, so that those who wish to have a fixed seat can have one, and those who prefer a free seat can also bo accommodated, and there arc no invidious distinctions made. This appears to your incumbent to be tlio bast solution oi the dillioulty, and he would advise that aficr July 1st this method bo adoptel, and an ollicor, as verger, be appointed tj place parishioners in their seats. Statistics. — During the year lt>99 there were in the pr.rish all baptisms, I I marriages and '2.'i burials. Your Council cannot conclude its report without expressing its deep thankfulness to Ability God for the blessing which lias attended the work of the church in this parish for the past year, notwithstanding a considerable amount of depression in the commercial world. The Treasurer (Mr. C. C. Ravcns croft) read the financial statement, showing the receipts as ^436 ys id, and expenditure ^436 Ss <;d, leaving a credit balance of 4d. The Chairman moved the adoption of the report and balance sheet. He thought the balance sheet very satisfac tory, but was sorry that there was not an increase instead of a decrease. However, the Church had been able to meet its liabilities, and it was not every Church that was able to do that; there fore, they should feel very thankful that there was a balance of 4d. He did not think it was because of umvilligness to give, on the part of parishioners, that more was not collected, but because there were not sufficient collectors. 11 all parishioners were approached by collectors and asked to contribute, he believed the balance would be very large indeed. Some of the young men of the parish seemed to be very modest, especially when they saw the subscrip tion list coming round—but perhaps they were afraid of the female collectors. He asked them not to be so " modest," and not to be " afraid" of the collector, but to preserve their manliness when they see her approaching, and—give their contributions. He was sure that none would feel justified in enjoying the privileges of the Church and refusing i to give: anything towards it. Several improvements had been made to the j Rectory, but the old building had stood for so many years that he thought it could not hold together much longer. It was like an old garment—when patched in one place it broke out in another. Some of those present were, he believed, disappointed because they did not meet the Bishop at this meeting. For some reason or other a few expected him to be present. Mow ever, on the 20th of May he would be present lor a very intsresting ceremony —confirmation—and he would perhaps address a meeting of parishioners then. The Sunday School attendance was very satisfactory, and an increase on the previous year; but a few more teachers were required. Young men and women could not be more usefully employed, and he was sure there was great happiness in teaching, if the work was undertaken from the right motive. The day school was progressing very favourably under the supervision of Miss Reid, but could be better sup ported, and lie commended it to those present lor consideration. They might have their children educated cheaper at the public schools, but they did not receive sufficient religious instruction, which was as needful to Ihem as secular instruction. At this school they were educated in a manner calculated to make them good and useful men and women. The Chairman said he knew he was sometimes abused because he so oflen spoke about missions ; but lie was only working, for what his Master commanded, His last words were, " Go and make disciples of all nations, leaching them to become Christians, and baptising them in the name of the rather, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." If he did not tell his people their duty towards missions, he would be neglecting his highest duty. Those who refuse to support missions are not true followers of the Lord Jesus Christ. He hoped the debt on the school cottage would be wiped off this year, the last year of the century, so as to begin the next century with a new sheet. It is the only debt thai the parish is burdened with, and when his time for retirement came round he would feel very happy indeed to be able to say that ho left no debt behind him. Regarding his retirement, he thought it only fair to say that after 4r years of work one does begin to feel that a lot of his muscular power has left him ; and although he felt that he could continue for a few years yet, he thought it belter to retire while yet strong and not to wait lill he broke down. Me would rather retire while he was able to still take pleasure in the old parish and watch its progress under the new incumbent. In reference to the diffi culty in connection with the pew rents and free sittings, he suggested that the example of the Church at Petersham should be followed. It would have to be decided at some future time what to do, but as this method of having every alternate seat free had answered its purpose admirably in one parish, it certainly appeared that it would be advantageous to try it here. (Applause.) Mr. 'i'. J. Haydon seconded, and the motion was carried. The following gentlemen were elected to the Parochial Council : Messrs. W. 15\. Adams, T. Forrest, T. J. Haydon, K. C. Brecht, A. G. .Saunders, C. C. Ravenscroft, J. J. Kingsmill, and the Rev. II. S. D. Portus. At intervals during the meeting the local orchestra played some splendid music, and Mrs. Adams contributed a song, all of which certainly helped to make the evening enjoyable. JJefore the election of Councillors was pro ceeded with, refreshments were handed round by a number of ladies, and it is needless to say that they were very acceptable and also tended to make the evening enjoyable,—aifd the male members present at once realised that there was at least one very great ad vantage gained through the " franchise" being extended to female members of the Church. A vote of thanks to all who had assisted to make the evening enjoyable, and also a similar vote to the Arch deacon for presiding, were carried by acclamation, and the meeting ter minated, 