The Haunted Jetty. By Bowabd Newton McCulloch. O'er all there hung the shadow of a Fear ; A tense of mystery the spirit daunted, Which said as plain as whisper in the ear— ' The place is haunted.' : . — Hooa. »? What aflreary hole,' was Pink's first thought as in the grey dawn the little rickety steamer, lolloping through the heavy confused sea, made the port of V . a*iuubtiiic iu mi} ur uunu vi ^tuueuamuu. auu Cct' '? | tainly, es the growing lierbt and the waddling steamer I \ .together opened up the land, the view was not prooiig II: aucg. Aflat mangrove- coated shore, backed by sand L-- iiummocke, with here and there a clump of ugly trees, rj ioraed the setting to an assemblage of five tin-roofed i -i \ shanties, a wharf, and an insignificant piece of brick - £ .] 1 work labelled ' H.M. Customs,' which comprised the '? j] ** rising and prosperous port of Burn&ville;, N.Q.'— to ; n quote the Colony's Year Book. At the wharf, which ;f ji .projected for quite twenty- five yards from the shelter \t: of a small reef — a natural break- water — which i I i elbowed off the southerly and easterly seas, a couple of ; \ email schooners were loading and unloading languidly :jJ *in the rising day, the operations being superintended ' - by a little wiry man in a big palmetto' hat and dirty ?[? ' white aucks. I ! This gentleman represented the ma jetty of every i i , thing connected with Law and Authority then in js \ :-Bumsville, for he was sub-Gollector of Customs, Jus i ?? tice of the Peace, and agent for the only fire insurance | : ^company doing business on the Queensland coast ?; ; between 15 degrees and 16 degrees South latitude. As ? tbeCottesloe rounded the reef the sub-Collector dis | continued swearing at the Kanaka crews and the only ; ; whitey-brown mate left in charge-r-the rest of the ©fficers (which meant Collis and Lake, the skippers, and Hurst, the other mate) being occupied more agree j ; ; ably ashore— and walked to the end of the wharf to \- ! * watch the steamer come in. He accommodatingly i , ' caught and hitched on the rope skilfully flung him by \- the deck-hand, androthedirtylittletrampsidledalong ' : ?ide&nd; brought up with a bump and a squeal nimbly ' ] clambered aboard. Lafone, the captain of the Cottes \- j Joe, greeted him cordially, and together they walked ' ?? into the brown deck- house, placed forward of the ? funnel, where the ship's .charts, flags, and five volume ; nautical library were kept, together with the chrono ' ; meters and a special whisky, which Lafone invariably offered to sub-collectors, landing-waiters, and others in authority. Here such business as might - be necessary— such as a cursory glance at the manifest and the exchange of newa, judiciously interspersed with, a look at the bottle of whisky— was gone « through. Meantime Pink bad routed out the solitary tin box which contained his earthly belongings and, with the deck-hand and the Chinese cook, got it on the wharf. The half-dozen variegated labels still adhering to the trunk showed that its owner must have covered a good deal of water, if not land, for London, Mel bourne, Brisbane, and Townsville were each and all pasted in a more or Ies3 frayed condition upon it. Pink, after five years of ' colonial experience,' which ? had landed him finally in Brisbane after travelling all round the island continent, had there picked up the job he was going to, viz., bookkeeper, storekeeper, and general handy man at the Tunnona sugar mill, situate Seventy mileB north-east of Burnsville by sea, and three miles inland up the Woonoya Creek. You got there by steamer from Brisbane to Towns ville, then you took the palatial Cottesloe to Burns ville, and then you were dumped out on the wharf to make inquiries aB to getting to Turmona. McLeod, the Scots engineer, came on deck while Pink was looking about him. He whistled the whitey-brown mate of the nearest schooner, who came down the wharf. He was a Malay half-caste with a horrible scar right across his face, but he was communicative to (i degree ; after talking for. two minutes McLeod turned and called Pink. ' Look, laddie,' said he, ' this is the mate o' the near boat: Lake, the skipper, is drinking in the Japanese Loose yonder, but the mate, will take ye up the noo — j e'ro no' frechtened o' the lasses, eh ?'— with a grin —'an* ye can juist tell him whaye are, and gang wi' him to Tur-rmona the mor row morn. Or ye can' juist rest here— we're no' gaun to leaTe for twa dees, ye ken -till Lake has e'en had his fling.' Pink hesitated a minute; then he decided to wait until the morning. At anyrate his bunk on the Cottesloe was preferable to sleeping on the stores now being bundled into the half-decked schooner, which was sure to swarm vrith vermin, like all sugar boats. 'Right, Mr. McLeod,' he said, ' I'll take your advice, and many thanks. I don't suppose the skipper '11 mind— oh ! there he ie.' Lafone and tho sub- Collector at that moment came out of the deck-house smoking ; their business finished. Laf»ne readily assented to his solitary passenger staying aboard — ' though he'd enjoy him self more ashore '—End introduced him to the sub Collector, who, when he heard that Pink was going up to join the sugar mill, looked interestedly at him. ' Do you swim ?' said he. Pink replied that he did and liked it. ' Well, don't swim too much in Woonoya Creek when you get there. Fond of fishin' ?' Pink was not. The sub-Collector grunted. ?'Fraid of ghosts?' Pink atiid he was not ; he didn't beliere in them. Another graut. The 6kipper and McLeod, rather to Pink's surprise, did not 6eern at all amused at this abrupt catechism, but looked quite serious. So Fink asked the purport of the sub Collecior's questions. ' Oh ! nothing -nothing,' was the answer. McLeod simply shook his head and went below, and Lafone deepened. Pink's bewilder ment and curiosity by saying significantly ' You'll hear all about it when you get there.' Then he and the Gub-Collector went ashore, while Pink put in the rest of the day watching the unloading of tho sugar from one schooner, and the loading of the Btores into the other, and in writing up his diary— a practice which he had kept up through five years in diaryless Australia. Morning brought a quieter sea, a gentle easterly wind, and the festive Lake— the latter the wreck of a once -powerful aud finely-built man. He wa* still heavy with drink, or opium, or both, and tumbled in on too of the stores which littered the schooner, and went fast asleep.' Pink bade good-bye to the decent homely little crew of the little steamer, and followed the half-caste Malay mate aboard. In ten minutes the vessel had cleared '' the rising and prosperous port of Burnsville,' and an hour later was standing up the coast about five miles out. The flat shores soon gave place to a bolder coastline, the vegetation improved, and the eternal mangroves disappeared, leaving in their stead graceful palms and wild fruit trees. In the late afternoon they came to the m/mth of a wide and shallow creek with a narrow tortuous chauuel, running: in a north- westerly direction, closing in like a funnel to a narrow, steep-banked, salt water river. With tho favouring wind tbe vessel ran well up this rivfr, on the south bank of which sugar plantations and fields of pineapple plants strotehed inland, eating into tbe luxuriant jungle, avd here and there small buildings stood up from the clearings, further up, in a picturesque situation on the river bank, thereabout steep and covered with vegetation, stood a pile of tumbledown, white-painted buildings topped by a tall iron chimney, and below it, in a cleft of a bank, was a shed and a log jetty. This was short, betokening deep water, and it seemed to suddenly thrust itseif out from the heavily clad bank, down which a narrow path had been cleared and a shoot built for the easier handling of the bags of sugar. In the declining day, the overshadowing banks,' the trees, and the pile of the mill combined to give the approach a dark and for bidding appearance, to which Pink, always of a thoughtful turn of mind, was by no means insensible. As the little schooner quietly drew towards the narrow ing creek Lake, refreshed by his long sleep, woke, and seeing Pink stared scowling'ly at him. ' How did you come aboard ?' he asked. Pink explained, and the man seemed relieved to find that his passenger was only to be a subordinate in the mill.1 ?«? Oh ! another d ? d clerk ! Well, youngster, ms and you'll not hit up against each ether much, anyhow. Still, I'll give you one piece of advice which the other chap neglected, and which'U keep you in good health while you're here. Don't go in swim ming.' Pink, more mystified than ever at this curious advice, which tallied so exactly with that offered by tho sub-Collector, would have questioned Lake, but at that moment the schooner's sails were dropped, a little dingy put overboard carrying two men. and a rope, and the vessel was then gently warped in to the jetty. It was lapidly falling dark as a tall thin, man, with a brown, bearded face strode down the bank path and on to the jetty. Lake saluted the newcomer with a nod as he gave some orders to the crew, who commenced to frantically unload the top layer of stores. Tho tall man looked keenly at Pink and than held out his hand, eaying : «« How are you ? You're the new boakkeeper aren't you? Fink? My name's Burton. Mr. Hall, the Townsville manager, told uie you would be up in a. few days. Come along up aud get some teal Lake ' — turning to that gentleman— ' you'll fiud some tea, when you've done, in Mbrley's room, and we'll go into figures after in the office. Let me lend you a hand with your trunk. That's it ; now then.' And the two vent off up the path. Lake, left behind, cursed the clumsiness of his mate and the crew of three Kanakas in not getting in before. 'Here! Shove a tarpaulin over the rest of those things and clear up, you blasted skulker* ! Afraid for your poor, miserable bodies— you' ve got no souls -just because some old women in men's trousers skile about ghosts! Ghosts, indeed ! I'll ghost you I' The mate and the Kanakas needed no second bidding. For some unexplained reason, they showed the liveliest desire to get away from the schooner and the jetty to which she was fastened ; they kept looking alarmedly round, and jabbered away at a great rate as they drew a large tarpaulin over the stores which remained in the vessel. Then, hastily grabbing the few packages which they bad thrown out on the jetty, they vanished up the path in the descending gloom. Lake, who had occupied himself with lighting his pipe, shouted out another curse after them. ' The curs !' he growled ; ' frightened as school-kids ! Temba, too -and with part white blood in bis veins !— ae bid as the Kanakas.' Then Iris thoughts took a new direction. ' Tea— Burton said tea, did he ? Well, he can keep his tea: I've got something better.' And grumbling, and nnoking, and cursing all in a breath, he stepped from the jetty to the boat, and, after searching in the after locker, produced two bottles, at one of which he took a hearty swig, putting the other, unopened, in his coat. lhe fiery liquor burned up instantly in his heated brain ; he stopped just as lie was leaving the jetty, turned back, threw himself flat down, and again applied the rum-bottle to his fips. Then he coughed, hiccoughed drunkenly, and murmured, 'Ghosts-! I'll ghosts 'em— give 'em thish '.' His left hand wandered to hie hip- pocket and drew out a short, heavy derringer, which is more deadly at close quarters than the biggest revolver, and after Eome difficulty cocked its two triggers. Then, intent on watching for the ' ghosts,' he once more drank, threw away the empty bottle, looked sillily up at the Btiirs, now shining brightly in a moonless eky, and— went to sleep. * * * * * Mr. Burton— long, thin, melancholy, hospitable, and gcod-heirted — sat opposite Pink, who had done full justice to a welcome meal. After asking him all sorts of questions, and giving him a brief outline of his new duties, the mill manager suddenly revived all the curiosity which had been aroused in Pink's soul by saying—'* And if- you want a swim, don't go in the creek, but just go and have a dip in the dam at the bottom of the clearing, by the receiving-house; it is not safe to swim in the creek.' Pink at once mentioned the previous warnings which he had received from two absolute strangers, and asked what the dacger was. The manager's face clouded. 11 Well, 1 don't exactly know,' he said. ' No, it's not sharks— they rarely come in over the bar — and it's not alligators, for the waters salt, but there is some thing -Eome water-beast or other — which has been about here for the last three or four months, and which, we think, has caused the death of no less than four persons. The man whose place you are taking was the last but one to disappear in a most mysterious manner, but I'll tell you, if you like, exactly what I know or have heard.' Give me a light, will you ? Thanks.' 'I should have thought,' began the manager, ' that Lake would have to'.d you something on ibe way round ' (Pink thought of the skipper of tbe schooner and his nine-hours' nap), ' but he is a sceptical man, and says openly that there is a nothing in the strange occurrences of tne last few weeks except carelessness and coincidence. However, I fear that he is wrong. Whenever one of the vessels is lying here, waiting to fill up, 1 have hitherto insisted on Collis and Lake keeping a man on board as watchman - perhaps caretaker would be the proper word, aB the man could always go to sleep — and up to three months ago that was always, done. Then one morning, when Collis' schooner was in, the crew went down as usual, but the watchman, a Japanese, had disappear ed without leaving a solitary trace. We concluded that he must have fallen overboard, or walked over board in his sleep, and been drowned. About a fort night afterwards another man— this time a Kanaka — also belonging to Collis's vessel, was spirited a\vj.y, only thif» time there was an alarming feature about it. It was a very close nigh', about 12 o'clock, and I was sweating on my bed, trying to get to sleep, when I suddenly heard a yell of terror —not very loud, as it is some little distance from my house to the jetty, but quite distinctly the howl of a terrified coloured man coming from the creek. I jumped up, slipped on ray boots, collared my rifle, and ran out to the top of the bank to a place where 1 cou'd see the jetty. It was a moonlight night, though not very bright,* as the moon was only in its first quarter, and 1 could see the schooner lying alongside the jetty, both looking misty and distorted. Just a- my eye fell on the jetty 1 heard a splash, and then there was urter silence. I looked and listened long and earnestly, but nothing made sound or movement, until 1 heard steps behind me, and saw Collis and Morley, our engineer, coming to wards me. They, too, had heard the yell, out had seen nothing, probably because they got to the bank a minute later than 1 had done. Wo all three went down to the schooner, and searched all about by the aid of a lamp which Morley had brougut. The only thing we found was a pipe and the Kauufea'a blanket, but the outer side of the* vessel was wet and sliniy as if sonifl unclean Thing bad crawled up it in the night. ' When the news got out the whole of the Kanakas refused to stop on board at night, even though Coilis, who is a brave man, watchqi all the following night on board. He told ms th&t; he paced up and down from jetty to ship and from ship to jetty, hour after hour, and never heard a sound, save the fish jumping and the curious insect-noises of the undergrowth.^' ^' Well, for nearly a month tbe jetty and such of the boats as might bo alongside were watched from the 4-ank, bat nothing ever showed itself, and confidence was coming back to the niggers when the next death took place. Young Beyts, your predecessor, was a bit of a dab at swimming, and very fond of fishing. After work he always went for a Bwimin the dam, and then, perhaps, he would get his lines and go and fish off the jetty. There had always been lots of fish about up to the time of these mysterious disaopsarances, but, quite unaccountably, the fish suddenly disappeared, much to Beyts's annoyance. However, he would not give up, but ground- baited liberally, and. kept on trying his luck. ' Well, on September 24— just over a month ago — Beyts was fishing towards evening off the jetty when he dropped his pipe, a very ornate pipe it was, too— the gift of his girl, 1 believe. It drifted slowly away, and began to sink at the same time, according to what the Kanakas, who were near at the time, told us after wards, and Beyts, being afraid it would be gone in a moment, dived in after it. He was in a thin white suit, and the Kanakas say that, although it was getting on towards night, the gleam of his form through the water could be seen indistinctly for a couple of Eeconds. Then, they state, he disappeared— one man swore into a thick clump of sea weed— and, as far as lean make out, he never roBe to the surface at all. ' I was in Burnsville at the time, but Morley and the rest did everything they could to find the body. They never found it. If it had been caught in the Eeaweed Beyta's dead body would have been discovered, and as it wa« clad in white it would have been hard to miss it, even in twenty or twenty-five feet of water. Even then it would have come to the surface after a few days, as the tide would not have been strong enough to wash it out to the bar. The last disappearance happened only last Tuesday, when a mill hand, who had managed to get hold of some filthy liquor, got obscsnely drunk, wandered down to the jetty, and went to sleep on it. He has never been seen since, and the other niggers . are so scared that they would sooner be chopped to pieces than go near the accursed place after sundown. They say, and with some show of reason, that the place is haunted by a Devil from the Sea, or by an evil spirit of the Earth, who can live in the water and an the earth too; who goes abroad when it gets d*rk, and sleeps under the water in the day. And, 1 don't mind telling you, that I, and Morley, and Collis, too ; yes, and all the while men here,- except, perhaps, Lake, who is always half -primed, are a good bit uneasy in our rnindo about it We've searched everywhere in the daytime and yet have never found anything, and — Hullo ! Morley.' The door had opened, and an elderly, grey-bearded man looked in ' Have you seen anything of Lake f' he asked. ' Why, I told him he'd find some tea with you. Didn't he come up?' ' I had some for him. but he ain't been in to get it yet,' was the reply. ' Well, lie must have ? . Good Goi I what's that?' Two loud reports cams echoing up through the dark night and stopped Mr. Burton dead in his' speech. Then there came a dreadful frenzied yell— another and another —and then all was still. Pink's blood ran cold, Mr. Burton was turned to stone, and old Morley shuddered till the light door shook agein. ' Christ save us !' he said, and the words broke the spell, for the manager leapt from his seat, seized a rifle standing in the corner, and dashed out of the door, calling for lamps. P.nk took up the light off the table and ran out, almost failing into the raob of terrified hands, which had gathered outside when the shots were heard. Morley brought another lamp, and the two made their way to the jetty, where they found tbe manager,' rifle in band, straining his eyes into tho darkne&s.; The light disclosed a broken bottle lying in a pool of spirit, an old briar pipe, a box of matches, and Lake's derringer, with both barrels discharged. The side of the jetty opposite to that, where the schooner was fastened glistened with wet where Something had beon— a elimy, viscous patch of moisture, which covered an area of perhaps twelve feet square, with outlying narrower streaks of moisture. They held the lamps above the creek, and tried to peer inco the black looking depths, but the light revealed nothing, save a few small jellyfish loafing on the surface. 11 It's all up with Lake, 1 fear,' said ths manager sadly, '? but what— WHAT in the name of mystery in this Horror that comes by night and snatches men away i' fto one answering, he led the way back to the mill, in one hand hiB rifle, in the other Lake's derringer. Nobody got much sleep that night. Next morning tho creek was examined and sounded in the vicinity of the jetty, but no sign of the' unfortunate Lake could be found, nor, like Bsyts'e, was his body ever recovered. The gloom on the manager's face deepened daily, and a seme of terror took possession of the unfortunate Kanakas who had anything to do near the jetty after sundown. As to going on it, no bribe or threat could have made them do so ; Temba, ths half-caste Malay, was only oneiegree less frightened, while even the white men avoided the spot as much as possible. Still, the business of the concern had to be carried on, and there was nowhere else such an advantageous place to load from ; had there been the Haunted Jetty would have been at once abandoned. , ?- Pink had many a conversation with Mr. Burton and old Morley about the mystery, but he never got one inch nearer elucidation. Then he had a bright idea, which be imparted one night to the manager, who ax. once fell in with it. The next boat that came in from Townsviile bore to Burnsville a fine, large, fat pig, which duly came on to Woonoya Creek in Collis' schooner. That night a -, .ancil of war was held in the manager's house, at which he, Pink, Morley, Collit, Hum (successor to the unfortunate Lake), and Wat. son, a friend of Collis'a attended. Mr. Burton briefly explained the scheme. Finguis porcus, the fat pig, just before sundown would be fastened securely in tho middle of the jetty and supplied with sufficient fo-.d to keep him quiet. Close by, a large case with several small holes cut in it, commanding the ' bait,' would be strongly secured by bolts to the jetty in such a manner as to defy anything short of a crowbar. In this the manager would take up his position with hiB rifle and a dozen rounds ot ammunition. Collis and Pink, each armed with an axe, would remain perdu near the end of the ' shoot ' ; Morley, Hurst, and Watson, armed with sharpened crowbars, would occupy a strategic position to the roar, whence they were 10 rush in and baiter ths Honor as soon as it had fast tened on poor piggy. To indues the mysterious visitor to stay a little lon ger than usual, a strong rope, looped in a slip-knot and running landward to a solid post, within reach of Morley and Co., was to be so disposed as to laEsoo the monster, if monster it was, whose form was so far un gues.'ed. The manager was to fire one shot at it before anything was done ; if that was followed by two shots in quick succession Morley and his party were to haul on the lassoo tor all they were worth, and the rest were to rush on and cut and hack it to pieces. As it would be moonlight lamps were not likely to be needed, but in order to avoid mischance Temba was to have two lamps ready lit in the tuolhouse and to rush down with them when he heard tbe shots fired. If the monster could get away from such a trap, he might and welcome. They rehearsed most of tho scheme on the following afternoon and felt confident that it would be successful, if only the sneaking, crafty, murderous Horror would be tempted by a pig. Just after sundown they took up their positions, with piggy laid put comfortably on some straw, tethered limb by limb so that it could only roll from side to side. Mr. Burton got into his case, whicii Morley and Watson bolted down, and the res;, in their places', awaited developments. The light iaded and passed away, and for more than an hour it was nearly pitch dark -an hour in which tae nnuager prayed tuat the Thing would not come. Then the moon, huge, red, and threatening, stood tiptoe ou ths Wes tern horizon, ^.and slowly commenced her voyage through the .night. The' gloomy world brightened bit by bit, as. the dead planst rose, until there waa \- sufficient light for the watchers to clearly see the jettr, with the ' bait ' and the manager's case, from which the rifle barrel protruded half-a-dozen inches. Savo for the multitudinous whisperings and rustlings, and chirpings of the insects in the bush, everything was very still, and the silent watchers were growing stiff from their constrained attitudes. Pink took out his watch ; it was nearly 9 o'clock. Would it come ? The bait was fast asleep- his troubles ! There was a movement in the still water close to the jetty— a touch upon the timbers, a very slow and gentle touch which could be distinguished only by nerves wrought to painful tension. Then in the moonlight the manager saw a long whip-like feeler, quivering and swaying, shoot swiftly up above the edge of the pier fleck, followed almost instantly by two, three, four more. They were perhaps eighteen : feet long, gradually thickening as they ran i over the edge of the jetty to join on to the as yet | invisible body, and were of a ghastly, livid, browniah | colour. On the under side, the side which touched I the boards, hundred of cup-like discs, ranging in sizo ! from a threepenny piece to a small saucer, could be ' distinguished, and then the watchers knew what the ; Horror was. It was a huge octopus -an amphibian ; almost, through its recent practice of climbing out of the sea after its viotims— which had made its Home in that little arm of the eea and battened on fish or men, as it could. In another instant its hideous head, furnished with very large, black eyes which, shone in. the moonlight with devilish, inexpressible malignity, was raised on a level with the jetty.' Another ten tacle came overside, and three of them fell swiftly right across the recumbent form of piggy. The ani mal woke and shrieked with terror, striving to roll away, but the horrible tentacles clung to it with vast strength, seeking to draw it toward the edge of the jetty where the monster could sink with it into the sea. But the fastenings about the pig were strong ; one to each foot and a stout cord round its middle. The octopus humped itself upward and bulked larger on the ]etty under the moon, while the watchers stared, fascinated at the extraordinary spectacle before them. Two more arms closed in an unfriendly embrace round the straggling, shrieking animal, and a stronger pull came on the five cords. Not yet. The repulsive monster lifted all its huge bulk above the ddge of the jetty and drew itself clumsily but quickly towards its hapless prey. Its body was as large as a large barrel and it looked hideous enough to frighten a city. Its formidable appearance, its size, and its rapidity of movement outside its true element made it uncanny and awful to a degree, and for the moment the manager forgot himself in gazing at it. Then he raised his Winchester and a spurt of flame leapt from the case ; two others followed quickly and the bullets buried themselves|in the ugly, misshapen body. Th» wicked eyes turned to the spot whence the flames had come, but in another second the stout rope running round the pigs' resting-place was hauled upon by Mor ley and his men, the noose settling itself round tha wcole forepart of the octopus. Quivering with fright and rage, for, now, in its turn, it was both frightened and hurt, the loathsome Thing sought to retreat. It relaxed its hold en the half dead porker and, tied up aa it was, drew itself backward toward the water. Stf now it bad to face more formidable eBemUs, for, seeing its plight, Coliis and Fink rushed out with, their axes and hacked at thehatefnl, writhing arms with revenge ful fury. The tentacles which were not caught by the noose seized. on the two men as they slashed madlv at the Horror, and once Fink was thrown down, while . a horrible ara grasped his neck. Snt now Morley, Hurst, and Watson threw themselres upon the Thing, and in less than a minute their crowbars and the axe of Coliis had battered and cut it to a hideoue, palpitating ruin. A vile smell or musk filled the air ; the jetty was slippery with slime and blood, and the black secretion ejected by the octopus directly it was attacked, but half hysterical with delight the men danced madly round the remains of the cephalopod, to the astonish ment of the trembling mill hands, who had heard the war from afar, and who now stood looking on at a decent distance, wondering and afraid. The manager, who had been battering at his prison ever since he had eeen Fink and Coliis hurl themselves into the fray, fras released by the very crowbars that had done to death the Nightmare of the Sea, and the unfortunate pig, whieh had suffered several cuts in the melee, an well as his fright, was also set at liberty. He lived long afterwards to be known with great honour as the de coyer of the Haunter of the Tormona Jetty. 