ÜÜWüiti tfATJÜ'Ä WüiliüiL. i o-, By LAWRENCE L. LYNCH, tftttbor of " Against Odds," " Mo Proof," >,. . &c;" &c.; L r .?*'*->» i. , - - '---=. ' CHAPTER XXI, : f* A Morning Call. When the inmates of the villa awoke next norning they found that Mrs. Myers had already departed. 6he had risen very early, called for her pony, none the worse it would seem for Its " runaway," and had bidden the housemaid ^the only Indoor servant then up-to say to her hostess that she, Mrs. Myers, had for- gotten, befoie retiring, to say that she must return early on account of Important busi- ness which might involve a hasty journey, fiddlng a profusion of thanks and regrets, " She was sorry," the maid added, " to go away so early, and would give herself the opportunity to thank them in person at Another time." Aunt Cassandra was nonestly chagrined at this abrupt leave-taking, but hope was ovidently relieved. As for tüo sheriif, his comments are few, and of an extenuating nature. The lady naturally would be anxious to return the pony, which belonged to Thurton's livery ; aud Thurton was apt to charge the price of a good hoi se tor tue overnight use of one. Mrs. Myers might not possess the puise of a Fortunatus. He said little more than this, and sought no opportunity to speak aside wiih Hope. He seemed preoccupied, and made no reference to his work of ibe previous nigiit, although ehe knew that his light had burned until far Into the small hours, and It was only when, his horse being ready at the door, ho turned to bid them adieu, that he tald, as he took Hope's hand : " I have taken the liberty of carrying away with me two or three small articles-a letter, some pictures, and the like, which I may be able lo make useful. They will be restored to you, of course, and soon. Another thing, I have left, upon the open top of your brother's desk, Miss Chetwynde, a number of letters and an old diary, which I particularly wish you would read, both of you, I mean," turning to Aunt Casa. " After you have read them-in a few days possibly-I shall Wish to tjllk again, with you, and more fully with you both. MIBS Cassauura," and he turns toward tho spinster, releasing Hope's hand in the act, while that young woman atepa across the morning-room to leply to eome word from the old gardener, fur the girl ÍB invaria'oly kind to her domestics, never failing to hear with patience what- ever they may wish to say to ner, and never treating them to those little touches of haughtiness to which her Immediate family are sometimes treated. While she is thus engaged, the sheriff bends his tall headland grizzled locks, to look In the spinscer'è) upturned lace. " I hope you ,vlll ¡give thoi,e p'apers your close attention," he says luipiesslvoly. "I have much fuith In your sound sense, Miss Chotwynde, and"-glancing across his shoulder toward Hope-" 1 must find or make an opportunity to advise with you before I see MUs Hope Chetwynde again." As he mounes his horse, and waves them a last adieu, the little spinster looks after him, noting the well-set and shapuly head, the strong profile, best teatuie of a rugged face, and erec carnuge 01 mo bioad shoul- den, although the man Is, as she well knows, quite sixty years of age ; a clear brained, keen-witted man. "What can it he concerning Felix Chet- wynde thai he mut>t conduit with her about before it comes to the attention of Hope ?" she asks herself. 'As for the sheriff, he rides away with his thoughts upon the packet he cairies in his Inner pocket, a packet containing a pic- ture of a young girl, with short, curly hair, and a dark, piquant face. A second ole ture, of the sort favoured in small towns in the days oí old, and called " tintypes," this being the faded and tattered presentment of two young men, dressed alike In cowboy costume, and not unlike in face. Besides these, there are a number of letters and Bilpa nf paper, written over in the sheriff's own hand, and being, doubtless, copied ex- tracts from letters and othor documents. " It's a queer state of affairs !" he mutters to his only confidante, his faithful steed, and then he shakes his head. " I wonder if either of these women suspect-I wonder if that keen-eyed, straight-from-the-shoulder, little woman has never felt 'a prickling of the thumbs.' Women have all kind of intentions, old chap, hey ?" And, having turned his thoughts upon the " little woman," he seemed to find,tie subject ^in- teresting from a purely' personal point' of View. " She's worth just exactly twenty-five of your ' sweet young girls,' " he declared. " Don't shake your old head, you stupid ! You haven't had a good look at her ; and she's every whit as young to look at as when she first came down to> Lee for .the summer with her tall and high- headodvUiecc, but a slip of a girl, and-oh, pshaw, you-old gander, don't shake your,head,off-and that strong, firm, good mouth,' 'and those clear, deep gray eyes would make any woman , pretty. More than folks can say o£ our beauty, you old jay, you !" Which was | quite unjust to the clean-limbed, stately animal, who had grown to seem to his mas- ter half human. But while the " little woman's" regard for Sheriff Thomas Cook was considerable, he was not the prime object of her thoughts, as slio let them work, on., whi-k*-walting for ' Hope to signify lier readiness to unburden herself. Something was troubling her mind, and she had not yet found her way to a deelsUn regarding it. She had made a discovery, not serious or shocking in itself, buty~ taken in connection with other persons and things, it might prove of moment, and she was not yet certain whether to confide it to Hope, , or whether to keep silence until she saw the sheriff once more, AntVthis/is the- dis- covery. /.-" v-" "<?;£,>> ) The villa Is 'built for summer uses, ¡and there is a broad veranda'all round it below, and a lesser one, divided by projeotlng gables, above, on the tíham'bor floor. Auut Cass occupies the iroom upon the front bal- cony at the north-öast corner, and the strange guest lias ibeen assigned to that upon the opposite, or south-east cornea-, w.-th the ibalcouy creasing boitlh rooms at the front. Aunt Cass, who professes to Jivo upon " .fresh air," usually walks for a s;hort time fosforo retiring upon this front balcony ; and being used to 'traverse its full length, Bhe steps out, shortly alflter the guest's door -has been heard to .close iböhind the maid who has proffered her servite, and been .thanked and sent away. The spinster lhas exchanged her gown for a soft néglige, and her little boola for noiseless, heeless ?slippers ; and, busy with her own Ihought's, abo paces .to and fro, looking out over the water, and forgets for the moment her meigh 'bour behind .the long French windows at ?the ib'alcony's further end ; and so presently eho ¡ha's crossed 'the line of light shining out from between loosely drawn cui'talns, and coming silently opposite the second window stops, for the moment, transflx-ed. For here the, curtain .is (but half-drawn ; the mirror is directly opposite, and standing before It is Mrs. Myers. Mrs. Myers, who has never ridden a bicycle, and .Who has no liking for the sport-and ehe stands befora the large mirror, whidh reflects her whole trim figure, -elad.in a 'bicycle costume ! hi'gh laced boots, short blade skirt, natty jacket, The next lustaut the eje of tibe spinster .takes In the fact 'tihat the 'bodice Is I'he same Worn during the day and evening, jaunty' lapels, white vest, and all ; that the staort skirt is of tlhe same black etuff, ponfect In " lit and ' ihand,' " and that, on a chair 'beside the mlrj-or, lies the discarded black" ekirt. with all lifts fulnessi, length, and iiwoup, while t'he looker-on can see that the little round hat or toque is diveatod of its soi't floating veil, and lies' upon the dress- ing-case close -hy. iA moment the trim little figure stands , thus before the mirror, .then she turns away, | her lips moving, a strange .mocking look, hUIif-smlle, ¡half- sneer, upon her face, and 'begins her piapara'tions for the night ; wihlle silently, and wondering much, Aunt Cass abandons her fresh-air promenade and re- turns to her own room. I All night her sleep is fitful and broken. But when the next day has passed Anne Cass has not yet opened her lips on the subject of the bicycle suit. 1 IA11 that day she meditates, -hoping that some turn of fortune may bring the sheriff to the villa, but he does not come ; and so, on the morning of the second day, she adopts .artful measures, 'for not all of Hone's confidences have served .o loosen 'her tongue regarding this one small matter. " Do you want the ponies this morning, Tiona ?" she asks, as they si: at breakfast. " No, auntie, I feel as if a long day of aulel. without' the slant of another face than yours, would be a boon. If you want the ponies, take them. do. I shan't in the least mind being alone-in case you are beguiled . Into remaining for luncheon." For Hone imagines that this is one of her aunt's frequent journeys of cheer and com- fort to Redlands that Is taking her from home. But it is not to Redlands that the little spinster drives the sleek ponies. Instead, after more than an hour of brisk scamper- ing, for the ponies show their disapprobation in, many ways, she draws, them up betoro a cottage Which stands' at 'lb"o Junction of two country roadways, half hidden among trees. It is the home of a Mrs. Rice-a woman widowed by an accident upon the lake and the temporary residence, also, of Mrs. 'Myers. > 'But Mrs. 'Meyers is not visible ; and, . after some effort, a litüle black- eyed woman, 'with gray hair blown rough by the lake Ibree^es, looking as affable and confiding as a child of tender years. It is surprising, too, how much this small person talks, and yet how little informat.on Aunt Cass .bears away. Going ruefully homeward she reduces It, in her direct way, to this. 'Mrs. Meyers has been looking for a certain (letter " for a whole week, very anxiously." It concerned a sick friend. Yesterday morning the letter came. The sick friend Iwas about to pass through the city en route for the Hot Springs, and Mrs. Myers has rushed off to the city to meet her. " She will stay as long as her friend remains in 'the city, so she said," Mrs. iKlce had told her. In the little cottage entry Aunt Cars sees an old and shabby bicycle, and asks who is the rider. " That," replies Mrs. Rice, " is my .nephew's wheel. He is spending his vaca- tion with me, and he rides in mud and In Tain-just like a boy !" As she drives away from the door Aunt iCass has a vision of a slim and shabby ted flitting from the barn towards the woods at tho 'back, and whistling " Annie Rooney" with fervour and brilliancy. fTho spinster rides away dissatisfied, and finds herself wondering if gulle may not durit beneath the gray locks of the widow Alee, and if she would be likely io accept a bribe. (But she does not turn back. CHAPTER XXII.-Suspense. During the next few dayt Sheriff Cook is 'very busy with certain litigations of im- portance, which requires -Is almost con- stant service, and, when he finds leisure, at the end of the fourth day, to look about 'him, and loam tho gossip of the town, he ifinds it busy with the nama of Loyd Hilton. How it (began it Is hard to guess, and how amazingly a six-days' growth of gossip can spread, only the dweller in the village, the country community, and the llttfle suburb of a large city, may kuow. It had gono tho length and 'breadth of Lee, and was on its travels up and down the lake shore, when Sheriff Cook first sighted it and sought to run it down. " Ain't heard oh it ?" queries Jim Walker, whoso mission In life seems to assist at saloon seances and street-corner confabs, and to subsist, as best he can, without much effort. " Wa', I do' know, It's strange I Ye see, yo've 'bin to court pur'y stiddy, 'n then yu sort of holt folks off 'bout talken with yu 'bout your line o' work, anyhow." And here Jim winks and looks 'knowing and confidential, and makes the sheriff long to kick him. " Can't tell how I hearn of it, first. But day 'fore yestiddy Tom Cole tole me 't that Brooks boy, what's allus pokin' around and snoopin', found a pl'ce ev paper onto the sidewalk, like 's if *t 'd ben tore of ov a letter ; 'n it claimed tu be from somebody 't was dearin' out ter git out uv trouble on 'count uv havin' seen young Hilton shoot I that Chetwynde feller up 't ther Heights. Oh, thar's lots o' fool tolk goln' on sher uff !" t And this the sheriff soon discovered. 1 When he had Bpent two days' sitting, questioning, listening to " old women's tales" here and there, he had made no perceptible progress. He had obtained the scrap of paper, a dirty pencilled scrawl, written with, evident attempt at disguise. It appeared like, a half-sheet, the last page of a letter, written in pencil, and sadly blurred, and it ran thus : " -count of seeing the Hilton fellow shoot at Chetwynde up at the Heights, close by the ravine. If the sheriff had any eyes he'd see quick enough how he got across the broken bridge, what I'd like to know just for curiosity, Is-how did the old wreck fall down just In the nick of time. " Can't say when I'll come back ; not till that thing blows over, for I don't care about being a witness. Take care o' my Interests, old feller. Yours on the jump.-T." What tho sheriff thought of this record it would have been hard to tell by his looks or words. What he did was to read it over once and again, examine it under a strong lens, nod two or three times, and then lock it carefully away In the drawer which contained the other " documents In the case." The breath of the mouth is an elusive thing, and even a Seen Bherlff or acute de- tective may not overtake It. Had that rumour taken* concrete form. Sheriff Cook would certainly have overtaken it, spurred on by his anger and his zeal. But he could not stop this rumour, nor run it to its source. Mrs. Kane, chronic gossip, and wholly un- reliable, told a story about a shabhy boy who had with him a muddy bicycle, and who regailed a knot of other boys, "jesfc=*f»£e. her kitchin winder," with a long tale;a*«u't ^Hilton's animosity to Chetwynde. tholr meeting in the woods, their quanel about something unknown, and the final shot re- sulting from it. This tale, coming from any other source, would have set the sheriff on a hunt for itne boy, who " Rid away on his rickety ole wheel jes' like ther wind !" But no one considered Mrs. Kane's tales, and he let it pass, though the description of the- boy gave him a moment's thought. But on the sixth day arter his night- at the villa, Mr. Cook himself receives \a letter, dropped in 'the Lakeside Post Ofltcc, It is brief and to the point. ' '"-* " If you want to arrest the person who shot Felix Chetwynde, arrest Loyd Hilton. He will confess if arrested." There is no signature, and when the sheriff has read it he indulges: in violent use of the language which stands, with him, for profanity. " It looks, to a man up a tree," lie solilo- quises, " as if somebody was trying to force my hand. They want me to arrest Hilton, to get him into trouble. Or else" -hero he strikes his big hand upon t his knee-with sudden emphasis-" Or else scjfic body's afraid. I'll happen to look anotner way at the wrong time. Now who-i^-" He starts again, closes his Ups, opens them to emit a long shrill whistle, and goes, after just another moment's thought, to his desk, whtire he writes a short nole to Hope Chetwynde, sending it by a swift messen- ger. In response to this note, and scarcely an hour after It Is despatched, Hope and her aunt arrive at the oluce, and are closeted for another hour with the sherifl. When the midnight expresB steams out from Loo, en route from the east, Sheriff Cook, In a very modest and retiring manner, enters the smoking car on the side fai tuest from the station platform, and when morn- ing dawns he is far from Lee. When Hope and her aunt bid Sheriff Cook adieu for an indefinite length, of time, it waa with very sober, very startled t.ices, in which, in spite of the seriousness and ..won- der, there is a certain blending of something like hope, like hesitating, but growing re- lief. This the sheriff sees. What does he not see ? And he holds the little spinster's gloved hand, as if forgetfully, for a long moment, while he says : " Now, remember, ladies, as yet this is only a pretty and well-iitting theory, with, of course, some proof, but nothing conclu- sive as yet. I know how lon¿ the time will seem to you, but if I do not come back by the first of the week you will know that the East has sent me to the West, and that will mean, or may mean, that we are upun the right track at last. My advice to you both is- see as few people as nosslble, refuse to be interviewed or questioned. I think I would rather not write you-" " Don't !" says Aunt Cass, with an as- sumption of severity, and withdrawing her hand as if she hid forgotten where it lay. " There's an old maid in the post office." " An Inquisitive old maid," corrects, Sheriff Cook, coolly. " I had her in my mind. And a country post office - your alfairs, ladies, are of deep interest to this community. I think I have no more to Bay. I am leaving to you 'the hardest task patience,'' and walting." " One thing-" Hope hesitates, and her face is rosy, while her eyes are full of pain. " The-the Hiltons-how-" " I had thought at first that I would see .young Hilton. I had hoped he might ap- proach me, but I tblnk we would becter let mait'ters rest as they are. The gossip can be no worse. And after all, a meeting now would be difficult- awkward, In fact, now. Your course has been a wise one ; why change It ? Courtesy towards the ladies, avoidance of him for the present. That, I think, is wisest." " Pardo» me- It is be3t to understand each other." It is Aunt Cass who speaks, firmly, but with her most courteous accent. " I have been, or tried to be, the same friend to Mrs. Hilton and to Lorna Hilton as be- fore all this wretchedness. I have been to see them, and shall go again. It is a pro i mise, in fact. As for Loyd Hilton, I pity the fellow ; and we seldom meet, fïou surely do not desire me .to desert those two women. They have not a woman friend nearer than the city." " I desire nothing which is distasteful to you, Miss Chetwynde. And I have every confidence in your discretion. Good-bye, once more, ladies." " He has confidence in my discretion," muses Aunt Cass, as they ride home side by ! side, and- silently for the most part. " He actually thought I questioned his ' belief ' In' my ability to keep a secret. I wonder Iwhat he would say If I told him of the ghott ? And I suppose he ought te know ;t. Still, it's not wy gboit, and Mrs. (Hilton has asked me to keep it to myself. I'll tell him my own discoveries, every one of them, but not the aliairs of my friends. As for Hope, it's just as well, I tancy, that she took the ghost story so ligntiy, and that I did not force her attention, nor in- dulge in details. Because-" But here Aunt Cass turns suddenly towards her me<.e. " Weie you very muon surpiUed, Hope ?" iHor voice is gentleness itself, and the sud- den question is prompted by the long halt sob, half-sigh that breaks from the girl's long silent Ups. Hope shakes her head and turns to meet her aunt's eyes. " No, Auntie. I have been haunted by the shadow of the thing, always I think in a vague vvay. And of late I have been haunted by it. The thought and the wish ii can't talk about it yet, Auntie." " And I won't," declares Aunt Cass, kindly patting the hand upon the reins. For some moments they drive on in silence, then Hope, woman-like, speaks again. " I am wondering what he could have meant when he said that there was some- thing else-a quite impoitant discovery, which he must not mention until his re Aura." " You mean Mr. Cook ?" " Of course." i " I can't imagine." But Hope says no more ; only her thoughts run on and on until she finds her- self saying over and over to her inner self, " What it he has found the person who wrote that note-who saw Loyd shoot him !" And her cheek grows paler, and she reacmes home heavy-hearted, more than ever anxious, and carrying now, for how long she knows not, a weighty burden of suspense, (To be continued.) 