THE GIMCRACK CLUB. Chsoniclxd T. &J; The usual weokly meeting of tha Gimcrack Club was. held at tho rooms, Cartridge-street, Bal- \- : main, on "Wednesday night, the President (Mr. Wriggletwist) occupying the chair. ' Hfi. H'XfnW Kftirl tba time Vfll DOW drawing nigh when AusUalia would cele brate its birth in a globus Outburst of national spirit. . ... Mr. Snazzlewit 1 I thought nil the spirits woro to bo imported ! Mr,. O'Moses thought tho occasion was a grand one, nnd one of which the country, might be proud. Hero was a'couutry flow ing with milk and hoaqy at the bright of its prosperity. It was true that half the sheep in the colony had died ; that half the farms had been burnt oat by bush fires; arid most of tho rest were mortgaged ; it was- true that several banks had not yet been ablo..to pay what they owed; and that whole crowds of unemployed were. overjoyed at the idea of getting ono week's work out of three ; but still the country - was. very prosperous, -indeed. Mr. Snagglewit: "Where does its pros- perity como in! ' - Mr. O'Moses: Look at its magnificent resources 1 Tbe mere fact that it had to send to the Raspberry Garden, called Tas- mania, for 75 per cent, of the iron ore necessary to start a steel rail,, works ; was abundant evidbnco - of its magnificance " in-natural -resources.- -Everybody was happy, and' nobody was rcally peor. It was ia time .of national rejoicing, especially ias the co9t of tho Great National Booze could be charged up to Loan Funds. That was tho beauty of Australian finance — when money was borrowed it could bo used for all. sorts of legitimate purposes, and the loyalty to tho mother country was so strong that there was never any diUioulty in borrowing from London Jews at a high rate .of . interest and a discount off tho principal sum borrowed. His heart swelled with. ' rpridb whon'he thought- ir—- ./ - .-t Mr., Snagglewit : -Did you got a Govern- mont invitation? , " Mr. O'Moses: 'Of course. -I .did. .I'm a- -,v -tJ.P. . All magistrates of ,tho territory got. invitations, and will attend all free. :: 1 -' 'Mr. Snagglewit': -Ciesar's ghost I There's 1 something in this J;P.. racket after alL' - - \- Mr. ChogsOp . confessed that ho' felt ' ..depressed. Ho lihd frequently, obsorvad' thatjiilarity and jubilation was invariably -followed by depression and misery; tliis ' rule applied personally as well as nationally. If you saw a man over night singing and .laughing, and swearing eternal brotherhood to utter strangers, it was safe to bet that, when he arose iu tho morning he would havo a head on him liko a boiled pumpkin, and would be despondent and disconsolate. Ho feared tiiatr when tho national drunk Tho President : . Order ! Mr. Chogsop: Why, tho. secretary o£ tho Citizon'sCoTnmittco is jiamedHenneassy.and though ho is i>ersonally a very abstemious ( gentleman his namo is most appropriate. It was a pity tho Organising . Secretary's name . was not Robertson or vYalker. or Daniel Crawford. Tho celebrations would mako everybody very hilarious, hut, alas, ho looked : ' , forward to .the time, at no distsotdate, when . the bills would come in, when the cost ofttfae olaborato junketting would have to bo met. Aud .thon they would ' sliortly have '. another Parliament - and Government to keep, and another benoh of Judges '- and . all. manner of . Officials.' And Lthey would have, to build a Federal / Capital on' tho pinnacle of Mount Ganoblas /''.or: on the black soil .plains of Yass, or 'among the snow-drifts of southern Monarb. " V' Oh,- he felt that though the GreafFreo / Drunk was at hand, the 44 terrible after- r. ' math was looming in the close distance." .7-/ It was drawing nigh. It was a sad and / 'dismal rcflcctirn to a porson of thoughtful df/rnind, to one who looked to 'the future and ; was not prepared to sacrifice every thing' tp . V- : ::tt pint of beer in the presoot. It' mqde his heart bleed . . Mr. Snagglewit ; If you don't stop this / ' /Toiserablo strain I'll make you'reMaukynoo .//iblo'od 1 . .-'Tlie President : Order ! IMr. Snagglewit: Well, what's he want to 'Mtiake us all qmurable for? I'm closo up to crying myself. ; . Mr. Bifkoii saw no cause for alarm. . The .more Parliaments they had the more peopto /. would got billots who might otherwise have .'/-to -join tho unemployed. And tho more . ; members of Parliament there > were the more business there would bo for butchers /. ,tnnd bakers and other. tradespeople,, .aU'of / /'whom had to omploy seme people. -Ho -'//.thought instead of reducing tbe ldbal ./C-c Parliament ' Mr. Snagglewit : Who say a it is .to be re- "v/duecd? /,.. Mr. -Bifken didn't say so. He. was sure / ; the legislators would take all sorts of care /'/'about .that. Of course the BilUtos '/ /riiado a Btrong point of the alleged T-./ tfact that under Federation tho, expense of '"/.the local Parliament would be largely do- //j, "creased ; but thuy never expected anybody /w/to believe thorn, and nobody would, excopt :'/./perhaps those simple personfe who did not /.understand politics. But he. .thought it // would be far better to increase the member- :/'/,ehip of the Assembly to about 400 or-600, V/ ad thcro should certainly bo 1000 meinhers the Federal Parliament. As .mostpoli- y/>; .'ticions wcro lawyers, tliis would roliove tho strain on tho legal profession, where com- / ' petition was bocomHng so keen that it. was '/t 'oeebming quite a rare thing to find a con- / '.ecientious lawyer. ... //Mr. Snagglewit: Anything new in that? t. ; Mr. Bifken did not know',whether if WW '. . , new or not, but he thought the larger Parts /.' liament was the better, and appkrentty the -;i. Lyne Government took the samb vieur. ' ;.. -. Mr, Snagglewit-: They're only truckling . to the Labor Party 7 / '- v i/' .Mr. Bifken said as the Labor Party put them iu ollico to suit themsblvo's it V/. was only right to truckle to them. , This / - was an ago of smoogo. Tho politician who . failed to smoogo had no hopb of getting '. ihto office. Qld Bingio Roid Was just tho- '//eanio. V ? '-/ The President : Ordor I ' - /i/ . Mr.. Bifkin apologised. If tho term / ;/ «« Bingio" was ofiensive he would with-' ,;/;v;draw it and . substitute Pot-belly Raid, y/TiVtieh'Mr.' Pot-belly Keid waB in offico — — . .'/! //The President : Horuer. Tho honorable /r member must speak resiieetfully of our .otatosmen, \ Vz /Mr. Snagglewit : How if you don't feel //'' jqair-'rospect for thom ? ; /r,/ 'The President: Then you must pretend /'V to" have it. Politics is neauy all pretence.' -/.-After the King Division eloction, Air. Reid /.'aljook hande with Mr. Barton whom he / //called his "great antagonist, " .and a few w.eeks later he was falling out of buggies up . '. iit the Macleay making desperate-endeavors to keep Mr. Barton out of Pnrliamont. -Honorable inembors must speak respectfully: -'p" of jmliticians. Sir. Chuoklehon : Guns and pigeons, \- ,-r'- : . ; : And pigeonB and guns, Of manifold variations \ i i-'. Are journeying down j s-, To Sydney Town j . -To look at the celebrations, - a/ -",. With creditors sick ... ... (> .. v;, J : At tbo.risky trick, -- And tho empty explanation -, - ,? But all must go . Y »> vsTo tho Beozing Show " g.- .. ' . i . .... At the Federal Celebrations ' /' \ ' ; -- The magsmen small " \- .r - And the burglars tell .Will hold their consultations t 4 \- TI10 confidence men -' . Jn tho boozing ken \ 1 -c Will make their preparations! . < And thiovos there'll be .Of overy degree, , -. t And various occupations ; : AU ready to rob The. chump, Legob, s At the Federal Celehratj.onn I . Mr.' MlParritoh- thought the Government had done a Very wise thing in postponing tho hanging 01 Jacky . Underwood and Jimmy Governor until the middle of Janu ary Tho papers bad been /till of " colob'ra- ions " for woks, and tlio people would bo £ali / of . beer for a week after Com-, manweali - Day. Then tjiero would 00 a re-action, and everything Vould be 'fiat, stale,' and unprofitable.. There would' be nothing in- the papers,, and no doubt that was why tho Government kept these ,t#o miserable wretches in tho tor ture -of suspense. The , papers would Ijr ablo- to give a r«<liash of tho otimo and compare. the outlaws with former desperadoes. This would afford plenty of copy in case tbare were no .more sensational dirorco cases or Gatton murders or boot trunk mysteries. , Besides, 'Nasoy Bob wanted to enjoy himself during the jubila tions jq»t as well as anybody.- else. No doubt tho Government had taken all theso \- matters into consideration. Mr. Snaggleswit : '.'/ Sir'WiUiatn, he's, gone onder, , And-Barton, he's & wonder, To get the lead ; ' And G. 'H. Roid,' - ' ' I bet,' he swears-like thunder. ' Mr.iPonderchug said Australia's - NobYeit Son had. euchred Australia's Yes-Nfblest Spn.-.-The wily Georgio wan ted. to keep Barton out, thinking he abhld more easily defeat-Dyne.- But Ly.ne went begging and praying, to Barton's push; , and . of course they al| studlc to Toby. - hfr. Snagglewit : How much dees he owe 'em,t«_. / . : The President : Order,-! Mr. Shagglowit :,Imeaa in the way of gtfttitudpt . ./Mr/Peuderchpg thought theyo wed every thing to. Mr. Button. That. great man. was. the only possiblo Premier. . If he, hid hap pened' to dio of over-eating or anything like that, tfie Commohwealtli would have had 'to be abandoned. : Some. people did hot seem to realise.- that Mr. Barton was tho ohty niaii in Australia' who ceuld have bioiight about Federation. Tlio. best years of his li'fo had been sacrificed to tho uoble caiiaoof providing moro, and batter billows for statesmen- in want of a 'job. .It was absurb of Lord - Hopetoun to havo sent for Lyneatall.. ; . ' / . Mr. Snagglewit-: It. was absurd of. Lyne not to havo'farmea a Government, anyhow. Tho. : Governor-General would havo been bound to give him a trial.!': : Mr. Ponuerchug thought that. probably the Barton push promised him .a- portfolio If. he retired in favor- of tho > groat and gifted stateman whose record was' without blemieh, and whese character, ; publio- or private, boro .: no stain. . Mr. Barton 1 had always been an ardent/Federalist when' out of office. .Somoboy, when ho got into offico h'e.-seomcd to forget all about it, . but, fortunatoly for our national greatnoss, he had to retire from the. Dibbs Government, and then, again; ho, as usual, put -on tho mantle. of Sir Henry.Parkes. /.Luckily ho did not succeed in ousting Premior Reid in 1899, . and so he went, en with the noble work. Probably, if lie bad-got into power as Prentier, he -might havp taken off ;tbe mantle 'again and put it in tbe cupboard until such £imo as ho was -again , out of office. However, the boycott against Lyne had succeeded, and Lyne deserved it. If hie hadn't tho coiirago to forri a Government without going to. Barton's push, what could he expect? . Mr. Chucklehen:. ; iLis a game that's full of tricks, If played for. love or Idcre, . And at tbe best dur politics ; Is just a gamo of euchre. > Mr. Woddlekin said the Empire was in danedr. —The 200,000 soldiers in -South Africa were uuahle to capture Christian do et, - who w-i's - striking terror into the' hearts' of 'loyalists. Only a fortnight ago lio.invaded Cape Colony with nine nAp and a:bciy, aud by the time the' BritUh .got to where they l&Bt; heard of him ho wob away up in Rhodesia. ' What was wantod - was rooro troops from Australia. (Cheers.) They must 'stick to the dear old mother country. Australia lisd .voluntarily become a recruit, iog ground for aoliers ; shbhad abandoned peace and 'thrown in hor! lot with the British policy of fighting the battles of the StoJk Exchange ; that being so there was nothing for it but to goon and keep on 'drain ing the cenntry of its hardy manhood unfll none hut the weak, decrcpid, and disloyal wero left.: - This country,- just beginning to be a new nation,' had no need, of hardy sons of tbe aoil;/tbey should all ..be .-sent, abroad to fight the battles 'of .Joo Chamberlain and ' Cecil .Rhodes. ...That was . the ."way to build mp' a nationto drain it ef its bone and sinew. And they had tho. -eatisfaction of-"' knowing . that if Australians- did - .what : woo wanted, the Queen would 'send' them a tin of chocolate every alternate Christmas, and they would be .warmly eulogised, and - made .to wait for their- pay if they -lived. -There was no doubt Australia would bo colled upon, and there could bo /no doubt, what .the re sponse would bo. . (Cheers.) Australia was' loyal to the,- Empire I Her people loved the old land, and would fight to crush tyrants who. refused to : use nocket-liaudkerchicfa ; lie referred to Mr. Krugar. (Loud cheers.) He now bogged to - move -that they adjourn to the Devil's Home to partake- of 'a. jorum of the hell- broth called rum. (Cheers.) \- Tlie motion was carried, and tho 'club adjourned.- 1 