PRIZE DRAWING-ROOM COME DIETTA. " HARDLY PAIR " Even in War J)" A ColrEDIETTA EN" TWO ACTS BY " Vixen." Scene T: A tent in South Africa. Date: December, 1S90. Time: Evening.. Dramatis Person®: Dickinson—lieute nant in the 17th Hussars—called by his intimates " Boxer "—discovered, pipe in mouth, verj' much in undress uniform, writing a letter. His desk is composed of a book balanced on his knee. '• Enter two of his " pals " known respectively, for no particular reason, as Pippin and Toddles. Pippin (smacking Boxer on the right shoulder and causing a huge blot): Hullo, old chap, writing to her, eh ? Boxer (irritably) : Get away ! Can't you leave a fellow in peace when you see he's busy ? (Pippin and Toddles hunt round for " bacca," and finding none, attack with scant ceremony, and simultaneously .their host's pockets.) Boxer (without removing his pipe from his mouth or his attention from his letter): Is skirmish spelt with an " i " or a " u," you chaps ? Pippin : " U," you duffer ! Toddles: " I," of course, juggins ! Boxor (looking hopelessly from one to the other): "Well, which ? Pippm and Toddles (in the same breath): "I," " U." Tell us what you are saying! Boxer: Only telling the mater about this afternoon's little affair. I know, I'll call it " shindy :" there can't be two ways of spelling that. Toddles: What caD there be to say about to-day ? Wo weren't in it. A description of seven hours in a trench without sight or sound of the enemy won't be very edifying, even for your doting old mater, will it't Boxer (ungraciously) : Shut up, and I'll read yon extracts in two twos. One must say something. (Silence for three minutes, and the steady scratching of Boxer's very ancient quill.) Toddles (sotto voice to Pippin) : "Wish to gooduess someone would write to my old governor for me. Relations are a beastly nuisanco 1 Pippin : I never know what the dickens to say to mine. I ought to send some thing in the way of news to my little girl, though. She's probably in a blue fit of anxiety by this time, and of course she'll read all about the charge of our men to-day, and won't dream that we were sent .round a back way to scout and missed the whole show. Boxer (looking up with a broad smile of entire satisfaction) : Now then, you fellows, what d'you think of this ? (Pippin and Toddles lean over his shoulder and read first sheet of letter with sundry ejaculations and expressions of amusement over the spelling. Boxer, at length gettingsielc of their chaff, snatches letter and reads it aloud with intense feeling.) Boxer (concluding) : ' At that momen the enemy came in sight, and our order were to charge for all we were worth Ourmen came up in splendid order, and takiug their position on the left flank wheeled suddenly round into the ver; midst of the enemy's ranks. The scrim mage which ensued I can only describi as blood-curdling, men falling mortal!; wounded at one's very feet, bullets whizz ing past one's head or bursting with deaf oning noisealmostin one'sface. Glancinj round in a brief pause, I. saw the mat next mc—an old chum of mine—grow white and throw back bis head. I knew he had been hit, but before I could tel him to get to the rear a second bullet hac finished him. At that moment I felt m; horse plunge and stagger, and had only just time to get myself clear before h< rolled over, poor old gee, shot througl the neck. At the sudden loss of twe good friends I got desperate, and jus! fought like a demon. I saw my victims fall before me like ninepins, and felt nc pity. That charge was one of the most brilliant things I have ever seen, and 3 shan't forget it in a hurry. A3 the Boers at last fell back before our deadly on slaught, those of us who could feel any thing were fairly exhausted. Doubtless, dear Mater, you will have read full details of the shindy, long before you get this letter. You have heard me speak of Pippin and dear old Toddles, well, we were all fighting side by side and shoul der to shoulder, and, thank Heaven, wo have all come through it, and with noth ing worse than flesh wounds to show for it." There 1 what d'you think of that ? Pippin (ignoring question): Say, Boxer, old boy, I suppose you couldn't let a fellow have that letter of yonrs to copy, could you ? Boxer (glowing with pride): "Why! is it so good ? ■' Pippin (slightly abashed): No—not that—at least, of course it is good—aw fully good—but I was thinking the same thing would do for Efiie, or very nearly the same, and it would save one the dickens of a lot of trouble. Toddles (springingupund smacking bis knee): Capital 1 of course ! won't it make my old governor sit up ! I'll copy it in half a jiffy "; you won't , mind, old chap, will you ? It isn't as if our people knew each other, or were ever the least likely to, for the matter of that, and I'll give you one of my last weeds for the loan and copyright of that letter—it's just ripping ! . Boxer (meditatively): Bight yon are, I'll close with that; but, hang it- all, it was Pippin's idea, so he must have the first look in. "What do you propose to fork out for it, dear boy ? Pippin (conclusively): Just a wee drap o' the crater (snatches letter and bolts). [Curtain.] ~' • Act II.: Scone 2.—A breakfast room in Mayfair. Date, January, 1900. Time, sarly morning. Dramatis Persona): EffieLarkborough, i very pretty girl of twenty and fiancee if Pippin; Tom, her brother; Jane [jarkborougb, her aunt, the threo are eated at breakfast. i Effie (putting down a letter which she has just finished perusing, with a puzzled expression): "Well they . can't hoth he right. Tom: Who ? Effie: "I've got a long letter from Pippin forwarded from home—a splen« did, letter—with such a grand description of the charge of the seventeenth! He was right in the very front arid fought those horrid brutesalmost hand-to-hand. Listen to this!" (Glowingly reads extract from Boxer's letter, now signed "Pippin." Her aunt and brother listen with hated breath, the latter showing great excite ment, the former trying, to conceal a sly tear which she quickly brushes away with her handkerchief.) Tom (when Effie comes to a dead stop, and blushingly reads to herself the few lines at the end actually composed by the delinquent himself): Who's your other letter irom ? Effie: That's . what's so funny! It's from Cousin Harry, and he says that for tunately Pippin was not in the cbarge_ at' all—tie got sent off on some scouting businoss with his two inseparables, Boxer and Toddles, and they were well out of the whole affair. Listen to this (reads from second letter): "I was awfully glad, little cousin, that your dear Pippin was safely out of it. He is such a hot headed devil when his blood's up, and he ^wouldn't have stood the ghost of a ohance if it had come to a hand-to-hand fight with those fiends. Only three of us got away unscathed—Mullock, Pierce, and Harvey, junior. My wound is only in my left arm, and they got the bullet out at once, which was jolly smart work"—and so on. "Well, Harry can't have known much about it—can he ? To say that Pippin wasn't even in it! Tom (after an expressive whistle) : One of 'em's shamming, I shouldn't wonder! Can't both be right, as you say; here, pass the "Standard," old girl ! (He unfolds paper and turns up " 'War News." Effie reverts to Pippin's letter and re-reads the last page with sparkling eyes.) Tom (suddenly): Here, listen to this— isn't this almost word for word what Pippin writes to you about their charge ? It's a letter from a man in the 17th to his mother, which she publishes " for the benefit of other anxious relatives." (Effie peers over Tom's shoulder and reads the letter indicated, which, to her bewilderment, is word for word the same as that which the post has just brought her from Pippin, and which is a day late owing to its having been sent to the country house of Effie',s family. It is signed " Boxer." They express their astonishment, and call Aunt Jane to come and compare the -written with the printed epistle. She is perusing, through her spectacles, a copy of the " Morning Post," which she suddenly drops with an ejaculation of surprise.) Aunt Jane: Why, to be sure—here's the identical letter sent to the editor by a proud father for the sake of other parents whose sons are distinguishing themselves in like manner 1 It is signed " Toddles.'" Effie (seizing the fallen journal and eagerly scanning the letter referred to) : It is the some as Pippin's—only the names, are different. Why, Pippin him self is mentioned. What can it mean f Surely they can't all three have gone through identical experiences can they i' Tom (meditatively) : Supposing Harry was right—eh P Why, what are you going to do "little one ? Effie (who has begun hacking away at the " Standard " with a pair of scissors) : I am going to cut out the duplicates and enclose them to Pippin—with his own letter—then 1 shall await his explanation of the mattor before taking any further steps. Tom (aside): Poor chap ! Let's hope he has one handy! Effie (overhearing—her eyes blazing— her voice suspiciously choky): If be hasn't it .will take n V.C. at the very least to save him. It's not fair in love or war " ! (Slashes away ruthlessly at the paper. Aunt Jane exchanges an expressive glance with Tom, and both shrug their shoulders.) (Curtain.) 