HAUNTED HAMPTON. HISTORIC GHOSTS AT TSE PALACE. That Hampton Court Palace is reputed to be haunted is by no means the least of its many and undoubted attractions, and recently sumo consternation wag caused by the apparition of a spectral hand moving over the old F.emish tapestries in the Guard-chamber. According to the London Morning Leader, an artist from the South been engaged in copying the old tapestries, asserts that a ghostly hand — 'hat of a woman, wearing, among others, a beautiful . marquise ring, so unnerving him that he has discontinued his work. It is generally supposed in the palaoo that it ia the hand of Citheriue Howard, whose ghost has long bean supposed to haunt the galleries. Catherine Howard seems to be rather troublesome, for not only does she appear, bub shrieks vrildly through the old mysterious ' Haunted Gallery. Ib was here that she escaped from her chamber when imprisoned there before being sent to the Tower, and rau along to seek an interview with Henry VIII., who was hearing Mass in the chapel. Just as she reached the door the guards aeizJd her and carried her back, while the ruthless husband, in spite of her piercing screams, which were heard almost all over the palace, continued his devotions unmoved. And in this gallery a female form dressed in white has been seen coming towards the Eoyal paw, and jast as she reaches it hurries back with a look of despair, uttering unearthly shrieks till she passes through the door ab the end of the gallery. The gallery is now the lumber room for old pictures, and as the staircase is locked up tha voica of the shrieking Qaeen is but rarely heard. Another of Henry'3 wives, Jane Sey mour, also haunts the old-world rooms; a spactra has been seen to emerge from the doorway in the Qaeen's old apartments, and wandsr about with a lighted taper in her hand on the stairs, and the neighbor ing SilvGrstick Gallery. Another and better-known Hampton Court ghost, the accounts 01 whoge appear ance are much more definite and circum stantial than are usually forthcoming in such cases, is that of Mistress Sibell Penn, who, in October, 1538— exactly a year after Jane Seymour's death — became foster mother to the young Prince Edward. She died at Hampton Court in 1562, and was buried in Hampton Church, which was pulled down in 1829, and Mistress Penn's tomb was irreverently disturbed and her remains scattered, although one account Btates that the body had previously been removed. But whenever the desecration occurred, certain it is — so the story goes — that imme diately after the shifting of Mistress Penn's monument strange noises, as of a woman ?working at a spinning-wheel, and muttering the. while, were heard through the wall of one of the rooms in the large apartment in the south-west wing of the palace. When search wa3 made by the Board of Works in the direction whence these mysterious Bounds proceeded, an ancient and until then unknown, chamber was discovered, in which an antique spinning- wheel was found, and the old oak planks were seen to be worn away where the treadle struck the fljor. The idea broached at the time was that, on account of the desecration of the tomb, her spirit had returned to haunt the rooms she had occupied during life. No further manifestations were noticed until a few years ago, when the phenomena were renewed, and have since become in creasingly frequent and startling1. The low whirr of an unseen spinning-wheel, the weird mutterings of a sepulchral voice, and the stealthy tread of invisible feet have been heard by many ; and it is further affirmed that Mistress Penn's tall, gaunt form, dressed in a long grey robe, with a hood over her head, and long hands stretched out before her, has been seen in the haunted chamber. This supernatural visitation was rendered the more impres sive from the narrator being1 a recent arrival at the palace, and ignorant of the legend. The judgment of even the most sceptical has been shaken by Mistress Si bell's vaga ries, »-nd she may certainly claim to rank among the best authenticated of historical ghosts. 