:\ .Spurts so EraeO (iaoiraeSn FOTTtBMLL. PremicirslhSp) OtomipeSafiion. North Sydney beats I'Jesiern Suburbs. A Great Struggle. On Saturday afternoon lust, at No. 2 Sydney Cricket ground, in the presence of a large number of spectators, the Western Suburbs 3?.C. met the representatives of North Sydney, and after a very fine game had to submit to a. reverse by nine points to three. The margin was not a wide one, but small though it was, it did not express the true difference between the teams. The game was a remarkably even one, for in the first half of the game our boys had rather the better of the play. The teams were as follows : — North Sydney, Kelly. White, Curr, Johnson, I. O'Donnell, Futter,. MoCovmacli. 'Webb, J. O'Donnell, Woods, Ellis, Jervis, Stephens, Holland, Lane (Cupt. ) Western Sotukbs. Johnston. Lindsay, Cribb, Wictliam, Deoring. Bhortlimd (Capt.) Msuind. Byau, Fraser, C. Shortlaud, Her, Harrison, Wheeler, Bloomfield, Cervetto. North Sydney kicked off playing towards south. A. G. Fraser returned, and the ball went out. Wheeler was prominent among the 'W.S. forwards attacking, and White sent the ball out over the western boundary. A free against North Sydney was given — the first of a very large number for the afternoon. Deering made his appearance suddenly on the flank of a scrum — a three-quarter smart enough, physically and mentally, to do a good piece of wing-Iorward work. C. Shortland sent a pass to Lindsay. The Westerns advanced ; but they would have gained more, probably, had Lindsay seen an opening presenting itself as Wiekbam tried, all in vain, to get the benefit of a pass inside. The ball went out in the west ; and general work followed. It became evident to all present that they were going to see a good match, for the Westerns were play ing in form calculated to surprise all who had expected North Sydney to get a virtual walk over. Futter obtained the ball and kicked. LindBay ran and kicked. The N.S. back sent the ball back, and Wickhani marked. A few minutes later Frasev was seen to be play ing for all he was worth in the north-western corner. Futter kicked out, and checked the Westerns' advance. N. Sydney now had their turn. They ru.-ihed the play down towards the scoring board. C. Shortland and Wheeler relieved, and Johnston (the S.G.S. back — .playing for the Westerns) when the Bedand ' blacks attacked again, dished the renowned White and got the ball away amid cheers. It may be here stated that the lad played, the same marvellous game throughout ; and the partisans of each side were enthusiastic through out, and after the game, as to the merit of his performance. Cribb intercepted, and Wickham sent Lindsay a pass. W.S.F.C. obtained a mark, and Wickham kicked, the ball-. being returned by the N.S. back. J. Futter com menced a fine bit of attack work for the Bed and -blacks, and it was taken up by one and another on his side till Lane appeared to charge successfully over the W.S. goal line. The Western Suburbs escaped, however, and a free gave them more relief. Then as a N.S. three quarter kicked and the ball struck Wheeler in the faoe, the Westerns began a passing move ment, Wickham and Cribb being in it. John ston once more won great cheers for work, and then Cervetto came into prominence. The North Sydney men attacked once more, but the young S.G.School bacic playing for the Maroon - and - white, was quite equal to the occasion. Maund, S. Wickham, Lindsay, J. Futter, C. Shortland, Deering, Kelly and White had something to do in turn, and once more the W.S.F.C. back earned a round of cheers from the whole of the spectators present for good, olean, defensive work. Wheeler gained some ground for the Western Suburbs, and Lane headed bis men in a telling reply. Wickham kicked, and -White secured and came across and finished up with a kick, all of which meant a gain of .about 43 yards for his side. A few seconds later J. Futter arid Lane were trying to beat through tho Westerns' de fence at tho goal line. It seemed a moral that N.S. must score, but they did not. The same thing happened over and over again during the first half, but the Westerns can defend. Could they only attack as woll, say in a well ordered, wide-spread forwarcT-passing move ment, we might have to record more figures to their credit in the news records of their games.. No scores were put up by either side in the first half, and it would probably be rather wearying for the reader, for a description to be given of every decent bit of work done on either side. There was plenty of decent work but only the initiated perhaps could fully recognise it ; each to each, it meant cancella tion, most times. Just before the spell was called, the Western Suburbs obtained the benefit of one of the many frees given to them during the afternoon. W. Shortland took a drop. He went near the posts ; but missed. 'There were persons on the ground who argued that he should have allowed Wickham a place kick. Of course it is easy to be wise after the event. W. Shortland was seen in a W.S. attack and it appeared as if tho Slaroon-and-white fellows must score. One of the defenders kicked hard, and the ball striking Cribb in the face went over the line and the N.S.F C. forced. The defenders were off side ;it the kick out. Futter sent a pass to M'Cormnck, who was tackled by Deering. White made an advance, but was compelled to run out near the 25 yards ilag. A line out followed over in the Bandwick corner. Wickham obtained the bull and sent it to W. Shortland. Had the skipper gone on probably ho would have got the try. As it was he sent it on to Lindsay. The latter got right on to the line, evidently, and the cry went up 'A try.' But once ngivin-tbe fates were cruel to the attacking men. A line out on the opposite side of the ground followed, and the ball came across, till a scrum ensued, right in front of 0110 of the North Sydney's goal posts. The Westerns should have scored here ; and would have done hud not the N.S. defence been as determined as their own had been earlier in the day. The Bed-and-blacks succeeded in getting the ball away, though the Westerns sent it out in front of the pavilion, at once, again. Frees to the W.S.F.C. followed, and Ellis (charging— for the ceeond time in defiance of the referee's instructions) was ordered off the ground. This seemed to bring the Westerns bad luck. Wickham kicked : White replied sending the ball out. The N.S. forwards rushed the play northwards, and Johnston, returning, sent the ball to White, who had lain back for just such a show. He \v:is clear of all the defenders : he ran up and dropped a beautiful field goal 4 — 0. The game became hard and ^exciting. MeCormack marked, and the [ball was kicked out near the W.S.F.C. 25 yards flag. Then the Bed ? and - blacks pushed the W.S. men into the very corner, and after a moment or two's suspense, the followers of the Noith Sydney were gratified beyond measure at the sight of MeCormack bustling the Maroon-and-whites completely ; and going through and over. O'Donnell kicked a splendid goal. 9 — 0. Then North Sydney obtained their first free of the day. The Westerns attacked in the pavilion corner, despite the fact that it seemed too late to do any good. A long throw-in and tho Western men secured the ball in front of North Sydneys' goal. Passing took place betwerm the back men, and Lindsay at last was able to go over the line, at the far corner. S. Wickhiim tried for goal, but was not successful. Several times before the end of the game MeCormack, who was playing a nice game throughout, marked, and O'Donnell tried for place goals for North Sydney, but the efforts were not re warded with success. The game then ended, in a win for the N.S.F. C. All the spectators appeared to leave satisfied that they had seen one of the best games likely to be seen this winter. Mr. J. Harrington was a^uccess in his posi tion of referee. THE GHOST THAT ' WALKED.' 