A Trip Home. [COBONICLED BY Me. BEET WoOD.] (Continued.) Blackball . tunnel is one of tho most re markable engineering feats of the jccntury. It is the largest tunnel in. the' world, the dis tance is six miles from London Bridge, three miles from 'Woolwich, and Ii- miles from Greenwich; tho size of which is 23ft. internal diameter, 27ft. external diameter. Two vehicles can pass leaving 3ft. each side for a pathway. The length is 6,200ft., but only 1,1'imt. under tne oea or me river, it; is lined with white glazed tiles and is lit by electricity. The actual cost is stated to be ;Sl,-100,000. Omnibuses run through to Gicenwich. ? Greenwich Observatory is known all over the world. It was established by Sir Chris topher Wren :in 1075.' From here all the nautical calculations are made and times taken. When we talk of nautical longitude ?we mean so much either east or west of this ? identical spot. Tower of London. This site was selected by William the Conqueror. It stood within the ancient Eoman walled city about 360 a.d., just before their evacuation of Britain and was rebuilt by Alfred the Great in 1SS6. menced is unknown, probably 1078 a.d. The tower was from time to time for 500 years the occasional residence of our King and l_. Queen. For this pui'pose it was not used niitil the reign of Stephen. King John fre quently resided here, also his son Henry III. ' Z ~ lid ward I. made it his abode occasionally, \- but his sou Edward II. only came hero when ,'' flying from bis revolted barons. Edward III., in his minority, was kept hero by his mother in ignorance of public matters. Richard II. proceeded to his coronation from the Tower. Henry VI. spent many years here, more often as a prisoner than as a ' ? ' King. Here he was murdered. Edward IV. made the place alive with his court cere monials. Here also is- where the infant King Edward and his young brother Richard Duke of York were murdered, by which means their uncle Richard ascended the Throue. Their bones were discovered in 167i and were duly removed to Westminster Abbey. Henry VII. received his Queen Elizabeth at the Tower and . here she died. Henry VIII. made little use of the place, but his sou Edward VI. often lived here. Mary held a grand court hero prior to her corona tion. Her sister Elizabeth had been im prisoued here, and, therefore, had little relish for it as a residence. James I. was crowned here and Charles II., iu 1G60, was crowned here, since which time it has not been used for these court ceremonials or royal resi dences. Proceeding inside we 'are on Tower Hill. In the foreground a green space is railed in, in the centre of which is a small pare! spaco about Gft. square. This. spot in irks the first permanent gibbet, set up in the reign of Edward IV., and was the scene ? of execution for state officers. There were beheaded here in 13S8 Burley, Beauehanip, Bemers, adherents of Richard III.; 14G2, John, 12th Earl of Oxford, Aubrey do Vere, Tudenham, Tyrrell ; 1499 .Edward Etui of Warwick; 1510, Edward Dudley, Empson ; 1521, Ethward Stafford; 1525, John Fishei, Thomas More; 15o6, , George Boleyn ; 153S, Thomas Lord D'Arcy (eight years of age): 1539, N. Courtney, Pole ; 1510, Thomas Cromwall ; 1547, Henry Howard ; 1549, Thomas Lord Seymour*; Li52, Edward Seymour ; 1553, John Dudley; 1354, Lord Guildford Dudley, Henry Grey; 1572, Thomas Howard; 1641, Thomas Wentworth; 1645, William Laud; 1GS0, William Howard ; 1GS5, James Scott; 1716, James Radeliffe; 1746, Elphinstone ; 1748, Simon, Lord Fraser of Lovat. Next is the Middle Tower, the outer facings of which are probably of the time of Charles II. Pass the archway we stand on what used to be the drawbridge. The Byward Tower. The chief Tower of the outer ward, probablv erected at the time of Eichard II. The Bell Tower and the Traitor's Gate. There is a legend that when the Traitor's Gate was first made it fell down, but was immediately rebuilt. Again, later (IG41), it fell once more. On the night of the second fall a certain grave and reverend piiest saw a robed Archbishop, cross in hand, who g.ized sternly upon the walls with which the King was surrounding the Tower. Striking thein he asked, ' Why do ye build these?' on which the new work fell down. Another ghost stood by the Archbishop like an attend ~ a:it. The frightened priest addressed himself to Mm, and asked, 'Who is the Arch bishop?' 'St. Thorn tashe Martyr,' was the reply; 'by birth a citizen, who resents these works undertaken in scorn and pre judice of the citizen, and destroys them bsyondtho power of restoration.' The story did not deter Kiug Henry from finish ing the building, which, however, he dedi , cited to the Archbishop St. Thomas of Canterbury, the Martyr. At the steps Under the archway were' usually landed state prisoners — Duke of Bucidngliam 1521, Sir Thomas 1534, Queen Anne Boleyn 153G, Queen Katharine Howard 1542, Edward Ssymour 1551, Lady Jane Grey 1-353, Duke of Suffolk 1G54, Earl of Essex 1.601. Duke of Moumouth 1GS5. These personages are all directly connected with this terrible place. Bloody Tower probably derives its name* from the fact that Henry, eighth Earl of Northumberland, was found dead there'with three bullets in his body in 1585. Also from the supposed murder of the princes, the sons of Edward IV. The upper chamber is stated to have been the abode of Henry VI. at the .time of his death. Thomas, fourth Duke of Norfolk, was a prisoner here, and was be headed in 1572. Th6 Wakefield Tower— the stone horse of tho public records for centuries before 185& Henry VI. is supposed to have been put to death — or died — herein 1471. The White Tower. The effect produced on the minds of the citizens is reflected in a legend reported in William Fitzstephen's ~ contemporary life of St. Thomas — 'A for tress both large and strong, the walls and courts rising upon the deepest foundation built with mortor tempered with blood of beabti.' This tower was held in pledge for the complete fulfilment of the proviseons of Magr-a Charta in 1215. In 1240 the win dows of the chapel of St. John were glazed with colored glass representing sacred sub jects, and then all the old wall around the tower was white-washed — hence the name. 'Rv ii nnrions coincidence.- ono of tbf- nTiildrnn of Edward III., who died in 1340, was Jcnown from the place of her birth, here, as '*' Blanche de la Tour.' Here we see the Eoyal Chapel of St. John, the most complete example of . a castle chapel of the Norman period — 55ft. Gin. long, 31ft. wide, 32ft. high. Proceeding we visit the Armouries. We B3e a brass plate recording the discovery here of children's bones in 1674, supposed to be those of. Edward V. and his brother Richard Doke of York. They were placed in a marble urn and removed to Westminster Abbey in 167S. The banqueting chamber is 6 1ft. x 32ft. Above are the State floors and the Council Chambers. The Tower Armoury — dating back to the loth century. On Mary's death the first inventory of the Royal collection was made. It was not unttl the year 1859 that the first catalogue of this rare collection was compiled Sbme.of the1' specimens are beautifully inlaid with pure gold, the art of which is a present 'day mystery. Hand grenades and rifled arms since 1801, these include Baker rifle 1801, Brunswick rifle 1S3G, Minie rifle 1851, Enfield 1855, Snider 18GG, Martini-Henry 1871, and the present Lse-Metford magazine rifle. Here is seen executioner's swords, thumb-screws, the scavenger's daughter for confining the neck, . hands, and feet, bilboes for ship use and thumb-screws, also the collar taken from the Spanish Armada, and . has been in latter times, filled with lead to make it more terrible, cannon from, the wreck of Mary Rose 1545, sample of the early con struction, namely bar's of iron; longitudinally ?welded together and encircled by hoops of i the same metal, kettledrums captured Blen heim 1704, an executioners's axe dated 1687, and thousands of other specimens. Ascend ing to the upper chamber 95ft. x40ft. x 21ft. contains eases of velvet covered brigandines and canvas covered jacks, garments worn in the 1 5th and 16 th centuries, protection by means of small plates of metal, resembling scales of fish -placed between the outside material and the linings, chain mail hoods, coats, sleeves, wonderfully made, bronze tools, helmets, ornaments, bronze suits, halbsrds, partizans, bills, glaives, holy- water ?-???.'. ';?' sprinklers, spikes, pole axes. Some of the '.?:'?.. armoury must have cost hundreds of pounds :'-?' sterling. Horses fully armoured in coats of ' mail, the weight of which must have impeded '?'.': them considerably. A ? curious specimen of . a masque is one of grotesque shape marked from the Emperor Maximilian, dated 1550. Descending again to the lower floor we find ' ? several notable full armoured suits belonging to Robert Dudley, 15G6, u«3ed for tilting and .' ?weighing 83-pbs. - In cases are axe3, ham mers, and maces for breaking armour, bayonets from the early plug to the late socketted type, guns from the earliest with flint for discharge . up to present date cham ber magazine rifles. The parade contains cannon and mortars. of all ages, wrought iron breech-loading guns recovered from the wreck Mary Rose in 1515, 7 inch calibre;' triple guns of brass, breech-loading, extern ally rectangular, 1543-1546. So you will see breech-loading guns are not of recent origin. Cannons of all sizes are to be seen hero from remote ages to tho present day. (To be continued.) 