GENERAL NEWS. ! The Magpie-Lark, better known as the ' pee-wee,' always to be seen about Mary borough, has never before in our experience gathered about the ' place in suoh extra ordinary numbers as at tbe present time Their favourite haunt appears to be the Central State School grounds, where for an hour or two after daybreak, a flock of con siderably over a thousand may be seen lining the fences or flutfcoriog amongst tbe trees. The Central Sohool grounds have for years been a foeding ground for crows, but tbe pee-wees who arc invpterate tor mentors of the black tribe seem to have driven them completely away, and taken possession for the time being of the fine larder of crusts and oramhs and other luncheon morsels whioh the children scatter about. During the busier part of the day the birds disperse more about the town, hut in tbe early morning and again about sunset they make a striking display about the sohool grounds. Possibly the prevailing drought in the district has foroed them into the town for fopd. ! Professor Pepper, of ' Pepper's Ghost' fame, died at Leytont-tono, near London, on March 29th. The ' Ghost,' produced by a certain arrangement of mirrors and plate glass, oaused a tremendous sensation in London, in tbe days cf our grandfathers, before the 3eorct was disclosed. But it had its day, and about 18 years ago Professor Pepper, reduced in fortunes, came to Aus-' tralia on a lecturing tour, visiting Mary borough amongst other places, whore the ghost was successfully ' raised.' He was afterwards appointed Government Analyst at Brisbane, where he conducted a series of experiments at ' rain- making' on the Eagle Farm racecourse, using eleotrioal kites with detonators, and artillery, but the drought at the time was too profound, and the attempts were a failure. The enterprising William Holloway of pill fame, has taken to issuing popular songs at a very cheap prioe, and will supply to any part of tbe world. Samples to hand are excellent value fo^ the few penoe at whioh they are prioedf and the songs are by good - oomposers and copyrighted. 