? □ ? ; — . The Land of «rayes To Mud ancient EJgyjrtian death was but the beginning of a. series of adventures and experiences compared with ?which the most vivid imaginations of this life were tame. He iived with the fear of death before his eyes. Everything around him reminded him of that dreadful Initiation Into the mysteries of the tremendous after-life for which his present existence was tout a preparation. His cemeteries were not hidden away In remote etfburbs ; his dead were not covered with mere grassy mounds or a slab of stone. The whole land was his graveyard ; its whole art was of the mortuary. ' Are there no g?aves In Egypt that thou hast brought us Into the wilderness to die ?'?' asked the Israelites in derision, and we may believe that MO99S winced at the sarcasm. Egypt ie the land of graves, and the whole energy of the people, that could be spared from keeping life together, was devoted to death. The mightiest tomto in the world, the pyramids, were raised upon the deaths of multitudes of toiling slaves. The hills were honeycombed with passages and gal leries, cham'bers, pits, all painfully excavated in honour of the Illustrious dead, and sculp tured and painted with elaborate skill ' to make them fit habitations for his ghost. Wherever he looked, the Egyptian beheld preparatlccs for the great turning point of existence. The mason was squaring blocks for the tomb-chamaer ; the potter moulded images of the gods, or bowls and jars to be placed in the grave for the protection - refreshment of the Ka, exhausted with the ordeals ef the Unaerworld ; tne scuiotor and painter were at work upon the walls of the funeral chamber, illustrating the scenes through which the ghost was to pass, or de picting the industrious life of the departed. The very temples which cluster along the levels beside the Nile were, in 'a sense, but vestibules to the tomtbs in the hills behind. The sacred lake, now the weedy picturesque haunt of waterfowl, was then the scene of solemn ferrying of the dead. The temple walls were covered with the terrors of the judgment .to come. ' The houses of the living, indeed, were built of perishing mud ; 'but the homes of the dead and the shrines where suppli cation wa3 made to the gods who ruled their -fate were made to last for ever.—' Saturday Review.' 