SUNDAY OBSERVANCE. BT. ROBERT F IIORTON M.A., D.D. If thout turn away thy foot from the Sabbath. front doinlg thy pleasure on My holy day, and call the Sabbath a delight, the holy of the Lord, honorable, and shalt honor Him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thiie own pleasure, nor speaking Ithine.own words, thenl shalt. thean delight- thyself in the Lord, and I will cause thee to ride upon the high placess of the earth and feed thee .with: the heritage of Jacob thy father, for the mouth of the Lord hath spoken it,.-Isalah, lviii., Iii, 14. In almost the cierilest, if not the earliest, code of English law--the laws of Enach, King of Wessex-there was a provision made for the obh servance of Sunday: According to' these laws. if a slave was forced by his master' to work upon Sunday, he was by 'that very ant set free, and the lord ihad to pay a fine.. If the 'slave worked by his: own will and without the direction of the lord,. he was snubjectedi to cor poral chastisement, andti if a freeman worted on the Holy Day he bsca.ne a slave. HIe lost hbi freedom, or else he had to pay what, at that time. was the almost Impossible fine of sixty shillings. Now, that law at the very begin ning of English legislation may hays lid' very much to do with the posltion that the AnglIo Saxon race has taken in the world. According to the prosaise of this old prorAiet, the word of the Lord had said, "I will make thee to ride upon the high places of the earth if thou keep est the Sabbath day." -The supernatural fast that seems to be implied In that promise has also its very natural and very simple side. The Day of Rest, and apparently even the Seventh Day of Rest more peculiarly;. mtaintains the freshness of the mind, and, therefore, secures the efficiency of work. It has-beent discovered that a country which enjoys a Day of Rest is economically more productive than a country which does not. THE ECONOtIIC VALUE OF REST. I see it stated int a great Ctcloptedia of Social Reform that never touches religious questions at all thrat the Day of R?st is essen 'tial ceonomicolly, and it gives this- interesting fact, that, suppose a mason or carpenter takes 'a contract in Paris, he gets the work done 'uicker. cheaper and better by employing Eng lish labor;.liecause Taglish persona worrk six days. while Fi'enefr workmen work. seven' days in the week. One of the busiest public men of our century-thle late Mir Gladstone--said in a very remarkable letter that appeared at the theime in the press.. that he had always kept the seventh day of rest as scrupulously as was possibh:e. "'And nowr." le said, "at the end of a laborious' publice career cf nearly 5 years I attribute in great part to thilat cause the pro longation of my life and the preservation of the faculties I may still possess." .Men are not machines; though I am told that even machinery requires a Sabbath day in order to tearrange its distorted particles. But men are not mnachines. and it the work they do. depend ing as it does upon the mind, is done when they are jaded: and dispirited, the work is in iffectual. The only way of getting good work out of human brings is by keeping the htunau beings not only healthy, but hlippy, happy anal buoynnt, with all the freshness of their nlan hood or their woluanhood upon them. It seems therefore pretty clear that as a mere condition of national health,. as a condition of economical efficiency, the Parliament of the free people is justified, and even is compelled, to secure the day of rest.. Our PFrliament. far instance, ought to go much. further than it dots; it ought to protect the community, as a whole, from the greed of individuals and from the pleasure seeking of many that are constantly imperil ling the day of rest for large masses of the people. On purely utilitarian grounds, simply seeking tile greatest happiness of the greatest number, the Legislature should repress. the ec centricities of individuals. It should not allow peop!e to disturb what is a public bhessing. It should prohibit trading, it slhould prohibit even travelling. it should prohibit the publication of newspapers cue day in the week, because upon that turns the health and.well-being of the community. Of course, it is said very truly that such rigorous legislation would curtail the freedom cf individuals. Certainly it would. but all legislation curtails the freedom of indi viduals. The whole point of law is that indi viduals must submit to the curtailment of thefr freedom in order to secure the freedom and well-being of the community,and what I should maintain is that the Parliament of a free country may so teach the people the blessing. the economic necessity of the day of rest, that all people would cheerfullly submit to that cur tailment of their individual freedom. We in London do not complain because we do not get our letters on Supday; in fact, some of us re gard that as the greatest blessing of the week -that there are no letters on Sunday. And if London. the great centre of the world's trade, can do without letters on Sunday. it is qu!te certain that the whole country could do with out them. And as we can do very well with out letters, we could'do very well even without trains, and after a very little experience of the boundless peace and rest of one day in the week. in which there are no shrieks of the railway whistles, and no- siouts of thie seller in the stree:, the whole nation would be filled with gratitude for the kindly tyranny of Par liament, which wou:d'secure its health and hap piness even against its will. And if once that ideal was set before us, the public itself would rapidly be the best protector of its own peace, just as it is constantly observed that a park put under the protection of the public is more secure from the depredations of indivi duals than if it is put under the protection of the police, because the public feel that it is their possession. So. in a very little while we might make the whole public- the protector of this sacred enclosure of the day of rest. and the force of public opinion, which no main can resist, would stigmatise as an enemy of. the community anyone who, either for business or for pleasure. infringed what is the liberty of rest for the whole of the people on that seventh day of the week. NO RELIGIOUS COERCION. But now you will observe that, in urging upon you this most important political aspect of this question, such a course can only be taken on one condition, and that is that the legislation should be passed not on religious grounds, but simply and solely on political grounds, or on economical and social giounds. That it must be done on that principle is neces sary not only in order to secure the day of rest. but still more in order to secure the in terest of religion, because any religious prin ciple enforced by Government coming with the force of coercion ceases to be religion. Directly we make the Parliament of this country pro tect our own religious principles we have robbed our religious liberties of all their re ligious power,. we have dropped back front the condition of the NSew Testament to the O:d. The distinctiou between these two different epochs nof the wor!d's history is princip;ally this, that in the Old Testament the tutelage of the State secured a certain external order, but ruined the religious principle by turn ing it inlto a bandage. The pIrinciple of the Newv Testament is that it d:scards absolutely and deliberately all the protection and help of piolitical forces in order to secure religious principle. And we must realise, if we are to do anything in thle direction I am mentioning, thalt tne Kingdom of Christ is not of this world at all. When the Russian Go vernmlient etforces unifornity,. and sulppresses the .low and the Stundist, and wheu. followinig bad examples. evangelical Christendom has a secret longilng to bring the political powers to hear to carry out its own ideas, in one and all these cases,. we are introducing a power which is inapproprinte to Cllristihnity. and we are creatin~g a prejudice against the very religion we wishi to conimond, and. therefore, under mining tile principles of the Kingdom of God, which are not of this world. And lest I should int hav;e convinced yol by so rapid a statetleut. let me just point out this one consideration. If it were God's method to coerce men into religion. Fie would have done It. He coerces us by Ills natiral laws. There is nIo liberty to evade or to resist 'lint. You are uinder "atrclon in nature. and undoubtedly God could juirst as easily have made all Hils re ligious laws equally coercive. He could have miade it a law of nature that every Achan who brdke the Sabbath should be immediately ston ed.. that every rash nanl who laid ills hand upon the ark of God should ilntediately fall down and die; thlat every blasphlemer should invoke the thunderbolt upon his head and perish by it. Goi could easily have made the whole spiritual :and moral arrangements of the world just as codrcive and necessary as the order of nature, but lie has not done so, for the simple reason tlit in doing so He would have destroyed tilhe religious and thie moral order altogether: there would have been no religion: there would have been no morality. And as He has not done so we are not at liberty to de so either. We mSay not legislate for God: we may lint take God undber thle Protec'tion of our Parlianlent: n: may not force upon menat the decrees of the .Mcst ligi.. He respects the liberty of nin : Tie feels it essential to mnaron as a spiritual being that hie should be rncoerced and perfectly spol tan'ouS, and we may therefore by no means in trude upon thile sanctity of tile individual soul, or force upon thIe practie of man tile religious things wlichll we know perfectly ourselves are lrue. TIlE SPIRITUAL VALUE OF' SUNDAY. IlBut now having thus remitnided you that we have to distinguish-and it is the veTry essence of this tuestion to distiguish--imavlng renlind ed l you that we ought to insist upon a Parlia mniltary day of rest far more absolute and in violable than anything we possess, without ever mentioning or thinking of the question of re ligion, then I wlsll to tuml you to that other side, which is, of course, in a sanse much more important. because it afftects, not only the eco tlnomlic aindt social welfare of this country, but tile vast Ilntcrcsts of the human spirit. The Sabbatih question is partly a PIarliamuentary questionl, but it is partly also a religious ques itil., and we wlh now to spend a few momntents upon it as a religious question. I woulid say that we want no Slate interference to preserve the TLord's 1lay~- on the contrary, we wish tile State to kindly keep its hand .off the "whole question. but wr do nost earnettly need the interference of the Itoly Ghost to keen the Lord's l)yv and to itake us tnen and womlen In tile spirit on the.Lord's Day. that we may call "tllc Slbbathl it delight, the holy of the Lord ilonorahle." Vllie as citizens we are dc nlSnding It Ilay of rest for our over-strained /mnodern polpulation. and while we may justly quote that mtagnificent aphorisn of Burke, "A nation that nlegleets thIe Sabbath soon shtR?si into barbarlim and ruin ; civilised man cannot bear thre Pressurce of seven- days' work and worry in tihe week:" we have to quote anothiler law. we have to appeal to another prluciple for tile security of the Lord's Day, thln day no longer merely of rest. butt tile day of strenuous r-s-hir. 'he day. let me call it, of preservation of the spiritual ill man. Now. an this is mnucel the most imnpo;tant, let ?u see what we want. and let us try to under stand how to secure it. I suliposethe essence of this Christian Sabbath was never more per fectly described than in te words of the' in spired prophet that.I jus? ea to you. If yon look at those two vea _ d meditateupon them again and again you nake this wonderful dts covery. The first principle of the Christian Sabbath is that there should be one day In the weak on which we are not doIug our owl stays, nor finding our own pleasure, nor spe?kitng our own words, that'is to say, ttIle Christian Slb bath Is not to be. like the civic Sunday,. a rest frcm work, important as that may be, but it Is a rest from self, hch is hll-import.q.pt atsd is, indeed, the Creationi ani the preservation of Ci@ spiritual in lan. A REST FROM SELI'. It is a rest from self riot to speak our awn words ot that day, not to lale our own plea sures. nat to adopt our own way. thlnk we see what is nmeant if we put it Iri this way. Our life as men is literally rooted ird God, and its healthi depends on'our knowing is and recog unising it. While we cannot live without God, we cannot truly live until we a?se constous? that we are ivin-g in God, and as it i" thle vero t emsete of the lumnn soul to live in God and. to be sonsciout of it, 5 it is. the sad afid imelo choly effect of earthly life that our ordinary'. course of procedure id a constant slighl deviat - tibn from the life in God and from tluo cen scfousness of it. Our bustlness presses Utipm our brains, our plbasdres agitate our hbarts. Physicaly. nervou3ly. mentally, we get pre occupied: and in tllat deviation of life froma itr traec centre, though we are notý conscious of it, we are constantly dwindling and literally perisl-i ing. Te very life of'the soul is dying out be fore out eyes. and Gods9 one provfsioa for man to live in: the earth and yet to telnal his con nectiodti with the heove-- Ii this. One day, the' Day we oaIl it. of Rest! Yes!' hit ?-.t in Goid -the da? of spiritual regne'ration. It does noa seem to he possible for us to retoin what is our iproper drift, what is our proper growle th our development. as spiuittlhl. oeings apart from this severth day ccpation ot our-elves ill order tliht God may takltnossf?malon of us? The Divine hobect. then, of the Sabtathl is to correct, weeo i by week, a fatal tendency, to restore us to our Droper nature, to bring u to our rest t?it is in God. andro to renew our life. Now, when v.se have recogniBel~':that tlat Is the purpose t 'tlie day, we stflithave to, coo sider how that I1urposo Is best accompllshe4. According to the practice of the Old Pýtsra ment. and. apparently, according to the in teoltion of the tiw. the sanctuary, the plasee of public worship, is the means i3y which tleaa can be accompli hcdiL That is the meannIn of the sanctunat. It is a little place fencetd I off in the rush ot secular life, Where thiu -stnnc-tity of life canll e r tallsed afrahn. unmdbr when we have seeu'that the sanctuary is In tended for such a mrrpose. I think weougite to honestly face thie qlestiOn whics ir ofte. raised at the piresent ime." whether the life r am describing eannttnt b maintained wlithout tie sanctuary. AMen say frequently to-day thai: th ey find they can really worslhip bettdr in their own hIomes. or still more it the open cotttry. than in the assembly of the house ort God. -Now. tile otly dinhgzr I see lit tint posf tlon is that by the very ncelssity of the case It rfolates the first requitiseent of the Sabbnth. as it is here stated. Ynouwsay at home in your -house or you go out intd'the country on Sunr day. It1 doing that you are going your own: way. you are seeking ynur rwwn pleasure, you are foalinowing your ownl Uent-that is to say. you are violating the vcry)rerinciples on which this Sabbath rests. And does it not seem vet imtprobatwe that when you have violated tha very principle tat the begitting you will suc .eed itt recovering it at the end. I have on doubt that. many Persons have honestly stayei it htme frotm service thfis morning thlnking they will worship God in tleisi rooms. I under- take to say that nine-tenths of them are asleelr at thie present tltcmentr dnd that the others ate not worshipping. they have forgotten it. Tbey begat for a few minutes to seek Gtd, and thetn the drift of their ordinary life was too much for them, or they went outr fito tie fields. E_ do not doubt that they left their room with tihe thoghit. iNow worship God better than tndcr' tiup s sweet J.uly sky andrin the ruzh Oft tite water and il tilte rustle of tie trees? hut if you could see them here at noon on Son day. if ydu could read their hearts, I ask you? mIow much worship is riiong from the hundreadý of Londoners who are in boats, and punts. and' boat-houses all up the Thames. How much worship is rising from their hearts? I would put it candidly to men. They mean well. I have no doubt. but I would acsk them -take fa cenns if you can, take one bundre t people who Ihave kept away from the house at' wcrnhip for six months. and ask them to tell you canddidly whetlher they have not lost the sense of the Divine Presence in worship. whtetter thley ]ave not lost the aspiration utter heavenly things. whether they are tnot living the mere lifte of tie earth in consequence oat this neglcet of the renewal of the heavenly and whetiher in consequence it hts not proved that thle old Book is perfectly right and the tradition of ninetert centuries is verified, that you mut tot neglect the aszemb:ing of your selves together, btecause it is in the house of prayer and itt the assembly of worshippers that we find tlie true Sabbath cf tle soul, and renew our Conttact with Ieaven and with God. And it seems to me, if I may s"y so. that one of the great reasons for coming to church it that you do not lit-e it. People seem to think tlhat they have se-ttled thle point when tley say thley do not like it, they lind it dnll. tBelieve me. thlat it is out' of the greatest hlesS ings in life that there should be some dutiets tlant are dull to us. a.nd tlhat some things should be irksome itt the wrestle for trutih antt life. ard in she search after God. I have no doubt that it was a little dull for Moss climb ing up 10ount Sinai in the broiling heat of tit desert, a little dull and weary, too. but hehnd to climb to the summit to opeit communiot with God. It hls no doubt been dull foar nany a child to comen to the house of God.7and it is dull for mauy a young man who thinks he will be happier on his bicycle on a Sundlay morning, and it is dull for the business ,man. who is weary with the routine of the week it is dull for 'us all. I grant you that, but it is the dull path that leads to heaven. It is not the primrose path of dalliance, it is not the following your own pleasure and takling your own way, and seeking to keep life one prolonged dream of blissful sensation- but it is rising and climbing step by step .and hand by hazover tihe craggy paths of prayer snad communion with God that at last brings yot into the upper air and the open table-latd. where the face atof God is clear and communiomi can be held.' 