A FALLEN IDOL. "Now, there's Miss Brunmbie," said the manager—" she's a stand-by." And Miss Brumble happened to be standing on the other side of the glass partition, the statue of an Ideal and abiding fore woman, Trom the manager's point of view. " If all the girls were like her, 1 -wouldn't kick myself every day for being in the can nery business," lie continued, always eager to uncork his troubles for the refreshmont of the nearest auditor, who now happened to be Boles, tihe buyer. There iwas a dubious Hook on Boles'a face. One couJd not cay whether be was ©rteved or bored. " Butt," the manager pursued, liis serious ness deepening, " instead of sticking ta their »ww.k and thinking of noMliing elee, like Miss (Bramble, the most of "em " " Yes," said the buyer, edging away, " women heflp Is hard to get along with. Yea, I guess I'M go up to QutUff's tMa morning and look over hie 'cots." "It ain't that so much," fhe manager went en ; " but, confound 'em ! you never know when you've got 'eon and -when you •haven't !" For a moment Eo'.ei's tiulbitnianeGS in creased, wandering, as lie did, iwheOher this uncertainty concerned apricots or the ccx. His own difficulties were connected with red scale and irrigation. " And, when ycu've fairly broken ≠ in," said the manager, growing perspicuous, " she's always fchrnßdng ot Bier iove affair*, and never cares a centavo Whether toe stop wins or loses. Oh, Miss Brumble !" he snouted. The forewoman stepped Into the office, her bright black eye 3 'full of interest, her smooth iWlack 'hair patted in «ihilny crescents over her tanuples, her trim little figure- mag nified by ex'pantlve over-sleeves and fluffy apron. Miss BriMnbJe was co big with energy, however, that she always looked overweight, as the sports say, without these accessories. " 'How are the cans (holding out ?" asked the manager. "J.ust about enough to carry us through the day," she answered, crisply. " We'll be in trouble if our car Jloesn't come in from iLos Angeles on to-day freight. I cay, Boles !" ißut Bole's had made blfl escape. ' On, Boles- !" th« manager cried, (running to tlhe window. " For Iheaiven's sake, don't buy. amotJher pound of ffwilt till our can 3 get here !" Miss Bramble toad returned to the cutting room, where fifty girls and (women were dicing apricots and tfhuanbing out the pits, working desperately. Yon would not have said that the older ones "were the more toll marfced, or the younger (all of ttoem), quicker at the sleiglht of band. A brown-haired, freckled girl of seventeen came up with a box of p*te *ad held out her tag to be punched. Every cutter was tagged «t the shoulder a» If to go by ex press, and when she could show a <juota of stones she was given a hole ta her tag. Pre efcttng over the financial deettntee of the girle, Mlsb Brumble was an Atropos in false sleeves, k&eping; tally with a canduc tor'a punch instead of scissors ; and ot course the workers thought fate was unkind to them. " I only got ten holes yesterday—seventy centß," complained the freckled one. " Such is life," ©aid Atropoe. "If they keep coming in so green and little I'M quit," t<he girl tßreatencd. The ■ forewoman eaid nothing. She was eavtag of her •* -irds, and becmuse she carried economy into every branch of the business she was forewoman and not cutter. " Nineteen V yelled a slouchy boy, stumbling in from the gradlng-flhed with a box of frait. ■Nineteen was a fat-faced girl with an easy way of doing things, who had been waiting for work fox ten minutes. " More pie !" she grumblea. " Oh !" criod a gaiunt woman next to her on the bench, as the blood spurted from a cut in her hand. " If I'd er known we were to git so much green froit I'd never come into the factory !" The manager had just stepped into the cutting-room. " Well," he said, Irritably, " you'll soon have a chance to go out. I'm •worried at not hearing from those cams," he added, to Miss Brumble. " What would you do ?" " Keep right on," said Miss Brumble. " Bother those lying can-makers r" The manager went along to the syruptag counter. " A trifle thin, it strikes me," he commented, watching th« nozzle of the rubber hose through which the stream of melted sugar played among the thirsty cans. The next moment he was in the steamy pro cess-room, where Dave, the cook, wae timing a platform eunk In a bubbling vat. " Many leaks ?" he asked. " No, sir," said Dave. " That last lot <rt cans was good stuff, but they're runnin' mighty low !" " We'll lose five tons of fruit if that car doesn't come In this morning !" growled the manager. A bump against the factory gave the floor a alight tremor, and then Joe, the grader boy, came shambling in. " They're shunted a car up," he articulated, rather indis tinctly. iHe had an apricot-atone in his mouth. The manager whirled about and rushed through the buildings to the grading-shed, on the railroad siding. He hurriedly opened the car, and then a phrase 'hat sounded like a fire-cracker exploded. "More fruit !!' he added, " and dead ripe ! We might ar well dump it !" Going 10 the south door, he peere-J down the track upon th retreating shifter, whose trail of bituminous smoke was the only cloud in God's sky, if not in the manager's. Tho railroad ran due 6outh Uirougli the parched valley of brown oat-stubble and gray mustard, till it disappeared among the live-oaks of the arroyo, on whose further bank stood the little station. Toward tiie north the tracks found mysterious entrance Into the solid granite of the mountains that I seemed to cut off the town from, all beyond with an impassable wall touching the heavens. " The only freight from Los Angelas to day," the manager said, bitterly ; and wJp ing the sweat from his forehead, he went back to his well-shaded office. It was a crisping August sun, the near- down sun of I the desert; but the trade-wind swept fhrough the buildings, and inside a fellow could even fret with a fair degree of com fort. The manager of ihe California 'Con solidated Apricot Company had been kiiwr, to worry because worries were so tcuce. but the can famine afforded a beuor oppor tunity for his favourite diversion. ■Dpsoondenry is like the mumps. " Hnnl fines ! Looks a< though we'll have lo ghut down to- minow." said the man who ran tho grading-machine. One of his Icg3 v/as shorter than the other, and he operated tho Coot-crank the more comfortably with It, standing and treading all day In a natural pose. It was the left leg in the right place. Men with such an aptitude for a grading machine are like poets—"born, not made." ''Hope we will shut down," said Joe, tho boy tender. "iNothin' would suit me better." Suddenly he jumped and grabbed a box. ■which the grader had more than filled. Mies Brumble*B -slightly flushed face was looking through the door. l'iHurry !•• fi he said. Joe expectorated a stone, and bore down on the cutting-room, yelling, " Twenty teven !" ." Fetch me a box of decent fruit, or I'll •tab you !" said Twenty-eight, a tnll girl, with a long, 'bare, white arm, flourishing a hat-pin at the boy. Joe grinned. He enjoyed these attentions from the young ladies. Miss Brumble, who never had said but one word —" hurry"— •to him, although she addressed him fre quently, he did not admire. " She needn't put on airs I Sno f3 just ■like the rest of 'em on the sly 1" he ob served to the grader. " Who is ?" inquired the suor:-legse<l man. " Her—Mies 'Brumble.'* " What do you mean, kid ?" The grader was utarlng. *' I seen the engineer of a freight toss off an old can one day." ♦' What of it ?" " Miss Brumble picked It up. I seen her, and I seen her take a note out of it. Oh! I savey her all right !" And :he boy put an apricot into his mouth with a double satisfaction. "Joe, you're too knowin'," the grader remarked. " You'll be bald-headed eirly— that la, if the forelady hears* yea talklu' that stuff." Meanwhile Miss Brumble was strolling among the girls, glancing at their trays. You don't half sort your fruit," she told a dashing young woman with a round face, which would have been pretty if not a bit bold. "I don't care ! " the girl bosun. . i "Stop!" commanded Miss Brumble,' quietly. " You do care. And when there or« only two prcdes. Number One pis and Number Two, and it's bo easy, you ought to care all the more." This was a long speech tor Miss Brumble. " You ought to let up on us, though, when the fruit's coming along so mean and we're making so little !" whined an elderly cutter with a well-punched tag. " How was it last week ? You must take the fat and the lean," said Miss Brumble. The manager overheard. " She's all shop and no sentiment," said he. " They can't impose on her. A mawkish woman would give in to 'em. Confound this mixing mo lasses with business !" Miss Brumble did not hear him. Her ears, like those bright little eyes of hers, were fixed on the work, as she turned by the end of one of the long tables, a woman sighed, and Miss Brumble shot a sharp glance at her. She was a fragile creature in black, her thin gray hair twisted tightly, and her hollow face blotched with the scars of ill-fed drudgery. Her lingers had been so distorted by pain that - the apricots eluded them. There were few punches in her tan, and her pile of pits was pathetically small. " I don't know—l don't know but I ehall have to give it up," she stammered, noticing that the eye "of the forewoman was upen her. " Let me show you !" said Miss Brumble, kindly, sitting down by her side. "So !" Mies Brumble had taken the woman's knife. With one twist of knife and thumb together, she split an apricot ami snaipp^d out the stone. Another and another fc'he dissected with this .unique knack. ■ Her knife seemed alive, and her thumb a part of of. " You ooiuldn't tell whether the knife did the thumlbing or the thumb did the knifing," the manager hsd pat it one day. Wifck.lb.er brilliant -little eyes- flajAing over- j sight in all directions, she worked till the j Old woman's fruH-.box waj empty acd her pile of atones entitled her to a punJh, which Miss Brumble cut in her tag with a sharp little c^ck. "God bless you, Miias Brumble !" said the aroutied and smiling old worker, witb new vigour in her rheumatic joints. A "heavy train was heard rumbling by from out of the mountaiois. Miss Biounble traa already at the window, as if watching for that car of cans. "Going the wrong way for us !" the manager shorned, observing her from hi 3 dcor. " We're done up !" They bo-Hh lingered a wiattfud .moment to see tin freight silow up for the tiestle with, a rattling of shackle-pins. They had 'hardly turned their heads when A startling crash of iron and steel and rip ping boards stopped every hand in the can nery. The affrighting sound came from down the track, where a tog of steam arose from the trees on the edge of the arroyo. " Clislon !" screamed Joe. He blew a pit Cram hid teeth, leaped over Che p a:form Stairs, and flew down the read-bed. "Great heavens!" ciled the manager. " The down freight lhas smashed into the shifter ! They've g<:me over the viaduct!" (Miss ©rumble disappeared. How she ar rived at the wreck bo quickly nobody could (have told'; but Joe saw her flash on to the arroyo ibank like a ray from a tiearoh- light and throw her arms around the greasy engine-driver, whoso leg was cruahed. " Rob !" she cried, tremulously, and. fell to weeping. ""*' Rob, 1 was sure you were killed!" "It's the -closest call 1 ever had, Nell !" he answered, £mliing through I'hroba of pain. It had happened on the trestle. A care less ffhlftlng-orew had encroached on the night-of-way of the San Bernadino freight, jit'uTdily making its schedule to Los Angeles. A locomotive and four cars lay in a fury W ruins in the bottom of the gully, biasing jrtsasn ami belcMng Are. Miss Brumble re- coiled from the sight, and shouted to the manager to run back for a doctor. "God was wRh you, Rob!" sfoe whis pered, kissing the soiled amd pallid face. " Ho seems very near now—bless ycy !" he rau-rmurod. "It was wonderful ! ' I don't see how we were sa/ved -th —c flre man and I." " Hello !" cnled Mies Brumble, springing to her feet like a war-horse that had caught the 9cent. Bending'over the prostrate en gineer, she Wad seen a gfllttering heap under the trestle. A fifth car yawned there, its spHntCTed and jagg«d sides spreading open and showing a mass of sparkling tidbits. "Cans!" cried Miss Bruiratole. "One minute, Rob !" She was gliding down the bank. "Cans!" she cried again. "Too bad !" she said, as she cliambered back rather wearily. " Not ours !" " Everything for Los Angeles," said the engineer. " That car was markad^to the Golden ■Globe Peach Company," addod Miss Brumble, taking the grimy han^ in- hers asnhi. " The load would -be worth a month's profits to our shop." ■" WcU, the whole jab lot belongs to the railroad company now," the engineer mut tered, suppressing a groan. " What, dear ? What do you mean ?" she qisked, nervously. " Nobody'll accept 'em in that shape. The road'll have to pay for 'em, and get what they ca n . out of 'em," he explained, wlUh the ghost of a smile, and then he tainted. —. "Poor Rob!" she exclaimed, rußhing for water. She could see the manager hurrying down with the surgebn. The fireman was limping around, little hurt. Wh'on Miss Brumble tripped into the'ex cited and gossiping cannery, <as brisk and crisp as ever, the knives and thumbs began bo revolve again. The power had been turned on. Joe overheard -the girls talking about the forelady" and her cool-headed assistance at the wreck. They did not know what he had seen, and, turning his back, he grinned till he lost a half-finished apricot from his mouth. He did not condescend to tell the grader anything. Can a prophet stoop to enlighten scoffers after the event ? Not another apricot did the prophet eat that day, ] •but he seemed to be sucking something sweet. "Mr. MuWin," said Miss Brumble, step ping into ehe manager's 'Office, " you—er, you know .th*t wrecked car of cans ?" The manager pricked up his ears. He never had known the forewoman to stammer so. " Eh ?" he asked. . " That car of can« for the Golden Globe Company—didn't you see it smashed under \- the trestle ?" " No. But what good will the cans do us ? They're busted." "Half of them wWI pack." " We can't -steal 'em." "We cam buy them. .They belong to the Santa Pc now." ■ The -manager leaped, for the;happiness of ' , it. "By Jove ! Miss Bruirible,' you've I saved the concern four hundred !" he eaid. ■He rushed to the railroad office, and the rest was sinnplo. When the whole orew began on the unique harvest in the arroyo, M.IS 3 Brumble oversaw it-he sorting. "Great woman!" orled the manager. " Always has h«r thinki-ng-cap with her, and never thinks of anything but business ! I She's worth her weight in gold ! And she'll have the best jab in the factory as long as I run it !" This gen-arcus enthusiasm warmed the manager's heart and stimulated his imaginati-on. His castles of tin rose airily In the form of bigger shops, with Miss Brumble watching over the enlarged business. But the toppling came. The catastrophe waa 'hastened by tho collision. As soon as the leg was fairly mended the engineer claimed his own, tajLM&sa; Brumble was lost to the Oalifornla Consoilidaited Company for ever. " Great Scott ! I didn't dreturn of such a thing !" said the .nmnager, self- communing in his office on the wedding day. "I'd have raised her wages five doMars a week. Wihat a fool she was !" It was a day o-f triumph for Joe. Of the peaches, which had followed the apricots in_*helr season, he did not deny himself, but otherwise his abstinence was dramatic. He dla mot say to the Short-legged man, " I toild yer !"—'Harry B. Andrews, in " Harper's Bazar." 