"WHAT MUST I DOP." Br W. P. MACKAY, M.A., M.D., Author of "Grace and Truth." In the village of Gravelotte I sat in a peasant's house, in a chair in the corner of a window. The peasant's wife informed me that in that same chair and place the Emperor Napoleon at the day after he left Metz, on his way to Chalons, after he had heard that the German forces were rather nearer than he expected. For a whole afternoon he sat there and spoke not a word, but smoked his cigars and drank the black coffee which the peasant's wife could give him, and I know the question that was uppermost in his mind, and that.was-"What must I do" Opposite this, in another small house, I entered the apartment in which King William, Bismarck, Von Moltke, and others sat, some days after, and planned that awful day's work at the quarries of Gravelotte, and the question in the King's mind was What must I -do How often in your own history have you asked this question? Did you over meet a man who has not asked it? If you could get into the inner secrets of all you meet in the street, you would find the great majority are asking this question What must I do? High and low, grave and gay, lady and industrious, good and bad, ask this question What must I do? The boy at school, anxious to get to the top of his class and obtain the prize, often asks it, and when he leaves school to push his way, this is big great question. The merchant has his bills to meet. and you see him going hither and thither with hurried steps the day before, and the question he asks at his confidant is What must I do? The beggar, not knowing where to get his next meal, the Queen, on the throne, the poorest peasant, the prime minister, all in their spheres, a'" day after day, asking the same question. Shall we look to the drunkard, after he has pawned the clothes of his wife and children, ruin, ed his body and damned his soul, without a copper, and turned out by the drink seller, he is revolving this question What must I doP 80 with the licentious man, the greedy man, the covetous man, with his lust or his gain What must I do to have more? Look at that young lady, cursed with what many people think the highest point of blessing plenty of money and nothing to do. She crosses, goes to parties, undresses, dresses, and so on. As she stands miserable at the looking glass, there is one question in her mind, and perhaps only one, and it is What must I do? Vanquished and vic- for, emperor and beggar, ruler and serf all mankind ask the question. Is it not a. question peculiar to man ? Does it not hint that he is dissatisfied with present attainment, and is pushing onward to something in the future No animal in proves by failure except man. The swallow's nest in Noah's ark was just as good as the one in the eaves of your house. Man's longing After something better in the future finds expression in this ques- tion What must I do? We are most taken up with what concerns ourselves It is not what must my friends do, my brother do, my neighbour doP but, what must I do? This question grows in intensity in direct proportion to the amount of work to be done and to the anxiety of the ideas that it should be rightly done. Now my friend, in the deepest love to your highest interests, I come to a question which should interest you above all questions. You shall exist for over either in heaven or hell. If matters not though you do not believe it, for it is due. Where shall you exist for ever after you are done with this world? You and I deserve to go to hell for we have committed em. Let us now ask what ought I to do in order that I, a sinner, may get to heaven? Sin has to be put away. What a statement 1 And we are sinners, who love sin-, and cannot, by nature, help loving it, and we have to do with a holy God. Sin have to be pardoned, and we have committed them. We are the offending, and not the offend- ed party, and we have to do with a just God. Peace has to be made, and we have no power nor place in the making of it. We have to do with an all- powerful, all truthful God. A way has to be made into God's presence, righteously hid from sin- ful man by the sword of His justice, by the veil that shrouds Has. glory. God's majesty has to be manifested, God's righteousness has to be vindicated, God's holiness conserved, God's truth maintained, God's law magnified, and we are unrighteous, unholy, untruthful trans- gressors. Not only has every barrier to be broken down a way made, and a lobe prepared, but an entirely new nature now to be provided for the sinners nature that loves what the winter used to bite, and hates what the sinner used to love, a nature native to beverage must be born again. Self how to be set aside, denied, and mortified-and we by nature know nothing but self. The world has to be overcome, and we were born in it, are part of it, and love it and its ways. Satan boa to be vanquished, and we are his spi- rants, willing slaves, powerless beneath his allurements, weak against his wife's. How can we, in sight of such work, ask the question, What must I do? God's authority all the while is demanding that all this has to be done, and if the hardened conscience for a time forgets it, the demand is none the less imperative, the duty is none the less binding. All this has to be done, and I am a sinner who does not love God; an enemy who cannot suggest the terms of peace; guilty, and therefore deserving wrath, and condemned already ; lost, and unable to find my way; without strength, and incapable of righting myself; dead- I the climax of all - spiritually dead in trespasses and sins. Let us now ask What could I do? Could I not pray? Then the prayers of the wicked are an abomination to God. Could I not try to do better, or repeat? What does this mean from a dead man's lips? But I am doing the best I can. The works of righteousness I try to perform in my own feeble, failing, faltering way. But God says all our righteousnesses are as filthy rags; and this does not mean our bad deeds, but our good ones. All the right sons things I ever did, when looked at in the light of the work to be done are filthy rags. Can I not hope? If you are un- j saved, you are without God; and if without God in this world you are without hope. You may think you have hope, but it is a poor will-o'-the-wisp spectre and death sparkle, alluring you to the lake of fire-not the pole star of God, set for the guidance of His own tempest tossed children. Let us now look at the glorious good news. carefully look over all that has to be done; leave out no jot of it, for God says it must be done, and there is no getting past it. Look over your utter inability to do anything. Take, for example, but one of the must be s. "Ye must be born again." Confess your entire helplessness. And then you are ready to bear God's own glorious news concerning this work (John six., 30 -"It is finished." Yes; God began it, and God ended it, and you and I have nothing to do but to accept it. enter into the enjoyments of the fruits of what He has procured. Look at these wonderful words God says, "Ye must be born again." The sinner says, "What must I do to be saved in God BUSS, "The Son of man must be lifted up, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have eternal life." If we are to sum up shortly the immeasurable work to be done, we find that there are two pillars on which the whole rests. Our sins have to be pardoned; our sin has to be put away. This, as it were, settles all that stands against us. A sew nature has to be given to us, as our first nature is utterly unfit to enter heaven. God laid our sins on Tottie (see Isaiah for.. 6). Jesus bore our sins in His own body on the tree. He was delivered for our offences. He gave Himself for our sins. God made Him to be sin- for us. Does all this not satisfy you? He has been raised again. We are invited to Him.- We are made partakers of the Divine nature. We receive a new creation by the power of the Holy Ghost. Is this not sufficient? Praise the Lord, it is! God laid the whole case on Christ. Christ bore it all, and settled every question. The Holy Ghost now proclaims it to every creature, and urges all to accept it. Will you cease from your thoughts of What must I do? and ask, What has God done? Must I not believe? Yes; and with many this seems to be the hardest of all works - a sort of told that God demands to test our sincerity! God has done all the work; but the striving, anxious inquirer thinks if he could only get up a tender heart, or a good feeling, or a little faith, that he would be then doing his part paying the toll, and accepting the drive. But God is the noblest of all given. Do not come as a believer-but come as a sinner, and listen to one of God's answers to "What must I do to be saved?" as found in Homans iv., 5:- To him that work eth not but believeth on him that justifieth the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteousness." God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life" (John iii., 18). "Come unto Me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest" (Matthew xi" 28). "What shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and love his own seal?" (Mark Time., St). 