RELIGIOUS. REALITY OF GOD'S SALVATION. A SERMON BY REV. C.H. SPURGEON. "0 God, in the multitude of Thy mercy hear me in the truth of Thy salvation." — Psalm lxix. 13. It does one good to hear a godly man pray; when he pours out his heart before God, his language may be very simple—as i simple as it is fervent —but there is a kind q£ insensible teaching, and -a force of latent instruction, which gets into our soul; al most^ unawares, when we are joining in the prayers of devout persons. Prayer may thus bo speaking to the souls of others as well as unto God ; and may be, for some men, the best testimony and witness to the Gos pel which they are able to bear. It was certainly so with David. In the-words be fore us, David 'pleads with God the truth of His salvation : "Hear'me in the truth of Thy salvation." God's salvation is a great reality, a great truth. There is a substance in it ; it is not a shadow, it is not a myth, it is not a mere type or figure of speech. It is a sub stantial thing, there is a truth in it "The truth of Thy salvation." . And, first, let us view it in reference to the Lord Himself. To God, His' salvation is in the highest sense full of grace and truth. If I may venture to-speak concern ing Him of whom we can know nothing ex cept as He reveals 'Himself, I may say that the-truest and deepest tliought of God is for the salvation of His people. This lies in the very centre of His heart ; and the drift of His other thoughts and acts is all to wards this point. At the present time the whole scheme of God's providential work ing has' a bearing upon' the salvation of those whom He gave to His Son to be the reward of the travail of His eoul. God's thoughts are high, and not as our thoughts ; but they -are directed toward this central idea. This is the white of the target at which He shoots all His arrows, and hs fails not to "hit-it. In the grand gathering of all the redeemed, this shall be the loud est note in their song, " Unto Him that loved us, and that laved us from our ems in His own blood, to Him be glory and do minion for ever and' ever. Amen." When God makes a world He speaks, and it is done ; He commands, and it stands for ever fast. The morning light, and all that is seen by it, are produced by His word ; and in His providence he Just nods, and dic tates the .policies of empires ; but in the work of salvation, He Himself comes. Be hold the cross.! God, in the person of His Son, bleeds and dies to save a soul. He has given Himself to this stupendous work. The Holy Ghost enters into human bodies, and reigns and rules over human minds, abiding in them, continuing1-His gracious, comforting,' enlightening, and sanctifying work, Himself personally dwelling in the saints. God throws His whole Self into the work of salvation, tfis little finger can create the stars, and light them up or quench them at His will; but even His right arm is not sufficient for the redemption of His people. Both hands must bear the cruel nails, both feet must be fastened to the accursed tree, the heart of the Son of God must bo pierced by the soldier's lance. He, even He Himself, must come forth from the bosom of the Father, and must descend, and still descend, and" yet further descend, till He goes own to the lowest parts of the earth, there to work out the salvation of His people. Oh, my dear friends, when we come -to the truth of God's salvation, we have reached the rocks ! Here shall you see God indeed. In other things you see only His reflection in a mirror ; but in sal vation- you see the express image of the Father's glory. In the worlc of redemption you Bee God unveiling Himself as ■ far as men are ever capable of seeing Him. Let me observe, in the next place, that God's salvation is a great reality to"~our selves as well as to Him- Do you remem ber when -you first grasped the true idea ot God's salvation, when you understood that God had of old thought out the plan of sal vation, and in * the fulness of • time had wrought it out ? Do you recollect when you first saw that truth, and when you felt that it was just the salvation that you need ed, and that you must have it —that you must have it then, or else perish everlast ingly ? You did not lay hold upon it, in the hour of your distress, as upon a fiction; you did not grasp it as a thing that might ■be or might not be- Souls that have ever been drowning in the sea of wrath want to clutch at a real salvation. The day when 1 saw Christ as my soul's salvation, the great sacrifice for sin was to my soul the most real thing I had ever seen, else it had not stanched the gaping ■wounds of my poor bleeding heart, else it had never brought balm and peace to my tortured spirit. I was a real sinner ; I do not know whether you are that, out 1 was , I had real pangs of conviction, and I saw a real hell before me, ana I wanted a real salvation, and I grasped at it as such. Since then, dear friends, God's salvation has been wonderfully' real to us- Have we not daily found" it more and more so ? You have had many things that you doted on and- trusted in ; but after awhile thes%> poor cobwebs have .been unable to bear the weight that you have hung upon them ; and they havo all gone. But have you not found Christ s salvation to be very real to you from that first day, even until now ? If you have not, you have missed your way. If you have not found a real Christ, you certainly want one ; and if you have not found a real sal vation, and by personal experience known its reality, you are under Borne delusion, and that comfort which you enjoy is a false comfort. I wish that il could disturb you out of-it, that you might find a real com- fort. ' . . . Remember that life is real, sin is real, death is real, judgment will be real, and the final sentence will carry with it a real punishment. You need, therefore, to find in Christ Jesus the truth of His salvation, a real salvation, which, though you cannot touch it, is yet tangible to your soul, and which, if you cannot see it, is yet to be seen surely by the eye of your spirit. Now, dear friends, to speak a little in de-? tail of the truth of this salvation. IT we have really laid hold of the truth of Oofl s salvation, we believe in the real sin. You who have really transgressed, you are the men and women lor whom there is truth In God vs salvation ; but if there is no truth in your slnnership, there is to you no truth in 'Christ's salvation. If you get to know the truth of God's salvation, we believe in a real atonement. You .know the description that is given of the atonement as it la preached by some gentlemen of supposed " culture." It is this—that Jesus Christ did something or other which, in some way or other, is probably more or less remotoly connected with the pardon of sin. Such a salvation as that would not save a mouse. No, no, we must have a real atonement, tho substitution ,of our Lord Jesus Christ for guilty sinners, the bearing of our sin. in His own body on the tree. They say that it is unjust that Christ should suffer for us. On the contrary, <I venture to affirm that it was in -the highest degree just that He should die for His people, for He wa3 one with us- His death was not merely sub stitution for us, but He had Identified Him self with us. He came here on purpose that •He might be one with His people ; and, being one with them, as the second Adam, it behoved Him that He should suffer. It was right that, having married His Church, He should go with her for better and for worse, and bear her sins in His own body on the tree ; and He did so, blessed be His name ! And I believe that He really ex punged His people's sins, that He truly took away, the handwriting of ordinances that was against us, and nailed it to His cross, that by His death He might put away the transgressions of His people once for all. You have not learned the truth of God's salvation if you do not believe in a real atonement. Next, true faith brings to us a real par don. If thou hast received the truth of God's salvation, thou art really forgiven. It was no fictitious document that was pre sented to thee in that day when thy Saviour said to thee," Go, and sin no more. Thy sin 3, which are many, are all forgiven." It was a real pnrdon, signed by the King's own sign-manual, and thy Gins are gone ; they shall not be mentioned against thee any more for ever. " Bellevest thou this?" • Now the Holy Spirit is working in thee a real sancdfication. Hast thou that sign and token of grace ? Hast thou given up evil habits ? Hast thou quitted thy vices ? Dost thou hate the very thought of sin ? .Art thou watchful over ail things within thee, and'all things around thee ? Is "holi ness unto the Lord" inscribed upon thy whole life? If not, thou hast not a real salvation, and thou cost not know the truth of that salvation ; but if God has made thee truly holy, by the sanctifying power of His Spirit, then listen onco more. One part of the truth of this salvation is that there is a real heaven for thee ; the Lord Jesus says : " Thou shalt tee My glory soon, When the work of grace is done : Partner of My throne shalt be"; so thou shalt dwell for ever in a true heav en, with a true Christ, in true glory, and then only shalt thou know to the full the truth of His salvation. Further, if you would know the truth of God's salvation, remember that the term used here signifies that God"s salvation la real in its constancy. It will bear every strain ; hence it is that David uses it as a plea in prayer. He comes to God, and ho says, " 'Lord, I am in great distress ; I be seech Thee, -help me in my extremity by the trutn of Thy salvation ! Thy salvation never fails, but endures every strain ; there fore, I beseech Thee, deliver me at this moment !" There are some times when you are on your knees, and you want a master-plea, so that you can say, " Lord if it be thus, then deliver Thy servant. Ii this be a promise of Thine, and Thou has I spoken it, now do as Thou hast said." I wish any. dear friend here who is not yei saved might be led to test the truth of God's salvation." Gcd, through Jesus Christ, car ease thee of thy burden at once. Go no away with thy burden, leave it in the pew better still, cast thy burden upon the Lord Jesus can give thee ease and rest. Go no away with thy foulness ; Jesus can wasl thee. Go not outside till thou thyself ar whiter than the snow. The Lord grant thei grace to do so ! Thy faith will give the Goo". The longest arm of the greatest gian can never reach to heaven ; but the finge of faith can touch tho Saviour. Believe thou trust thou ; and the work is done, and tho shalt 'know the truth of His salvation. Le us go our way with just this word of prayei Lord, let us all know the truth of Thy sal vatlon ! May we all trust Thee ! May w trust Thee more, and more, and more, an more, and more ! May we trust Thee im plicitly ! May we trust The up to the hil< and glorify Thee thus by our childlike faitl for Jeeus' sake ! Amen. 