A SOLDIER'S GHOST STORY. This ia a True Story told by ah Old Pensioner to a former Ohapliln of Chelsea Hospital. In tho year 1799 thore was a large garri son at Dover as there was at that time a constant expectation of an attack from France. There wero six battalions at Dover, four of whioh wero quartered in the Castle. On January 14th there happened an event ? which macle a great impression on the garri son, and which was never explained. Among the men whoso duty was sentry-go on that night was Giles Markham, a nativo of I UWKl'SOUgy, will) WIH wiiivu in umieii -% character.'' A bold, boisterous, rollicking fellow, he always loudly expressed a dis belief in things which wero not vouched for by his own senses. On tho night of January 14th, 1799, Giles Markham went on to take his turn of sentry duty at eleven o'clock, and he was to be at his post until one in the morning. The air was cold and bracing. Within the guardhouse a large fire blazed merrily, and tho men wero merry . too. Markham, who was always the leading spirit among his comrades, was full of fun, and ' had entertained his comrades with many a story and jest. At longth his turn for dutv came, and he reluctantly turned out. Dul- . ness fell upon the guardhouse when he left, and most of tho men dropped into a doze. Tho fire was beginning to burn low when suddenly the voice of the sentry at thfc guardhouse-door was heard calling out, and. some one rushed into tho room. Every one was awake in a minuto, and the intruder was seon to be Giles Markham. His cheeks were white, his limbs trembled, his firelock, which he had brought with him, fell with a crash to the ground. Tho whole of the guard wore by this time alarmed, and all crowded round the man and asked in one ' voice - ' .' What's tho matter, Markham T What has haqpened ?' 'I have seen my mother,' gasped the un happy man. : '. Seen tho devil ? said the sergeant. 'And suppose you have, why did you quit your post ?' ' Was I to go into the sentry-box while my mother was here?' demanded Markham, shaking from head to foot as if in an ague fit. ' I tell you, I couldn't do it — no, not if, it wore to save my life.' ' It won't do, Markham,' said the sergeant.' ! Recollect that there are such things as the Articles of War. It won't do to crack your jokes at tho expense of them.' But Markham's manner so impressed the men that some of thom almost unconsciously noted the time by the guardroom clock. It was five-and- twenty minutes to one, and a - memorandum was made of the time. ' I am sorry fo- you, Markham,' said the sergeant, ' hut this must be reported to the officer, and you must take the consequenoes.' ' I don't care what the consequences may be, or to whom you report me,' he replied. When the officer arrived he, of course, de manded an explanation. Markham, who had by this time recovered his self-composure, then gave the following account of bis ad- - venture — ' You know where my post was,' he said, ' ' on the platform of Number Five battery, which overlooks the sea. The sentry whom I relieved reported ' All well.' Over the surface of the Channel, as far lis my eyes could reach, not a thing was moving. The noises from the town grew every hioment less and less, and at last they died away, so that when the clocks struck twelve there was not a sound except the roar of tho sea. I have often done duty on that post before, but never havo I felt tho silence as I did to- night. I was thoroughly depressed by the stillness and loneliness around'me. And then I fell a-tliinking. I thought of my past life, and I knew that it had not been all it ought to have been. I thought of . my mother, and I remembered how she used to weep over my father's loose life— and it was a very loose life — and how sho used to pray that I might turn out a bettor man than he was. Poor mother ! I stood beside the gun, and wopt like a baby as I thought of her, and of what sho would think of me now. After a time the feeling wore off, and I laughed at myself for giving way to silly sentiment- ? alism. I faced about and walked to the end of my beat, and then, feeling tired, made for tne sentry-box. Sir, you may not believe me, but as there is a heaven above us, there ; at the box stood my mother. She was pale, and looked at me with an expression of sorrow that cut mo to the heart. 1 was glued to the spot. I could not move. I heard her voice. She said, 'This day twelve months we shall meet again.' The words smote me, and I, ' who was never frightened before, quaked with fear — fear of what I know not. I tried to speak, but couldn't. At length I found feeling return to my legs, and I bolted. Believe me as you like, every word I have said, sir, is true.' ' You have told a strange story, Mark ham,' said the officer, ' to account for your commission of a serious military offence. But I will do this much for you. A prisoner you: must be, and a report must be sent in to morrow to the colonel ; but he shall be told your tale, and as you have been a good soldier I will beg his leniency for you. You are a native of Tewketbury, you say. Does ; your mother live there ?' 'I have every reason to suppose so,' answered Markham. 'It is years since I have seen her or written to her.' 'Very well,' said the officer, 'your mother shall be written to ; and your fate will depend on the answer.' Markham was kept a prisoner that night, : and was reported next morning. Two letters were despatched by the colonel, one to Markham's mother, and another to the : olergyman of the parish in wbich she was ' supposed to reside. In due course there came back answers to both letters. One ' was in the handwriting of Markham's father, and the other from the parson. , The latter, stated that he had received an intimation the very morning when the colonel's letter reached him that the woman concerning whom the inquiries had been made was to' be buried next day. Markham, senior, in his letter stated that his wife had died at half-past twelve on the night of January 14th. The news made so much impression on the colonel that Markham was released. Time rolled on until a year had gone, and Markham's regiment was at Ashford. When January 14th came round again Markham seemed as healthy as ever. He had gone through a hard fatigue duty in the day, and ; when oedtime came he gladly tumbled in, saying a cheery ' Good-night ' to his com rades. That was at ten o'clock. Some two hours and a half alterwards one of the men ? of Markham's company, who had had leaye to be late, came in, and was a bit noisy. Some of the men woke up, and Markham's voice waB heard saying, 'I am coming; - mother.' It was 12.30 on the 14th January^ - Markham was found dead in his bed the next morning, with a peaceful, happy look in his face. 