A Just Judge. (By George Black, itx 4Tlie Worker,') It tvaa in the prime o1 tl»o Easter time "^hen the rights were long and cold, Thai Macfie oamo down from the buck to town With a new tale to unfold. •• I've been to Moree for a spoil," said ho, "To the Grass-fed Races there, And the dreadful raid which the long drought made ITftfi juet stripped the country bore." *- It has loft no blade iu the sun or shade * It would bt? u flUiurtieh mule Taat a mMl could glo&u;, the1 it raked it clean, Erom 13roeza to Angledool." *i Tot the prods were lit as two bands oould get, As well as a man could send; They would scarcely wait for the starter's gate And they raced from end to end," (When a grass-fed oolt of his bit takes holt, As the Moree mokes did theirs, You may bet your sox he eats from a box— And his owner is unawares 1) 41 There wore races six. in the hag of trioks— With three stiff nips in botwoon; 60 down went tho sun ere the loot was run, And then—God Save the Queen 1" 41 To the left and right you met stewards so tight— They had sampled every brand — Winners were so kind that the judge was blind And the starter oould not stand.', He'd a field of ten in front of him then— Six bays, a chestnut, a brown, A beautiful black- the Karrabri oraok— And a grey from Tarn worth town," " Be got them away just a bit astray, With the black and white in front; For tho spectral hide of the grey did glide Where the darky led the hunt." "And the dust flew high as the posts flashed by Where they galloped breast and breast; they never cried 1 wait' and entered the straight A street ahead of the rest" "Withoutswerve or flinch they fought out each inch, Fast looked in a hot embrace; And a blaok-wbite ghost streaked past the post At a clinking ding-dong pace." "Then the crowd poured out with Jan eager shout, To know who'd won the fray; And they asked ' Who won 1 The Gray or Dust1 The judge belohed out, ■ Whatsh ehay P " i! He had got them bsd, and the boys got mad As oats on the midnight tiles; Bo they yelled: ' Less skitel Was it black or white f' Judge said: 'fiebaldshwou bymiles!'" 