CLEANED 0UTVA CIRCUS Major Henry A. Nowman broke int0 another of his characteristic stones the lust timo ho was in town, 'Saya the ' St. Louis' Republic.' This is the way he told it, und thoro woro presont half a dozen to vouch for its truthfulness. ' Away back in '58 or '59 there lived an old fellow by t.ho name of Suinpter, who wus u neignuour ot mine, lio had been in the Creek war under Gen. Jackson, and ono of his relatives had been killed in tho massacre at Fort Minims. He had a great and undying hatred of Indians and was very bitter in his denunciation of them at all times, lie was tall, iron crev and well preserved for his nge. He iiuulo tubs, half-bushol .measures, &c.;, and made a moro living at tliis occupation. I Kuvc the old man tho title of 1 General ' of which he was very proud. ' Frank Pcrrine, a neighbour of mine who has since died, and myself, opened our hearts and hands and agreed to 1 take the General ' to a circus at my town, Huntsville Mo. We purchased tho ticlccta and cave him some odd chango to buy lemonade The ' General,' Frank and myself tooka'lowcr seat. Now, tho circus hud a detachment of about twenty Indians, who came in with war paint and.feathers and danced tho creen corn, the ghost dance, and other Indian per formances, and then performed a scalping 'It, was very realistic.. A white woman rode into tho ring with an Indian holding a tomahawk and scalping knife in close pur suit. Kound and round tho ring they (lew the Indian gaining on the whito maiden whose black hair hung in glossy waves down hor back. She acted Tier part well, and v»aa apparently much frightened. 'The Indian grabbed the woman and dragged her from tho horse, threw her ,lm„„ and Baalped her. He held up the wig, al dripping with blood- Venetian red. A thrill of horror ponetrated tho audience. General Sumpter s blood was up. and, before Frank and myself could restrain iiim, rushed into the -ring and with his hickory stick felled the Indian to the ground. The remainiiiT Indians closed around tho 'General,' but his 'dander' was up. ' The Indians commenced falling asleep under liis repeated blowa as fast as they did at the 'Horse Shoe.' Frank and myself rushed into the ring to bring the ' General ' out. Tho crowd was yelling with delight, thinking it part of tho show. Above the yells of the combatants could be heard the loud laugh of Forked Eyed. Adams, a well- known character from the Chariton divide.. who could laugh so loud that it was said it killed tho mosquitoes on the Chariton river a mile off. ' Ab Frank grabbed tho ' General Va big burly showman knocked him down. The old clown made at mo. I was an athlete in thoaa days. I dodged him and gave him a right hander on the nose and sent him out of the ring. At that moment an Indian struck me over the head with a stuffed war club and sent me to the sawdust. The ' General ' sent him on top of mo w^tli a club that was not stuffed. Several of our friends rushed in to help us, but the darned fool crowd yet believed it part of tho show, and were enjoying it hugely. Forked Eyed Adam's laugh was heard above the warcrics of the Indians, and the old ' General ' was yelling at- tho top of his voice, ' Hurrah for Gen. Jackson and Davy Crockett.' ' I finally got hold of tho clown, and Frank grabbed theGenerul.and matters were adjusted without actual murder being com mitted. Frank carried away a black eye and I had a knot as big as a hanging bird's nest over my right ear. The next year we declined to take the ' General ' to the circus.' 