SPECIALtt WVRITTEs 1i' O TIHE N"·EWCASTLE ~MORNING l1ERALD."., By SIDNEY; CARTON. 1 3IIA'ER I. 'WAR: IEVER, ItOPE ARMS l The military mlerobe W#ts clearly in the air. The " Boer bacillus," as the doctor face tiously termed it, had spread the inhabitants who had takeu the epidemic badly were drilling furlously by day, and in their dreams by night. 'Right about turn!" It was "turn about," but the "right" of it was dubious, for some of the company, being sinister-that is to say, left 'banilcd-indlviduals, turned the wrong way, and the little Scotch bayber caught the body snatcher a soundintg smack on the cheek with his sloped bayonet. " You'- fool !" he snapped angrily, feeling on his face for somethilng to match the. adjeeti'e he used. " You clumsy ilomkey!" He .naturally obJected to being ' tapped " at such an early stage of the campaign, but the little Scotch barber only laughed with the rest' until the drill ser geant called them to order. .In the tnterlitde, howrever, thie school master had become aware of something which was not to be endured. Holding ilap:his hand deprceatingly, and telth a bhur pied' "Excuse me," he loft the ranks and. strode over to the fence. from whence had . 'come an echlo of the laughter in boyish giggles, and where he saw the twintkling of bright eyes betwaseen the palings. " Hero you, boys, clear out of there at once," he said ferociously, prodding at them ineffectually throtugh .the cracks. "If Tcatch any of you here again, I'll give you a .sixer each in school to-morrow." It was a safe threat, considering that it was Frtday, and there would be no school next day;, but the boys seampered off and he re itirned to the ranks. ",These interruptions musSt not go on," said the drill' master stiffly. "I'm very sorry,"' said the school master, npologetl .ceally; .'hut you Know we couldn't stand havlng those youngsters quizzing around. 'Thereo..ould be.no discipline afterwards, 'eiheor at home or otl school." Here the chemist, who, b'oefore the In'terruption, had been. wrltbling--lf a very corpulent man can be safd to writhe. under the stony criti cism of his eldOst sn---gave dhe Ochool master a grateful nod. and the drill was resumed. "Grosund arms!" At which the portly dosfor, not being able on account of his rigure, to locate his toht precisely,:grounded his musket vigor ously onhis favourite corn. There .was an instant exploslon-langt age, not powder, a.nd ugatn the ripple of a amusement passed through 'the ranks. "Oh, it's awfully ftunr, of coulue!" said the doctor, grinning round him savagely with the pain, and staundirng very much "at ease" without oraers, to nurse his throb bing'te. - ."It's a clear case'o' retribu tion,"' mufmurcd the "little Sotbh barber in a gleeful undertone.to 'the body snatcher, whom .he was anxious to conciliate; " for the doctor's aye treadin' on some ither body's corns all the year round." "Now', .boys," said the sergeant witjha a desperate attempt at geniality, though he wans fast losing his temper, "let us get on, we,have had far too many 'interruptions. Tompus will fuglt. you know." At whlch rcmarkablu. statomen.t 'the tmdy-snatchler , M.A of Trinity. College; Dublin., and boats at tlhe Cbntnal Hotel-guffawed loudly, and Sthe rest;: iwtlier they saw the point or not. jofned in:t.: so.t' The serge;nt :turned red and looke' atllfy, but hobe could not imagine what was w: rong, and struggled on for a while longer. But the .sqtid .had plainlty .become 'hysteri S'cal, so he lapsed into n.d!gnfled sulk, and , brought thi manoeuvred 'to a speedy close. 'There seem'to be sonmeethng mout revolu -.. teory: in the very nmame ofwsar,soineth'tEng : ultraradlchl iit but the flagerlng of a cart rtdge, andithe. sncreomell of powder Is as .levelling ate thie balls which it projects. This was. erldeont ..in the desultory tallc ".swltleh followed. ' This' group of men of all. 'sorts and :-conditions 'as more .tnlted S-lthe l.onds: of Eqiuality and Fr~ate?alty, by the milltary movem.~nt than ever be fore-than .even liy the annual race meet " Png.":: ::'" ·' ,' . . .:After the genMl bai~k manager had aired ia?s leow:of tahb:outlobo, he. listened with considerable:respect and. pat;ienos to a pa trlotict'auithurt: from hho' bod.y-.nat'cher. to aham in forin:er 'timesahe ,had been in the habit of coaitemptuously ,tdaEsing shtiltngs to •the billlard'room. : Then the .bllous- look i .In?tailor ,ho wast st~rong In Shakespear :a n taiigely faRvoured the .ucompany with a s' electilon from Henry V., and would prob Sably have.contliued'on 'till the end of the •'play, only tlhita:t orge Selwyn, who was no 'thing if .ot pruttctl, noted the lengthen Ing :shaddw3.e and declared abruptly that he '.mist lie going. Then he and 'Alf. Gart Swrlghtminouintto annd rode "tavay together. \- It, svas Friday 'afternoon, the usual vceekly half-hiblday" and 'thu one straggling street of ?lrilmeli lay qaltet and deserted i: jn thehotnn suanshte, and 'the lazy dust rose :i languidly .'i~jout the thorses' feet as they :'ed siO loly tdaoughu'a'I It. 'Presently the :two:icn 'pared'a out of It on to the grass, ua 'nd.'ittswosats'rellietta ride silently.under S'theiflickerliig shade of tel gum trees on a sniooth falnt track. S Tiete twY o though great chums, and con stan'tly together, were a decided contrast. :Gergd Salwyn, the older by a year or two, snas ,very Itall and dark and handsome, ?,'ith frank. rostn 'yes thLat 'took a kindly and practical view of a. world that had al 'anys 'been very good to him. His short flppling hair was raven black, save for a tiny snow whlto patebh, the effect of come laid cut or blow, Just 'aeare the left temple. ils .horse, too, a splpendid an'imal, the dea pair and envy esen of the 'troopers, was black as coal, and. like 'Its .master, was jladed with W-hite upon thie tforehead. ;.Af. Cartoright was fair and slight and delicate-lookitng; he was rather tall, though nearly half a hlead lower thatl George, to whom he constantly looked up with a kind of wiatful fidelity and hero 'worshitp. For was not George Rose's cou sin, was he not privileged to live in the dhl 'e hiasne with her? George's presence ',ahs always" a tangibleo suggestion of Rose, and All. accordingly basiked in the pres once sand the suggestite whenever he could: In spite of his yellow halir' and 'the girlish blushes whlcih eo could never control, or . dvirconime, he was a masnlyenough lad5 and thad gained vastly in strength and experi encence ce the memoriable day, when, mounting for his first ride, he had climbed uz'ona the wrong '!el of 'the hprse to the amlizement and deligbt of all beholders. "Are you going to volunteer'?" asked I George at li:t brupt!!. '.Alf. started viol ently and jerked hise reain so thit the w.eedy, wiry brown pony undter him fidgeted .along oldcways for ai dozer yards or so, and the iEidy colour sprang itup into hlscheeks. 'He hind bean ,holding an inagrmry' inter view :with RHre regarding that very sub ject, and now at George's sudden question. his air-castle was ehattered and he turned hot and cold at tao bare Idea of all be 'had been saying to her. In imagi?natlon. "[ ~ don't know; perhaps I will. I haven't made up my mind," he stammered. "Are -ou ?" o'uot much!" said George emphatically. "It's .not good enough. There are plenty of men who can get away better than I can, and it's not as if we are really swanted. It's only a compliment, after all, to the Home Government." • I suppose so," said hAlf, albsently. His mental arguments regarding the mat ter took on a more personal and romantic: colour. Vith him it was purely a matter which concerned himself and Rosa, and not Lord Salisbury, at all. "You see, I have so nmany things in hanI just now," went on George, continuing the one-sided argument from his own point of view. "It would be madness to rush away and leave them all ·to go to rack and ruin. For father tis past all active work now; he Is very feeble, and has well earned the right to sit in his arm-chair for the rest of his life." AIf. nodded; his hand was on a white gate inscribed with the name of Selbourne, and he wondered if George, who hald reined up to flnish his sentence, was coming through too. "Oh, I tbeg your pardon! You are going up io the. house? I have promised to go to Bo~nabei this evening. Would you mind telling my mother I shall not be home for tea?" Alf. nodded again, and, for once, as he shut the gate between them, ae felt glad that George was to be absent. CHAPTER II. AT SELBOURNE. Mr. and Mrs. Selwyn were on the veran dnh as Alf. rode up, and the former cordi ally waved his hand ,in the direction of the stable, a gesture whlich Alf. underjdtood of old. He accordingly went round, put up his horse, and strolled barck to the veran dah, knowing that he was welcome to stay the evening. And Rose, who, without glancing up from her artistic table dccora tions on which she was engaged, had known that the quick little stepl of his pony was not the stately tread of Gorge's black Superb,-- Rose came out to welcamo him iWith a bright Emnoeo and somethilg teasing to say about his military appearance. Alt. wts a great cavourito with her, as with most people. Alf. delivered George's message, and no ticed the faint shade of disappointment that passed over the girl's bright face. There was an awkward ipause for a moment or two, opportunely .brolket, 'however, by the advent of Teddy. Teddy was Rose's step-brother, the only child of old Mr. Selwynl's scape grace eldest son Jack. Jack had married Rose's me ther, a wideow, whose money he had squan tered pretty thoroughly before he finally broke her lhelrt. Sole small portion of her fortune, hoswever, secured to Rose, he had not been able to touch, and though yielding but a slender income it had edu Cited her, while Teddy found a home with his grand-parents. Since leaving school Rose had lved a great deal at Selbourne, and looked upon it as her home. She had a bgreat gift for drawing, and was indeed an artist to the extreme tips of her ilainty little fingers. At school she had early given promise of great talent, and her paintings later on had Iteeu most favourahly criticised in the studio w;here she had been taught. .Rose loved much better to dabble with paints and blrushes than to ply a needle, or dust and cook and churn, ; nevertheless, she took her full share of thoee domestic occupa tions so sweetly that old Mrs. Selwyn, who had never had a daughter, loved her and called her "nmy own dear lassie." Rose moveover 'was a perfect little mother to Teddy and the two orphans clung .to gether in a way that would have been pa thetic in a less happy home. It was the dream of her life that when Teddy was old enough to go to the High School she should have a dear little home down in Sydney with him; it was to have a studio where she could paint those wonderful pictures she dreamed about, all day long, till Teddy came ?Some in the afternoon. George-well George would be smrrlcd by then, and she did not think she would like to live at Sel bourne with George's sife. Teddy was not yet fourteen, however, a regular carn ,stalk, almost as ,tall as Alf., and exeesdling ly slight and thin. As he came out, he saluted All. ,with an unceremodtlou's grin. "Well, howc did you get on? I was watch in' you drill till the boss hunted us." Then turning to Roe 'he exclaimed, "My word, it was a lark! You ought to have seen the body-snatcher! He got a most aw [ul-" "Teddy," said Al, isithl grave concern, and some horror in his eyes, "Teddy! You have been having a bath!" "Yes, why net?" retorted the hboy, reddening rather defiantly, such matters of toilet bhing a source of much dispute between hfm and his sister. "Why not? ' he aepeated. "You have :had an awfully narrow es cape. Did you hear 'what happened to a man in Sydney lately, a sanc something lilte you?" "No," said Teddy dubiously, suspectitng a trap. "Well, he went in for a batth one unlucky day, and he has never been seen or heard of since-supposed to navo been sucked denln through the was:cte-plpe when he pull ed the plug out." Then 'the tea bell created a freoh diver sion, and after that soomt was over they came out again and sat on the lawn in the starllight. After 'a. while Teddy was sent off grumbling to do his home lessons, for, as Rose declared, he would never open a book on Saturday; if the lessons were not prepardd on Friday night, he broke the Sabbath over them. Then the old people want inddors, and presently from the open French windows of the sitting-room came the low murmur of Mrs, Selwyn's voice reading to her hus band. For hours she was in the habit of reading thus to him, for his eyesight was bad, and her own was marvellously good. It was very peacetei out there in the dim summer night. Alf. throw 'hin~s£ down on the grass at Rose's oeet and gazed up at her with beating heart, wondering how` to begin what he \'antcd to say. Rose was only 'nineteen, but he was very much afraid of her. He had worshipped her ever slince the night he had float met her, when she had come out at theipolo ball, That was In the winter of last year, and now the sun only shoneni for him -w 0 she was In Mermieri, and life becamen a 'bliank wwhen she was vay stayhlg, as she sometimes did, with. fiendas. in Brisbano, orl Mel bourne. He had not much hope that she cared for him, for with the iltuftion: boes of his love, hensuspected that seo: thought aegret. deal of George. BlInd,,..atupid, George, who treated her with. kind rmusinly fatmi-.. liarlty, though he was .nsot eally related to her at all; George, who was sepposed ton be engaged to' Miss 'Mannera-elI., as he looked at Rose adoringly, wondered at,his taste and deocrimination; . ,:'i :: : PrseirtlyRose hersel gave hisn the ?pErs Ing he desired. "'W as there a good muster; at drill?" -she 'asked. ' .. "Yes; very full," he answered. "'Vlest was the Joke Teddy hlad fwiddlh you strangled so unmercifully?" Then Aft. told her in his own qusdnt way of the diversions of the squad 'But why do you call him 'the body-al nat cher!" she asked, laughtry. "*feh an awful'name for a or r ?noffenslve ero'atre. You "It's only what he always sougglts to me. Don't you think yourself that he is a moat cadaveross-looking fello? Ayd when he gets drunk, he looks mbre like an amiable old ghoul than ever." " W\ill he volunteer?" asked Rose. "Oh, yes; he's mad to go, and It will be tFe best thing that could ever happen to him. He will never straighten up here, and there is just a chance for him out there. It Is just the place for such a fel low-and for me," he added as an after thought, "What do you mean? You are not go Ing, too?" asked Rose quickly. "It all depends on you, dar," he answer ed in s voice that sounded strange in his owns earso as he took her hand and laid his cheek upon it. It was out at last! But she snatched her hand away. "Don't ibe foolish," she said with a ner vous laogh. "It is not foolish I hope to care so much for you. You hlve knowon all along, I am sure, how much I loved you." "No. oh not" "I had not much hope that you c,~red for me," he went on softly and sadly. "Couldn't you say 'Yes,' dear? "Don't!" she cried. "We have been such good friends, hut I could not-" "Never mind,." he said in the same level anonotonous voice."Only forgive me for tell log you. I could not help it. I thought there might be a chance." "I am so sorry; you ?lave aLways been so kind, and I have likted you so much." "Oh, I daresay I shall got'over it, anid there is the whole Trinsvaal to help me. It is not vouchsafed to everyone to have a sar in full blast for distraction." "Don't go!" she cried piteously. "It is cruel to put the reason of your going on me. Stay at home, ,we can be good friends still." "It is better for me to go. I could not settie down again here, and it is Just such fei'tow-s as I, without any particular home cr friends, who ctn best be spared. Now, Garge-" "o0es- Geo'go want to go?" and .In spite of herself there wes a break in her voice that nmdo him s'ince. "No, George said this afternoon most de cidedly that he nould not go," he ansner ed dreamily. He had taken her hand ogain and laid his cheek upon it against her knee. He was tasting tcho lotos of des pai?ing bliss, and 'in lher pity for him khe di'd not disturb "'his brief dream of paor dise. "I??e.hope he will not go," said Rose softly. "It would kill his mother." "His mother, yes." echoed Alf. in a far naway tone. "And lis father, too." "Yeu," still more softly. And that wes all. Hw long ~they sat thus, motionless and silent, .ith only the undertone of the summer night about them, they never knee. rt'hen suddenly a locd, firm step sounded on the verandah. It was George. He did not appear to notice the figures dimly out line:d on the laten, but passed directly into the house to his room and shut the door. The spell was snapped. Alf. started up wlth a wrench that' was like physical tor ture. His heart was broken as he lifted it from before tier feet, though he carried it atterwards bravely eenough, hidden from view, and never once bore it for pitying in spection on his sleeve. "Goodbye!" he said with a smile that twisted his boyish face pathetiolly. He was standing before her, holding both her hands. "Goodbye!" she said kindly. "But you wllt come again?" "I will come to say 'Goodbye,' at any rate," he answered.. "Goodbye!" • Ho kissed her hands passlonately, and then went away quickly wlt?h his head bent down, and Rose went into the house, with the tears overflowing from her soft grey eyes. CHAPTER III. AT BOtIABRI. When George parted with AM. at the white ga'ies of Selbourne, he rode off brisk ly, andl soon arrived at Bomabrl, the plBace adjoining .his father's land. It was ohar acteristtc of the two families that al though Selbourne was larger, better wat ered, and more generally tmproved than Bomabri, the latter was aholys calied 'The Station," while Selbourne wan spoken of merely by name, or alluded to under the somewhat vague definition of a "pro perty." The house at flomcnbr.l was also In some respects a type of its owners, being rather pretentious in style, but .fast railing into decay. The Manners were an old and very aristocratic family, who had at one time been wealthy, but who prided them selves rather less on that past glory 'than non the fact of their great uncle, the Chief Justice. George heard a good deal of that Chief Justice in his visits to Bomnabri, so did most people. And when newcomers to the district alluded to the Chief Justice after their first call at Bomabri, they were piuzzled by the quiet smile which passed round the company. The Manners had once o?-ned extensive stations in Queensland, but these had long ago reverted to the banks, and now they lived very quietly at Bomabri, finding It hard to make both ends meet. Dora, the only daughter, was so fair and tall and stately that she might have been taken as a model for a picture of "Dear Lady Dis dain," but the soul was not there to match so fair a body. All the iidluences of her early life bad been narrowing, and had combined to cramp and spoil what might have been rather a fine character. Her mother and father, though so very highly connected, had suffered from the isolation of bush life, and were but imper fectly educated. Dora's early training •'ad been entrusted tq an elderly governess of the old school, who, because she had taught the mother, was considered .good enough to educate the daughter. This an cient spinster -was ans ultra Tory of the "prunes and prism" order, and taught Dora above all things to worship at the shrine of the afore- mentioned Chief Jus tice. And one of the most severe punlsh ments Dora ever received was for being discovered reading a newspaper. "One of the vulgarest things you could do, my child! No lady ever reads the newspaper it is only flt for men. I never read the newspapers maysetf." Dora was sent nlater on to finish at a fashionable Sydney College, the chief merit of which, in her mother's eyes, was its ex clusiveness. There tie girls were well and solidly taught by 'expert governesses and visiting masters, and had sound, if somewhat advanced, theories of life instill ed into them by the lady principal, whose time, however, was too much occupied by literary work and the women's suffrage movement to give much individual atten tion to backwa\rd pupils. With the me Jority of the girls the training answered well enough, but with Dora the extreme change was too severe. It was like treat lng: a famished kitten to a full meal of .meat, and the consequences were tully as disastrous. Dora left school a mental and .moral dyspeptle with distorted views of the plainest duties of life. She wars for ever longing] to become a genius in some fresh depaftment, of art, and working furiously until failure disgusted her, or the fit wore .off. She had bd the scribbling fever, and had solemnly ..committed to the flames a novellit'tf&end; sundry verses, after their re jeciqii by a'short-slghted and cruelly beus ,quo ditor. ,?se .wan a good pianist, but after failing in the Senior Trinity'College eanlnatoion had scgarcely touched the piano except'i sttrumn those walitzos whiuh suited ise t~iVncisP?1llib'alre of MIerimerl. She was in ,bhort, a:·girl of fair Intelligence, and moere than: medlocre talent, whose various ccbmllis-hifents bhad they clustered round a e elr.badhidked rind, 'would have adorned hrr wiereais they trailed useless and strag glingto ut a purposeless life, uading of it verily r'a thing of shreds and snatches." At the present time she was in a transl ion stage, passing from the Intedilectual advrnled woman type t1 histriosic art After an obeuatixv and enervatIlng course of m:adern dramatic literature, she felt that she had It In her to become a queen of tragedy. She also imagined herself bori to rale the hearts of men, and bend them to-her wItl, to send them on fortorn hopes for her sake. -Add to tll, that she had Im bibed the dotor's Boer bacillus, and the mood in which she met George, unfortu nately the fiat victim available, can be imagined. lThe disaster also which befel Carn be in a large meaa:re accounted for. She W.s redliting In a hammock on the verandah when George came round from the stables where bhe had left Superb. One of Ibson's plays eas in her right hand, a fan in her left. She galvo George one of the "slow. sweet smiles" which she had been- practising ever since she had renad about them, and attempted to rise in a dig nIfied manner to receive him with the or thodox queenly grace. But a hammock does not yield itself to a dignified depar ture from its mobile, or rather, perhaps, it yields itself too readity. IIowever, Dora .made rather a bungle of her rising, and by the 'timo George hadl disentangled the hem of her skirt from -the last of its meshes and picked up her book and her fan, she was distinctly cross. "How -hot it is!" she said. peevishly, feeling her hair .all over, conscious that its arrangement had suffered in the slight sacrimmage. "That was not exaotly the first thing you mec-nt to say, I am sure," said George, umiling good naturedly at her. "Aren't you a little bit glad I came?" "Of course; I suppos0 you came straight from drill; how did you get on?" Then George gave her an animated ac count of the a'fternoon's proceedings, in the midst of which MIr. Manners came out to listen. Presently the mother came, too, a harassed looking woman who bore the wholo burden of a somewhat erratic house hbold upon her stooping shoulders. Then the talk glided on to the war, the latest news from 'the front, and MIr. IManners be gan to speculate as to how many men MSeri meri would send, and who theywould be. "All. Cartwright may go," said George, "and Joe Graham, the carter, is pretty sure to be another. And then there's the body snatcher, Dick fDovine, at the -Central, I mean, he's just mad to go. I really don't know of any others for certain." "Not one other, George?" said Dora., im p.ressively. "Well, they won't get -me, if that's what you mnean," he said, laughing, thinking she was -in jest. And just -then the tea-bell tang. After tea, with the privilege of lovers, George and Dora had the dusky verandah to themselves. Dbra was in the most tre gio of moods. She admired and liked George exceedingly, but had always, even when they first became engaged, thought it such a pity that George, with his appear ance and education, should be nothing but a farmer. She had made up her mind pri vately that he must be something more than that, and now the -ay seemed open. I-IHe must go to the Transsaal, as an of er, of course, and win such distinction that lte would receive a .commission in a regular regiment, and she would become an ofit cer's wife. IAs to how it .was all to be trought about she wmas not quite clear, but she had a vague idea that if once he start ed all the rest would come to pass. As to the remote possibility of his being kldlled she dlid not entertain a thought. -But it was worrying to find George so stupidly bent on remaining at home, and she was the more determined on that account to send him forth. So as they stood together in the deepen ing twilight, she faced -him, and in her most impressive tones, said, "George, your Queen has need of you." "All right, your Majesty, what is it?" be ahswered -laughing at Eher. He hon estly thought she was rehearsing something for the dramatic club, of which she had lately become a member. "George, I aam in earnest. Your Sove reign Lady Queen Victoria (there is no ambiguity about the Prayer Book) calls you to her aid." "Then, I'm afraid she'll have to call," said George, bluntly. "For she won't get me." He began to feel suddenly hurt and annoyed as it dawned on him that she might be in earnest. "George, how can you speak so at the mo munt of the Empire's most deadly peril!" "Nonsense!" he answered shortly. "The Empire is not in any deadly perl that I can see, and I am not going to inconveni once myself, to say nothing further, to pay the Queen tn idle compliment." "George," shie began again, and rolled Ithe name. which Iends itself well to trag edy, in 1the most sonorous tones, "Is ft pos sible you mean to lose suhs a chance as this? Do you really mean to stay bo hind?" "Of course, I do. It is quite out of thie -question. I cannot think of it. I cannot be spared from the place just now, above all other times, with such splendid pros pects for the wheat and the new dairy and creamery just set going. So 'let us drop the subject, dear, and talk of something else, I was going -to tell you-" he be gan, attempting to put his arm around her, btt she moved awan.y fromn him impatiently. "I cannot let -the subject drop," she said, persistently. I am so disappointed that you eannot see your duty to your country and yourself." "And to you?" he queried coldly, stung by her repulse. "It seems a ,strange thing for you to so persist that I should go on a wild goose chase like -that if you really care for me." "You klnow I care," she replied with re proachful tears in her eyes. "It is only for your sake and .for Patriotism that I am so anlxious." "Then give it up, love," he said gently but firmly. "You must allow me to cettle my life for myself. A fellow must have liberty to do his duty as it shows itself to him. And I consider it my duty to standl by the father and mother as long as they are spared to me." Thpere was no response. "Think, dear," be went on pleadingly "what their lifo has been. They have al ways worked so hard, and they have had so nmany heart-breaks, Of their four sons, I am the only one left. Jack was a contin ual disgrace and -terror -till 'he died. Bob was buried at sea, and Jim is away, no one lknows where. .If I left -them now, with the care of the whole place on them it would simply kill them." - "I don't see why," .sald Dora rather beartlessly. He looked at her curiously for a? mo menrt, and then went on. "If it were a matter of gtsvo .necessity of course I should not hesitate. If .We were called upon to defend our own shores and homes, I would go at once. -But there will be ten times as many volunteers as are required, and doubtless the English could see the matter through without us AustralianS a all.". "Come, little girl," he added after an om inous silence, "you must have war fever pretty badly to want to offer me up as a sacrifice to dfars." "You have no ambition, then?" she ask1 ed ?bitterly, "no wish to rise in position, to beome an officer, a gentleman." Something seemed to clutch at George's heart, and a kind of cold fury swept over him as Pt domned on him for the first time that his promised wife in her hear; despised him aid his position. "I have yet to learn,"' he said very, very quietly, "that I am not a gentieman, and I fall to see how I should improve antters by going Into exile and leaving my property to go to ruin." "'Are my wishes- nothing to your '" 'tYour wishes are not reasonable; if lthey were, you ,would have no occasibon to ex press them, .for I would forestall ithem. You neay rest assured that lsnen I am really vanted, I will be there. But I will not become a vagabond for a mere sentimeltt, however fine." "You might find fresh excuses then." - "By which you inaply that I am a coward. and afraid to go?" he asked, going very white, but looking her straight in the eya. She dropped her gaze, and oly replied with a smile, which ei:made her face look ugly. and Georgeo found himself feeling glad that he 'as ntot bound for llfe to a woman who could look like that. She must have been mail to drive such a. man from her side. She was mad, indeed, with a disease that Is born of evil reading. of morbid dreanms, and of idleness. "Have you nothing more to say?" he ask ed, hoarsely. She chook her head; she ranted to see how 'far she could venture, then recall him and humour him before shie returned to the attack. But she did not know the man she was insulting. "In which case I had better set you free, .E with your exalted idoeas of patriotism yoen could not possibly marry a coward. Goodbye," and striding down the steps he Swas gone in a moment. Dora was startled. "Georgn!" she call ed, "George, come back!" but be did not iheed her. George rode home drunken with rage and mLsery. He had been called a coward for the first time in his life, and by a wo -an, so that he could not retaliate. CHAPTER IV. THE WHITE FEATHER. How it first came to be wbispered about will never be known, but it probably arose from Dora's impatient reply when ques tloned by her mother as to George's sudden departure that evening. The mother fool ishly whispered it to silly little IMrs. Car tor, and she, doubtless, embellished the account in repeatingit to her husband, who was very jealous of George as a rival marksman. However it grow, it' Is certain that in a marvellously short space of rime it came t beh understood that George Sel wyn was afraid to volunteer, that he was only a toy soldier, and that -titss Manners was so disgusted with him that she had broken off her engagement. There were people, of course, who defended George and ridiculed the idea of his being a coward : but when .ir. Carter, who had already vol unteered, though he had a wife and three little children, asked pointedly how George had ever shown his courage, they had no de Pinite answer ready. So the rumour grew. George, going savagely and silently about his work for two or three days knew no thilng of it all, till one morning, while hast Ily drinking his eleven o'clock cup of tea in the kitchen, the letters were brought in from the post. Thero was only one for him, a long ?thin envelope boaring ?a strange half- pripted address. With nitural curi csity George opened Ii at once, and at first thought there was nothing inside, but on turning it about there fell out upon the table a large white feather. A shell from the Boer camp would have been less appalling. He stared at the thing a moment or two with dilateng eyes, then picked it up as if it burnt his fingers, carefully replaced it in the envelope, and walked out of the kitchen. His mother looked after him in helpless bewilderment, but Rose, whioso quick intuition had takel in the situation, -flushed with anger, and indignant tears sprang into her eyes. The maid stood staring and giggling. "What does it mean?" asked the mother. "Oh. hush!" said Rose, with a swift glance at Kate, "I wonder where he has gone." But she could not find him anywhere, and not till evening did he return, looking so ehite and tired and miserable that their heafls ached for hlim. His mother took him tea out to the verandah in the twi light, and Rose kept Teddy out of sight and hearing. Next day there was a pointed paragraph in the local hibl-weekly paper. It spoke of tfair-weather friends of the Empire and of certain individuals who put patriotsim in their pockets when it interfered with their profit or pleasure. - "Who will this be meant for?" enquired old Mr. Selwvyn innocently, beaming at his son over his spectacles and handing -him the paper with his thumb against the para graph. George read -it, laid It idown with some thing between a groan and an. oath, and walked away. "What is wrong wl' him?" asked -the old gentleman, and then they were obliged to explain to him that bIerlmeri had taken it into its chuckle head to call Georage a coward. In the next Issue of the paper It was pointed out with shamne and regret how few had as yet volunteerea for active service. Every young unmarried man, it was as serted, should at this' critical juncture, place his services at the disposal of the Empire. It was to be hoped that one or two such young men of the better class would bravely come forward to lead the movement, and then they might send away a contingent worthy of the distrlct, etc., The next Friday afternoon George swent to dril as usual. Through the interven ing time he had spoken to no one of his trouble, refusing to discuss it even with his mother, and gently disregarding Rose's timidly proffered sympathy. The drill went on mnch as usual, and the nien .treated George in the ordinary wacy, as far as could be seen, still he fancied a coolness and constraint where probably none existed. After dismtissal, George did nbt linger to chat, but was standing with hls foot in -the stirrup ready to mount, when an impudent bricklayer, who .had prbably had a glass of bedr too much, call i's out 'I say, George, is it true what they say, tIat you are showing the white feather ? Give it the lie, lad!" iGecorge wheeled round instantly and fac ed them all. i"Yes," he said, and his voice rang hard at the claSh of steel. "Yes, it is true! I show it always, I cannot help :it." and he tllrw off his hat and passed.his -hand across tie snowy patch of hair above his temple. "yi horse shows it, too," he went on, ca rstsing the white star that blazed bdtwoseen thle creature's eyes. "And-we are going to the T?ranasvaal, Superb and I. to show It Ito -the Boers. And it scill always be in front" Then ito stood motionless as a -statue, his hand upon the horse's mane, and the plc tufe they made, man and steed, was mag nificent. A great cheer broke .from the crowd. The horse started sad curvetted, bit no ~answering smile brokle over Giorgo's set face, his lips locked as if carv ed in stone, Some of the men would have crowded round him with questions and con gtntulations, but the cold disdain in his eyes chilled them, and they fell back ai??n. Before thu chemerlng had died out b had sriung to his saddle and ridden otf alyne, Llone, feeling now for -the first time a cqwvard, -with a brand of shame 'burning lills outcast gCain's upon his brow. The thing had been done in an impulse of fury, he was committed to it now, but he lknew hd was doing wrong because he 'had not the saral courage to endure a sneer, to hive down -misunderstanding. The old people bore it very bravely for h sake, and there was instantly a general rul?lon of feeling in .his- favour. Several ohers volunteered after him, and the town resolved to honour 'them In every possible wray before hhey left. They had a public meeting, and arranged a picnic for them, a baniluet, and last of all the dramatic club gave a grand entertainment in their hon That was a most marvellous pormftasseo, rather sarles of performances. 'Ies lede do resistansce," -by way of something ght and cheerful, and calculated to ralse e spirits, was the.Ghost Scene from Ham t It was:not'intended to be funny .a·t a, but bhe audience derived a great deal ore amusenient from- It than from any ing else .on the programmnie. For the rtly doitor made such a very unghost Ie spect . A-ll the points of his li?tr per armour cutrled and craokled with ch movement of his substantial formy so St they were quite hpropoe of "the qulIls n the fretful porcupine." And no oueit of powder and pale-green tarlatant und about i?bl could subdue the very ro bt flesh tints that shone with such a tireselngly ihealthy hue through it all. ut the great feature of the ghost was its tIt. They crmeaked so cheerfully and ag gres3ivcly, and would not be silenced. After all exit people watched the wings for the ghost 'to come on again asasoon as they board the boots approaching from the back. "Not paid for yet, doctor?" querled a volce from the back, and this was such a likely supposition that it took .immonsely. In the comedy which followed, Dora had the questionable taste to appear. On re ceiving the news of his projected departure, she had written to George, a self-compla. cncit letter of congratulation--so glad he lad come round to her opiniton, would he not coall and make frlends? George put the letter intt *the fire with a bitter smile. His. love for her was stone dead by this time. Receiving no reply, and not being able to see George, who carefully avoided her, Dora resolved to impress him from the stage. "At the mere night of me, after one long look from my pleading eyes," she said to 'herself, complacently quoting from sons of her favourite literature, "the old love will return." But as she came towards the footliglts and bowed acknowledgment of the f'aint applause beutowed upon her, an ugly hiss promptly suppreases, hoever, and drmwn ed by the clapping of the scandslised front seats-sounded unmistakably through the hall. It came from the body-snatcher. He worshipped George, the only man who had shown him genuine kinaness and laboured to reform him, and, seeing more things tipsy than other people could sober, he knew exactly how George felt at going away, and why . So he hissed Dora, and hated her. And he 'emembered how, in a far-off time--so' long ago it seemed, It might have been in another world --Just su~h a woman hiad spoilt his life. CHAPTER V. GOODBYE. Alf. kept his word and went out to Sel bourne to say goodbye to Rose. He had acant to plead his own chase again, but it saw it was hopeless and did not distress her. For she spoke so much of George, of bow wretched he seemed, how lonely he would he, how much he felt leaving his fa ther and -mother alone, and she solemnly commissioned All. to be his firm friend and constant companion. "It -will mean so mueh to him to have a friendly face and voice near him, one who can talk to him of home," she pleaded, oand IAlf. vowed to do his utmost .for the man who was pre ferred before him. "WVon't you kiss me once, dear, lust to say goodbye?" he whispered. But she held out her hands before her to ward him off. "When you come back; perhaps-when you bring George safely home again-I may." Then her mood changed, and she kissed him lightly on the forehead and flew away. CHAPTER VI. DIS'PTRACTIONS. Dorn went to Sydney lust before Christ mas to see George off, and was careful to let her mission be well known. , By this means she became quite an object of in terest to her Sydney friends as a girl whoise lover was going to the war. But, though she tried very hard, she never once gained speech or interview with him, for George, -through all the dreary lisplay and paraide which preceded the departure, was always on guard to prevent it. He was consclous of her self-complacent presence ,itt the thea tre where the troops were entertained, and wherever "The Absent-Minded Beggar " was said or sung, he .would become aware of her, till the associations of that deserv edly popular poem became unbearable. He oven saw her on the quay in the crowd, as the ship moved off, and only then he brea thed freely. When they were fairly gone Dora look ed round her for some fresh stimulus wlfich would efface her disappointment. Excite n:ent was- the breath of life to her. she could not five without it. She was ttaying with a rich old aunt at Darling Point, the aunt who had sent her to the exclusive school, who had done a great deal for her in various ways, and who, as Teddy would have said, "took the change out," in more plain speaking than Dora cared abou't. "It's a great pity that fine young man has gone out to the war," said the aunt abruptly, the morning after the embarka tion. "He's very likely to be shot, and if he isn't, one of the nurses .ill probably take him eapt?ve, that's all a lot of them go for, it's my opinion." Dora smiled in her superior way. " Why douldn't you manage to keep him safely at home, child?" "I dfd not try aunt. In fact, I--I rather perpuaded him to go. He was very avrerse to the idea, but I showed him whore his duty lay." "Then you're a bigger fool than I ever took you for," snapped the old lady. "You deserve -to die a neglected old maid for such a piece of tomfooiery, and mark my words, you fll. But I forgot," she add ed, scornfully, "There are no old maids now-a-days, they are 'all bachelor women." W'hen her irritation had somewhat sub sided, Dora ventured to propound her idea of becoming an actress. When she fairly grasped the situation the old lady half rose .from her easy chair with angry contempt depictedl on her face. She seemed about to pour out a torrent of Irony, but with a strong effo't restrained- herself. She merely opened her mouth two or three times with a -kLnd of gasp, but said no thing. In a day or two she even relented so far as to engage a fashionable teatohoer of elocution, who undertook to give Dora lessons and set her fairly on the-path she had chosen. -Though this gentleman hinted politely that she had still a great deal to learn, Dora impatiently insisted on Intervstloing the theatrical managers at once, so he merely shrugged his shoulders -and gave The first professional gentleman she saw glanced at her with a bored expression, looked at his watch, and.asked her to re cite something without delay. She ac col-dingly began with the time- honoured "Curfew must not ring to-night." But he put up his bejeweolled hand in languid protest. "If you know anything else, in Heavoen's name lot -us have it; I am so very tired of Bessie.? Inora was plainly disconcerted, and though she started valiantly enough on a speech from Romeo and Juliet, she flound ored and stumnbled as she went on, till the theatrical gentleman stopped her abruptly, and bowed her out, saying she might hear from him. But she never heard. Her next intervlew was with a gentleman very thick in his speech, who hiccupped violently as he laid his hand familiarly on her shoulder and asked, :'What's your line, my dear? Do you dituce?" Dance! Dora bowed herself out from that interview in a great State of tin~gna tion. - One manager proposed to put her in the samrch at the Pantomime, and whas a fourth had looked her over approvingly and asked if she had ever done anything comic or taken a boy's part, moe was completely dLilllusioned. After a week's moping she 4nformed her aunt that she. had changed her mind about being an actiess, and -ad had her name put down on the applicant nurses' list at oneof the hospitals., The 91d lady merely snorted unpleasantly, and DDora findling her but poor company went home relucutantly to await the summons to her new duties, . "'" : C P . CHAPTER VII. . THE BODY-SNATCHER. i All 'the Merlmerl volunteers who went with George toi Sydney for •examtnation s?re passed and accepted, save one. -The body-snatcher's long ilfe of dissipatlon told against him, and he was roJqeted. How much -,of despair he felt will never be knbwn, but after the temporary rosiitng up and the disappointment following on it had passed, he settled down into his old apithy, and herause he had noshing else to do and no where else to go, he drifted back to Merimeri. Arrived there, he drowned his sorrows in the orthodox manner to such an extent that. even the " Central" grew tired of him, and disowning him as its bosts any longer, kicked him out into the road. l'hus it happened that Dora Manners rid ing into town on her bicycle one morning, two or three days before Christmas, nearly ran over his prostrate form by the road rids'. "DisgmLting hbea~st " she mentally cotm mented, and like the priest and the Levite, wheFdtl promlitLy over to the other side. And had she been told, even by that unseen antgel sorrowfIully guarding the "beast," that his soul was yet more god-like than her oewn, she would have been incredulous and sco?nful. By aend bye Rose came driving quickly along with the little grey pony in the sulky. Dick still lay there bare-headed in the broiling heat with that fearful inert purple look so suggestive of violent death. T'he pony shied and swerved, otheraise Rose might never have soticdd him in her r.nxiety to reach the post in time to send George his farewell letters and Christmas cards. But when she saw him, she dis Ioounted at once and bent over him pity ingly. Fixing her own white handkerchief in position with his old hat, sodden and battered like himsell, she screened his face hem the sun. Then she went on to the poet; the letters could not be negldtetl, but coming back she called at the railway goods-shed where one of Mr. Selw-'n's drays was waiting. With some dlfficult she persuaded the man to come back along the road with her, pick Dick up, and drive him to Selbourne. "Only what George would have done," she kept assuring herself, when she actu ally put forth all her strength to help to lift the inanimate mass on to the dray. Ar rived at Selbolrne, Rose had him promptly locked in the granary, still empty of its expected store of wheat. Where she had learnt so well the art of treating such a petient was a secret which perhaps belonged to .her early child ish life, but certain 'it is that she doctored and nursed, lectulred and coaxed him so successfully 'that by the New Year she had a gsnnit tremulous slave ?niho watched her adcringly with his hollow eyes, and was ready to follow her about as abedlently as the clumsy draught foal who sniffed at her apron pockets for the eruts. But it was fleorge's name she conjured with, or so she fancied, and it was in George's name she begged Mr. Sclw?-n to keep Dick on at Solbourne, which after some demur he did, Rose becoming guarantee for his good be haviour. And excepting for two or three slight lapises from grace which are not worth recording, he amply repaild her care and trust. It was Dick who cooked for all the harvesters hlsen no one else could be found. Dick who rose in the small hours of the morning to churn before the heat of the day. Dick who pattently tend ed the valuablo horse 'that took tick. In short, it was Dick who qiletly took up all the loose odds and ends of duty, which others not so faithful let slip, and whicb worried the earnest girl who had so un ostentatiously become uie mistreess of the place. For by swift degrees everything had come to be left to .her management, oeverything referred to her for decision. Mr. and Mrs. Selyn failed greatly; Rose wrote all the business letters in the long het afternoons, and even took up the read ing in the evenings. Ain Dick took another office upon him self. Rose noticed that when the evening readings began Teddy usually slipped out of the room, and one night after a while she quietly followed him. He was in the kitchen with Dick, deep in the mysteries of Todhunter's Euclid. "The boss stared this morning when I showed him that solution," Teddy was say ing with a grin. "And he wanted to know where I got it." "You needn't let on," growled the bhddy snatcher with a moroseness which, howevr, was only surface deep. "Oh, he thinks Rose helps me; she learnt a"bit of Euclid at school, you know," Was the condescendingf reply. It was a -long, ht, toilsome summer for Rose, and after ,Easter, when the cold wea ther set in, things became worse. Most people cn remember how bitterly cold Faster Monday was, when a fierce west wined howled till nightfall, and they were glad to cower over the first fire of the sea sen, even ,when 'the gale blew the smoke down the chimney fifty ways at once. That day Mrs. Selwyn, generally weaki and ailing now, caught cold, and whoa the polo carnival came round once more, the first week in August, though convalescent, she was still being nursed; and Rose, white and tired, was sitting by her bedside, insteadl of danclng at the ball. CHAPTE'R VIII; A FAITHFUL FRIEND. When George had fairly started and was roeeking upon the sea*'he had leisure to 're fleet on the things that Bhad passed like a dream in the dumb misery of bustle and pireparation. He remembered that though Rose had long been looking forward to takl !ng Teddy to Tasmania in Ithe Christmas vacEtion, he had taken it as a matter of course that the Iboy had gone off somewhere alone, arid Rose had remained with his fa ther and mother. She had talked equally as a matter of course of staying with them until George returned; she had beguiled him into explaleintg this thing, and teach ing her that, and showing her what vwas usual to be done with something else, until now it dawned on hitm with a great awak eniing how much he had left behind for her to superintend, and how her silent accept ance of the numerous duties had lessened the wretched worry of his mind. In her greait white sun bomet she had been with 'him to every corner of the farm, and had become learned in the mat ter of sheep and wool, of horsds and cattle. She had gathered up all details of the delry, anid understood about the bees, the grape v'ines, and the other summer fruits; she kisew exactly what preparations should be made when the wheat-stripping began. Whichever way his minil's eye turned, .there was the vision of the childEish earnest face, framed by the soft bronzed curls and the white sun 'bonnet directing, with simple wsdomn, .the work of the place. And Alf. was dreaming of'her, too. He was terribly afraid that ,the fortune of war might separate him fron the charge she had given him, so he appealed to George himself to help him. "DId you ever deel afraid?" he naked' him one day in a burst of csnfidence. George looked at him grlmly. "I geot the credit of it," he answered. "Oh, that!" 'And AIf. waved his hand contemptuously. "But I mean have you ever felt like I feel sometimes, a 'terror i?pont 'ou that when the time comes, you will bo afraid, thast when the first bullets begin to fly about you, you may turn and run? George, I charge you," he said, grasping his arm ,mpreossively, "keep me close. beside you, and f.oevor.yousee me la sucmh a'paonc,, hold me wlth my face to the frant, kick mo forarrd,-kill me if ydo like, but do Bpot let ile turn coward: .. : "'Nonsense!". said George, 'you' wll' be: as brave a anyone else.". ' . I do notktnoaw,': ald: Alf., 'doLubtfly;: t'we canno' tell hoiv we shall beiave; awe have never, ydt beedn' ,trled . So. piomise me."', And Geolrge.iprolsed.. As to.how ditey dLd behave .this Is not iat' irecord, for al the world knows how sran'ds ly thiy acquitted themselves. An'd allAsi t.aliane. know hem, . under,' other naoises than thj ear ., ,here, these trto 'coniii ies' fought side ,by, ide,. alwa'ys at hef ifront, foremost in yei'y" danger;.ina mciny a for lorn hope and. dashing chairge. Gmosgelihad roefused de ohance of a com inteslon,.because It ,would have sepirated them; so, togetheor still, they Is'lay outshel .teress in stolrms upon the streaming veldt,; together scouted for miles among treah, ersus kopJes, And when at last hils horse a shot under him, George lay out in the' o.pen, dangerously wounded, the same faith ful comrade rode back under a hall of lead; . that well night riddled thesh both, and s;ay oe him. It mlghlt have been only hours, or days, or weeks. George could not tell, when he firet recovered conselousneus. It was night, anid the dim candlelight nwas weird ly fluttering oat, casting grotesque shna idores over what semred to be a rude hospi- tal shed, but his view was very limited, ly.ing with his head low upon a narrow bed between otwo other woanded men. The day had been one of frighttfl disaster, and theL amblulance arrangements lasd been taxedl to the utmosa'and beyond. The man upon hIris right groaned feebly from Lime to time, then lie made some strange horrible noises in his throat, there was a convulsive shudder, a wild writhing In which he flung himsdf to the floor; then the light went out. The man lay quite still on the floor, and George seemed to know instinctively, that the lifo hIad gone out, too. But he felt only thankfsul that the man was gone from the bed, and moved feebly bwith a srnse of relief toward~s the vacant place. Then irhe form upon his left stirred, toot and spoke. 'Is that you, really, George?" "Alt., are you there, old man?" "Thank God, we are still together; but it Uwill not be for long." George 'felt about in the darkness, amd touched his comrade's face; it was cold cnd clammy. Then Aif. .put up his left hand, kold andt clammy, too, and clasped GCrorge's right. 'The doctors wnere round-I have never lost consclousness- they say you are all right, severe flesh wounds, but not danger ous. But I am done for." George held him fast, but be could not a:nswer. Then Alf. went on feebly. "I asked them how long; they said prob ably during the night. I am glad yod roused, it was very dreary lying awake alone." "They must be mistaken, old man." "But I am not; It can't be long. George, I ane glad I stood firm, even to get this."' "You got it, you know, dragging me in," oeaned George in a rush of agonised me mory, clasping his hand still more tightly. "No man ever had such a friend!" All. smiled dreamily in the darkness. "When you get home," he said, Softly, give my love to Rose; you know I always cared for her. Tell her I did wrhat she set me to do as well as I couldl." "So Rose sent you here, did she?" said George bitterly. "It seems I am nat the only victim of a woman's vanity and folly.'5 "No; oh, no!" protested All., with feeblS omphasis. "She never did. I asked her to rmarry me, bIut I could not blame her whef she refused, and I felt sure nll.the time that she cared for someone else. But she begged of me not to go, and only when she caw I was determined, and went to say goodbye, she gave me my commission. She half promised ms a kiss, too-I couldn't tell you all this, only it's so dark-if I brought you safely home again." "Me!" said George in a tumultuous rush of feeling. "I always thought it was that artist Ifellow who came up once to us for a holiday." "No fear!" said Alf. "But I didu't qu'to mean to tell you all 'that; however, she thiought you would be less lonely and sad it we could stick together. I might be able sometimes to cheer you up." Then the precious moments sped by, and George, still holding that faithful hand li the gloom of night and death, tried to ar range the torrent of 'his thoughts, but no thing came clear to his minnl but the u?dds over and over again, "Rose, dear little Rose!" 'I can never go back for that kiss," mour nured All, breaking the silence at last;: "but tell her," and his voice broke piti fully, "I do not grudge, It to--the man she cares for, I leave it to him as a legacy." There was the sound of a sob from George in the darkness, andl then they lay, silent, hard in hand until the dawn came swiftly in, anrd showdd George all his ghastly surroundings, and Alf.'s dend 'peaceful ,face beside himn. CHIAPTERIR IX. A SCARE 'IN THE NIGHT. Before the ,polo carnival was fairly over wnord was brougbt into tferime that the Breelon'g Blacks had visited a nelghbour ing station while the owner was ln town, holiday-keeping, anrd had stolen a finm'e pair of buggy horses. Half the towoiship, in cluding the police, turned out in rpursuit, and every lonely house in the district held anxious frightened hearts. Dickl c auroin ed Teddy not to scare his sister about theme but ?it was impossible to keep the ne~s from her, the papers were all full of it. Then one night soon after, while hose was up ren'ewlng the fire in Mrs. Selwyn's bed room, a shot rang out distinctly on the frosty air. It was followed quickly by an other, antil the sound appeared' to come from the direction of the stables. When her heart .began to beat again l; great heavy thuds, and the mist of feas cleared from her eyes, her first thought was for her patient, who, 'howrever, had not roused. Then she went round the house, and glanced 'in turn at Mr. Selsvn and Teddy, who were both sleeping peacefully. So she sat quietly on by the fireside till morning. She had a long bright carving knife beside her, and wonderdb drearily swhether 'it would be of any use to her in an emergency, or whether It might noti drop from her nervous hand wshilo she cowered; before deathl in such a ghastly guise, as other victims had done. Sheo had never' tried, and did not lhnow whether she would he brave. In the morning Dick wans going about his work as usual, btll there was a haggard. restless gleam In his eyes, and Rose with dismay concluded that ihe.wase meditating S: fresh spree. She was almost deapairing "p troubles sesnaml thickening fast abcot her; but tho tackled him at once. "Isok," she said, firmly, "I heard two sht . fireab last night down at tbh. stables." "Oh, did you?" he answered quickly 7 "did you? It was nothing, nothing at all.. I-I ?uas only after-an old native bear, it was-in the tree down there; but I missed[ him after all." Dick's explanaloan hbore the imprint of' extreme improbability, for not many per- sons are given ;to hunting the native be's, on AuguSt nights, with a temperature Oi ?22 degrees on the grass. Runose, however, acceted it in silente, nil after a pause remarked, "I -was very mselo afraid the noise would waken Mrs. Selwy;l] it nould be as weIl not to repeat it till shrI Is quito cell akain. And Dick," she add-1 ed, falteringly, "do not fail mne nowr, J0all when I want your help arid protectfle? niiost." She turned away abruptly; but hoid she seen the burning look which answered her, it wculd have been a revelYation., Two nights after, Rose was obliged to gO out to the detaoched kitchen for a jug o0 ' milk which she had forgotten to bring ial for hor patient. It was -about elevd'. o'clock, and everything was' peifectly still,' Ithoe was •nervous, almost terr'ifled, tbe" frightened to cover hei stratningiears Ol. eyes withr? a 'wrap; .e ?ahe gently slipped back the :bolt of the house door and flew acroses;dri the'cold to the firelighted Illt' chenst .As'she entered'it; a man sprarig ulR froni blifore the fire with .' 'gunas' his shoitldei;' :But ini another inmomelt he w · ,a knclltg'dit her feIet'; as'ssho lonat'white anti brrtihles 'dgaltistrthe table.? [ .:,: :;;: ., "'Oh,, fargier'me," he cried: "whsat;,a'to ' I ?as tofrighten you so!"'dfd 'not hIarhy0el ' "Dick!'? she' cild,' bowilderrdd'When 's?i ' could speak'. "ts it'you,;Dihk?- ,Whit'naxg ou-?toing here?" " '. i'' ,!t ", , ' S"Oh:nothoing;," he stammered ird:cani-' sIori! "'There is no 'danger;I ams'ruiretye' iced 'net?eo frlghte?nd'in the'least; 'but- iS lust thotught you ieight;be nervous-'''- ": Then' agreat light daWned b he?r en ' : : "Dick!".' she sald,s!-nbfth'.. " "How ;manu :iglits hv.e yvu ?ihatched 'like this?" -: " : "Oh, not maionY," he said growing mae: confused, "and it does me no harm. Ho l s sleep this afternoon, .anl ycf~trday, too." "How 'I misjudged you, Dink," she said, holding out both her hands to h.m: "You were done up with watching and fatigue, .nwl I spoke shortly 1to you; I thought you werc---f~aling me." lie did not n.swer, but held the handa ashe stretched olt to him a little while: anl looking down at 'her with a tender, faith ful smile, she saw hhnm in that moment as he once had been, us no ought always to have been, buht as- Heaven help hlm!--ho coauld never hbe again! "And that native bear?" Iuctinctively he turned to his rifle leaning galnsat the flreplace. "It is better to tell you now, I suppose. They were there, sneaking about the ltables. But they only wanted fresh horses," he interrupted, to reassure her. "I winged one of them, I am sure, for these was a trail of blood right into the scrub next morning." "But should ylou not have told-" "'No," he answered doggedly; "they sould only have come here a crowd of them, turnming the place upside down, wait lag to be fed, making work, and taking the horses; besiles scaring you all into fits. Ard they would have ,wanted me to go tounling with them." "Don't go!" exclaimed toso, drawing a ctep mearer to him. "I'm not garing," he answered, looldking steidfastly at 'her. 'ahtn a' sullen brod ing look came into his eyes. "If I'm not good enough to shoot Bo?rs, I'm not going to shoot blacks for them," he mllt tered. "Don't Dick," said Rose." "I know I want no one better to protect me, at any rate," laying her hand on his rough sleeve. "But you must have a rug, and mih8 your self some tea, and he sure to get a long sleep in the daytime to-morrow." She vsnt back to the house, in spite of his protests, and returned with a great rug aSld a cushion, "Good- night," she said. "I shall go to r!eep whoile you are making your tea, ncd sleep all night, I am sure." cHAPTER X. "TWO LETTERS FROM HOME. Life voas dull lt Bomabri for ~Misis Mon r.ers while swaiting a summons to the hos p;ital, so one dny,'having nothing bet~ter to do, she rode over on her bicycle to inqulre for Mairs. Sel?y-n. She did not get a roy gushing reception; 'the old man nodded curtly to her and left ~the dining-room as she came in, and Rose, who was tired and listless, did not ask her in to see the inva lid. None of them could forgive the girl wrho had driven George away. Rose lad specnt a good part of that norning wniting .to George, and the leter lay on the tablo addressed to him. 'He had not written home as of ten as perhaps he might, and his letters generally had been sihor't and conlstrained. He had had just enough self-cantrol to avoid filling them with his wretchedness, but none in reserve to mnake them very pleasant reading. ' He i'ad always written to h:s mother, and there had always been the same ltereo typed mess?ge, "Love to Rosoe.and Teddy " \--that was all. The mother had reilied to them herself ntil soe took ill, and eow, as Mr. Selwyn's eyesight was too bad, the task of writhlg fell upon Rose. .Miss Mann;ers, having the leisure, had nade anl ostentatious study of the war. She knew the map of South Africa by heart, and the exact positions of all the colonial t:eops, following their movements daily in Ste cablegrams. But Rose, busy, antl harassed frequently from morning till night, only vaguely un deostood tha't George 'as always at some lmysterious place known as "The IFron," and when she had fo9led to finrld his ncane In the casualty list, her interest in the " Hlerad" usually ceased. So the conoversation between the two girls regarding the Tranusoval languished for want of accurate knowledge on Ro.e's part, anld a determinatlon no:t to ldiscuss George. And Dora scornfully wondered how a girl could choose to vegetate here on a fard, when she was not absolutely oblig ed to. And she ,wondeaed a good deal, too, whether Rose \wrTote suck bulky letters re gularly to George, and whether te answer ed them. He had not answered any she luad set to him before he soiled. But now, when she went home, she wrote aga9n snd after coasideruble delay George, a sec ond time wotulded and lying ill with fever, in the hospital, received the two letters to gether. Though more lonely ano wretched than cter auter losing 'Aif., George had recover ed rapidly, and, as soon as possible, gone on active service again. He still threw himsnelf headlang into every d:angerous and difficult enzeririso--brave as a lion, they all called him--but still he took no pride or pleasure in his work. He seemed to become as omuch a mere fighting machine as the gun he carried. And the sights an. soainds he met haunted him with their aw fulness. In the trenches after CronJe's surrender he had come upon a boy Just like Toddy at home, lying dead, clasping the arm of an old man evidently his grand father. Beside them was a woman whose thin lips and cold, hard eyes reminded Gecrge somehow of Dora, and he had a strong conviction lhat it was she who had goaded them on to redistance a.d dedth. His heart filledl with compassion for the boy, now beyond the'need of 'it, and ?~rih iunigunation against those leaders who had brought sich cailoamLity upon thdeir country. Guorge somelohowr did not feel too brave, brought there to shoot down such boys. But he still went on, how many days or wieks he did not count, till at last he was struck dovwn again, 'and, though everyone wats sounding his praises in a land where brave deeds were common enough, he falt ra thrill of Joy, He wias a long time get ting well, for fever came on after his wIounds were hoaled, and he looked but a gaunt whlto shadow as he lay readjng the letters from home. Dora's lay uppermost to his wink, indifferent hand, so he readl It trst, feebly wondering at hecr persistence. It was a wonderful produotlon--she w~is so dull and lonely, still did not regret the sacriflce of partilng with hlm--he theatri cal mn.nng?rs had been so rusle and horro-, her aunt so unsympatho?tic, the h0epital eroe?l s, olo.w in sending for he--dight . lages were Rfiled wiith pity for herself, and George coustted forty-seven caplital "I's" In them. Then in a postscript she consillea ately added, "I went over to-day to see your mother, wiho has been dangerouuly ill, as I dOresay you have heard, rtth pleurisy and pneumonla. She Avas a little better, but. not well enough to see anyone. Your cousin Rose was not very entettainfag; she seems to road very 'lhote, and is not at all itnllt?iftual, I thilnk. I .nenot undels?nd how she can bear to stay there and vege tate as she does." After which George was disappdintedl and somewhat cnccerned 'not to see his mother's writing; but 'Rose's letterwas very comfort ing. It habd not so many capital. " I's " by about forty as the first pitIe0 She hastened Ito 0tell him that she was writing, as his mother hatla cbad cold, asnd must take carse.o-herself in such cold wdoather. The doctor, lowever, h d .assured them that she. would soon be quite .strong and well agadn.. Tlhen follo?wedt the news of the 'bone, a:neatly and plainly written on large leoter:poper with (wide hksgins all round. :,And the margins were all fllse-,in with the. cleverest little pen aMd lak sket-: chn imagiatbsle, .and very materially as, sisted the letMer:ln.stalting him all over. the dear old'5lacee,. 'Ie. could see. the flaldg being ploughed for,.lhelr:fresh vwheat.crops, the 'nowfence going up rounamd the bends in the greek, the .various, prepartions a'e. shearing, and the muster. He could, count the' cowe 'ploeldiig up the black soli lane to the. millding yard; :and piture Rose feed;ing, the now little chickens in the sunny yard bellind<,the kilch?es, . She had.a sketch, too; ofo DickeDevine :proudly holding blues ribboned.Roge~ r HI.,iwhohad just, won first prize In' the show. ,,.And.Georgo could tancy tile lanky ,body-snatoher down in',. tihe ctable graooiLg . Darlde and . Dolly,, and carrying foodi totle igs,.which always ap Iears to be the correct employment for luch a predlgal son. And the effect of all this clever, dheery, kindly letetr rwas to give hki a most.ter tibla, it of home-sicknesos, tho very best thing that could have happened to him.j It broke the lethargy of wrorohedness that hung over his mind like a malarial mist, and set him longing, hoping once more. The nurse had grown used to the sight of men lying for an hour or two with their faces buried in T"he pilows after letters Irom home, and she Judged it bc~t not to disturb George. But, when the doctor came round, she yave him a hint of the "We'll, yout're agetting on famously now.," said the cheery doctor. "Well soon be able to clear yes out of 'thi, ans ship you back ,to New South 1Wales, with compli muents nd thianks." The colour rushed to George's face; but he said, "We must get away to the front, though, if possible, for another turn first." "Nonsense, ankn! There is no front now, ra3cticslly speaking. The mar i~ just about over, and very soon you'll all be packed off, sick aid .well--unless," he sold sd with a twinkle in his eye, "you are so much In lore with the place 'that you want to stay and get a farm hero-" And George actuatly smiled back at him, while a pa-sing nurse stopped snort, arrest ed by the exceeding beauty of his face. Nelther she nor anyone else had seen him smile since 'he lost Alf. So he wrote home to say he was coming, hut -th leotter was delayed and travelled wIth himu And the cablesi spelt his name so wildly 'rong, and ascribed him to Noew Zeatl,-d, so that he came among them at last a a sudden, Joyous surprise. His telegram, Sashed from Adelaide, gave them only a few days for preparation, but every one did won?ders n the way of welcome. CHAPTER XI. CONCIRNS MJISS M?AN'NRS. Shortly after Dora's visit to Selbourns' she -was summoned to Sydney, as a va cuancy had occurred on the nursing staff of the hospitall. iHer aunt greeted her in her usual grim fashion. "Well, you've come to try another fre.h fad; how long will this fit last, do you think? Lt's most extraordinary the crase that h~h broken out among girls lately for waiting on sdick Chinlamen, and cleaning up aster pauper patients!" D)ara looked hurt, .but drd not answer. "HIowever, you're just in time," went on the old lady. "Therc may still be some plague patients that you can experiment on. Have you been Inoculated yet?" "Surely, Aunt, they would not set a pro tatloner to nurse plague patients." "Why not?" retorted the amiable old iciy. "I should think they would not risk the lives of valu-hle, experiencedl nur ses whom they have lad the trouble and ex pense of training." "I had rather hoped," faltered Dora, "that I might be transferied to the Coast Hospftal. The scenery is so lovely-" "Ah, yes! That would hbe fine experl ence," intrrupted her aunt cheerfully. "You could take your turn at the Lazaret occasion.lcly, I believe they have quite 4 inumber of lepers there now?." "I don't 'think that should come under the head of regular nursing, Aunt," said Dora, undeasily. '"lThey should have spe clal nurse for thooe horrible things." "And you don't want to be a special urse?" retorted the old lady, glaring over her spectacles i:n a m?st disconcerting man "No! Oh, no! Not yet, not tlll I get used to it," said Dora miserably. And miserable she was as she went off to her work next morning. iHer aunt heard nothing of her for t~wo or three weeks; then suddenly one day she walked in, a3nd that something was very far wrong, a.s easy 'to infer. But her aunt apisared obtuse. "Well, )Dora!" she exclaimed, very plea sanily for her. "I suppose this Is yaour day off duty; how long can you stay, w?hen must you go back?" " I am not going back," said Dora, sul lenly. "Dear me!" in great surprise. "What is the matter.now?" "Aunt, I have been shamefully treated," she burst out. "I believe they all con sltired to put the most outrageous diQslaust uing work upon me, a newcomer who (ought to have been sbho'n more consideration. For I told them -who I was, and Abet the Chief Justice-" "Oh! you quoted the Chief Justice at them, did you?" saild the old lady, sarns tically. "I hope they were duly impress "lt wams most unjust, anyhow." "Why, what have you had to do?" "I was actually put to scrub and clean, and yesterday wlen ? I complained that I was getting no nurting experlernce, they sent me into the children's ward, and some of them have most disgusting habits," said Dora -with shuddering emphasi-s. "And there w~as one loathsome little wretch Ithere all covered 'with sores, and I had to wash and! dress her. But she cried and swore, actually swore at me, and said I hurt her dre- sdfuHy. Then the sister in the Ward spoke most tnsolently to me, and said 1 had not dressed her properly, and told the dot tor that I had shirked my 'work, and so-" "And so you lthrew It all up and caule back here," said her aunt, concluding the incoherent torrent for her. There Was dead silence for the space of half a minute, and then the old lady said most slgnificantly, "I kneiv you would not Plike nursing; but I really did not think you would shaow the white feather quite so Boon." Her meaning was unmistakable, it was wonderful how she contrived to hear of esrythtng, that 'awful otold lady. Dora cotoured deepest crimson, and tears of mortification stood in 'her eyes. "What did you think nursing would be like?" went en her aunt, relentlessly. "Did you tilnklt they would ask you -to hold pins and bandages for some good-looking doctor, or pick out an interesting young man natient and set you down to fan lhtm? My child," she wvent on more kindly as Dora sobbed, "give up 'this foolish crav ing to liursue somen career for wvhic you have neither moral sthmina nor persover selw. Thbre is work crying out for you at home, ant Hay 'dl editde to you 1is to so and do it. Attend id tha dairy-theie a-as room for improvement tn it when I Eow it last,--and wait on your father and nmother, and bear with them, even if they ecem peevish and unreasonable. 'Do the duty that lies nearest'-that's a scrap of Carlyle, and it's 'as good as the Bible." "But Carlyle is very old-fashloned, Aunt, no one roads him now-a-days." The old lady looked at her curlously for a minolte, than -turned away with a hope leoss shako obf her head. She gave her up coutpletely after that. iut to Dora's credit it must be recorded that she returned to Bomabrl humbled in mind, subdued in tone, and, in her own spasmodin egotistical way, made some feeble attoempt to carry out her aunt's ad vice. • CIHAPTER XII. .HOME ! The whole town turned dut to -welcome George and the .two bther men' Who eame home with him. The home-staylng ?volun teers, now Rsmart soldlerly-men 'who no longer ground their own corn nor smote hieir comrades on the other cheek, formed aguard of honour, and t he ,town' band isaoed - lustily and uncei~aIngl-. The tdiunsman in their enthtisiahm-ltook the ;irses 'froni' the 'd?ig and drew it amlid ¶rantic cheers to the Central, from the bbl conay of which George was' expectedlto re tu'i-n 'thanks for such a c?rdial' welcome home.m . -"' ' ' "' " S'eorge knewv his speech by leasirt. He' had tomposed it while Lying ouit at night 'hiv fring .ulpn, the soddden 'rounidd'oi 'hldinn. among prickly biusids andl rodiugh ston? : Ie 'had conned it over when Patirolling alone beneath the solemn starsi;"andsraclt ed 't to 'himself upon 'the loipitl?l-bhad "In'thanking you, fellow tlnesmnen, for your welcome, I trust I have not loseral myseli too much lii yo?i' eye- by nortsrng home alive. D~ubtless, I should ha?ve ap peared a much greater hero had I never re turnedl at all, but been buried In a foreign land. Sowyver, I have done my modest best towards such a consummation, having been twice severely wounded, and also stricken by fever. Inaeed, I ,hould have succeeded In fulfilling your utmost expec tations, hut for the reckless conduct of one, who, at the expense of his own life, dragged nme In from exposure and certain death. Some of you were good enough to insinuate before I left thnt I was a coward. You even went so far as to hestow upon me a certain whito fed'ther. I have treasured that gift, uand wear it always next my leRart. I will not return It to you now, though you may generously decide that I have sumflcently -vindicartedmyeharcterfor I feel that I now deserve it. I only be came cowarfl when I yielded to your sneers, when I lost the moral courage to live dolwn your necusation, s'hen I turned tram my plain duty to a vislonary one at y'our tounts. I am now the tool of your fancy, and if you should in some enthusins tice moment conceive the idea of sending me to serve--say ?in Cilna, or on the next attlarctlc expeldition, or on a sclentlfic ex dloration to the moon Sr ahrs--you have only to command.me. In the meantime, I hIumbly crave leave to retire for a short time and attend to my own neglected prl vate affairs, until called upon again for the bustness of the State." For months this was what George had in his tind to suy, but he never uttered it. WIth his dear old father beside him, wip ltg eyes more dimmed than ever with happy tears, with all the old familiar land tarks about him, the familiar faces in the cheering crossd; with the old familiar hobne a 'few short miles away, the thought of his fraioll sweet mother waiting there for him, and beside her the girl who had won bar ltck from the grave for him, with it all, t:he.re came such a rush of tendorness that all the bitterness was swept from his mind for ever. So he only said "For your hearty welcome I thank roll most sincerely, on behalf of myself and ny two comrades. We are very thanlkful to bt back again among such friend3, but 1 would that there were four of us. One, who gave up his life for me,-" Then one of his comrades taking off his Itat as George turned away, said sol ennly, "Fliends, wdiile you welcome the living, rtemember, too, the brave anl honoured dead." Then the Ihushed crowd stood for the spaee of a minute bareheaded, after which thle Indefatigable band struck up the Na tional Anthem, and George, after innumer able "landsh;btkings and hearty greetings, was at ,last pernitted to climb into his own buggy beside his father and start for home. Ilomne! As the buggy came in sight Rose w:as feeling a silly Insane desire to run awa;y, to hide. to do anything .rather than mee;: tbhe returning hero. She had a kind of resentful feeling that perhaps he would thank her for 'being so good about things, glancing all the while up the road towards Ilomabri, and wondering how soon he could dscently leave them all and go to Dora. For, of course, as she told herself ever and over again, he would go and make it up with Doma, why should he not ? And she, Rose-a kind of sick despair cameo over her as sbe thought of the stretch of time which looked so long and dreary before her fresh young eyes. And again the wild fccl!sh desire came over her 'to run away aotd hide. But she became her own earnest natural self again after one glance at George's face. It bore the print of so much suffering and weakness, he looked so weary and so thank fill to be at home again and rest, -that dhei only thought of honw 'best to cheer and atrengthen him. And he did not even try to thank her, he only followed her with a look she could not meet, and he never once glanced out of the window up the road to Bomabri. All his eyes were on her and her alone. And afterwards out on the starlit veran dath, no words were needed as his arms closed about-her. And it wais only human n-ture perhaps that in that moment they should both forget one who slept peace Ifully in a lonely grave in the Transvaal, ete from whom that first long passionate kiss was a pricelesa legacy . hiss \ens a priceless legacy. 