Whatlby's Waogkihhs. Archbishop Whatley, of Dublin, hud a pretty wit of his own. Once a young A.D.C. of the Lord Lieutenant, who be longed to a smart cavalry regiment and anoiod himself and his uniform immensely inked him a riddlo, ' What is the differ ence between an archbishop an 1 a don key I' looking at the same time at thu gold cross the prelate wore. . Whatoley, gave it up, and tho impru dent puppy said, 'BecHu.se one has a cross on his breast and the other on his back.' 'And what is tho difference.. between an ass and ail aidu-de-jauip 1' said Wliato lep at once. ' I do not know,' was the reply of the huffy Hussar. ._. . 'Neither do I,' said the archbishops; -.:.. Then that cornered cornet flushed as red as his tunic. Another A.D.O. said in Whateley's pre sence, ' My father always used to say that if he had a fool in his family he would put him in thu church.' ' Thou all that I can say is that your father in your case did not act up to his principles,', remarked the piqued prelate. ' Hoy, diddle, diddle ! The cut and the fiddle Are getting old- fashioned I trow ; More novel 'twould bo for a great wal laby The organ to play with one toe. For the moon.to give chase to tho man on his face, And the comet to join in the fun ; For the evergre.Mi rabbit to weep at the habit ' Of squatters infesting. its- run. ''...?;. ?-/... Visitor : ' And how is the restoration fund going on, Mrs. Lychgate V The Rector's Wife : ' I'm sorry to say it's going on most unsatisfactorily. We've tried every conceivable means of getting the money honestly, and failed : and now the rector says we must try what a bazaar will do.' Great Cicsar's Ghost ! poor wasted frame. That onco full vigour did possess, Can't be a man in else but name, Bis cougli has brought him such distress. The undertaker smiles to think Next winter's cold he'll not endure. Oh ! never say die. but take, a drink Of VV. E. Woods' Great Peppermint ' Cure. Adviok to Mothers '. — Are yon broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the l-ain of cutting teeth ? Go at once to tho chemist, and got a bottle of Mils. Winslow's Soothing Sviiit. It will relieve tho poor ufferer immediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to tasto ; it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and tiie httlu eliorub wakes Tiis bright as a button.' It soothes the child, it softens the RuniR, allays all |-ain, relieves wind, regulates t'io bowels, and is the best known remedy for dwnl-ery nwi rfmnWiv. who-'-'- nri-W fr.-«. Seething or other causes. Mrs. Winslow's o tiling byiup ih sola uy Meuiuiiie ocuilis i vjrywhere, at Is ljd ]-er bottle. 