THE LEAGUE OF' THE CROSS. in DEMONSTRATION AT ST. MARY'S CARE DEAL. Between 5000 and 6000 children who are members of the Roman Catholic League of the Cross assembled in the grounds of St Mary's Presbytery yesterday afternoon, and formed themselves into ranks, two deep, the gi ria loading. I of the strains of the Hibernian Society's Band the procession moved area- ' 'ho cathedral grounds carrying many pretty silk and satin barriers. This girls, being in numerous instances children of Mary, wore scarlet or blue cloaks and overcoats with white dresses. Their heads were framed with snowy veils. The following schools were represented in the pie in ', namely, St Mary's, Annandale, Balmain East, Balmain West Camper it was, Chin ch-hill (St Patrick's), Church-hill (St Michael's), Darlinghurst Sacred Heart), Forest Lodge, St. Benedict s, (Golden Grove, St. Francis' (Hta}<o*iküt), Leichhardt, Macdonaldtown. Marrickville, Mount Value >', Newtown, North Sydney, Paddington, PI ins' t, Redfern. Surry Hills, Waverley, St Brigid's I Marrickville), and Willoughby. A considerable gathering of spectators watched the procession from the railways. Having completed the circuit of the cathedral, it re-entered the presbytery grounds, and passed in review before the Cardinal, who occupied a chair on the step, surrounded by: Tal other di, tries. These were Dean Slattery, David Healy, or. Carroll (Vicar-General), the Very Rev. Father Le Rennetel, the Very Rev. Father Vincent Grono, and the Rev. Father Whyte diocesan inspector of Boho ds) Fhe children afterwards passed into the cathedral. when they were all seated service was commenced The Cardia in, addressing his young audience, said he congratulated them on the success which had attended their beautiful demonstration. The procession has been admirable in its order, and was exactly suited to attain its sacred purpose, namely, that the child n should proclaim themselves true soldiers of the Cross and true crusaders of holy temperance. It was a grand a ,d noble, cause in which they were enrolled They had to wage war against that terrible vice intemperance Intemperancia laid the use at the very root of their holy religion, and was a deadly enemy which combated against it. in the Book of "ecclesiastic, it was said that temperance was the . word of wisdom An Apostle had a Id the world that there was no place III Heaven for the drunkard, He asked them to let the temperance banner under which they had enrolled keep alive in their hearts the Saviour's love and the truths of the holy faith, quicken the ardour of their piety, and prepare them for eternal recompense. He trusted, as Australia had now entered on a new course as a great southern federation, such proceeding would not only continue, but every year be multiplied they made known to the world the banner under which the children of the holy Church. served, and declare 1 the resolution of the children to be faithful to the cause of temperance At the conclusion of his remarks, the Cardinal called upon the children to kneel and repeat after him their temperance pledge, which they did in the terms of following " In the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost, I promise your Eminence and the Holy League of the Cross to abstain by God's grace from intoxicating drinks, until freed by the priest in confession " Some other offices were performed, including a solemn benediction, and after a closing hymn had been aunt; the children dispersed These demonstrations take place annually 011 the last Sunday in October, and are looked forward to with much pleasure by the children participating. 