-A Bondage Without Tetters, f/- . CHAPTELlXXir. J-^ ; , J* ?''? '??'? Not' that'!' be uiiowc-ral In r, ilokctiug the alar.ii i^ her v itr. 'Not Hint, Piim y rose; I '(is leuhii'K for Hiiliy. An I / s 'Came n*oiinil tho Mora lVmi' jupl wv, 1 saw one of ihe «il!n!io boats cruising ub,-ut : j, - among tho rocks just unr|« r tl:e il'ft here. ' it wond- rid what it wns duin/z eo lor out along (he bine h. Do you tlmik lliey bad heard ihip iutp nbmil iho yolicc ? Weie they goltiog the bi at out here lo !-.? ' arnJy ji ia case'l wauled lo get aero b to the island* \- to-night?' Prituroso thought for a moment. ' Perhaps. They would olcuoat certainly \- — know about the policp. They must have ' been in tho village ueirly aa hour before I , met you.' ' ' ' 'Then that was it t It was Bailey, on the look-out for a place to beach the boaf. I wish I could see if she is there now ! We would got down to the beach, i£ 8ha was, \- ' and pull across to the ielandr. I don't waub to be caught now, Primroee. I can face death, but I* don't dare to face — her 1 -t ^ ;To think of fcer finding me and huutiug me i~'% ~,down ! You're sure— quite sure her name was Wimpole ? ' ' She Baid so, Ted— Ellen Wimpolf .' r 'Ah.yeB — that's the name ( You could _' not be mistaken in both namoB. What — what is she like?' . . * - . ,: ' Tall with black hair ' . - ' v ' '* Kight— right all through ! : Primrose, I . hope they won't catch me! To see her — heavene, it would be awful! If I could only see the boat !, I believe I could if I got a slop or two bore to the left ' — moving ? , beyond the opening out of her Bight. ' Tako care !' Primrose cried affrightedly. 1 The ledge is eo narrow !' 'So is the path to heaven,' he Baid; _' but for all that there is foothold for me.' '? -, ?, ? The worde, ns they came to her, echoed weirdly in tho stillness of that lonely place. '.A sudden desire to have him again in the I % «? 4 shelter of tho little cleft took posBossion of 'her, aud she moved to the mouth of the ? ' ' -cave. 'Don't run any riek !' she cried, and ? - ' Btopped dead, listening to a clatier of falling stone and earth down the face of the cliff. ' Ted,' she called, springing forward — 'Ted!1 Her cousin was clinging to the crumbling . '~ledge, his face on a level with her feet. ,..' Even through the gathering shadows she could see the smile upon hie face as he looked ud at her.' '' ' ? Keep back,' lie whispered—' keep back ! Your road lo heaven is smoother. Keep—' \- ' *' - There was another clatter of fallings '- ' - ftonea, a swift upward rush of dust, through \- ' ' x which ebe slrovu to see Ted's face above the j* ? '? ledge ; but it had disappeared. In her ', ignorance of the cl:ff-paths and the tetrors 'of the gathering dusk she waited in agony, I ' - wondering bow far he had fallen, hoping to near a voice from below. t- She shortly heard a man'e voice, but not the voice she expected. It rose up from 1 ,. , close .under her feet in a sharp piercing .^ Vwbii-per. .1 -.« 'What's that?' the man said. 'What if .,was it fell? Mr. Tyler, are you there ? ' ' ' ? It's' Bailey— Tim Bailey. Ye needen't be -' ' afraid - to Bhow yerself. I've come to take ye down to the beach. The boat's there all ready, waitin' ye.' ..''*' Primrose stretched out a hand to him aa he ''- ' x- ' came up the narrow path. 'Take me down,' she said. 'He. has fallen. T am afraid, Tim — I'm Bore afraid !' 9 .,.-. ,.-4. Ileavjenly, Mother !' murmured Tiiii, and * turned and led the girl down the pathway by wbicb he had cotnr. s 'It was Bcarcely more J.han a dead body that Tim and his partner carried across the . ... . '.beach to the boat — scarcely more than a ''- '' 'corpse that thry lifted out. again at the ? - lonely ielaud, and bore tenderly into the shelter of a lofty cavern, where the echoes ''' ' of the fretting waters made mournful music \- ' '--? the whole yenr througl:. \- .. .,,- Primrose was with there. They never questioned her good faith. Perhaps, with = . ' the instinct peculiar to many confiding natures, they judged her by her voice, and -^ 'decided ~ she was to be trusted— anyhow -''.rthey trusted her. * 1 : AH through the night they sat by hi|n, \- listening to his faint breathing, moistening V ~ his lipa with whisky and water, and waiting they hardly knew for what. Medical aid, ' ?? Prioirose knew, was out of the question, \-- ' unless she was reconciled to handing him over to the police. \- With tho dawn Ted regained consciouness ; it was only for a few momenta, but it was ,.'. 4 perfect while it lasted. ' V1 - . - it ia all over, dear !' he muttered, as he 1 , ' ' raet her anguished gaze, ' It won't be lone. Don't let them come tome; let me \ die here iu peace I' ' Tim cried as if bis heart would break. I - Primrose did not shed a tear — the time for that was past , All day long they watched him. With the -' \ dawn Tim's partner had gone back in the ' boat, with orders to return as Boon as it was 1 ' dark enough to bo safe with some food for -Primrose. All day long Primrose had eaten .nothing but a few biscuits left by accident. « ' in the pocket of her coat ; but she was insen sible to her own physical needs. How '.^1 ' should she bo otherwise m tho face of his — '- so much more terrible ? s. So the day dragged on, and it was only ' by Ted's fluttering breathing that they knew lie lived. When next he opened his eyee, , t , tbe warmth of the light upon the sand at the mouth of the cave showed that the hour of Buneet was come once more. ' His '' ', seDBes, as when he recovered consciousness : * * ' before, were alert at once. ? ,'Husb!' he Baid. 'They are coming 1'— '--? '' ?' and, as he spoke, through the unceasing ;?rise and fall of the waves on the strand out side, they heard the soft muffled beat of oar?. 1 - fW hat next happened waa all a hideous dream to Primrose. First came voices out side — voices raised in passionate altercation —many voices. To Primrose it seemed as II '' if'theie were dozenB of people struggling ~. And shouting out there in the ruddy light of '' ' ' - the dying day, and she could only clasp her hands aud pray. Then a woman dashed in at the cave's ?v mouth, shouting as she came. It was Ellen \- 'Wimpole. . ' la he hero,' she cried, ' tho murderer of Edward Tremayne ? Ib the murderer of my husband here? ' Sho rushed over to the dying man, drop Sing upon her knees to peer through the ask at his marbles hite face. , '? . - 'Nolly,' Ted murmured, 'Nelly— poor ~ Nell ! Primrose will be good to you.1 1 .With a scream aho leaped again to , her feet, and stood looking down at tho dying man with agony on her livid face such as no wprdo could .describe.' Thon Tim stole softly forward from Iho background and reverently clored Tcd'e sightless oyee. * * # * # * They buritil Edward Tremayne there, ina lonely little churchyard on tho Bido of a hill ovtvhanpiug tbo wild wido waate of waters. To Primrose'B tender heart thore seemed a touch of cruelty in leaving him there among strangers ; but Ellen Wimpola would have it 60,, and nobody thought of opposing her wishes. ' Here he will lie in an honoured grave', she eaid. ' Would that bo tho cuscin Corn wall ? Let him rest thoro among the people who liuow only good of him ; oo shall he lie the easier.' Ami, wbon tboy had laid him in his long last reel', sho severed herself at once from everybody, and went her desolate way alone. ' 1 fully recoguise your goodness,' Bhe said to Maatermau, when he urged her to make the return journey to London with them, ' and I won't reward it by inflicting my company on you. I've got a wound, Lord Basil, that will take yearB to heal. I thought to punish poor Tod's murderer, and, instead I have hunted my husband into his grave. Do you think a memory like that iB calculated to make mo a pleasant cheerful companion ? I'll go back to my own people and fight tbe ghosts of the past as Debt I may. Hib property ?? I would not touch a farthing of it, even if I legally could ; but I can't. Ted and I were sworn to each other on the Bible in the presence of wit nesses : but, according to the English mar* riage-law, I don't suppose I'm his wife. No — I'll have none of the money that took him from me. But for that he would have stayed where he was and married me, I'll have none of it.' . Basil did all he could to persuade her, as did Primrose, aB did Lady Mary — who had come over to nurse Primrose, quite pro Btrate after the excitement and anxiety she had gone through,, and look after things generally ; but Bhe would listen to none of them, and went her sorrowful way alone, back to the isolated homestead in the far away Australian busb, where she had lived all her life among her o^vn people. On the day she went they talked of her among themselves, sitting in one of those cele brated bay-windowed rooms which were the wonder and pride of Ballymoyne. In after times they very seldom alluded to her ; but i usfc then, while her memory waa so fresh in thoir minds, they could hardly avoid Bpoak iug of her. 1 You see I knew something of her before she came to England at all,' said MaBterman. ' During the week Tremayne and I spent among the Naples fishermen he told me a lot about his life in Australia, aud I gathered from what ho said then that there were obligations in existence which would prevent his marrying thiB English girl.' Primorse, watching the blue billows from the window, turned to look at him. ? You never told me,' Bhe B&id.; , ?Ib that a -reproach?' he asked quietly. 'Perhaps, if I had believed that it would influence you in my favour, I might have told you — I dou't know, but I might. I was so Bick for love of you that I might have committed even that meanness, if I had thought it would win you. But I knew belter, PrimroBe ; you would have despised me if I had tried to blacken poor Ted in your estimation — I knew that.' Primrose Bhook her head. (To be concluded.) 