FAREWELL TO MR. WYBERT REEVE. A large audience assembled in the Uni versity Library on Thursday exerting, when i meeting of the University Shaki-peare bo ItlArt* -M*tt.= lumi/l rPk*m TfcnttWln 4kf 4 rll* UnmAll' Right Hon. Sir S. J. Way, Bart., occu pied the chair, and umong those present were His Kxccllmcy the (iovernor; l^ady Tennyson, J^ady Way, and Dr. Pcnnefathcr. The Chief Justice taid bin first duty was a pW«ant one. He had, on behalf of the members of the Society, to extend a hearty welcome to His Excellency the (Jovenior. Thin wac the iir»t occasion on which Lord Tennynon had attended a meeting of the Society, and the members desired him t-i express their thanks for the honour he had done them. They were glad to welcome Lord Tennyson an Her Majesty'* reprfwn tative, but. they alw welcomed him among them as the son of the gre.H [Hiet --! the nineteenth ccnrur\\*. (fhici-.) He would ?il«- like lo *»y that they were glad tu kvc Dr. Pennvfather with them once more. For many year* he h*d been a Professor in 'he I'nivcnity, and they had not forgotten the great services which he had rendered 10 the SluiL-|-earv Society. Bui he ai-o ha-.l to ix ;re-s some regrets that evening, lit the first plac? that was the la?t occasion mi which the Society would be able to hold their meeting in the Library, owing to the erection of a number of bookcases, lie \\\m pleased to be able to announce, however, that equally good ucconKnodatiun would be found fi-r them in ihe Elder (.'un«*rv.i- ioriuni. They were aU *orrythai it was ne-i-s.-ary for them to s«y farewell to Mr. Wybtrt Reeve, who was leaving for Kng laud shortly. _ Mr. Reeve hat1, long held office a* a Vice-Prwident of- the Society, and he wa*, he lwlieved, iu onli- honorary member. Up wa« glad that it only fell to his lot on that occasion lu t-pcak of .Mr. Reeve in one of hi-' niuny cjpjtitic.-. It n-a not neccswin- for him to dwell upon his qualities at ' u distinguUlied actor. u» a durnatic un-iter, at iluoaper of thp Theatre Royal, nor a» a jMtriotic citizen and philan thropist. They -le»ireil to bid good-by to Mr. Reeve in Bis cujiac- ity a* a memlicr of the University Shaksnearc Society. The .Society had been exceedingly fortunate in having had for so many years' the advan tage of the sen-ices and atfvicc of Mr. Reeve, who wjs a man of the highest cul ture, and had made a lifelong study of Shakspeare'tt works. Mr. Reeve had served the Society in many ways, and the- members had enjoyed many privileges at hi* hands, including the use of the Theatre Roya) on one occasion. But the greatest pervirc which Mr. Reeve hid rendered to the Society was in bis capacity as a lecturer and critic of tbc works of Shakspcarc. (Cheers.) It had been hut constant aim to make them familiar with the thoughts and works of the great dramatic hard, ani \v lead them to a greater appreciation of thv drama. It gave him great pleasure In pri sent Mr. Reeve with the farewell addre«» which had been prepared as .1 tok?n of the esteem in which he was held by the niMii hcrf. ami their appreciation of his jervir-o, to the Society, lie Hncerely hoped that Mr. Reeve would experience .1 hnppy re union with his old friends in Kngl ind. .ml that he would eventually return to -pen-! the evening of his days in n more plc.i.-ant clim-ite than that of tlir old country- He \--ould assure him that if he did so he wouM rind friend* at least an much atuuhed tn him as tho*e in any cnl'cr |nrt of the world. (Cliecr».) His Honor then prr sented Mr. Reeve wiih the addrcs?, whiib was as follows:— The Adelaide Lnivi-rsitv Muk-ptjrc nnii-iv, Adelaide. South Aoflnlia. Sopu- mbpr U. ID.'). To Wybert Recvp. Ewj., Vici'-IV-.-iilcn;. IVur Sir— The member* of tliis Snirty- having Icarnrd vrHh recrct of your intention to leave South An tralia wMi herein to exprrtf thrir apprrcijtion of your valued «nd eeneruu-t sonins a- a Vi,--- IVoidrnt el the Society *iniT its fuuudation. TIh-v bee 'I you to accept ihis uUJnjx us J Kken of their rttcem and pratitiidc. anil tniu that you and Mr*. Iteeve mar li-n; enjoy ili-- renewjl of nld a.«ocialion« in Kn^itinil. Tiny ilwi hogjc that your life mnnlirrsliip of tin Society will serve lo n-min'l you of ihr oiij siom when w-r luvr lud tin- |-lra«-in' --( mwinp toer.tlior u- enjuy your stholarly Utiurrs and presi (k-nual rcmarki. Mr. Reeve, who wa* at-cunleil a hearty recention. .-aid he lelt flattered and honnur ed li\\- tbe kind, reinnrks \\\\\\\w\\\ hail ialk'it from the Chief Justice. There wa* only on» drawback, so fur a- lie w,it lomcrnrd. r.nd that wa; that. Iiavins knotr-i Wyl-rrt Reeve for a great many years, he had failed to find in him the good qualities which haii been enumerated. .Mthoutrh he was afraid it wa# somewhat late in life to make «uru m resolution, he could only *ay that the k'ndncfs whirh he had received should lie an incentive to greater efforts on hii- ran t» retain the favour and respect of his friends. Reference had keen wadr to hi- |-roi'r-- sional career. He had loved bis iirofetssion ever sbce the tow when he was known only m a rather clever amateur. When he became a profesBional he learned what & was to be an extinguished amateur. (Laugn tcr.f He had aspired to nothing lower than Hamlet or Othello, bud he found that he had been cast in 'llamlel' for the Ghost nnd the First Actor, and in 'Macbeth' for Bamjuo or the Firnt M urdcrcr. ( laughter. ) He accomplixhed thii't murder most sunceM ?fnlly off the slacc, l-ui on tin- Blagc he sometimes found he «-:i* mur»leriri5 Shak» lirarc, which 'as much more xcriou.'. ,\s Mangcer or the Tlicutrr Koyal, it had al ways been Imh dim to nmiu»iin a high stan dard. UhreriO Hut lie had exiH-rienced the truth of the saying that 'th.--sr- who live u- please nnist, \Ai-dm to live.' It. was uticrl-. iin|H-s»il-lc tor the Maiwcer of a theatre, such a» they )uu\ in Adelaide, in whirh high-class pici-iv could um run for more than almiit n we. I;, to inainluin a high Mandard ahva--. Only tliree or fout months of the year cnild lie ripvofrd to hi^li--la--s drama, mid : lie rt-inaiudrr of tbc limr had t« bo fillrd in \vitii interior pro duction*. Xqw tli.il lie was leaving Ade laide lie wirlu'd M -:iy tliat uulou the l*res.- and the ppoplr would rpt- opnise lliih fact and cuiinort :i in.ui.i^or in tho-e inferior produrliohs. llir limn in- must W clowi) during .1 |»irlion of the year, or lie would defy any man tn make it |-a,v. He desired to express to llip inpinlirr.s «f the Society and to the Socrrt.in* liis thanks for their kindness in presenting him with the hddrfsy. It would rniuind him ot the many friends he wtu- liMvinc l-cliiud him. Tl-e most earnest wir-li of hi- lira it w.is that the memherv of the Sorioty i-lioiild «on tiuuc to hold communion with iheir grea test poet, who kid t.iuglit. thpin, among many other lessons, to lind '-.mon* in stones. l»ooks in ni-minp hrnnks. and p«-d i:i ex-crythinc' (liieers.! The followiae |iroi-ramme, which had been arr.inped liv Miss Lilian D.ivw and Mt'ssn-. J. If. Lyons and Perry Whiting ion. was then sucoosf-fiillv turned out: — Song, 'There i» a land.' Mr. Om-ar Taeu Iht: duct. 'The moon has ruised'her lamp aliovc,' Messrs. Wanboroneh Fisher and Oscar Taeuber' sonc, 'Aliidp with roc.' Mis.s .1e*sip GalUr.iitli. Hani»hniont wene, 'As You like It,' Act 1, Stnip 3— Rni-a- 1-nd, Miss Haslam: Telia, MUs CJara White; Duke Ferdinand. Mr. K. 11, Lork. Song. 'Avp Maria.' Mr. Wanboroueb Fisher: eanzouctta, 'Mia PircirpJIa.'1 Mi«s Lilian l)avi«. Tbc Bond Srene. 'Merchant of Venice,' Act 1, Soene 3— Shyloek. Mr. J. H. Lyons; Itassanio. Mr. E.H. Lock; Antonio. Mr. II. O.ill William*. Violon cello win. 'Nocturne.' Mr. Laurie Bamec: duet, 'The flipht of the swallow,' Mitac* Lilian Davis And .Tessip G.tlbraith: sons, 'Through sunny Spain,' Miss Davis: read ine from 'Much Ado About Xothinc.' Mr. Kccve. Mrs. Have* Norman and Miss L. Davis acted as accompanies. 