OYCLIM. WHEELMARKS. I IBy Handlebar.) I have good authority for presuming that Martin will be a competitor at the League's October fix ture. Walne has arrived in Sydney to undergo the winding- up process in view of approaching meet ings, and Beauchamp lias returned to ifelbourne from Tasmania with the same object in view. Lykke and Shand should be here also, though it would be hardly' fair to expect the South Aus tralians to do much. As Shaaid' was In Queensland a few months ago, the statement that he h^d ac» companied Lykke around the world was mcoi- I reel. , It sounds lijft1 a faiiy tale, but the following is true:-Mr. J. Dillon, of King' William-street, wus cycling from Aldgatte to Strathalbyn on Sun day last. It was Alie first. time lie had been in the district, and thoroughly enjoyed the pictu resque ride tmd beautiful roads, but when descend ing the hill leading into Strathalbyn the scene for a moment changed. f'For a second or tw<^'J re narked Mr. Dillon, "I did not know what had : happened. There was nobody about, and no wind to speak of, yet I had scarcely recovered from a vicious tap 6n the head before my hat disap f ared. I am not giyen to hallucinations, but had seen a ghost I could not have tumbled from the machine more quickly. Then the mystery wag solved. A magpie tiad my hat, and was struggling to get away with it. He dropped it when I aimed a stone at him, but charged me again and again when I had recovered the hat and attempted tp mount the machine. I -roust have been delayed , twenty minutes before the bird could he driven off." It was an experience Mr. Dillon does not wish repeated. Magpies frequently attack people who interfere wiHi their nests, but this is the first time I have heard of the bird taking such a fancy to a cyclist's headgear. An old-time cyclist in Mr. A. Gault called a few days ago. Gault was one of the first officials, in ryclcdom, and .had a failing for long-distanco racing fifteen years .ago. He still retains a deep interest in the sport, though he willfbe known to few of the present-day cyclists. After struggling as a "blocker" near Aldgate lie has transferred his labours to Kfldina, and looks well on it. E. Hale, the English cyclist, who rode 100 miles a day, Sundays excepted, for twelve months, does not appear to have suffered from the task. Dr. Turner examined him two days before he com pleted tli^ effort, and reports that lie was astound ed at Hale's condition. "lie looked healthy and veil," said the doctor, "but was tliln, though not too fine drawn. There was no indication what ever that he was muscle-bound. He has the build of a distance man, with long heel bones. His legs and arms arc rather long for his height, his thigh- bone in particular being 6'eatly developed. Ilis nejvotis system was in perfect order, and liis pulse was quiet and steady. Ills arteries were soft, Bilky, and clastic, and the heart sounds per fect. T-lie heart itself was enlarged, the apex being displaced about an inch and a half down wards and an inch to the left. There were 110 signs of circulatory disturbance. The condition of the heart is what must be expected in anybody who has led an active athletic existence, the heart muscles in such a person becoming enlarged. IIale rode a chainles* throughout the performance. Teatree Oully attracted a fair muster of Ariol last Saturday, the wheelmen proceeding via North Adelaide and returning by way of Paradise. The roads were in fair order, and the outing was tho roughly appreciated. Tills afternoon is the cap tain's run. G. Wyburd, who will be remembered as having competed with Fred Wood, linglisli champion, and Clarke, Scotch champion, on the Adelaide Oval in 1SB7, died in Sydney last week. This is glorious louring weather, and ej-c-lists should not. les sit pass without geting an insight into the beautiful country within easy reach of the . city. It is marvellous the number oue meets who have linen content to potter about the plains, and have allowed seasons to Slip by without exploring the beauty spots of the Mount Lofty Ranges. A trip worth trying is to train to Aldgute on Satur day afternoon, and cycle to Meadows for a late dinner and bed. It is such a pretty district that time passes quickly. On Sunday ride to Clarendon for luncheon, and thence home in the afternoon. You will thus have a round trip of fairly easy riding, good roads, and superb scenery. An American writes to "Cycling""Motor tandems for cycling here are fitted with 2} h.p. motors, and are capable of doing mile after mile in 1 inin. -2"i sec. The sale of motor cycles, trikes. and quads over here, however, docs not come up to expectation by a long way. The reason is not far to seek, fiood roads, such as English people understand them, are scarce here, and, again, the light steam and electric carriages, of which there are great numbers, not much more expensive than a quadiicycle, have little to recommend them." 