OUR CATHOLIC INSTITUTIONS. XIII.—St. Dominic's Priory, North Adelaide. A CLOISTERED PARADISE. On taking a bird's-eye-view of the City of Adelaide, one of the most notice able points which catches the eye is the tall spire of the little Church of Per petual Adoration, North Adelaide. Clear and distinct it stands out against the back-ground of blue sky, typical as it would seem of the silent work which >s carried on within its walls. Set in the midst of a fair scene, and yet close ro the bustle of city life, it points upwards to Heaven's blue, teaching its silent les son, as bricEs and mortar may, and re minding us of the devoted religious who day by day carry on the work of repara tion and adoration. Most truly has the great poet of all time said, "A divinity doth shape our ends rough hew them as we will," and in the history of this beautiiul, spiritual work which has been established tor now so many years in our midst is the truth of the poet's words exemplified in the remarkable and unmistakable leading of the Divine Spirit in its foundation. Whether with such a thought in then minds did those concerned choose the name for this gem-like home of prayer and praise, certain it is that no more ap propriate title could have been decided upon than that of the Church of the Holy Ghost. In these days of irreligion and almost complete ignoring of a Divine Providence in human affairs, when the pride of life and the false spirit of material progress is rampant, it will be well did we stay our rushing steps to consider that without the leading of the Holy Ghost all our words and works, our boasted advancement will be in vain; but so much sounding brass and tinkling cymbal. The Holy Father Himself? knowing well the baneful spirit of the times has, in his Fatherly solicitude, seen fit to urge the faithful to a more wide spread and fervent practice of this solid liturgical devotion—devotion to the Holy Ghost. Moreover, it is the Holy Spirit that is grieved when sin is committed. What, then, could be more appropriate than .to dedicate to the Third Person cf the Most Holy Trinity this sacred edi fice where these daughters of St. Dominic may perpetually offer prayer and praise for light and leading in the multiplicity of active works of religion which are carried on in our midst, and in repara tion for the sins of men. Not, however, for some years after their establishment in Adelaide did the work of the Nuns take its present form. Two ladies well known to the Catholics of Adelaide, Mrs. and Miss Baker, of Morialta, had visited TStone, England, the Mother House of the community, and had formed a great attachment to the good Sisters. They had been specially interested in the Home ior Incurables there; and they wished that they could have a band of these Daughters of St. Dominic to take care of the sick in our own City of Adelaide. On their return to Australia they discussed the matter with the Bishop of Adelaide, Dr. Rey nolds, who cordially entered into their views, and enquired particularly into iiie rule and constitutions of the congrega tion. The ladies soon opened communica tions with the Prioress Provincial, and much correspondence ensued. Bishop Ullathorne from the first took a warm • interest in a filiation of the community to the place where, forty-four years be fore, he had said the first Mass ever celebrated in the colony. A most generous proposal was made, namely, that the ladies would defray all the ex penses of the passage out to Adelaide cf six Nuns, and guarantee them an in come of <£300 a year for their support for three years, at the end of which time it was hoped that the new Foundation might have, taken root in the colony, and be able to support itself. This generous offer being faithfully fulfilled. After due deliberation and consultation, six Sisters volunteered, and were accepted for the work, and on July 12th, 1883, they sailed for South Australia, and on August 25 the "Orient" cast anchor at Largs Bay. They were met by Bishop Reynolds and several of the priests, and Mrs. and Miss Baker, all of whom had a kind welcome for them. They proceeded without de lay to their new home in Ward- street, the late Very Rev. Dean Kennedy being there to receive them. Was it an omen of the work that was preparing for them that upon the occasion they found, to their great joy, that the Blessed Sacra ment had been exposed in the chapel, and they were welcomed on their first arrival in a strange land by Our Lord Himself, to give them His Benediction. As preparations for the work for which they had come to Adelaide were entered ■ into, a serious difficulty arose. The idea in inviting the NunB to Adelaide had been that they might take up the work of general sick nursing—that "is, of both men 'and -women, in the hospital, whereas the authorities at home and the Sisters themselves had thought the work would be confined to the nursing of women only, and their rule prevented them undertak ing that of men. After much considera tion a compromise was arrived at, and the Sisters undertook the superintendence and management of the institution whil engaging others to do the actual nursing. This arrangement gave them time to think what course to pursue un der such unforeseen difficulties. Dr. Reynolds was much disappointed, yet he was very Willing to have the little band as they were, and entered into all their plans for a more suitable and settled field for their labors. These difficulties, combined with the desire for a more conventual life than it was possible to secure in hospital work, decided the Nuns to engage the services of a matron for the hospital, while they themselves, through the kindness of the late Dean Kennedy, made arrangements for renting a house in Strangways-ter race to be used as a convent. The at traction for the work of Perpetual Adora tion early made itself discernible in Mother Rose Columba, the first Prioress of the North Adelaide community, and the founder in Adelaide of this beautiful devotion. It is most interesting to trace, in the life of this holy Nun which was written shortly after her death, ■ the gradual development of the idea of Per petual Adoration, and the marvellous way in which external circumstances shaped themselves towards that end. In a letter to a friend, Mother Rose Columba writes: "Shall I ever see a model Church here? It looks impossible; but what is impossible to our poor human weak ness is very possible to God, ''and I do not give up hope. We are going to offer the No vena of the Immaculate Concep tion for this intention—that God win give us and do with us whatever is most St. Dominic's Priopy, North Adelaide. for His own honor and glory. I had almost hoped that He would let us spend more time in adoration; it seems bo needed." Plans and projects were discussed as to theN work most suited to the little community. An advanced school was opened, and a number of pupils gathered round them for the higher branches of education which they were so well fitted to impart. Plain and artistic needle work waB also added to their other occu pations as a means of support. Put through it all the one thought was con tinually in the mind of Mother Hose Columba, to see a community for God alone—a community for Adoration and. Separation, and with that characteristic which distinguishes those souls for which Our Blessed Lord in the Sacrament of "His Love has a special attraction, she longed for greater solitude and retire ment for herself and her little com munity. For two or three years did the wearing struggle and uncertainties con tinue. Meantime, one member of the community was taken from them ny death, Sister Ermenilda, who had held the position of sub-Prioress, and this sad event seemed strangely to bind their hearts more closely to their new home. At last the final decision was made. By their decision to remain in Adelaide their connection with the English province was severed, and the community were thus for the future to be wholly dependent on their own resources. For a time they felt as if there never was a more forlorn community,' but the prospect began to brighten, and the work to which the Holy Spirit was surely, if slowly, leading them began to take shape. Mother Rose Columba fotfnd a steadfast friend and sympathiser in all her plans and 'denies in the late Archbishop Reynolds, the le votion which so attracted Mother Rose finding a response in that deep strain of spirituality in the character of the venerable prelate. It had for many years been his most earnest wish, but difficul ties had stood in the way, of establishing the devotion in any of the convents al ready established. Now that there was hope of the realization of his wish, he did all in his power to aid the little community in their inspired work. After some time they moved to a cot tage in Molesworth-street, where one after another, as opportunity offered, they secured four cottages adjoining each other. When the long-talked of Church came to be built, one of these cottages had to be taken down to make room for it. Friends at home had promised to help, and Mr. McDonald, then manager of the Bank of New South Wales, and living in Adelaide, promised to present them with an altar. The community took heart again. The foundation-stone was laid by His Grace the Archbishop, Most Rev. Dr. Reynolds, in the presence of a large assemblage of both Catholics and non-Catholics. In the midst of such joyful prospects the community were called upon to endure its greatest trial. Mother Rose Columba, who had during these years of trouble and uncertainties, been the ruling suirit, was seized once more with an old complaint, and, after some weeks' illness, her Divine Lord, for Whom she had so untiringly and so lovingly labored, called her to Himself. Ever since her arrival in Adelaide it had been the one desire of her heart to see established Perpetual Adoration, and now at last, after seven years, a beginning had been made, though the founder was destined never to see the completion of the church in which the devotion was to be carried on. The work had been solidly established, and before long the beautiful structure with which we are now familiar was completed. The church is built of Teatree Gufiy stone, rock-faced, with side chapels, sacristy, cloister. The architec ture, in the Gothic style, has been ad hered to throughout in such a manner as to strike the most casual observer with ad miration at its beauty and perfect pro portion. The best view of the interior is to be obtained from the tribune of the church. The stalls are of black wood, polished and carved; those of the prioress and sub-prioress engraved with the mono gram D.C. (Dominic Catherine). The roof is lofty and of polished wood. There are two most beautiful statues of Our Blessed Lady and St. Joseph. They are rather less than life size. The windows are fitted with stained glass. That of the sanc tuary is very large and of exquisite design. It represents the "Adoration of the Lamb." In the headlight is the Dove, symbol of the Holy Ghost, to whom the Church is dedicated. Around it are four cherubim. Two angels at the sides are absorbed in adoration. In the centre light is Our Lord holding the Book of Life. Surrounding Him are angels and saints singing the praises of the Lamb, especially to be re marked are the seven spirits. Among the saints depicted are St. Dominic, St. Catherine, and St. Clare. The altar, the gift of Mr. Aloysius. Mac Donald, is truly a masterpiece. It is about seventeen feet fiigh of pure white Caen stone. The canopy is massive, and at its base are six small angels. The whole altar is exquisitely carved and adorned with columns and pinnacles. On the gos pel side of the reredos the miracle of "the changing of the water into wine" is repre sented. On the epistle side is the "multi plication of the loaves and the fishes." The subject of the frontal is "the Last Supper.*' In all these three Our Lord appears with great dignity and majesty. The tabernacle door is repousse work in brass. The dark marble steps, the handsome tiles, the columns and Gothic arches altogether form a lovely picture. The two side chapels are dedicated respectively to Our Lady and St. Dominic. The large win dow in the Lady chapel has for subject "The Annunciation," and is attractive and pleasing. There are also two small win dows, with figures of St. Catherine and St. Rose of St. Seina. The "Giving of the Rosary" is represented in the opposite chapel. The colors are very brilliant. There is a fine statue of St. Dominic, the work of the artistic firm of Meyer, of Munich. The windows in the side chapels were executed by an Adelaide firm. Shortly after the completion of the church the Very Rev. Archpriest Nevin presented the community with a bell, whose beautiful tones ring out clear and soft on the air. The bell was named "Dominic," and by a singular coincidnce, no sooner had the tones of the new bell died away as it rang the Angelus for the first time on the Feast of St. Dominic than a most violent Btorm arose and raged for twelve hours. It seemed as if "the Prince of the Power of the Air" resented the call to prayer. Their numbers gradually increased, and the little community, which in 1882 numbered six, is now thirty-three. Their numbers are chiefly recruited from the neighboring colonies, although their first postulant was an Adelaide lady, Miss Adamson ."sister of Rev. Father Adamson, West-terrace. Sister1: Mary Catherine Adamson died after a short illness on Feb ruary 15, 1895. Besides the work of Perpetual Adora tion, the Nuns have a select and a primary school, the latter, St. Catherine School, having only lately been established. The buildings in which the work of education is carried on are bright and roomy, and though only originally dwelling-houses, have been comfortably adapted to school purposes. The newly opened primary school promises to be a great success, ana in their select school, besides Catholics they have a number of non-Catholics. On the occasion of our visit the whole place inside and out was a-bloom with flowers, for the flower gardens are well cultivated at St. Dominic's Priory, and at the little school oratories the floral decorations were most profuse in honor of "Mary Queen of May." The devotions for the month of May were being held as we en tered, and the voices of the children, as they sang their hymn sounded devotional and sweet. The Nuns have little sym pathy with the "education craze;" that is, the ambitious striving to cram as many raw facts into the minds of their pupils as possible, with little regard to their real usefulness, while disregarding the "weightier things." This perfect adjust ment of the spiritual and temporal needs of the young souls committed to their charge seems to be the special spirit of the Dominican Order, and we have had occa sion to notice the same excellent spirit in the Dominican schools already reviewed. Well for the City of Adelaide, nay, well for South Australia, that one such Order is established in our midst—one for God alone; one to stand guard in love and de votion round the throne of Our Lord and King, to offer perpetual praise and thanks giving for His infinite love and goodness, and for the blessings which we His chil dren have received, and humbly hope in the future to receive. There are those who are of opinion that in a country like our own all hands should devote them selves to the active work of religion. With regard to such we would only repeat what has been already said in the begin ning of this article, that without a full and plentuous light and leading, our woiks will be barren and sterile. While the great Christian army goes forth to fight the enemies of the King, shall no devoted little bodyguard be found to' remain near the Beloved Presence, and offer as wortbv homage as may be? Ah! let us be not over-wise. Let us look to our uwn social and public life, and we shall learn even there a lesson. An illustration occurs to us, though, for its homeliness we crave pardon. The mother of a family, who is the be loved centre round which all the members circle, is to be guarded and cherished at all costs. One goes forth to this duty, another to that, and all for the dear object of their affections and the general good of the little circle, but whatever duties or whatever arrangements, the first care is that that dear Mother will not be left lonely and uncared for all day long; she must be guarded; she must be cared for; her days and hours must be brightened with love and affection, come what may. Shall we have far to seek such an instance? Shall we, then, do less for our dearest Lord? Far be from us such a grudging spirit. Rather let us bless and thank Our Divine Lord and Master that in His loving Providence He has blessed us above so many in giving us an Order devoted to His Perpetual Adoration and Love, and while it may be our lot to be "troubled about many things" in the noisy bustling world, we may from time to time turn our thoughts to that sacred spot where the poor homage of our hearts is offered by those whose appointed task it is to praise Him night and day. A visit to what we most truly have called this "Paradise on Earth" cannot fail to calm and strengthen each "pilgrim and stranger" on his way to that lasting city above. May readers of these lines breathe a prayer that the good work may succeed and prosper, and that, amidst such fearful forgetfulness and indifference, there may be one bright spot where the Lord shall be praised without ceasing. 