LADIES' MISCELLANY. airs. Bernard Beere, was in the recent Blougli railway collision. . . The actress was with her husband, Mr. A. C. S. Olivier, a passenger by the Windsor train. At Slough, while the tickets were being collected, Mr. Olivier stepped out on the plattorm. It was iust at t'hat moment that the express col lided with the race train, but Mrs. Bernard Beere escaped without injury through the promptness of a friend, a Mr. Clarke, who thrust her to the floor of . the carriage. If she had remained seated, in all probability her linvbs would have been caught between the edges of the seats with serious results. Among those who recently ventured on the Thames in a Canadian canoe was a well- known American writer, whose navigation of an unfamiliar craft was watched by a party of friends. With them was a pretty actress from the Gaiety, with a snapshot camera. Suddenly the man pf letters cap sized his craft, and disappeared in the Thames.'- In a moment lie emerged. "Stay right there! Don't move!" cried the excited actress. "I must take your likeness." Lady William Nevill has gone to Madrid to be with her sister the DucheBs of San- tona, who is dangerously ill with pneumonia. It will be remembered that the Duelicsse di Santona and Lady William Nevill are two daughters of the late Marquise dc Santurce, hotter known as Mme. Murrieta, -one of the most successful and exclusive of London hostesses. 'She entertained lavishly in her beautiful home in Carlton House-tcrraee, for merly the residence of the late Lord Gran ville. There was a pathetic incident at West minster Abbey as the body of Mrs. Glad stone was being carried to the grave. A working man in his beet clothes stood amid the reverent throng.. In his arms he carried a lad of about G yeans. The boy was bidden liTok upon the coffin. "There, -boy," said the man, as the tears coursed down his cheek, "goes flic good wife of 'the great man whose name you bear. Never forget this moment." The man was an enthusiastic Hertfordshire Liberal, and his boy's Christian names were "William Bwart." Beautiful girls gifted with pleasant man ned. who are compelled to work for their living might do worse 'than emulate their sisters on the other side of 'the Atlantic, who have just devised a new profession for tiie unemployed. This is the post of profes sional en'tertainor and patcher up of quar rels at 'the hotels at Hie various summer re sorts. 'By the use of suc-h charm and tact as have 'been bestowed by nature, the girl not only gets a holiday without expense, but earns a pleasant salary for always looking nice, for keeping things from getting dull and by helping the woman guests along.' It might be thought that surprises are im possible in connection with the vagaries of the American divorce laws. But a St. Louis jeweller and spiritualist has brought, an ac tion for divorce, seriouBly citing a3 co- respon dent blic ghost of the once well-known actor, William J. Florence. The shade of the actor is alleged to have alienated the lady's affec tions iremi their lawful object. The result will be awaited with eagerneis, for a ghostly co-respondent presents obvious advantages. He will not dlioot the plaintiff; he is cer tain not to defend; and these striking quali fications for the position will be held to over balance the consideration that 110 damages can be recovered. Even if they were ad judged by the court, what sheriff shall levy beyond the Styx? Upon what goods and chattels shall he lay his gross material hand? Now that the late Empress and the Crown Princess Stephanie no longer adorn the Aus trian Court, the question has been raised in aristocratic circles as to which lady can now boast the rarest jewels. The Countess Lonyay,upon her marriage, presen'tcd many of her costliest ornaments to her daughter, the Archduchess Elizabeth, to whom the deceased Empress also bequeathed some rare jewels. But the young Princess cannot, at any rate at present, claim the largest collec tion. Among artists, the opera singer, Fmu- lein Renard, possesses the _ finest pearl ri viere; while at court the wife of the Arch duke Otto, the Archduchess Maria Josepha, nee Princess of Saxony, has now indisput ably not only the most extensive, but the most valuable collection of jewels in Aus tria, in which the blue sapphire predomin ates. Among the ornaments of the Arch duchess, a star of rare sapphires forms the centre Of a brilliant coronet, out of which n crown of magnificent rubies rises. Three ropes of pearls of extraordinary size and beauty, with a clasp of diamonds and pearls, arc considered the most perfect treasure. Another necklace worn by the Princess at court baills has also exerted much admira tion. The stones are of extraordinary size, and in the centre of a string of brilliants ap pear three superb black pearls of almost inestimable value. Forty thousand golden sovereigns is the amount of gold which has recently been put out of circulation by being cast into a statue of "The American Girl," which is to lie the gold exhibit of the State of Col orado at the Paris Exhibition. Inci dentally, this statue will he a tribute to the popularity of its model, Miss Maude Adams, at the moment the most conspicuous young actress on the American stage. The statue is life size, and stands 5 feet 5 inches in height, containing about 712 lb. of pure gold. The cost of making the statue and east ing it is about £12,000, and it is the work of a woman, Miss Bessy Potter. The nearest approach in value and beauty to this golden statue was one of Miss Ada Relian 111 silver, which was exhibited at the U orld's Fair at Chicago by the State of Montana, to show the product of its silver mines, and contained about £0000 worth of metal. 