[?] Chinese Complications. C-.; Vintage Incidents. £fb0si 0ub own CqniiESroNDENT. Paws, October 20. ' The Boer Wax." The deoision of Lord Roberts to delay his return to England for d fow months is commended. Ho is required to lend a'hand to Sir A. Milnor at Pretoria in planning the oivil administration of the two new. colonies. His decisive authority will prevent 'much friction, and 'will facilitate, as is expected, -the taking up of bis succession by Lord Kitohonor. As for tho flickering up of small bodies of Boers, that was to be expected, and ns they. ai?o easily gulled, thoy. will, remain under arms until more rudely shaken. They nro ' morely common destroyers ; outlaws that deservo no Suartor. In a short timo they will bo isposed of. .-They dolay.tbe pacifica tion 'of- the country, and "tho idea of making special constablos of men who were but armed rebels a few weoks ago is, not to -bo. thought of.. The two colonies , divided- into districts and ad ministered by resoluto commissioners, who will havo Badon-l'owoll's police at their disposal, with tho regular army to fall back upon, will soon extinguish guorilla fighting. It is a good plan also to remind the natives that the pri- . soners of war cannot come back until tho predatory Bands,. in which; figure tho scum of nations, are captured or' destroyed; ; . ..Netherlands Company, The commission for inquiring into " the " concessions " granted to the Netherlands Company, and the con duct of the company itself, reveals an infamous condition of things. The ex posure of chartered journals and salaried journalists by tho company, in question to belittlo everything English is only tho developed policy of the Batavian schoolmaster, Dr. Leyds. "We have them now convictod by documentary proof. Oom Pace. Curiosity is on tip-toe to learn whether Paul, beforo going on his "leavo of absence," possibly, to southern France, will he ablo to " slim " away his loot of- gold. It would be regrettable if he escaped with it. It is expected that when out of tho country thoroughly the disappearance of "Oom " will bo the means of securing peace to tho now colonios. As spring' has arrived in the veldt it will also develop fresh hopes. The. returned French volunteers are disgusted at thoir adventuro. Chinese Matters. Only tho Chinese could create the confusion and tho perplexity which roign. No. signs of a practical solution are apparent. Defeat will not bring tho Colcstials to' their senses any, moro than it will bring back tbo Emperor to Pckin, and it is admitted thnt it is love's labour lost to attempt transacting any. serious business till his Majesty can be -seen on his throne. Then he may be free to hand over Tuan . and colleaguo" princes to recoivo their deserts. But as the princes are prepared to do anything in reason, save to havo their'lieads cut off, they will remain out in tho cold for a ' long timo. Tho Dowager-Empress be comes daily of. less interest in the eyes of the allies. Tho lattor can gain pitched battles, but ' how will that hasten a solution? Time is of import ance to the allies — and of none to their enemy, who can summon countless spirits from 'the vasty deep. The Im perial; family prefer getting deeper into the' interior of the' .Empire; will tho native '"army be able to entico tho allies to follow them ? Of course not, and that being a fact, explains why the dismemborment of the realm is becom ing a necessity.' Russia has hor first take in Manchuria and awaits tho grab- action of her colleagues. Tho allies will not wait to scamper ovor China, to seek troops to disband. The idea is well received,, that blocking tho food sup plies to China must be resorted to, . and . the use of closed ports bo made as free as tho open onos. The Chineso are not regarded per se as the difficulty, but the allies. . Lot a general, and pri vate at tbo samo timo, diplomatic . palaver, and try to find out what the partition of China implies in point of defence, becauseto that tho winding up of tho invasion must come. Let cvory power administer its own share, and he helped into the bargain. Prohibit the importation of, and givo no permission to manufacture, " arms. That will open tho eyes of John Chinaman. Dreyfus Case. President Loubot is resolved to op pose all attempts to reopen tbo Droyfus agitation, though tho' unfortunate cap tain only asks, for .the courts to say ho was unjustly condemned. That of course, would lead to tho hearing of all the evidence over again. But tho War Office .would not' be allowed, in the interests of public peace, to take partin the proceedings. That would bo "Ham let" without Hamlet.' As au illustration of how the Jew is hated in the army, judge from thq fol io wiug: Captain Coblentz.is an Israelite. He -was' ordered to 'join- an- .artillery regiment at Fontainobleau. Following thq custom in the army,on arriving ho sent his card to his follow officors,- hot one of whom roturned tho .politeness. If that ostracism or boycott extends the JewB havo oily to , shako off tho dust of their feet against ' France— the country that first gavo them all the rights of man, under Napoleon. The sorvieos of thq army, -navy, and administration will become olpsed books for" them. " If the Jewish' financiers were' to retaliate and pitch, , as Rdthsohild threatened, thoir tents,-, .say,'. in'.Ropie, - the , .standing ' of- France in thb'monetary world would ho seriously affected. - .Parliamentary Programme. 'Nbthiugiof-any iraportanco is .antici pated at; the'; "meeting of Parliament, President Loubot has become so popular that ho pppqsition against his Cabinet is contemplated/ If Ministers' would only dare tb liavo tho courage of their cou- . victions ;' take up tho budget and, say, oho.or-two practical- questions, 'as old ago pensions, and insist on tho Houso handling" thooq,' .' thoy would ho sup- ported by tho nation. " Tho country want8'.' calm, roposo, ; to . wo'rk and to . savb. ; As for the madcaps who dream of knboking ovqr the ropublic and re placing it by'" ono of their ideal, the usylums only could find thorn baokeni. It is a good timo to try a commetf- BQnsQ programmo, 'that will only touoh on French interests and leave the foroiga world to take oaro of itself. -mr The Dyino' Exhibition. .-. - " Thoro la a ' neorologisol strain now running through all allusions to tho exhi- bitiou. -It is on its death bod, and so anobjcot of pious treatment. Crowds flook by-hundrods of thousands daily to" tiiko a last fond look and say farewell. Tho Indian summer is with us, and tho bunny and frosty hours diminish regret. Exhibitors oro interested now in paok- ing goods, dosing accounts," and pro- paring to leave.' The temporary hands aro deep in solicitations for employment in tho oity. \ As a safo general rule, unless tho applicant bo Fronoh . he has not tho ghost of a chanco. A- few of the 'exhibitors intond to try their luck by opening shops or offices on their own account. Tho Germans are. going in largdy for this idoa, and ns thoy are not cosily discouraged, and oasier con tented in' the way of gains, they may bo viowod as having come to stay. Thoro is no seeking, as iu former breaking ups of international Bbows, for bargains by ?' urchasing " tho stocks' of ' exhibitors. ! ndced so" dull is trade that no stook is required; customers nro sought for.- ;Tho municipal treasury has had good oxtra receipts from tho augmented taxes on food and commodities entering tho city. It oxpects to close with a total not increase of 125,000,000 francs. Tho city has also been ombcllished with a beautiful bridgo over the Seine, , " Alexandre III.," and thanew palaces. That will be tho solid part of the glory. M. Mileerand. The leader of tho socialists in Franco is M. Millorand, the Minister of Com merce and Industry. Ho is an able man and very popular, and his views would not frighten a fossilised royalist. Ho would regard a strike only as bind ing, as obligatory, when all the members ' of a trades union have been voiced on the subject by fair ballot, and ho 'would do tho same in tho case of a labour ' dis pute to make arbitration obligatory. Ho eannot he too highly praised for the, role ho played at thq exhibition, which was controlled by his department.. Municipal Bail. ' The Municipality of Paris do not jntend to he Bat upon, .by the .. Govern ment that wiped out their opposition lunoh and ball, prepared far the 22,000 Mayors, invited to Paris by Prosidont Loubet. The municipality intend " to givc-a monster ball aiid supper, to mark the closing , of the exhibition. That means' an outlay, of ,75,000 francs; .the. oity taxation . can support "that.1 Tho Hotel de Villo will issuc 'no less -than 12,000 invitations, senduigtlie first .50, specially printed, to M-'Lpuijcl, to dis tribute as ho pleases.'" By .this plan the. municipality will bo saved inviting tho1 Ministers, whom tboyidelbst.' Opinion; is not opposed to this " stop r of tho municipal parliament, and tho'. town councillors owe much iu the way of a feto to their constituents. The Vintage. < It is a very busy momont just nowin France; the vintage is taking place, and this season tho yield of - the vine yards is phenomenally rich. There is positively more wine than barrels to contain it. "Whoever will givo soven empty barrels will receive as paymont ono barrel filled with new wine ; some of tho latter can bo purchased in bulk for three sous — three halfpence— a quart. The making of the. wine, is' always superintended by' the owner, of an estate ; the: operations -usually last some three weeks ffi-no -unex pected difficulties occur;l",vMore'! grqpss demand moro hands to cut' theifi, and, manual ' labour is becoming searco .in tho rural districts. Thon -there, ig soi much to he done in arranging the wines that are being kept in" the great collars to acquire age, and to replace them by new additions. It is tho moment too when the wino merchants visit notable vineyards, and 'purchase the harvest en Moo ; that is to say, it is the period when tho proprietor enters into the receipt of his revonue. By looking after the vintage himself hois able to dispense with-. intermediaries; ho has simply a "handy man" selected from among his workpeople, who looks aftor the vines and tho cellars all the year. The Divine Sarah. Sarah Bernhardt and Coquelin intend making a star tour, confincH strictly to the United States. It will also be their farewell to tho cosmopolitan "stago. Tho grand Sarah is now too old to 6tand the fatigue of a more lengthened voyago, although Bhb has received the most tempting offers. On her return to Franco she will devote all hor attention to her own theatre, and will introduco into its management tho best of every thing modern that is in use in tho English and American theatres. That explains why a young engineer figures in hor troupe. Madame Bernhardt has frequently stated she could not re linquish her professional life— it forms her health, happiness, aricl fortuno. An actress- lives long in - France, and .many lag superfluously on .tho stage! The Zeppelin Balloon. Count Zeppelin has been invited to come to Paris, to exhibit and navigate his balloon, as his recent experiment attests it can sail against the wind. If ho can succoed in sailing from St. Cloud to the Eiffel Tower and back, ho ought hot. to hesitate, to contest tho outstanding prizo of 100,000 francs. M. Demont, a South American Zeppelin,' lias no objection to Btart Mb sbip in a competitive spin. The Frepch appear to bo a little mad on tbo subject' of balloons, and of . motorcars also. Fop carting purposes, and tho oarriago of war material, " the Frenoh Government officially- ao'oept rtoehaniopl m place of i animal trdotioh;- the' boBt proof is that tho puvobaso of horses for commissariat " purposes is alroady loss, nud many of the horses in " commis sion arq, being withdrawn.' Bioy eling suffers from tho change, but that form' of locomotion is ranked by many as old fashioned. -What will he the ' state of things whon.pooplo eon have ' their own navigable balloon also ? , v- 