NOTES BY THfi /WAY. ] THE HUMOURS OF BUSH CANVAS ' ; 8ING. ' ^ (Bl *' .JrSTITIA.') {Continued). ?- Tbat the bush canvasser meets with all sorts and conditions of men — and women too— goes without saving, and their peculi arities,' remark^, and occasional little blunders, would be amusing if taken note of. Except mentally, I have never done so unfortunately, and consequently hundreds of.good things are relegated to tho reposi tory of lost opportunities. For instance the mar who the other day informed me that he had ' a maniac for'Bhootiog,' might be regarded as a somewhat cccontric char acter, were it not certain that in imparting the. dangerous confidence', ,he meant .nothing worse than, that ' gunnipg' was a hobby with him.' Similarlv — the poor afflicted mother, who in all sincerity, and. a natural craving for sympathy, told me, almost in tears the while, that her little boy had died from ' cute information', of the iungs, was (happily ? for her peace of mind) utterly oblivious, of the fact, plaoing .the brain* of the departed innooent, in :its suffering little bosom, for the nonco — (May ' the lot' now he in Abraham's) One miserable pouring wet day I called at the residence of a lady whose place is not quite a hundred miles from the city of Tiaro, and by way of Saving something incontrovertible 'right off' I vouchsafed i the original remark that ' it was a wet I day.' ' Yes indeed,' Bhe replied (looking at the scudding olnuds in a depressed and absent manner) 'Its. fearful weather', and it looks ''like kiepin' 'on too — till it stops.' ~ About 'a ~* hundred yards' further jfved i 'Rnoihofc V; jdjcirij&i;,. 'and when I had reached her place, I opened the conversation by a repetition of. my former remark. 'Yes,' she answered, (in a tone of voioe which. implied that there was some mystery hanging in the, firmament that altogether boat her powers of elucidation.) ' Yes indeed, I don't know what to make of it at all. - Its about as unchangeable weather aB ever / see.' Paddy's unconscious' wit — tho more amus ing because unconscious— very evidently j flourishes as well under the rays of a torrid I sun as when fanned by the bleak breezes of j his native mountains and bogB ; and that it ' will out even in sickness and up to the very point of death itself'would almost lead I one to believe that he actually found it more natural and easier to be humorous than otherwise, even when in the most desperate straits. Well ' Jfick' ? , when I called upon him at his little place noar Howard, was not in '? desperate straitsf' by a long way, but he appeared to be, and said that he was ' not well.' He sat upon his verandah chair with his head sunk forward on his ohest. He raised it fllowly and heavily to say ' Good-day' and then let it drop forward again. When asked .what was the matters he said that he thought somehow that he had had ' a stbroke av the Bun,' and list lessly inquired ' phfat was gud for it.' Having— perhaps in ni'V ignorance— pre- scribed cold applications to the base of the skull, I was duly thanked; I gently insinu ated business as a preparatory measure, but it was ' no go.' Well, Mick, said I. I'm sorry to Bee you knocked over, but hope you'll be all right to-morrow, and ? ' Bv the way, Miek (you'll excuse me), but what is your surname ? He wearily raised that throbbing ' auburn' head, regarded me dolefullv wi b ono eye, while just the more ghost of a twinkle for an instant illumined the corner of its fellow, and then came his answer. ' Me name is it ye want? Faix me name is Connell. Jist plain Connell (God help me) — an' if I bad the money I'd put tho ' O' to it' — and immediately his head dropped forward to its former position. (May the moDey in Mack's case soon be forthcoming, minus tbe ' bwe'-dous prefix). Upon one of those eventful days of can vassing, to which I have before referred, I found myself about 9 a.m. on a rather windy morning, on horseback opposite the respec table-looking house of. ji. sugar 'Cockie,' from the front door of whifh I was separated by a small but neatly-kept^atrip of garden, of perhaps ? half-a-ohain depth, in which numbers of cultivated flowers, and rather too formal-looking rockeries cvinced femi nine, if not altogether icsthetic tastes in tbe designer, (I hate ' improvements' upon Nature. But that is ' neither here nor there.') Tbe opeh doorway was at the moment occupied by the doubled-up figure of a female — presumably the proprietress — who with apron and skirt tucked closely betwixt her knees, in that tight, tidy, and comfortable manner (which some women affect when a general ' cleaning-up' iB on the tapis, and they mean determined busi ness) worked slowly backwards — 'crab- fashion' — towards the steps and me, in a prayerful attitude. From our relative posi tions it was impossible for me to see more of her, tlian what was afforded by tbe soles of a pair of tremendously ' liberal' and loose s ippers, having a round hole- worn exactly in the centre of each, which latter looked straight forward like a bold pair of «yes from a leathern visage, endeavouring to stare me outfit countenance, as I ' craned' over ' ?tbe garden .gate. Surmounting the slippers waBan unsteady-looking 'bustle' of enor mous -proportions. . A small portion ot tightly -plaited 'chignon,' bobbing serenely ' up '''and ' down, an oooasiohal flash of a herculean red arm — bare from the elbbw— a flying 'crabbing . brush, and ? a quiescent bucket of water, completed 'a tout ensemble, whioh should commend, itself to ; every cleanly housewife, . who deigns to peruse these veracious , lines. It. waBatonce evident to me, by the out ward add visible signs enumerated, that I had that morning ' dropped' upon an in dustrious woman-and a cheerful ; for as her brush flew over the boards in ' swishing' circles, it-kept. rythmic time to a somewhat sentimental cH'tv, the burthen nf which gave anyone within tbe compass of a rather powerful pair of lungs distinctly lo under stand that tho ' voice'' of some (presum ably young) gentleman was |in the babit of haunting her ' in her dreams,' but under no circumstanoes whatsoever would be show his face (personally, I came to the conclu sion that be must be either ashamed of him self, or else in the handB of the Jews),' arid this unaccountable basbfulness upon his part, the lady lamented in doleful accents, the while she sedulously scrubbed the floor — perhaps in the faint hope that if she made it bright enough she might peradventure see his 11 face' reflected there. Be that as it may, certain it is that she made plenty of noise, which was considerably augmented by. some squabbling children somewhere in the back premises, and the lady frequently broke on her song to rebuke their exuber ance, in language calculated to make her shame-faced Adonis avert bis furtive coun tenance 'still more had he been anywhere within earshot, instead of ' in her dreams.' With a delicacy of feeling, which my subsequent experience proved to be worse than false, under the ei'rcumstanoes, instead of getting off and surprising her in this undignified attitude, I rattled loudly with my riding switch between the rungs of the gato, in ordor to draw her attention. A burst of melody, borne upon the wings of tho boisterous wind, in which the yells of children were mingled with the words in sweet cadence ' and th-ou-gh I lis-ten to th-y vo-i-oe, and ? Johnny if ye doh'tstop thorn games I'll come an' spank ye till yer nose bleeds, I' will — ye whelp,' reached my ears in bewildering succession. ' Good mornine. madam ' T nhnntad ? ' T lin-lnn to th-y vo-i-oe (continued the songstress), th-y fa ce (swish-swash) I nev-er — wash yerself this minute ye lazy little baggage, or I'll come an' give ye what for — see.' She continued for a bar or two while I summed up the situation. Good morning, madam (with inoreased energy). ' He'-il co-me to me at la-st'V — Bwisb-swosh (followed by some rapid and tuneful little circlings nf her brush, as she surmounted a difficult ' quaver' in the ditty.) Haloo, my good woman, don't you see me?. (followed by an irritable rattle with the switch). ' My wo-ary ey-es dwell on the tre-as-ured — swish, swash (and a dab of soap) pa-st (hero a shuffle backwards), and ev-ery da-y I fon-d-ly sa-y — let go that oat, Tom, ye ' limb,' or I'll flatten ye, see if I don't' — and without perocptible pause, she resumed the song in the middle of another verso. I was now beooming impatient, and politeness itself was gradually evaporating. At one point she Bomcwbat lowered her voice, in feeling sympathy with the measure, and realising that it was now or never, with me, I yelled like a fiend incarnate, at the same time rattling a double tattoo on the gite that would awaken the ' seven sleepers.' She had once more concludod tho line, 'For though I listen to thy voice,' when it at last appeared to occur to her that somebody was about. Her head ' slewed' a bit, and she paused for an instant (reminding tno ludic rously Of a picture I have seen of a listen ing hippopotamus in an African stream), with her hand reBting on tho scrubbing brush, ready for the instant resumption of her task, but only pltered her position to the extent of showing a glimpse of profile, and rattled off the following without punctuation or stop : ' Oh it's you is it I wonder your not ashamed to show yourself well as you are here you may bring a small roast, and two pounds of tripe and dont saw it off the bullock's horns as ye did the fillet steak on Tuesday.' (Swish). Lis ten to th-y — (swash) — vo ice, th-y fa-_co I nev er (soap and shuffle) ' see.' I sat like a canvassing petrifaction on horseback after this out burst, whilst those ' solcful ' eyes in the slippers seemed to fairly dance and twinkle at my discomfiture. To say that I felt humiliated, insulted, and utterly disgusted would be but feebly exproBsive of tbe situation. Here (I soliloquized) only within tho space of a few short weeks, have I been taken at various times for a certain Divisional Board's Clerk (this on many occasions), an Insurance fiend, a Drover, a Land Ranger, and even a mounted policeman. These mistakes (with the exception of tho last) were pardonable, and I felt amused by some, and certainly flattered by none. But the greasy, blue aproned, lop-sided lutclier 1 Truly my ' nobles had come to ninepence' with a vengeance. Needless to say that ^dis criminating woman's ' face I never saw'— nor never wish to soe — no, not even ' in my dreams,' while I am permitted to draw this fleeting breath. As I put indignant spurs to my horse, and threw a parting glance of scorn at that tuneful viotim of ' tripe,' the bustle gave a lurch sideways, causing one of those ' eyes' to distinctly wink at me, with low, cunning, and diabolical moaning. It slightly tends to balm my wounded feelings to blazen to a cold world tho fact, that that female scrubbing machine, and vocalist, wearB a No. 10 shoo when in domestic retirement, and is what a nautical man would describe as ' very broad in the beam.' It may bo a regrettable or perhaps fortunate circumstance, tbat the description can go no further, for ' tbough I listened to her voice, her face I never saw.' (To be continued). 