Presbyterian Centenary Fund. Ret.' Jno. Waikee, of Wollhara, Com missioner from the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales, arrived in Kempsey last week and on Friday night last was welcomed at a public social in tbe Presbyterian Church, Smith-street. Tbe object of tbe rev. gentleman's visit is the raisinc of £100.000 to clear oS debts on the various funds of the body and open np new charges throughout the colony. Rev. Jno. Taylor presided, and there wbb a large attendance. The choir of tbe church rendered some anthems. Misses Crearer and Lane sane tbe duet ' The Sea of Glass.' Miss Crearer then sang ' The Pilgrim' as a solo and was followed by Mr. Jas, Croeeman with ' In Happy Moments.' Tbe Chairman then introduced Rev. Jno. Walker, who after a few preliminary re marks pointed out that the Presbyterian Church could not be called a dissenting body seeing it was the established chuich in Scotland and the Episcopal Church was in England. They were not ashamed -of their great historic church. When the great wave of reformation swept over Europe every national church in Europe adopted the Presbyterian form of Government, except the Church of England, the German Church, the other Lutheran Churches of Norway, Sweden and Denmark, were all Presbyterian in Government although they might differ in doctrine. The Reformed Church of Germany was Presbyterian in doctrine as well as Government, and the Swiss Church, the Hugenots of France, the Church of Hungary and the Waldensian Church of Italy, which in all probability dated back to the third century and was as old as the Papacy were Presbyterian. There was b time also wheu the Church of England waB Presbyterian, but tbe Act of Uniformity in the reign of Charles II deprived two thousand clergy of ? their benefices. In America they copied their form of Government from the Presbyterian Church, and now there were no less than 11.000 Presbyterian Ministers in the United States, whilst there were only 170 here in New South Wales. They were approaching an important epoch in tbeir history, as the end of the century was near, which had been a wonderful century of Christian progress, but the coming century was likely to be a more wonderful one. They were coming to a time when the forces of good and evil would como into collision for supremacy. They appealed to the Church net merely for money, but to seek for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. They asked them to be more in prayer, and more personally devoted, and he did not believe that they would give them selves to prayer without also giving money to carry on the work. The speaker then de tailed the work it was proposed thn fund should be utilised, viz., clearing off Assembly Fund debts, endowing another profespional chair in the Presbyterian Theological College, a Capital Fund to meet tbe working ex penses of the Churches in the Colony. Part q£ tbe contributions would also be devoted to Church and Manse building and repairs. He asked all to assist in such a noble en deavour for their church. Refreshments were then handed round and subscription papers to the Centenary !fcund. The proceedings concluded with the Benediction. Kov. John Walker preached at Kempsey on Sunday evening and. morning to crowded congregations, the evening sermon being a most earnest address especially to the young, founded on the scriptural narrative of the young man who came to Christ, as related in Matthew 19, verses 1G and following. Mr. Walker also addressed a crowded congrega tion at Frederickton in the afternoon. 