AT ST. PAUL'S. THE THANKSGIVING SERVICE. The celebrations were appropriately commenced at ten o'clock by a thanks- giving service nt St. Paul's Cathedral. God of our fnthcrs, known of old — 1.0m or our fnr-fiutig bauic line. So sing Kipling, and ns he sings he car ries tho nation with him. The relief of Mnfeking was In tho opinion of the nation a tribute to tho power of the "God of'our fathers" and the "Lord ofwur far flung battle lino," and hence the day of celebra tion was begun with the humble acknow ledgment of the power of -the nation's God. Long before the hour of commencement the service, the cngcr people had com menced to stream Into tho doors of the cathedra). At ten o'clock there v/as <_n!y standing room, and the first fines of the Nntlonal Anthem were barely past when even standing room was hard to And. It was an Impressive sight. Many clergymen !n their surplices gave n reli gious impress to the scene. The Lieuten ant-Governor was there to Join In the gratitude to heaven. Soldiers were there to. ; bare their, heads u> the Power which guide the bullet ami nerves the nword." Then the people were there In a multitude to testify their genus of the appreciation of heaven's mercies to our arms. "When the echoes of the National An- Uism had died away in tho roof, there came the exhortation, the general confes sion, tho absolution, nnd tbo grand words of the Lord's Prayer. The chant ing of ths familiar O, Lord, open thou our Hps. Ana our mouth shall ulicw forth thy praise, preceded A HYMN OF THANKSGIVING, the text of which was as follows:— O Lord our Governor: how excellent Is thy hiULo In til the world: Pialm vlll. 1. \- rd. what 13 man thou boat such rc- HDect unto htm: or tbe son of man that inou «u rogardeth him? I'anlm cxllv. a.- - " »Tho "JercMul «wciou» Lord luih so done hi marvcllmi work: that they "Ufnt to Le had la remembrance. Psalm cxI. 4. I. Q that men would therefore -praise the Lord for hi goodness: and declare the of"n Cr" tpSti h tor tho ch,ldrcn 5\. Behold. O Cod our defender: nnd laak upon tho face iff thine Anointed. Peahn Ixxxlv. v. C. O held thou up tier goings In thy paths: that her footsteps slip not. Psalm xvil. 5. 7\. Grout the Queen n lung life: and incite her glad with tho Jar of thy counten ance. Pealma txi. (land xxi. O. S. Let her dwell before thto for over: O prepare thy loving mercy and- faithful- ncKs, that' they may preservo her. Psalm Ixl. 7. 9\. fn her tlmo let thn righteous flourish: and let pcnco bo' In oil our borders. Psalms lxrll. 7, and cxlvli. II. 10\. As. far her encodes clothe thorn with shame: but upon herself let her crown flourish. Psalm cxxxll. 19/ 11\. Blessed he tho Lord God even tho God of Israel: which only' dooth' wondrous things. I'ealm Ixxll. 13. 12\. And blessed bo tbu uamo otitis Majesty for ever: and nti tht> earth shall bo filled with his Majesty. Amen Ameu. 1-salm Ixxll. 19. Glory be to the 1'nthcr, and to tho Son: and te tho Holy Ghost; Ab It wu.. inthc beginning Is how, and ever shall bo; world without' end.- Amen.- . 