' Parted at tke Altar-' A Charming Love Story of Intense and ^ 1 Thrilling Interest — ? I ,BY L. J. L. ~' Author of 'A Working Giri-'^Triumph.' CHAPTER XXXII.— Continued. 'In the depths o£ m j heart I still loved my poor lost Doria as devotedly as ever, but still another thought was continually striving for Buprotiiacy in heurt and . brain, and that thought was — -life in the £uture would not be worth living if it oould not be shared ?with Miss Fielding for my wife. What troubled me most wan her ap parent dislike — nay, .abhorrence - of tne. It piqued, annoyed, surprised jne. ' Despite her coldness, her anger, I followed her to Newport, as you know, and each day my love for her grew more intense.' On the night I saved her from deuth in the surf I asked her to be my wife, and confessed my lovo for her, 'But as the.. words fell from ray lips, she turned on me like a flash. '- ' Tour love !' she cried, vehement ly. ' There is nothing so false under the light of heaven as your love. God pity the woman who puts faith . in Frederiok Thornton. It would end in a broken heart.' ' And ere I could recover my voice to utter one word of protest, she was _ gone. ?' For an hour or more I stood mo tionless on the white sands, trying to look my future in the face, and at tempting to solve the problem as to -why she should utter those words. Did she know the story of my poor lost Doris from Doris's point of view ? I asked myself, in the greatest be wilderment. '?That night I left Newport, deter mined to never- look upon her face again. And ufter six weoks of wand ering about from place to place, tho letter written by Doris, and which you have just read, reached me. 'My great agitation and unspeak able joj- at the revelation it made j-ou can better imagine than I can des cribe, Mrs. Lancaster,' said Frederick, with tears that were no shame to his manhood standing in his eyes. 'Miss Fielding and Doris one and the some! I thought I had suddenly gone mad. I must be dreaming. I could not rest until I should see Doris again and ex plain all, and claim my darling bride, dearer now than ever: to me. ' When I oame here and found her gone, none knew whither, the bitter anguish, the sorrow, the despair of it was more than I could bear. I must find Doris ; I will move Heaven aud earth but what I will find her.' ' You have my warmest sympathy, Mr. Thornton,' replied Mrs. Lancaster. ' It would give me the greatest plea sure tu see two hearts that Heaven intended for each other .reunited — it would indeed. Sooner or later Doris will communicate with us, and rest assured no time will be lost in restor ing her to your arms.' How~little either of them knew of the tragic event that was to happen ere they looked again on poor, hapless Doris's face ! It was well for Freder ick Thornton he did not know what the future hold in store for him. The- next day saw the Lancaster party en route for their new homo, Frederick accompanying them. Two days later he arrived at Thornton House,- i There was great rejoicing nt tho re turn of the only son of the house. Trixy, his youngest sister, had fuirly smothered hi*n with kisses. ' I hope you havo couie home to stay now, my son,' said Mrs. Thorn ton. ' Ah 1 my boy, the hnppieBtdn.v of my life would be that on which I could see you married and settled down. Are you still faithful to Doris's memory ?' ' Hush, mother 1' warned Trixy, in a whisper. ' Don't break tho startling news to him too soon.' CHAPTER XXXIII. THE HAND OF FATE. When Doris fled, precipitately from the hotel, she took the first outgoing train, heeding not, oaring not in which direotion she went. Long hours passed by, and on through the sunlight whirled the New York express. Doris sat at the win dow gazing fixedly out at the chang ing landscape, yet seeing nothing. It was like one long dream to her. She could hardly realize what had happened, or where she was going. Her brain whirled. Her eyes burned so that she could scarcely close them. Her thoughts were all fancied and ^unreal. At last the train stenmed into the Grand Central station, and the next moment Doris stood on the crowded platform quite alone. ' Cab, miss ?' said the porters, aB they hurried by. More than one passenger stood still to look curiously at the white, beauti ful face, with the vague and frighten ed eyes. ' Cab, miss ?' repeated the man. ' Take you to any part of the city.' Doris tried to answer him. What waB this Btrange, deathly sensation that was stealing over her ? The man's voioe seemed far off: and. indis tinct. Dense darkness shut out his face from her view. She threw up her hands with a little ory, and stag gered forward, and would have fallen to the platform if the man had not caught her in his arms just in time. ' Here ! Give us a hand,' he cried out to one of his companions. 'A. young woman here has fainted. Some one come and take her,' he bawled. ' I've a whole coach-load of passen gers waitin' forme. Come here, some body, and attend to this gal.' It was one of the railway o/Scials who responded. What followed -im» mediately after, Doris never knew. Long weeks afterwards she awoke tn consciousness in the hospital to which she had been taken, nameless, friend less, sick unto death; and utterly deso late — she, the petted heiress, the car essed darling of wealth and luxury. She looked up in wonder at the kindly face betiding over her. ' Where am I ?' she asked, in won der, gazing blankly around her, ' and who are you ?' . The nurse laid her cool band on the feverish brow. ' You are in the hospital, my dear,' Bhe answered. ' I am your nurse. You have boon very ill indeed.' ' In the hospitaj !' echoed Doris. ' Is it possible I have been ill ? Did they bring me here when I fainted away yesterday ?' The nurse laughed.. ' It was a good many yesterdays ago,' she answered. ' I have attended you fo.r quite six weeks, my dear.' Doris fell baok on her pillow with a i gasp of the most intense surprise. ' You are not to talk now, my child,' the nurse went on, decisively.' 'It wouldn't take much to have a relapse of brain fever again. Here, take this medicine, and you will have a nice, long, refreshing sleep ; and after you wake up you shall tell me who you are and where your relatives live, that they may be communicated with.' Doris turned her face to the wall with a hard, dry sob. ? ' I have no relatives on the face of the earth,' t-he answered, drearily ; '? no. not one,' The old nurde looked shocked. ' So j*oung and so utterly friendless I Can it be possible f she thought, pity ingly. All efforts on the following day to learn the address of Doris's friends proved futile. ' I do not wish them to know where I am,' she answered. ' I ara never going baok to the old life again.' 'Every life has its own seorets,' responded the old nurse. ' You know best, child, if your action is right or wrong.' ' Yes ; I know best,' replied Doris, wearily. She was young and .strong, and during the fortnight that followed the work of convaleseoce went on rapidly. ' You will soon be quite your old self again,' declared the-old nurse en couragingly, ' But you seem to have lost all heart. That is ' not right. I have seen in my experience as hospit al nurse many a young girl who was brought in to ue, and who was not half as ill as you were, die.' 'If life had as little charm for them as it has for me, perhaps they were not sorry to go,' said Doria. ' Oh, my dear, my dear! those are hard words to hear from the lips of a young girl,' said the nurse, shaking hor head solemnly. 'To youth the world should be gay and bright.' ' It could never be gay and bright to one who has passed through so much as I have,' sighed JJoris. ' No young girl over had such a fate as mine.' ' Every one thinks their own fate hardest to bear,' said the nurse ; ' but if they only knew of tho fate of others, they would think their own hnppy in deed compared to it. Why, if I should tell you sOme of the pitiful cases that came under my observation when I was nurse in. the Baltimore Hospital — before I came to New York — you would never make Ibat remark again. Did you sponk ?' Doris had dropped bnclc on her pil low with a low, shuddering moan. ' You spoke — of — Baltimore,' mur mured Doris. ' I — I never hear the name of that place mentioned with out suffering the keenest puin. The greatest sorrow of my life came to me there.' ' Try to forget it, my dear,' advised the nurse, soothingly. ' I wish to Heaven I could' forget 1' sobljed Doris, bitterly. ' I will tell you some little anec dotes of others that will help you to forget,' said the nurse, drawing up her chair close by the coach. ' You will get so interested in other people's woes that you will quite forget your own.' A sad smile hovered around Doris's lovely mouth. '? One of the sadd«st oases that ever came undor my observation was that of a yOung man who was brought to the Baltimore Hospital one morning. He was a victim to a street accident that had j ust occurred. A ptir of run away horses had nearly trampled him to death as he was crossing tbe road.' 'I do not want to hear about it,' said Doris. ' It would only make me sad. Tell -me of something more cheerful. A touching, pitiful story always brings tears to my eyes.' 'But this one is so strangely ro mantic,' persisted- the nurse, ' so like the pago of a novel, that you could not help feeling interested in it.' To gratify the old nurse, who seem ed bent upon telling this story, Doris at last consented to listen. ' I shall at least forget the darkness and coldness of my own past, and the desolation of the future, while she is relating it,' she thought, with a weary smile. How little Doris dreamed, as she ?commenced her story, how vitally in terested she was in it, and that this ? hour would be the turning-point of her life 1 ' As I was saj'ing,' continued the nurpe, ' the young man who was brought into the Boltimore Hospital that morning was suffering from a severe blow on the head, produced by a plunging, runaway horse. I remem ber it all quite as well as though it happened yesterday ;. and it was al most four years ago. ''The doctors all declared the poor fellow would not live. How porry 1 felt for him ! He was so young and so handsome : stricken down without warning in a single instant. ' ' He is some mother's idolized son — some young girl's lover,' I sighed, as I bent over him, gently pushing the dark, damp curls back from his white forehead, ' Thero was not a line about hitn by which he could he identified. But, contrary to the doctors' expectations, he did live — -through the terrible siege of brain fever though- which he passed would have killed many another man less strongly constituted ; yet, even with returning health, the danger was by no means pa^t. It was feared his reason would be impaired, the blow over the base of the brain had been such a terrible one. The decision the doctors arrived at was quite correct—the poor fellow's reason was but partially restored. He could not recollect what brought him to Baltimore, or, indeed, events that had happened for some time back, otherwise his brain was clear enough. ' 'There seems to be some strange, undefined thought ever striving for re cognition in my brain, nurse,' he would often say to me ; ' something that I ought to do seems weighing to my mind, but I cannot think what it is,' . ' ' ' Do not try,' I advised. 'It is prob ably ,only some sick fancy. No doubt, if it is anything vory important, it will come back to j'our memory sooner or later.' I wish I could throw off the weight of depression at will,1 he an swered, with a sad smile and a dreary .look in his dark eyes. 'I have often heard of men who have- been haunted by some lost thought for long years, and I always laughed heartily at the notion, j^ow I am a victim to a phan tom thought myself.' ' I never shrill forget the day his father came for him to take him home. There wore tears in the -*3'os of the Pioud old banker as he extended bis hand to me. V- . -?:.? ? .' ? ' ' You have nursed my'eon through a long and dangerous illness,' he said. 'I am more indebted to you than wprds can express. If I can be of servioe to you at any time in life, you havo but to call upon mo,' he addod, Warmly. ' Your careful nursing, I firmly be lieve, has been the direct cause of sav ing my son Frederick's life.' 'Why, are you illP' cried the old nurse, springing to Doris's side. CHAPTER XXXIV. FHEDEKICK THORNTON'S WIFE. ' How foolish I am to be so agitated at the name — Fredetick !' thought Doris, recovering her composure by a violent effort. ' Of course thore is more than one ' Frederiok ' in the world.' Ah, how 9he loved the handsome young husband whom she was, even then, hiding from 1 All her wealth seemed dross to her because she had missed Frederick Thornton's love. By a great effort Doris collected her scat tered thoughts, and listened to what the old nurse was saying : ' Are you ill»_child? Why you are as white as a ghost,' ' No, I air- not ill,' replied Doris ; ' it was only a sudden pain at my heart. Pray go ? on. ; I ani'listening to your story.' And the old nurse did go on with the strange revelation that was to ohange the current of two lives. ?? as i was saying, sue continued, ' the whole. family of rich banker was very grateful for the excellent care I linU taken of Mr. Frederick, and I grow to know them well — so well that when I was transferred from Baltimore to the New York Hospital, I stopped a weok at their beautiful home. And it was then that I heard the tragic story that has darkened poor Mr.Fred erictt's life ever since the hour of that fatt-l siokness. Doris was beginning tofeel strangely interested in the narrative. She could not tell why. She was listening in tently, her little hands locked tightly together in her lap, her large blue eyes never leaving the old nurse's face. ' I told you of the blank in poor Mr. Frederick's mind when he left the hospital,' she continued, 'and of something which he -felt had escaped from his memory, try hard as he will to recall it. He could not even remem ber what had brought him to Baltimore or why he was there.' '?- ' Yes you told me that before,' said Doris, impatient at the repetition. ' Upon that hangs. the tragedy which follows,' onswered the nurse, wiping a tear from her eye. with her long white apron. Poor Mr. Frederick went back to his home, and his mother and sisters and his old. sweetheart, who was visit iug there, gave the idol of the family a royal welcome. It was almost like having him back from the grave — he had been s - near death. (To be Continued .) 