Mr. EDMUND DUGGAN Photo by Talma. As Captain Slammer in Little Christopher Columbus at the Theatre Royal. MY. Edmund Duggan is an old Melbourne boy will be well remembered by lovers of Shakespeare the city. With his brother, also an old Melbourne Identity, he started the. Roscius Club, an amateur Historical society that staged some very ambitions productions mostly of Shakespeare, for those were the days when the " Swan of Avon" did not spell ruin to a therical manager, and was also a prominent member of the Shakespeare Society, founded by Dr. Neild, Sir George Verdon and David Blair. With the Roscius Club, Mr. Duggan made his first appearance at the age of 17 as an amateur, in the parts of lago in Othello, Laertes in Hamlet, the Spanish Duke in As You.Like it, and Bassanio in The Merchant of Venice. So strongly did the stage fever seize upon him that he gave up everything else to study Shakspeare, and made his first appearance as a professional in Hamlet at the Theatre Royal, under Mr. Titheradge, taking the part of Gildin- star. But his parents were against his adopting the stage as a profession, and he had to give up his engagement, with the result that when the thirst for the footlights once more seized upon him, he ran away to Sydney. On the journey the ship was wrecked, and after suffering great privations, the passengers were rescued | and landed at Sydney. Then the young actor joined a company at the Gaiety Theatre, and when the "ghost" ceased to "walk," made his way on tour to Wangaratta, where he became a very successful teacher of elocution. After spending some time there, he came to Melbourne to manage the first appearance of his sister (Miss Eugenie Dnggan,) as Juliet at the Theatre, Royal, subsequently joining. Mr. Alfred. Dampier's company, and playing leading and heavy roles. He also wrote a play called The Eureka Stockade, which was produced at Ballarat and Bendigo and was a great success. On Mr. Dampier's departure for England, Mr. Duggan became stage-manager for Grattan Riggs' Tasmanian tour, and when that well-known actor (now deceased) broke his arm at Strahan, Mr. Duggan took his part of Conn The Shangbraun , and greatly distinguished himself in it. Strange to relate, twelve months later-on the exact- day and date, Grattan Riggs was at Strahan again and died there. When Alfred Dampier returned, Mr. Duggan once more joined his company, and after a season with him, joined the Holloway-Anderson com- bination, subsequently receiving an engagement as stage-manager for Mr. Sheridan. Mr. Duggan had at one time a company of his own on tour with The Colleen Bawn, East Lynne, La. Tusca, Currant Cash and other well-known stock pieces, and considers his best part to be the title role in Conn, the -Shaughraun Mr. Duggan is also well-known in rowing circles having been a member of the Yarra Yarra Rowing Club for about 14 years. At one time he was selected as a member of the crew for the intercolonial eight under Mr. George Upward, but was prevented from being included by having to leave for Tasmania with his company. 