WITHOUT A HOME. CHAPTER XIV. SEVERING TIES. BY MRS. BAER. " Really, Ada, this is very unexpected. What has brought about this decision ? To tell tbe truth, I do not understand why you should leave a home where you are scarcely treated as a servaut." " I am fully sensible of your exceeding kindness, dear lady," replied the girl, in a rich, melodious voice; "but I cannot 8tay. There are reasons for this that you cannot understand were I to explain them, which is simply impossible. 1 kuow you have spoiled me—that, go where I will, I shall not find another home like this; but I must go.'' " Bliss Meredith^ made some enquiries about you this moroiug, aud seemed to think that she had seen yon befbre: but was baffled when she beard your name. Did you ever see ber before V' " Once," replied Amy, truthfully. " Perhaps she would like to see yon. She said she would call in tbe morning without company." Amy tbiefe up Tier head a little prondly. " Miss Meredith can have no particular business with me. 1 should like to leave this evening, if you'll let me ge." " Certainly you can go, if you are bent on so doing," replied the lady, taking out her purse and paying the girl her wages. "You have been faithful, and the extra money is a reward for your kindness to Rena." Amy turned away, unable to speak, and went to tie library, where she bade good-bye to ber favourites, with streamingeyes. "My, my I What does this meant What are you crying for, Ada ?" asked Herman Singleton, as be came suddenly.into the room. " Because I am so miserable," she replied, faintly. "Eveiything seems to go wrong." "What has gone wrong ?" be asked, kindly. " Has Rena got one of ber tantrums again ?" " No," she replied. "Mr. Singleton, I am going to leave, and I do love these books, BO much. It seems like parting from old friends to leave " Why are you going to leave us 1" be enquired, gravely, I must n I cant tell you why t' " I thought yon bad no friends, Ada; what are jrtm going to do in this large city without a protector ?" " What band reds of others do," •be replied. " Fight my way, conteat the road, and if I fail it will net be because I lack courage. " What do you think I have been doinp these two yean I I suppose yon'i) laugh at me, but I have been preparing myself to teach." If a thunda&plt; had fallen a*, hi« feet Singleton would scarcely iiave been more astonished, and bis surprise did not escape bar ^notioe. "I suppose you think me preeomptuous," she continued, bnrriedly, " but I was born -of/patents' wbo instilled into Uy mind a love" «f knowledge; patents Tvho little thougWiftheir <only cbild would havetotoattlewith the world as I bave bad to do. "When ! came here and found these books, and learned ^that I could lave access to them, 1 determined !*) improve ^he opportum^and l bave nocauae to »- proadi mysdfj&r; i barn gathered many a sheaf in -these iwoyeaia, andstored tbem&rtbelutnre.;'' The illigbtafenreof the girlwas erect now. xSe^nige -•brown^yes onsly irigbt with tbe -eBthiinasin <£bnaabject,ind1o<4ring =up intohia face aa^eiuiAed.abe abruptly inked: • "' H^rjihink >me .-quixotic, and ?ny afleae wahmaiy, dotrtyoul" " I think jyouare pn tbe vera of a grant! womat&iiod;," farephad. Bhe raised Jmyayebrowa,, and ber forehead ..knotted into »- }k»vj IroTOjyfJjBkeaypaiiirAnboMBt opinum,"£he aaidjieprpach&rily.; "Stiiai£*ellyop sfcatltbinkl Then f inffi Yoarftaaevcrance is simptyaahliaie^ your IndnaUyjyuU I^wum j^Uwv^iaamitoi -your- • you* fcavewoAed, unaided and alone, is truly *&narfcable; I bave watdied -yoa -past yean, «vet since yoo aaked toy sister for Hie «ae of the Mnaiyrand t bave seen bow yon sometimes joiade mistakes to tbe eclecfaonf igy'oar folames, bat, in the main, you 3is{dace8'**- cedent taste. 1 beltese you wHl ^ucseodj you iiavezny best yonr«oal" ,,-t,,...... < ML itnafcyTlave in abundance." •Hb^k^ppi ipti must «t*i . iifV •fWjy^" 'CDc jOWMpP jgual, it ^ttrotgi my ihat I could not do in this case." " You are independent I" said the gentleman, a little sharply. The blood mounted in a brilliant glow to her face. " The lessons of life, learned in the school of adversity, are not likely to teach us dependence on those about us," she replied. " You talk bitterly for a girl of your age," he remarked. " Ada, what is the cause of it? Has life held no happiness, no joy, no pleasure for you all these years that you have lived 7" "Yes,'' she continued, "until I was twelve years old my life was one continued Hush of happiness, with only ouedurk cloud, the death of my mother, though 1 was almost too young to realize my loss then. My fatfrer died when I was iu my fourteenth year, and since then my life has been one continued struggle with poverty." " It is very strange that you have no friends, no relatives." " I have relatives, but they are iusensfole to my welfare. It makes no difference to them whether 1 sink or swim. I don't know why I should be telling you all these things," she added. " Because I asked you," be replied. " Your confidence shall be respected." " You have been very thoughtful and kind to me since 1 have been an inmate of this house. Allow me to thank you for your many little acts of courtesy." "I should be better pleased if you would let me assist you.'' " You can do so by giving me directions where to find a respect- able and cheap boarding-house ?" Herman Singletou stroked bis moustache in perplexity. Cheap boarding-houses were not much in bis line, but, thinking for some moments, it occurred to him that lie bad accidentally heard of a small bouse in a quiet, respectable street, where one could get cheap board. A fHtnd of his, a college associate, who had more brains than money, lived there, and taking out a card thafh&d; been given to him, be told Amy of it,and gave ber the address. " Remember,'' be said," that tbe offer of assistance is open to you a year hence as well as to-day." " Oh/ she cried, breaking down, " your kindness makes it harder to go. I came here as a servant, and have received nothing but good treatment; and it is bard to leave so much beauty, brightness, and refinement, everything that the most esthetic nature could desire, for a small room in a boarding-house." " Then why go " Because I must. Good-bye." She held out ber band, shook his heartily, and vanished quickly out of tbe room. CfiAPTEB XV. A BCILPftlSE. The last article of clothing bad beetTfttt away, the last good-bye -was said, and Hena was put in fcibed carefully, before Amy arose to go. The patting was bitter, far more so tbaii Amy bad supposed it would be at first. Her face was the last'thal Amy looked onin tbe bouse, for after die bad said farewelllto"eveiyone shestoleiiptothe nursery again, as if loth to leave ber ohaige,and took alaat long look. With a. heart almost bunting abe went quickly down tbe staiis, out of tbe front 4oar, and entered * street car, which finally set ber sdown at tbe faoardiog- bonsfe. She latig tbe bell, aad was admitted to tbe parioor by * prim litUe maid, wb« 8aid Ihetnistaeas would be down soon, turning up tbe gu w ebe Amy iooked around ber, at tbe bomely bttt clean carpet; and al the walls with tiiiur picuiree. . She started «p witb an exclamatlon of suiprise. " Swjly this is thetuctnretJiatosBdtoliailgowsr tiie lmantel in Hit. WrflertonV room 1 • Yes,it is tbe saane ; I know itir!". ".../"••• v " , "J>oyon widi toeeem« I 1 * asked a yotces and Amj/Wrned frprntbe aumm&iat;^t^lniii^,^ quirmgglaoce of landlady. _ - Taking * fitej) farwatj. the ^irl ,iaed 4me haod/'i5i3, M)" * voice aoarody abpv® a., wbisperj adciedv: "Is jtsoBmblellbat one wbom I have^tdieved po be dead foV two 4augniSsll'jawjr•''• - * Tbe landlady ; <d»w beraslf «p inHKhtily. ^fam not a ghost that •i mv* *£- Will you come to bu^t^a^ii flcak Btolt-""" Amy ipauig forward, witb agbd i^gbtinber «yes. " Dwi't you te- <BegMae toe, Aunt Iioniseif ; wm fo^rtto yoBr JiWe jipjt, Amy JwwI Ai. yos know me «ow» rite «eptnd> M a JoArfpwogpitipo abeoaeoetl b^a«B-to reoeiy»-her • ^ V ^ t ji^-i^-W' -.m f'T^ank tbe {ood tint Hiebaiiet toJodcjesyooriaca haddiedi'' • • ' me look at you. Why, biess my [ soul! you are a young lady, and i - had expected to see you a little giri still. Well, old folks think that tbe young must stand still, but they go on growing all the same. " Sow, tell me all about yourself." Amy gave her entire history, omitting nothing that bad happened since her father died, and Mrs. Wollei ton laughed and cried by turns, as her favourite told how she had battled so suceessfully with an adveiw fate, ending by saying that the one motive of her life waB to fit herself for teaching. " 1 shall never make myself known to the Merediths, nor do I wish them to know of me; so, auntie, t think 1 shall keep my new name, Ada Gascon. I have come to live with you now, if you can find a nook in your dear heart and home for me." " Of course I'll find one for you, and you shall go to school just as much as you want to. Don't shake, your head, for I have some money, and nobody in the world to spend it on but yourself. Just to tbiuk of the trumped up lie of that rascally man wbo tried to get you into his power. Bless your heart, child, I have lived at the old place ever since, till last year, and I never sat an eye on bim. Just to think that you have been living here two years in drudgery, and I didnt know it." " Not drudgery, aunt. Uy life at Mrs. Garman's was ratber pleasant" "On,yes, I dare say, nursing a spoiled child was rather pleasant. " I would rather do that than be dependent on any one," was tbe 4 quick reply. "Just like your father. He waa too proud to ask anything of bis father-in-law, so bis business went to the dogs. Dont yon be too independent to do as I say." " I don't want to be a burden to you," replied Amy. "Who says yon'U be a burden? When 1 get tired of you I'll tell you. I'll send for your trunk tomorrow." * " But, auntie, if you are really so well off, why do you keep boarders t " asked the girl, with a quiztical look on her lace, for she thought she: had the advantage. ~ ' ; " Because I wanted something to do," was the quick reply. "You' don't doubt my word, do you f'' * i " No, no; but I thought you said: bo to make me feel at ease. I wouW rather accept aid from you than any one." " You are coming to your senses," said Mrs. Wolierton. " It is a kindness yon are doing me, child, for I am lonely, and oftames sad because: I have no young face about me to make sunshine and music. Conffe with me, and I'll ebow you to your room." She led tbe giri op to a large, airy bedroom, neatly furnished; and when Amy was told that was to be hers, die caught ber friend about tbe neck, and kissed ber again and •gain. - " Go to sleep, my Sear," said the old lady, gently," so you may have fresh cheeks in tbe tnornuig. Goodnight," and Hrs WdDertoD retired, leaving Amy to betg&L; ' A. smile, balf triumphant, half sarcastic played ftbout tbe young girl's lips. t 'i/ • "' before me," Amy^uumured, if I do j>ot garland my- brows frith ftul^'f^-an^howi^ to^kew in her arms, and kissed ma aotnany times, and held tne«o tight that f conld not breathe. 7 Tbe aaoie idail heart, the aunb 'genial maimer of old. Help fram ber does not gaB and chafe 'lib it wcrald iva tbe others." . - . • . , Sut Mn. WoUerton did Dei tcjl ber of the many aoxiom visits Qiat Oscar Meredith had made to bar ; bow he had tried every nealis 'iil ins power to find hia niibefc Witb a rare tact she aaw -at-a-glanotibat Amy was deqdy prejudiced, aod^he fact that she t&own; an3e ^ right name, only aernd to oonfirtn hwopuiioniaoehewMelylMptber own «ounsd, and determined to nae it iitUeetrat^gy, , ,r To describe tbe Ceekog of quiet content, that «u4e over th« loeely oqpban^ri, as «be laid htf iiealtaa: the pillow that night, woolfSilmposable; there was aomothiag Leavealy in it ; «o diild to tooAe uirte broken ^amben, j^^Ktt^ answer, sotsominwda to.iwiy; for the firrt tune w yean ;«be co«ld <BOF<me»te, go to sleep was Ured, aMke sthen *be mlled. " 