? By M. Dilger. Whilst iftting Iw&re; the fire in my study oiw^'^^-w^^i-foellBg tired and depressed*fter along.tedious day, my cousin RAlph waTunex- JectedlJ anounced bythe servant. ' Why, what good Wind has. blown you here, old felld^l" I exclaimed in surprise, Ull/iwv, rising D — hurriedly tf to d greet him. —* I thought you were miles away in lovely Cornwall, and was only now comparing your lot as master of Savely Hall, and^finfe income _with mine as a hard- worked London doctor." "I was compelled to run up to town for a few days on business connected with the estate," he replied, "and looked you up to see if I can persuade you to return home with me.' He sank wearily into the armchair which I had drawn up to the fire, as he spoke and leaned back as though quite «YoU are looking seedy, old man," I exclaimed, after a brief inspection of !ny cousin as he sat silently contemplating the fire. "Anything gone wrong with the estate?" He turned and regarded me silently for a few moments ere replying. "You Irill laugh at me, I suppose, Gerald; but it is true that tho ghost has again appeared in the Lime-walk, and this time to me." I really did feel very much inclined to laugh, having no belief myself in spirits from another world, but one elance at the poor lad's white, haggard face checked the merriment on my lips, and-I could only inquire further irther into the matter, with the hope of elucidating the mystery. , "Tell me all about it," I said, drawing preparing for a chat; "perhaps betw<£n us we may find a way of circumventing this troublesome ghost." He laughed drearily, and warmed his liands at the blaze before replying. "It seems rather hard, old fellow, doesn't it, that after roughing it in Africa for all those years, that directly after I inherit this property and come home to enjoy it, the ghost should fasten upon I am the last of my branch of the family, and when the old place passes to you, Gerald, the ghost wall have departed from it. You know it is only the descendants on the male side, from the redoubtable Ralph Nefherwood, who are supposed to inherit the curse." "Stuff and nonsence, man," I exclaimed, emphasising my words with a vigorous poke at the blazing fire. "This wonderful spectre is not going to deal with you as it appears to have done with your ancestor. We must find some way to demolish it." I spoke hardly, seeing that Ralph was in just the mood for doing something desperate; but I must confess that I felt rather doubtful myself about iwviiBi uuuuuui our success in unravelling the mystery which had hung over the old hall for so many generations. In the time of Elizabeth, it seemed that the owner of Savely Hall, one Ralph Netherwood, had received favourable notice from the maiden Queen, which apparently turned his head, and made him espire to become a suitor for the capricious lady's hand One great obstacle stood in the waj of his desire, in the fact that he wi already married to a virtuous youn] lady, daughter of a French Countess who had crossed to England with Mary Stuart. In those times, however, means were generally forthcoming for those who required them ; and one morning the lady was found to have disappeared, taking o all her valuable jewels with her. By "many it waB supposed that, worn out with her husband's ceaseless cruelty and neglect, die had escaped from England, and returned to her beloved about the country Be that as it mav Ralph Netherwood did not prosper in his designs for the Queen's hand but shortlv after his wife's disappearance, he fell into disgrace a^^as banished from Court, to HvJ iaTeU^eXaSS Hall until hil death From that time the tradition had fe^tllS^XS^ man in the Linte-walk and unearthly screams were, heard in the direction of Uie lake whichlayin the jCark beyond. v - ^ , , •• ' "I tellold man," I ex- Tha t *gr time ' , s -u v „„ sat for some ^ ^ p B ^ i ^ S mLw 4 e P a I*" re > P™w M L m \ a^ m a i a J ; g " t tune to settle various ? hKh affairs *° uld with my •-d also enable Ralph to finish the business which had brought i to town. Three days later saw us bowling briskly along the deep Cor- ? lsl1 lanes, now a glorious mass of yel- Jow Primroses and green ferns, in a ^dog-cart, rr ' which. -r-' had been sent to tne station to meet us. As we drew near th hall in the gathering twilight, I noticed that f W j J u , r the T, ft ° f ^ ing London until now had appeared <n the highest spirits, grew silent and ^ y . as though something weighed ujwn his mind It is time for this farce to end, or it will turn into a tragedy shortly," I thought, as I watched the haggard and drawn face of my companion, and tho ^ ^ ^ <>n the reins in the "Ralph's ner'ves are evidently strained to the highest pitch, and unless something is done quickl^ it will end either in his brain giving way or his death." After dinner, the night being bright and frosty, we strolled up and down the terrace, smoking our cigars, and chatting on various matters, until the conversation veered rouncf to the object of my present visit. "I cannot describe the feeling, Geraid," he said, in answer to a question of mine, "but as soon as I entered tho Lime-walk, it seemed as though a heavy burden had been placed on mv back, which, in spite of every effort, I was powerless to remove "I could see nothing; in fact, all my faculties appeared benumbed, and I wa s only conscious wuouiuub of ui two mo soft sun* arms aims around my neck which froze the blood >n my veins, and threatened to strangle me. "Although it is only ten minutes' walk through the avenue, the time seemed interminable before I reached the spot where my burden unclasped its arms, and slid into the water. "A splash, as though some heavy object had fallen, and two heartrending screams followed, as the water broad- surface. " It was just such a bright moonlight night as this—and, by Jovel" he exclaimed, in an excited voice, "we have strolled here again. It must be fate, for I have avoided this part of tho grounds ever since." "Nonsense, man!" I exclaimed roughly, an eerie feeling creeping over me in spite of myself, as we entered the avenue, now bright with moonlight, and guarded on either side by stately limes I1111CD VCJlu„ centuries llCD old, whilst in the distance a shimmering of silver in- Hinat.arl dicatad fho the lake, As we strolled a few steps in silence, I, assuming a courage which I by no means felt, and all my senses on the ' „„jj„„i„<-i :„ alert J " mistake by a keeper, leaning against a tree This I immediately pounced upom, deeming it might probably prove serviceable '1 OTIC, moonlight ramble, and considerably as I the stock between • , ( , witn a sigh ot tne absent cause 5r the had day better i of your • take L '-- an end. I shall not either man or woman who "Ventures to try their games on us." I turned to my cousin as I spoke, and, to my horror, saw him toiling along by my side, bent double as if under a heavy weight, _ whilst on his back, with its arms around his neck, lay the form of a young woman attired in the rich brocade of long ago. Heface, upturned to the moonlight, arently escaped from its confinement, The perspiration stood in great drops upon Ralph's face, and his breath came in laboured gasps, as he tottered along by my side with his ghastly burden. The night seemed suddenly to have turned cold enough to freeze the blood in our veins, and for a moment 1 gazed ^ S & l S S t L ^ S i S k ^ B A r""""* anrl tlm w««. snapp J wh>bt Ralph still continuedIon hisway bearing his burden m though ynconscioiw of ^ ^^iffiw Li™ t _ ompanion's neck,"gave two heartrend"- n ng screams, and disappeared,jthe calm n W e ^ flM» IKBMW ^ag^^ot circles, as though something had disurb e d the stillness of. its stirface. T ror We for stood gazing at each otherin hor- pour^ off ' almost ^ XtT^d uShTv unearthly S thf spare's h^d Ln and S S S- ence Ve retrS then in wihouse. our steps to the The bright fire and lampl-eht in the ^okh^m b ^ visionary world into the welcome realm of everyday life, and in a short time we were able to talk of the scene which had so recently been Tacted in the Lime-walk. X «I tell you what it is, Ralph," I said, after various plans for slaying the ghost had been discussed, and set aside as useless, "you must have the lake drained at once. The mystery evidently lies there, and you know the old legend runs: Unti, the ^ ^ ]ake fee ^ SVrf w J i S ? Tn ^T^' S r S L Z f^ ^ ' f r ' sp,n t ' ndden the curse sha11 ' oea^c" So we work upon that plan, and see what comes of it." After some , demur on Ralph's part, , v "o did not think the old leg°nd worth much belief, and wlio also feared, by removing the lake, to spoil the Sounds, it was at length agreed that workmen should be engaged directly t o , divert the water into a new channel, ", hllst the original bed underwent a thorough investigation. Accordingly, next, day workmen were *! !t to " ork to excavate a new place for the } vater to run into; but, unfortunately for me, just when our exciteineiit H iis red-hot, a telegram was placed in my hand summoning me to town for an important 1 consultation , . . ., As it was impossible to put. of i 1 had grace ' I could, and submit return with home the by best the . night train, in a state of extreme vexation. My cousin, however, assured me that he would write directly anything of importance turned up, and in the \- • 1 J;™/' I v « ek after return I > My Dear Gerald S m ^ S to know that I ha; lieve that the jfiySfei n ® cur . 8e A f s t u ® restf^ \ c } ovua ^ SKe l , . - 1 ot a fV containing vaiual , ut course, all vesi „ — = . ?^PPeared, but from the state ofthe , l ? uro an of the - jewels, d . th? they old-fashioned must have been setting under water many years. I have had the remains placed m our <nvl 1 family vault, as I am convinced are those of my ill-fated ancesthe jewels I shall sell, as I should never like to see wife of mine wear them. I should fear jll- luck. J hev tres s ! but ,. Whether ""^ner the uie poor lady m in ner her n.gu„ flight iroin her home fell into the water, or whether her husband drowned her to suit Lis OWI1 end^ and placed her jewels v with her to put people on a wrong scent, it is impossible to prove now, but I incline to the latter solution myself. Next month I intend running up to town, and I hope you will find it convenient to return home with me. I t]liuk l may promise you a livelier Visit A tj lan ^ Wifch many- tllankt, for tlle te| p you ro ^ gave in solving ' the mystery,—Yours, Ralph Netherwood. And so the mystery was solved. 