TOWN TALK. (By ' Echo.'.') That tho -weather has been.warm, very 'warm, during tho daytime, with a tendency toward that, variety tormed muggy; but-at night balmv and sooth ing ' has boon the atmosphoro, and oven 'a troubled conscience (surely, there are none in thislocality !) should not need that ministration to a mind diseased which Lady Macbotlr sought at tho hands of tho family doc.;' and oven as I write, tho rain-clouds have burst, and the faco of this portion of tho cdrth.is sxibmcji'ged in watcjr, while a smilo. onvolops the uuitod front'U-'. piece of Iho pooplo.. So mots ,it con tinue' there. , ?. .. . ,, Thut one strong-lunged village Pooh Bah fought (without success) until tonguo-tirod at tho meeting of a cer tain Adolong Club to got somo neco - aary work for fchufc body procurer) out side tho town, by which means he would, as usual, got his bit of com. See what I've dono for Adelong during my long rooidonco hero ; I'vo always supported local industries. Did I hear anybody whisper '? bluster ?' That tlio tomark made, apparently 'in tho vein cynical; of Hamlet to his bosom frionu Horatio, that ' thore aro ? more'- strango lljinjjo in Heaven and ourtk 'ttiiuViire dreamt of in our philo 'sophy,' is a trilo truism of continued^ repetition, and oven in Adolong thorb' havo been strango happenings ; im primis, hero is a peculiar coincidence, not generally known locally. Mr. n. Eblers; in , 1859, at Eldorado, Vic, was in 'the employ of our late rospoctod townsman, Mr. W. Monlove. The latter came to Adolong, and carried on a large butchering business. Mr. Ehlers, somo years later, also look up his residouce hero, and is at present slaughtering in tho yards built by Mr. Menlovo. I always enjoy a chat as to Ih'e eventful oarly colonial days with men (nuinbors of whom Iivo amongst us) who showed a ' firm front to tho ' whips and scorns of outragoous for tuno,' and, in t''ie light of rominis conces, aro .as interesting as a good book. r .: ? _ ( .,, . 1 'That 'Australia, in a sense, will be born again on January 1 noxt, the first day of the 20th century. That tho Adelong Army are but awaiting further developments in re ferenco to cortain intelligence recently made public in ' Our Telephone.' , If any further secret dossiers are poach'ed from the archives '.of the corps, those warriors intend to 'come to, the ' pre sent urns '.' right hi front of the main entrance to tho Expbcrs establish ment, when a certain scribo will be courtinartiallcd; and, to the tune of ' Tho Beggars' March, summarily drummed out of this laud llowing with Johnney Beale. A fresh supply of ammunition has been procured by the corps, which looks ominous — which ? Tho battle-cry is, 'Lead on, Sergt. Somebody, and dashed bc|he who ciies turn1 back!' I have noticed the Express Strong Man and the Office Cat drilling' during intervals between the killing of invaders, which is like wise bodeful, as our privato graveyard is not nearly full. The Strong Man has also been replenishing — his am munition. This consists of a vast col lection of bottles, from which he' ex tracts a tawny-coloured liquid, after which these are stored among what ho terms his ' doad marines,' from which ho seems to havo killed seafarers. The ' Cat, too, is a-sliarpening of her claws upon our Devil's tail. , Uh ! such bloodthirsty preparations make me shudder — for tho Ad. Army ! That tho old identities are going to have a rorty old time on the 18th ; but, hush ! . mum's the word — not Mumm's champagne. That the ' Gundagai Times ' is about to give up the ghost ; pass in their cheqs.; ' nothing in life worth V living for now ! Our Gundagai con temporary, for which wo once had a follow feeling, has now sinned, and there's a fellow feeling for their scalp. Our late friend has fallon foul of the Amen Corner, which Brother Tumut leads, in whoso last issuo tho death sentence is pronounced (for him) very forcibly, averring scathingly some thing to tho effect that the'-' Times' is a nasty forward thing, and shan't play in their backyard any more ! Oh, you foolish ' Times !' Such a nice backyard, too ! I'm told that if 'the ?' Exwttss don't mend it's ragged ways,' our turn will soon come from1 the same quarter, as Brother Tumut's getting up early o' mornings now, to try and catch a worm ! I wot of a worm that's slow in turning upbn''us ! That there was a nice midnight job of cattlo-dufhng interrupted at Gra hamstown a short time back, when a good fat beast was being tailed up by two mounted men who are not known as 'moonlighters,' nor yet as ' star lighters.' It must have been 'just for fun, oh?' though why 'the twain suddenly wheeled and galloped off .when thoy wore confronted by that woll-known resident was strango — most strange. There's a stripe going a-begging over this cattle- lifting biz. As I'm no informer, I know ' nuffin,' however. I know ono thing, though (and there's not much nous requisite to do so), that there's a very simple plan devisable to mako lifters seek other fields and pastures.' That because Adelong and Tumufc are slow., in formulating some scheme', to jubilate over locally during Common wealth week is not sufficient reason to fear no stop thuswise is t'o be ^nade ; ' ' oh, dear, nol When the Federal agitation was rampant, the local patriotic orators were ramping on the ' well-worn stump, and tho usual utterances (please, don't say frothy) woro heard anont the excellence of the movoment 'to federate the colonies, and that any man who 'did not interest hjmself over such a question was not worthy to bo tormed a Horsetrayliah, and so forth and so on, Now then (or then now), aspiring village politicians and embryonic mayors,' ' come' forth and prove that action ,is in proximity - 'to talk'with you. . ? - - '. - _ That ' Just as the Sun Wont Down ' is n swool song (quite sugary, in fact),' and. is almost sufficient' to cause tho retirement of that orb, espe cially as crowed by my rooster ; but toffy for breakfast and toffy for, dinner -,. is; too much of 'a sweet thing, and, if .' that chanticleer of mine does liot learn' ' ' to whistle (p£ crow) another molody ? . (L care not oven if it be that soulsplit ting solo, .' Jim's, Jacket is 'too holy' ' ' for Dadda Now ') ' I have made', a ' solemn swear that in the pot ho goes, 