: THE BENDIGO ADVERTISES j (published dailt.} fr0gu2ss10x, oult RIGHTS axd our resources. SENDIGO, -THURSDAY, '..A'OK-,f^":SS00. •; 'THE MINISTKRIAT'j ELECTIONS. Those members who have accepted oflice in the Turner Ministry have to go before their several constituencies for re-election. It is natural that in political circles there should be some discussion as to the possibility of opposition being shown to Ministers, and members of the retiring M'Leaii Govern ment, whether deservedly or not,- have been accused of lending themselves to what is termed a Conservative conspiracy to oppose Sir George Turner and his colleagues. Imagination has been allowed to run riot on the subject, and it is evfcn gravely asserted that- an election campaign fund of £2000 has been provided for the purpose, to which, of course, the wicked squatter is directly or indirectly the greatest contributor, whilst such members of the metropolitan community as Mr. F. T. Derham and other presumed arch-Conservatives are credited with working up a committee having for its object the annihilation at the polls of the members of • the Turner Cabinet. The squatter was i • shibboleth in the past to frighten all Liberals ' with, but we should have imagined that in , Victoria, at all events, that ghost had long • been "laid." Possibly it is being revived in view of future effective use in connection with ' land tax proposals of the Government or; the broader sphere of Federal politics. All this somewhat exaggerated anticipation' of political events is partially due to the: holdiDg of an Opposition caucus, primarily for the purpose of electing a leader, and secondly for tho consideration of its future line of policy. During the discussions, which took place, the prospccts of successful: opposition to Ministers were debated, but members naturally caine to tho conclusion that unlessvoppositioij; to. Ministers came; from outside it. was .hardly, likely -ex MiiKsters, or those; within 'Parliament, would put themselves in ft 'false position byi forcing such opposition on elec orates that were content to accept the newly-ajipointedj Ministers.' A kgb6dideft<fsJsa&!n0w! against: the right of ex-Ministers to interfere in the re election of their successors to the Trea-' sury. benches, but that! view was hot taken some twelvemonths ago when the members of the M'Lean Government were seeking | re-election. A very active interest was dis- ) played then by certain meaibers of the .■ defeated Turner Government,,in promoting I and aiding, opposition to members ' of the' M'Lean Government', and such action was not then regarded as one to be met with re^ proach. Notwithstanding all that has been said to the contrary, it is very Questionable whether the minority with which the M'Lean Go vernment came back from the general elec tions was not the result of an unfortunate combination of circumstances rather than being directly due to its own unpopularity. Putting aside the convention proposals, it is admitted that the policies of Mr. M'Lean and Sir George Turner were as much alike as the proverbial two peas. . It might be said that Mr. M'Lean's proposals in regard to i.i':d age pensions were merely of a temporary character, but we now learn that Sir George Turner proposes to submit a scheme for tem porary provision. This it is said is ponding the adoption of a permanent scheme later on. The object apparently is to feel the way, and this is exactly what Mr. M'Lean proposed to do. The Penny Post, the Land Bill, the \Y-.mien's .Suffrage Bill, the rectifi cation of Public Service Anomalies are all items promised by the late M'Lean Govern ment. Under these circumstance what, might we ask, was the change of Govern ment for ? If it was because .Sir George Turner favored the convention as a method of reforming the I constitution, and Mr. M'Lean did not, then : that question should be in the forefront of I the Ministerial programme. But is.it ? We , : are told it is to be dealt with in the next j session, si:c months hence. And if Sir 1 George Turner is leaving Stale politics for those of the Commonwealth will he, person- | ally, ever have a haud in dealing with the I question'? Mashenot,therefore, through thelast efectiot: campaign, and in ousting the M'Lean Government, taken up a false position, j -•Three years ago on the hustings at St. Kilda •Sir George Turner made an earnest appeal to the colony to relieve hitu of the incubus of the Labor party, with Mr. Trenwiih as its leader. Political exigencies and a hankering after the good things flowing from Ministerial portfolios have indeed brought about strange changes and singular partnerships, but the Premier's action lays him open to charges of the grossest inconsistencies j in his political conduct, and there would bo ample justification for opposition to him at St. Kilda, even to the extent of its sanction and support by ex-Ministers. We hardly expect, however, that any will be offered. Sir George Turner's political career may be regarded, according to astrological laws, as controlled by some very lucky conjunction of planets. It can never be thought by any siretcli of the imagination that the member for St. Kilda has ever been under valued in regard to his political career ; and he promises to soar softly into the effulgent, rays of Federal life shortly, leaving such secondary troubles as constitutional reform and convention proposals to less lucky whites to deal with. Result o>' Stoxktiikowiko.—Yesterday1 afteruoon a little girl named Elsie Heliden, 11 years of age, was the victim of a serious assault at the hands of two boys of tender years. The, child was returning from Mr. Stratum's private, school, at Quarry Hill, to her parents' residence at Back Creek, and when near the residence of Mr. B. Ilyett the boys commenced to throw . stonis at her. One of the stones struck her a!, [ heavy blow on the shoulder, and, though she, remonstrated with her young 'assailants, they continued to throw the missiles until one o£ them struck her violently on the mouth. The! boys, then ran away. The little girl walked to! her parents' residence, and upon her mother ex-i amining her mouth it was found that two of her front teeth were broken and some of the' under ones loosened. The child was taken to Dr. Green, who dressed her injuries. The matter was reported to Constable J. J. Kelly, and he docs not anticipate that lie will have any difficulty iu tracing the young offenders. Trk Weathkr.—Yesterday "'as warm, the hoat hein? Mt more severely after the cool change of the Uvo previous days. Eight Hours in- Minks.—A deputation from bhe:A.M.A. waited upon Mr. Burton, the Minister of Mines, yesterday to ask for a rfcplyAipon tKe-'qupstion as to what r'le should be followed in cirr^iifg out the eight hours in mines—Whether THe end of the eight hours should be the time of leaving-the— face or that , the miners should wait for the relief. The previous Minister of-Mines had been seen in reference to the matter, aild lie' had Yeferred it to the Lav department.' 'The Minister said the result was that the'l'aw ollieers held....tlmt at the end of the eight hours .the men had a ^perfect right to cease work. ! Shakspeakiax Rkcitaj..—At. All Saints' IChurch last evening Mr. II. Williams suc ceeded in entei-tainiiig a fair audience. His subject was Henry IV. Ife impersonated the principal characters in the piav, and 'jis interpretation in each case met' with de served appreciation. Scenes from the- five acts of the play were given,' and the reciter displayed general versatility. The scene of the King and Prince Iial was, perhaps, one of the best efforts of the evening. Th.; audience was made up mainly from profes sional circles, aud their plaudits were di& criminatory and indicativ-e ef a knowledge of the play. Mr. Williams's representation of Falstaff. whom he said was a humorist literature cotlid not do without, though uo'judy would emulate him, was excellent. On Friday night Mrs. Williams will appear in the comedy 'As You Like it." The MjLouiiA Kailwat.—Mr. Tavorncr, waited upon the Minister of Rail ways (Mr. W. A. Tremvith) oil Tuesday in order to ascertain what altitude the new Ministry would adopt towards the Mildura .railway, which waa authorised :by ' Parlia ment last session. Mr. Tremvith' said that the Ministry intended to carry out the wishes of Parliament, unci that the change of Minis try would not in any way interfere with the construction of the Mildura line. The Railway Tklkmioxk.—On the occa sion of the recent visit of the Deputy Com missioner of Railways to Beudisro, a pr'.i niise was given to a deputation from the Chamber of Commerce that telephonic co:n !:>uniea.tio:i with the rai'wa-v station would be restored at an .'a-.-ly date. The promir,^ wiil be given effect to to-day, when the ne cessary steps for re-os'iahlisliiiiij the connec tion will be undertaken. Those desirous of comnluuicaiing with the static,:i will moli ablv be able to do so to-day. Police Ohaxcj'.s -To-day a senior-con stable will arrive from Melbourne to fill the vacancy occasioned by the retirement of cx JSenior-constablo . O'Keefe. At present no intimation has been received as to the offi cer who has been selected. A (.'hahge of Lakcexv.—At the C'ity f.'ourt yesterday a yciuig man uamed Jiuncs •Smytho v.'as charged with ihc larceny of some tools, including a pick r.nd shovel, the prnjjorty of Michael Gleeson, contractor, on the night *)f the 23rd October. The evidence ol' Jiicluird Butters and Michael Glceson went to show that the pick and shovel and an axe and some chains wore ]e!'t over nitrht in a yard known as' Freeman's, oil' Darkly Place, and that next monnug tliev wove 'missing. Kenry Micksen, a dealer, in ILigh streci, said ti=;it on the 25th October accused came to !iis place and offered him a. pick and shovel for sale. 'Witness said t'ne article? had been stolen, according to the informa tion of the. police. Accused, however, said he did not steal the pick and shovel, but ob tained them from an acquaintance. PhiincloUics- constabU' Taylor arrested the accused, who made no de fence, but asked to be leniently dealt, with, as it was IS months since he had been before the beucli. He had work to go to at C'hillagoo after Christinas. Sergeant Kilfeder, who conducted the prosecntio.1, put in a. number of previous convictions, and ac cused was sentenced to' throe month's' im prisonment, as ho elected to be summarily deajt. with. Ai.if.oed STAnpiKc.—Yesterday evening nil old woman culled at the Quarry Ifill police station and made, a statement- to the effect that- she had been stabbed by some one:. She [jointed to a wound in the I'aee, which she said was the result of the attack upon her. As Senior-constable Hayes is still incapaci tated from duty, she was adviser! to report the matter to Constable J. J. Kelly. This, however, the, old woman declined to do, stat ing that if she could -not interview Senior constable Hayes she would "go further on." She did not msike any report at the lockup,, nor did she furnish any - statement -to'; the, plainclothes police, so the; assumption • -is • that she decided not, to go on wit-h the-mat ter. .Constable KelLy, wilt--investigate- the woman's statement to-day. but in the mean time he is not inclined to attach much im-. l>ort a.uce to it. Chaxoes Tukough thk Elections.—It is' provided in the Factories and Shops Art passed sonic months ago that there should be an inquiry held by a. Tioval Commission, consisting ol' member:! of Parliament, iu' o: the working.of that. Act, and its effect on trade. In pursuance of thi = provision, a commission was appointed six months'" ago, but-it.-will bo nc-cessary to reconstitute that' body, as Mr. Peacock, who was the <M>.airi:'air ( f the ccmmissii-.n, and Mr. Tremvith.' who' was a member of. that body, have now be come Ministers, -and Messrs. \Y.' :V/MJrimil-. ton, J. M. Cook, and. W; Motile are no'lrinVpr' mem hers of Parliamelitv having 'been defeated at the recent general -election.' v There.will also bo• -two-.vacancies to- be filled'-on' the Country Fire Brigades Hoard,- through Mr. .T. 33. Burton -and. Mr. W.; purr having be come me-mbers .of the Ministry. . Thk Kkv. Haskktt. ■■Smith.—Ry-. our ad vertising ■ columns i'. will lie scon" that uir TU'v. Haskc.tt Smith".' it.A., F.Ii.G.S., the Oriental traveller and lecturer, will deliver n scries (jf lecturer oil various subjects at tin; Town Hall jiexf week. T!ie -subjects will be the Paris Kxhibi1 ion : Damascus, (be Immortal; 'Athens, and the.Tsit-s of Greece; Famous Temples; Goy'.liu and Kitchener; 'Die Myste^v of Egypt- Mr. Smith is an orator with a. world-wide reoutatiVn. Some ni' his lectur'S have been delivered 50!;:; lii'K-s. lie has taken 11 trips up the Niie. II. is not to be woiKle'etl at thai lie com mand; large audiences wherever lie ooes. liy lsu'nre,' ho' is sp-»« ially gifted tt> be a popular lecinrer. "Wi'.h an impesinL' pre sence, rrraeefnl manner, aiul an easy llowino delivery, lie is simply charmi'itr. The mere music of hio voice, apart from the interest ing information he is able to afford, hei'1/4 ■ a treat enjoyed 1ml: sehl.im in a lifetime. Mr. Smith will, no dutibt, obtain overflowim.; houses in the Tawn Hall. l!emli!,'o, for if i there be one (hiii«r Bemliiomians rnjoy, it is musical or intellectual excellence. Presentation- to a Xcuse.—A "plon-sinjc gathering took place at the Nurses' Home at the hospital last evening, when Nurse Ken nedy, who has just passed, the filial examina tion qualifying her as a certificated iuir.se, was presented with a small memento by her fellow nurses at the institution: There'' w;-re upwards oi' 12 members of the nursing stalV present. The .matron. .(Miss Burn), in pre senting Nurso Kennedy with a hypodermic injector and accessories in a handsome ease, and other nursing requisites,-referred to the .satisfactory way in which the guest ha'l al KeiMH\iy bad briefly responded.- light refresh ments were dispensed, and an enjoyable even ing was brought to a close. jflNtxo Mishap.—Alee. M'Tiride, a young man, residing in Ilall-street, Ironbark, ' met with a painful mishap through a fall of stone in the K.K. shaft at the Putted Hust ler's and- liedau mine last- evening. While engaged .in tlie loOOft. level a quantity of loose dirt came-away. from-.above,---a piece of stone st riking him on the head, and allot her causing" a deep gash in his left hand. lie was driveji to 3Dr. .T. M. Kadie's surgeiy, where liis hand wa« dressed. The injury to his head was not of a serious nature. Rkcoverkd.—Mr. .T. Yates, the local sta tion master, who lias been incapacitated through illness for some time past, will re sume duty to-day, having fjiiite recovered. Mr. J. M'Phersoii Malcolm, who lias been re lieving Jlr. Yates, will start upon a fort night's leave of absence. MATHicftATios.—The November examina tions of candidates for matriculation will commence on Monday next, when the lie v. J. C. Johnston, M."A., will superintend its usual. The'examinations will be conducted at the School of Mines. City Coui'.t.—Messrs. T!. B. Anderson and C. Perry, Js.P., presided yesterday. Alfred Morlcy and.' William Richie were charged with illegal!}- liaviug saplings, taken from Crown lands, in their possession. The former .was fined 20/;.: aiid the latter 10/, each hav ing to pay I!/, the value of the timber. An illegal detention case, involving a dispute over a pair of photo, frames, was decided, and the court adjourned. Wallace's Waxwouks.—The various com petitions hold under the .auspices of Wal lace's Waxworks Company continue to at tract large audiences to tlie Masonic Ilall. Entries for ilie t.ug-of-war contest close on Friday, and the draw has been fixed for Mon day next. The contest will take place on Tuesday, "Wednesday and Thursday next. The eight gold and eight silver medals, winch will be given to the first and second teams, may be seen to-day in the window of Mr. Bennett's, jewellery establishment at the Arcade. MiNSTiiEn Entehtatnment.—This evening All Saints' Athletic Club will hold a minstrel entertainment; and athletic display in the school hall. Tho proceeds of the entertain ment, which.'lias been arranged by Mr. J. .Kihder,- will b'o devoted to the piano fund of the school. "Picnic.—Yesterday tlie California Hill Bible Christian Sunday School held their pic nic ill the Botanical Gardens, White Hills. A good-'irtlinber of the children, officers, and teachers jo.uhieyftd\t>y vans in the morning, and later in tlic day--,! number of parents and friends arrived, there being about .'iOO on the ground in the afternoon. The nsital picnic festivities wore indulged in. the superinten dents (Messrs. Eddy and Po'ad), and the "Rev. •T. Wilson being' successful in making tilings go with a good swing. All arrived home ^afc iiu the evening after an enjoyable day. •,The picnic arrangements wore carried out by j tlie .secretaries (Messrs. A. Crowe and IS. iBattcn). t Dkhatint, Socikty —The foiigrcgational (Literary ami Debatim; Society held its 'monthly liiPoi'in^ in tin.' .school-hall, Fore.st 'street, on Mo mlay cwnins; lust, ilic chair being occupied by the L'ev. ,T. V.". Jones. There was ;i lar»o attendance. Two papers were read, one by Miss 0. j!ishop. on tVe life of Sir Walter Scott. and the other by Mr. Qiiin, on a trip to Gabo Island in Die year 1S85 ill a snial1 sailing vessel, ill charge of Captain Andrew Hannah. On their re turn home tiiey were weather hound, ;'iid had to put into Waratah Jj;iy for e. fort night, when the. vessel was reported lost. He slated he would 11 »t care to <*o on the f.aiiio trip again. vote of t.!ia::k-s was; ac corded the writers of the papers. On Tuesday'next at his rnome, Yiew-Hreet, at 3 p.m., Mr. J. H. Curnow will sell a commodious brick and stone family residence and quarter acre of freehold land, situated in Don-street, neai Rowan-street. 