THilE STOItYTE LL At EILY'S CONFESSION.:: ;CHAPTER X[V.-Continued.: ' If I did, I stood in "my .:own wood, ..he says, lookingg down at me, amused. ' If your voice' came;over the water to me, it was neither your fault nor mine , You would adt deny me suchi a ggratificationas that P.' Just that gratification I would .have dqn= ied him. 'I have heard the ballad before,' ho goes on, looking out of the owinidow and not at me. :' And I could have fancied that the same :votie was `singing it:. Miss Des monde, do yoi kniow:whiat:has kept mohere so muchli longer thall. Iat first.: intondd ?' . No,' I ansiverlooking at him curiously. But he does not-tell me. He is still look ing into the sunny quadrangle, liands in .his pockets, a curious melancholy smile on his lips when his cousin calls to himon I ' Roun, do come here for a moment I I do think these are the jHolbein ongravings that' aunt Theodora thought. weret lost or butnt at theo' timeof the fire at .Howglea I I wIonder how they could have got here, for they certainly are the sameo.- She has de scribed them to me hundreds of times.' Mr Liddel knits his brows, but goes back ;: and the result of her discovery is a'; long argu.mcnt' between them as to whom the prints belong. She argues that they tmust' certainly have come from Honglen ;' he maintains thliat possession is nine points of the law. I am sure Lady' Cecil does not . grudge them to him- but the discussion' keeps him beside her, and perhaps away from a dangeroius alien'. I do not think I am a dangerous alion myself, but;; if I can 'read Lidy Cecil's black eyes, that is her opinion of me at this moment.. '?'It is nothinglto me. What: Lady Cecil Pierrepoilt thinks 'of me, be it good bad, or indifferent, troubles me not at all. 'She may already regret having gotten me up'here to Bramble Hall to keep her company, or she may scorn me as utterly as I scorn the attempts of the' white butterfly ':inside the window to foree his. way :out' through' the' Spane of glass. She is Lady Cecil Pierrepont, Rous is her own cousin, and who knows what I may be ? Certaitily she does not, nor does she care. A little girl with fair hair anrid blue eyes, remarkable for nothing, except for looking ridiculously young-of what possible interest 'can I or, my: anteced-: ents be to', her ?; :And yet, when we are alone in the library half an hour, afterwards she subjects me to a' polite cross-examina tion to which I submit rather impatiently, wonde'tiag why she takes so much trouble to find ont'so liitle. But she is so caressingly sweet, so. softly insinuating, that she leaves me nothing more to tell of my simply history before she lets me go. Not that I have, nor want to have, any secrets. The : Desmeadu 'are qtuite as good as the Pierrepents, so far .as antiquity of lineage goes; and, if we are ;'not as rich as we once. weta, I<am not poor enough to be anxiousnto seoutre the patronage: of Lady Cecil Pierrepont., She seems to,think'that not to be rich is a terriblei misfortune,buit- I think ainm quite as huppy as she is, and. I certainly know *iyhat. I would not change places with her if I could:. She is plain and. not very young, to put it as civilly as possible, and I am'. ?young and pretty-would I not be a fool to change places with her for th'e sake- of a fortune, of the advantages of "which I.- ami more than doubtful ? All her money can.. 'not.make her cousin care for hei. For that he does not care for her I am' very sure.: It wouil not take me two days to find out anything so v:ry palpable, ' if I was much' duller than I and whete such things as lovers ;are concerned. Perhahs she gathers some what more of my sentiments on these sub jecrs than she finds quite palatable in the course of her inquiries about other matters, .for I-fancy her manner-is colder to me front this time forward. She also seems to in flnonce Mrs Liddel in some degree,.but the change in her manner to me is not so appar ent it never having been more than distantly polite. Mr Liddel grows kind to muse as they grow cold, or poerhaps the former is the result of the latter effect. But it is kindness of a rat her fitful character, and his words are sometimes so uncertain that I am more than half afraid of him. Sometimes he is gloomy and taciturn, sometimes his face is "as black as thunder,' sometimes a cynical fit pro. ponderates, or a mocking humour, in which he scoffs at everything-faith, hope, and 1vse. "But through it all le has none of the sneering harshness which in Cunrll Greason used to set my teeth on edge- nothing of his tryannical intolerance. Curll Gressen's is a mean nature ; Rous Liddel is -a man whose whole heart and mind and soul have boon warped out-ef their original form- by some great convultion some unnatural shock, some inelez cholly 'upheaval of the bad and sinking of the good in' his nature, some. volcanic agency, which has shattered the first promise of his life and so spoilt:it all fdr ever. So much as tnis I learn; watching him with eyes which have been opened by' some magnetic influence,' eyes which are perhaps only too apt to overlook: any shortcoming in their hero, and yet. which would see -it perhaps sooner than another. I came -to 'stay : till Thursday,. and 'till Thursday Mrs Lidnel most conscientiouely, insists upon keeping me. But I ..ai very glad when the day cdmes when I may ·be permitted to' go back to the. farm r nor do I think I shall ever again be invited to Braui "ble Hall. Lam not particularly sorry to know that this is the case ; nor would I have acted at all differently to secure Lady Cecil's : friend= ship. Of all the inmates of the Hall I like' Mr Liddel best.' If it had not been for him I should have found the old house intoler ably. dull. .And, since it:seems that I must choose between them, I certainly .prefer Mr Liddel's, friendship .to any amount of inivita-; tions to Bramble Hall or , Howglen either.'; Nor have 'I anything. fori which te blainm myself .with regard to : my behaviour. I have conft-ssed.a great many times . already. that I am. a flirt by nature just as certainly as I am 'a Desmonde, bdt, for 'some reason or other I have never' lirted 'with Mr Liddel They-can hardly blame 'mo if he. chooses .to walk with me in the old pleasaunce while we: wait for breakfast-does dbo not. ride with Lady Cecil every afternoon, thbough :. know he hates doing it'? '.?nd if he asks me-to sing for him every 'evenin?g, can he doless than stand neir me and listen while I sing ?', If Mrs Liddel could hear every word lie has ever, said "to me, she would have no need to object to a single one of them-I anm sure Lady Cecil says more sentimental things to him forty times 'a `day He does not make love to mel--he has never spoken 0one woird to Mnie which could 'beari f that r interpretation-but I: know, he likes mf ie;:and 1 know w that I--well;, that I like i him anrd tho" knowledge is enough' to make I an hour seemea ver short time in his com pany. "He looks at me a greatedeal certainly but then one cannot depend upon looks. They may moan so inucli oi they may-mean so little-some men have a trick of looking at one without meaning anything at all. B , t ho is my friend, and it' isi' ssplendid weather, and.I am very young'; and . though I know: I imay - never see him ,again, Sam happy' while I walk '-With liim, while :I Sing to him, while I sit in the dreamy old .rooms, ori oat: on ithe suiny .newly~mown? trirf, and think of him, and my happiness neitheir his mother .ior :Lady Cecil Pierre pont cDan take away. ;Would. youii really :rather 'walk. back to 'the farm, dear ?' Mrs Liddel asks, when. I stand on the torrace stops wishing her good byedon Thursday afternoon. Much .rather,, thank .you' I' aniswer, smiling, and thinking hbow infinitely. pre ferable is a walk throiugh the woodland to a: drive in the fusty old family coach:: Anid so I leave them, standiig in :the sun aliiine of. theJnue afte nooni, Lady Cecil icily cold and feign ing no rgrget, Mrs Liddel with' "a troubled look on -her steirn ragged': face. E In some way :.ori' other:.the':- fashied. of my go ag seems, to have'cued the sorrow'of it?; for, botliladies seem more, or less relieved at i getting rid of m 'But they are not yet.out z of the wood-nor aia I; :At the old trysting tice I t fied Mr Liddeol waitiig: for me.', He-.:: ':has-a apocket-kriife in his hand, and' he has' been idly re-touching the letters of tie word I 'Alice' so.carefully carved on the huge old, ' trunk. : 'May I wvalk with you as far as the river? he asks, and I do not say 'him. 'n'a'y.i" ' Doiwn the forest park- we : alk t:tgether for the 'seiond time, under the leafy canopy, with the mossy carpet-under,out: feet. ':": They will be glad to get you back again -at the farm' hlie says;, after a long silence ands 1 iay-. : Yes, 'I suppose they' will be glad at least, my cousin and Miss Fleming; ' ' You are quite a family party at :Seafield: now. It must be. very pleasant-so many "boilsius'in the house together; :. I'allow thtt it. is very 'pleasant,- with a mental reser.vation. - I Isuppose your cousin Mirs Gresin a is vcrygdy anrid pleasant'? .Sheiu~ed! to-be if I remember-rightly :. :.:...' -Poor rAlice 1I Bat evento this new friend lI will .iiot betrgy otir family skoletor. i *. .And happy?-' ' ?And happy, I answer, with an untruth= fulness scarcely :intentional, but produetive :of so:much misery to myselHand others i` the days that are to come that I shall oxpiate it to thie last hour of my life "':Lam glad :to hear :it,' .hlieiansvers, :but with such emotion that I look up at: him in su?i prise. In his face there is a looek'of paiin almostanger.i., .:.: r' You are such a child, lMr Liddel says, talking moreo,to himsolf thai to me.,::: ' 'iam more than tvwenty,' I answen, not over-pleased. :' Ard you ?: I did not thikyou were more than sixteen.' . ':¶Somotinmes I feel quite old I say,,look bing up at thle great ivygmoiwv branlches a little sadly .I. i ' Whit must you think me? M't' Liddol8 remarks, with.his curious smile.rl:: ":I cannot help laughling. He winces as if I; had struck.him -'.Are you angry with me for laughin~ig ?. I ask, 'growing grave again. .: - I-.:You havo such a winning laugh. It ro i;eminds me -' 'And he stops suddenly. 'No, Ilam'not angry with you for laughing, but you have not' answiered my question yet.' '?I-Ikdow your age exactly-I heard your cousin mention it. \- I am thirty-five, and I have lost ten' years out of my life. Do you think a man could bury away a certain portion of his life and forget it as one forgets the dead. We do notforget the dead.' 'Ah, but our remembrance of them does not trouble us very much,' he rejoins. SI think you never lost anyone you cared about very much.' 'Do you thiuk so P 'Well, I will put it another way. Do 'you think a man could wake up out of a miserable dream and be just the same as though he had rot dreamt it?' ' ' 'As a tale that is told-as a dream when a one awaketh ' 1 quote. I ' If any one buried ten years out of his.life < in a deep, deep grave, do you think any 1 ghlost would rise up to haunt one afterward?' :Mr-Liddel goes on, speaking more to him- 1 ,self t an: to mo. ' We are' not bound to i keep the dead 'wit'i us after tliey.are dead I I. We are not bound to make:.ourilives horrible I -intolerable with,their priseuce'..I It is the instinct` of fife- to hide "away the dead, to cover'it up out ofsight, It is notunnatural to hug it to one's heart, to? gaze:. at it day. mnd" night, to kiss it's :cold lips, to 'fight a biattle'for it with the gravo'?.':i ' It is uonatural.' I say shivering. ' Bot: to. to buiry.it and try.to forget!. I? ' Ah,-to forget I '- hegoes on vehemently. ' That is the dificnulty--the impossibility !. How can one forget:?,? 'How can one part. wi~th the byst, share of one'.s heart,' and be ,the same' as he was before*? '-: Hecan never be the same. SiBat people' forgst,' I siiggest, feeling niry own igmorance too profound .to. offer .more consolation than this. ..:. ` They do; I havo heard it said _ that, ..if we could not forgot, no .human' face' would ever'be seen to smile. Bat some people are unhappily constituted--they .cannot, forget. dad there is the horror of that;resurrection! A. man might thiixkLthe past was :dead.; aid buried and clean out.of his life, ;nd,' when he.least'expected, find :it walking beside him, keeping step' with ,his step,; and haunting him with its reproachful eyes I'. -`.- :. Ghosts `can 'be, oxorcisel,'' I suggest, shaking my head; ' Unless you.have mtour dered that dead past, it will -will' not hauni you If your. conscience is clear,,' you may bury yotir dead out of your:: sight. and go on your way rn peace. ,The curse causeless wilL not come.'. SMy, consc ince is clear,',lihe says, ,lifting his head,aund looking straight before him, withl.eyes whosoe expressiou I. cann'oat: see. B I will bury my past-I will' exorcisee it I SWhy shohld I le a slave to it any longer;?. e This day I will be free of it: I ;:I will forgive, Sand forego it ; .I will dragimy'heart out of its " rtp I: It is not' too late to 'begin: again, at five?and-thlirty,'Misi Desmonde, is it ? ::Toll me now;,.and' I.will abide by ?our decisions ?' SHe. speaks tihe last two senbences in quite ' sdifferent tone fron'the otliers; arid, turn r iiig tonme, looks at me with his old ciurious g smile.: I see no rae in .his faeo of the 'pas Sio: thatIb had iheard in his 'voico ; his cem a plexio'i is too tanned; atid iweatherbeaten'. to change colour: easily. -His eyes still burn w- witi.the fire of 'some profound: excitement; b'.utbeyond this thelere is.. iio hange in his couintenance whichl I cai nee. 'It is.never t6O:i late to fbegin again,' I' iansworeod tiitely. SI see that :lcannot cope with the man's theon hts;, theygare beyond me. His words make me shiver.in the June sunshine. ;"Some intense excitemient has taken i possession of my.own:I?heart. I feel vvaghue'y that some great stake is;at issue- that: ;some conse rqence yet liningig.in the- siirs will result from this" walk in Bramblo wood to-day. I hold the great" bunch of?damask roses in my little cold hand and walk ou ':through the [ shadowy sun-barred vistas .like one in a dreiam.,: All the ciicle of my :life :has nar rowed into this one hour ;'I liavo climbed out of the sunnyj. valley: of childhood, 'and the fiit' cold breath on these heights send a shiver to my:heart, the first. glimpse of, :thea cloudy battlements 1 ave ? to scale' makes me giddy. '-: Yofliave 'ssistd at a. fuieral, Mri :Liddel laiighs, :holding out his hand to me '; 'and now," like soldiers who have buried one` of theiir comrades,"let' u march baiok ,to .the tune,of:` Nothing in life .can;sadden us I :. He takes:'my. hand anid holds it. We li?e come to a standstill'close th the 'river: its soundf::ills all. the silence, perhaps. inter ,pretiag it for us both.L" ',':' ' aInt going away o-,?iorrow,'? he says Sloolkiig doin at me i :.n d~whetherI :ever. come back or not depends eds you. 'Shall I: , comebal ? ' b ? Do come back, I answer et once. r: To you ?.' he asks, with the old smile deepennig into one so much' inoi :.e beatiful that it tra?nsfigiures his whole, face. . I cannot mistake 'his .meaning inow,, and. for one moment 'my heart seems,' to st'and' still. 'Will you. take whatis left oi'f'mlife, and do ?witlh it what .yo.u can ?' .he `asks, bend I ing his head to"look into" my ':tell-tale eyes. r Will.you exo'iise' with that childish smile of yoursn:all.the:ghoststhiat' haunt me, 'and i with yourn brightlfacedo yoiir very: best.: to shut out my:`dark'past~ Will. you take:. a a man fcr your liisaband who thought that his f life was over'and done tenyearn ago, Eileen Desmonde, and teach him to love you better I than anythiing else in this wide world ? :1 will,' I answer ; and, still helding my hand, be bends his head and kisses it. I do mot knew which is tlie most gravely a spoken, the question or the answer ; but' .I 1know the murmer of the rivgr nearly Sdrowns my voice. Then he lets me go; and, leaving him where he stiands, I walk. b: away like one in. a dream. He looks ,after x me for a little, and then turns back: into 'the. Iwood without:a wave'of the hand.: 