TOM OSSI MITON'S GHOST, (3 RICHIIARD MAliSSI). CII'PTER I. "I regret that the circumstances which have brought mie here are of so singular and complicated a charactqr as to prevent my giving you the full explanation to which you may con sider yourself entitled. I am sorry that I should have sought refuge be neath your roof as I own I did; and the more so as I ant compelleod to ask you another favour-permission to leave that refuge by means of the back door." She twirled round on her heels and faced him. "The back door!" "1 presume there is a back door?" "Certainly-only it leads to the front." Again lie bit, his lip. ILis temper did not. sccut to ibe improving. The girl's tone, face, bearing, were instinct with scorn. "is there no rmeains of getting away by thlie ack without returning to the front?" "Only by climbingi a hedge and a fence on to the common." "Perhaps the feat will be within my powers-if you will allow me to try." "Allow you to try! And is it pos sible that you forced your way into the ]lhose on the pretence of seeking les sons in music, whenl youri real motive was to seek an opportunity of evading pursuit by means of the back door?" "'I am aware that the seeming ano maly of nly conduct entitles you to think the worst of me." "Seeming anoiialy!" She laughed contemniptuously. "P'ray, sir, permit me to lead the way--to the back door." She strode oft, wiitil her head in the air; lie came after, with a, brow as black as night. At the back door they paused. "I thank -you for having afforded me shelter, and apologise for having sougtht it:." She looked him up and down, -as if she were endeavouring, by nmere force of visual inspection, to make out what kind of a nman hle was. "I want: to ask your it question. An swer it truthfully, if you can. Is the nmn in front, a. policeman?" lie started with what seemed genu ine surprise. "A policeman! " mood heavens, no." "Are you sure?" "Of course l'in sure. He's very far romn being a- policeman-rather, if anything, the- other .way." What he meant to infer, she did not know; but lie laughed shortly. "What nmakes you ask such a. thing?" She was holding the door open in her hand. ;Ile -had. crossed the threshold anld stood without. Malice-anti some thlling else-gleamed in her eyes. "Because," she answered, "I wonder ed if you were a. thief." With that she slammed tIe door in his face and turned the key. Then, slipping into the kitchen which was on her left, keeping the door on the jar, remaining well in the shadows she watched his proceedings through the window. For, a moment, he stayed where shel had left him standing, as if rooted to the spot. Then, with an exaggerated courtesy, taking oil' his hat, he bowed to the door. Turning, he marched down the garden path, his tall figure seeming more gigantic than ever as she noted how straight he held himself. In a' twinkling he was over the fence and hedge. Once on the other side, he shook his fist, at Clover Cottage. The. watcher in tihe kitchen dlenehed her teeth as she perceived tihe gesture. "Utgrateful creature! And to think l:hat a man who has the very ,pirit of music in his soul, and who plays the piano" like an aalgel, should be such a wretch! That a monster seven feet higih,- who looks like a colmbination of Samson andt Goliatlh rolled into one. should lie such-a coward and a cur afraid of a pigmy five foot thigh! I hope I've seen the last of him. If I have any more such pupils I shall have to shut up shop. Now perhaps I shall be allowed to post- my MS. and run across to Brown's -to get a chop for Ella's, .tea." With thatt she passed from the back to the front. Outside the front door she paused to look around her and take her bearings, half doubtful as to whether any more :dubious strangers nmiglhtnot be in sight. The only person to be seen was the man '?lose presence had proved so disconcerting- to her ,recent visitor. I-e had reached tme corner of the street, and, turning. .strolled slowly back towards Clover Cottage. IHe gave one quick shifty glance at her as she camlne out, bunt beyond that lie took-or tippeared:,to .take-uno notice of her ap peairance. "Now, I wonder," se shaid to herself, "wnho you may be. Your friend, who, for- all I know, is now running for his life across the conmnon, said you were no policeman-and, I am bound to say, you donlt look as if you were; he ad ded that.,;if anything, you were rather the otherw}ay. 11t, by that, he meant you were-a thief, I'm free to admit you look your prccfession to the life. I wonder if :it. wouli be -safe to run across to 1rown's while you're about: \- not-that.:in'm.afraid of ?ou, as I'll prove to your entire natisfachtion if you' only let mel'have the' chance. Only you seem toube one of those agreeable crea tlures who, if they are only -sure that a house is empty, anitthiere's-out even a girl inside, can enact to perfection the part of area -sneak; and neither Ella nor I wish to lose aniy of the ,fcw pos sessions x\vidohe-e:hba-vo' While she -hesitated a curious scene took place-.a seem: in whifch the gen tileman on the Iprowl plaed alleading role. The road in lwhich Clover Cottage stood was bisected on"the right and left by other streets, wittain :a huntired yards of the house itself. On reaching the corner of.tloe.street on ,the left. le gentleman on tme prowl, as we have seen, had performed ;a rigL.t-aboxt fice, and returned to the cottage. As hle advanced, a woman came round the corner of the street, upon the right. ITe saw her the insa?nst sh? :Appeared, and the sight had on himn an astonish ing effect. He stopped, as if petrified; stared, as if the eyes were starting from rhis fhead;, gave a great gasp; turned; tore otf like a hutnted aninma; dnhled round the curner on the left; and vanished out of sight. Having ad vanced to within a few feet of where Dadge was standing, she ,rias a close spectator of his singular behaviour. As she looked to see what had been the exciting cause, half expecting that .her recent visitor had conime back and that the tables had been turned, and the gentleman on the prowl had played the co\ward in tis tarn, the woman who lair comne rouand thle other corner had al ready reached the cottage. Pluslhing the. gate unceremonioasly open, she strode straight past Madge, and, with out a. with-your-leave or by-your-leave, marcheid through the open door into the hall beyond. As Mladge eyed her with mingled surplise and indignation she exclaim ed. with what seemed unnecessary fe rocity "I've conie to see the ]house." CIIAPTERI II. 'ITIElIEt'S A CONSCIENCE! htidge had been taken so wholly nn :a\warcs tha.t for a linioment she remain ed stock-still-and voiceless. 'Then she foilowed the wonmsn to the door. "You have come to do whalt?" "I've come to see tihe house." "And pr'ay who are you?" "What affair is that of yours? )Dozi't I tell you I've come to see the house ?" "Isut . don't understand you. What do you znzean by saying you've come to see the house?" For only ansu:er the woman, turning helr back on her, walked another step or two along the little passage. She excliimed, as if addressing the stair case, 'which was in front of her, in what seemed loa tone of intense emo tion- "IIow hiis presence, is in all the place. HIow he fills the air!" ;Madge felt more bewildered than she would have cared to admit. Was the wonan mad? Mad or sane, she re solved that she would not submit tame ly to such another irruption as the last. She laid liaer hand upon the wo man's shoulder. "WilJ you he so good as to tell me, at once, to wlhoma I have the pleasure of speaking. and what business has brought you here?" The woiman turned and looked at her; as she did so, Madge was con scious of a curious sense of discomifort. She wals of medlium height, slender build, amnd apparently between forty and fifty years of age. Hler attire was not only shabby, it was tawdry to the last degree. lHer garments were a heterogeneous lot; one might safely swear they had none of them been made for the wearer One and all were shocking examples of outworn finery The black chip lhat whlich she wore perched on her head, with an in deseribable sort of would-be jaunti ness, was broken at the brim, and the one-time gorgeous ostrich feathers were crushed and soiled. A once well cut cape of erstwi-hile darrk lblue cloth was about her shoulders. It was faded, stained, and creased. 'iThe fur which had been used to adorn the edges was bare and rusty. It had been lined with silk- as she moved her arms one per ceived that. of the lining there was no thing left Ibut rags and tatters. Her dress, once the latest fashionable freak ini some light-h3ued flimsy silk. had long since been fit for .nothing else than cutting into dusters. She wore ancienst patent-leather shoes upon her feet, and equally ancient gloves upon her hands-the bare flesh show ing through holes in every finger. If lier costume was-strange, her face w.as stranger. It was the face of a woman who had once been beautiful how long ago, no one who tfhanced oin her halpla-zad could -with any certain ty have guessed. It might have been five, ten, fifteen, twenty years ago and more than tlhat-since hers had been a cunntenanee nilich charmed ec\en a casual beholder. It. was the face of zu wozmzan who had been weak or wiceked, and maybe both, and who in consequence had been bandied from pidlar to post, till this was all that there was left of her. Her big blue eyes were deep set in careworn cav erns; dher mouth, whi~dl had Once been. small and dainty, amss now blurred alzd pendulous, the mouth of a- woman swho drank; herz cheeks were sunk and hollow\ as if she ihad lost every tr:oth in lier hend, the cheek-bones gleamine thiuixgh the y-ellow slin in sharp and cruel ridges. To crew-n:it. all. her hair was 'dyed-a vivid yellow. Like all the rest -of her, the dye was sold and worn. It stood iin urgent need of a. renewal. The roots were grey, t?hŽy demonstrm ted ltheir greyness with -savage osten tation. Hlere and there among the yellow there swere grey patches too in some queer way- her a.ttenapt at juvenesence hand nmde her look older e\ven tzhan she was. This was not a. pleasant -fate to have encountered anywhere at any time, being the sort front whlich -good women instineti\ely shrink back. Just now its nupleasantness was intensified by the fact that it smis lit up by3 some, to tMadge, inscrutable- emotion; inflamed by some masterizu, excitement. The hollow 'eyes gleamed as if they were lighted by the inner, fires; tile lips twitched as if the muscles whlioh work ed thesi were uncontrollable. The wo man' spoke in short, sharp, alugry gusts, as if she were stumbling on the verge of wrnzied passion. "This house is mine," she said. "YIou rs ?" "ft was his, and mine--and afnow it's mine." Madge,. gersuaded that the -nomns must be eihtler mad or drunk, fetl that perhaps calmness might be hler sifest ,veapon. "Do you ma?en that :you're the ,and ledy?" "The, landllay!" The woman laugh ed--unmirthflflly. "There is no land lady. And the 3andlord--she's a ghost. IhT':s in it now--,don't yeu feel that he is is it?" She spoke witb. such-suingular infden sity that, in spite of herself, Madge shuddered. She was feeling more and more uncomfortable-wishing heartily that some one miglht come, if it was only the mysterious stranger who had previously intruded. l'he woman went on-lier excite ment seeming to grow with every word she uttered. "The house is full of ghosts-full! They're in every corner, every nook maid eranny--and I know them every one. Come ihere-I'll show you some of them." She caught. the girl by the arm. Madge, yielding to her strange frenzy, suffered herself to be led into the sitting-room. Once inside, the woman loosed her hold. She looked about her. Thien crossed to the fireplace, standing in the centre of the hearth-rug. "This is were 1 struck him." She pointed just in front of her. "He was sitting there. I had mslked him for soime money- lie would not let me have iany. IToe always clung to his money-alvays! I swear it-always!" She raised her hands, as if appealing to the ceiling to bear her witness. "He said that I was ruining him. Ruiining him? bal! I knew better than that. He would let no one ruin him --lhe was not of that kind. I told him I must have money. HIe said he'd given me five pounds last week. 'Five pounds!' I cried; 'what are five pounds?' Then we quarrelled-he said things, I said things. Then I flew into a rage; my temper has been the curse of my whole life. I caught up a decanter of whisky which was on the tabule, and strucek him with it on the headl. The bottle broke, tlhe whisky went all over hinm--how it smelt! Can't you smell it?-and he went tumbling down, down on to the floor. He's lying there nlow-can't you see lihi lying there?" She turned to iMadge with a gesture which seemed to make the girl's blood run colder. "Can't you sec the ghost'?" She movcd a. little to one side. "Just here is where I knelt down, and asked thim to forgive me. That was after--T'd been carrying on with some fellow I'd met at a dance, and he had found me out. I cried and cried as if my heart would break, and at last he came and put his hand put his hand pon my head-when I set myself to do it, and stuck at it, I could twist him round my tinger!-and he began to stroke my hnlir--'d lovely hair then, go woman ever had lovelier, and he was always one to stroke it when I'd let him! and he said, 'My girl, how often shall I have to forgive yon?' Listen! Can't you hear him saying it now? Can't you see the ghost?" She went to where the modest side board stood. "This is where we had our sideboard too-it was a bigger one than this; all our things were good. I was standing here. leaning against 'it just like this, the first time. he saw me drunk. He'd been out all the evening on some sort of business, and I'd been left in the house alone with the girl, and I hadn't liked it. and I'd been sulking. And at last I got to the whisky and I start ed to drink, drink, diink. I always and bIeen fond of drink long before that, hut I'd never let him find it out. But that time I was that suilky I didn't seem to care, and lby the time I might have cared T couldn't care-I was too far gone. I had to keep on drinking. There wasn't much in the bottle: when I got to the end of it I started on another. Then I got to the sideboard, and stood leiding over it, lolly 'fashion, booze, booze, boozing. All of a sudden the door opened, anad he came into the room. 1 turned to have a look at him, the 'bottle in, one band and the glass in the other. Di rectly I got clear of the sideboard I went, flop on the floor, and the bottle and the glass 'went with me, ani there I had to lie. He rushed to wards me, and as soon as he had had a look at me he saw 'how it was. Then he fell on his knees at my side, and put thii hands up to his face, and began to cry. My God, how lhe did cry!-n-ot like me. His sobs seemed tearing him to pieces, and his life's blood seemed coming from him with every tear. Drunk as I was, it made, me cry to hear him. Listen! 'Can't you hear him crying now? Can't you see the ghost?" The woman's words and manner were so realistic, and despite-or per haps because of-her seeming frenzy, she had suth an eerie capacity of con juring up the picture as her memory lainted it. that Madge listened spell bound. She was as incapable of inter rupting the other's flow of language as if the conscience haunted wretch had east on her some strange enchantment. The sea of visions went to the. table, and, bending over it, beckoned to Madge to draw closer. As if she found the 'invitation irresistible, Madge ap proached. The woman's outstretchedi finger pointed to a. particular place about the centre of one side of the table. tier excitement all at once sub sidel; her voice grew softer. Tier manner became, more human, more womanly. "See!-this is where my little baby died--my little child-the only one I ever had. It was a girl; we called.it 'Lily-my name's Lily"-she glanced up with a grin, as if conscious of how grotesquely inappropriate, in her dase, such a name was now; ""it was such a little thing-I didn't want it when it came. I never was fond of children, and I wasn't one to play the mother. iBut, when ,it did come, it got hold of me somehow-yes, it did! it did! I w:as fond of it, in my way. As for hinl, he. worshipped it; it was baby, baby, baby! all the time. I was nowhere. It matie ine wild to hear him, and to see the way that he went on. TWe ieli out because I would have it brought.up by hand. He wanted me to let it have my milk-but I wouldn't have it. I wasn't going to be any baby's slave not likely! I don't think he ever for gave me that. Then lie was always at me because he said I neglected it; and 'that made me worse than ever: I wasn't going to have a crying brat thrust down my throat at every turn, and so I told him. 'Why isn't there a, place in which they bring up babies so that they needn't worry their mo thers'' I wanted to know. XVhen I said that, Ihow lie did look at me, and i:ow lie went on! I thought lie would lave killed me-but. I didn't care. liHe did his share of all the nursing that baby ever had-and perhaps a little more." Again the woman laughed. (To be ContinuedL) 