OUE STORY. A STRANGE STORY. (From the Catholic Fireside.) ( Continued .) Lord Homfray was much annoyed. He had often heard of the Homfray ghost, but placed no credence what ever in the story, and his only anxiety was to keep the affair, a secret from his wife. He was rather disgusted, therefore, when he heard from her that Edith had been talking about it. " You don't believe it, darlings do you?" he asked anxiously. " It is rather quiet here, you see, for the servants, and they, must have excite ment, so they got up -this scare. A year or two ago they were crazy . about burglars, and I had all this electric apparatus fitted, but, of course, no burglars ever turned up. I wonder what I can do to reassure them." " It may be one of the servants playing a practical joke on the others," suggested Edith. " Possibly," said Lord Homfray, " but just let me catch the culprit and I assure you I will make it hot for him or her." Lord Homfray was a man of action. He meant to sift this affair to the bottom, so after allowing a short .< time to elapse he one night took up his station in the haunted corridor. It. was a glorious night and the moonlight shone in through the old- fashioned window, making a curiously chequered pattern upon the soft velvet-pile carpet. For some time he paced up and down in the still solitude, until at length he felt weary and threw him self on a lounge to rest. He started up and rubbed his eyes. " Dear me," he thought, " it is getting cold. What a fool I am to stay here on this wild-goose chase ! I think I shall be off to bed." He stood up and yawned, but be fore he had time to close his mouth it was fixed in open amazement. His eyes nearly started from his head, his hair stood on end, and a clammy perspiration broke out upon his brow, for there, advancing towards him,' was the figure in white— the ghost ! But the shock was only momentary. He pulled himself together, deter mined to unravel this mystery. A few strides brought him vis-a-vis with the ghost. .And then his astonish ment was if anything greater than before — it was his wife, she was walk- in her sleep ! In her hand she held a piece of blue paper, a semi- official looking docu ment, which recalled vividly to his mi nd an incident that had happened shortly after his marriage, and of which he had taken little heed at the time. Cecile had gone to get ready for a drive, and as' she seemed to be a very long time away Lord Homfray had gone in search of her. As he entered the room, she started, and crushing up a blue paper in her hand had tried to thrust it. quickly into her pocket. " You quite startled me, Edward," she said, as the blush which had risen quickly to her face vanished and gave place to a deathly pallor. " I beg your pardon," he answered. " Are you ready ? What a long time it takes you women to dress. Maz- eppa is not a patient animal and has been waiting some time." " Yes, I am ready. I am sorry to have kept you waiting ; I was look ing for something," Cecile replied, and her usual colour began to steal . once more into her cheeks. They had a most exhilarating drive and Lord Homfray did not again think of the blue paper until he saw it now in his wife's hand. He was puzzled- and hurt about it. " Evidently," he thought, " she is in some distress about this blue paper, and whatever it is, it is preying upon her mind. Why does she not take me into her confidence ?" He stood back and allowed Cecile to pass. " How beautiful she looks," he men tally exclaimed as he watched the slim girlish figure go up the corridor. Her golden hair hung in profusion over her white dressing gown which was caught in round the waist by a. pale blue girdle and was not other wise fastened. Her small, shapely feet were bare and sank deeply into- the soft carpet. On reaching the end of the corridor she tried to open a door but failing to do so turned and made her way back to her own room.. Her husband followed her and saw her lock the paper up in a small escritore. Sleep had forsaken his eyes for this night at all events, so he went down to the smoking-room to have a cigar, and try what its sopor ific qualities would do for him. The next morning both Lord Homfray and Cecile appeared at breakfast looking tired and heavy- eyed. Edith who had been up early, and had gathered and arranged the chrysanthemums and autumn leaves which appeared on the table, was as gay as a lark and fresh as a rose. " You look charming, Edith," smiled Lord Homfray who was pleased for Cecile's sake to see her enjoying herself so thoroughly and yet' so simply. " I am sorry I cannot return the compliment,"' Edith replied, " Why you and Cecy look like a pair of ghosts. You don't believe in the old proverb about early to bed and early . to rise, I perceive. Why, it must have been four o'clock when you went to bed this morning, Edward." "About that," Lord Homfay said good hutnouredly, and with difficulty repressed an inclination to yawn. "How very foolish of you dear," said Cecile with some surprise and concern. " You will ruin your health if you keep such late hours." " And you will certainly meet that wonderful ghost who is going' about just now predicting your being cut off froni the land of the living. I shall "begin to believe in it. I really think if you continue to look as you are looking at present that you both mean to pop off together." Lord Homfray laughed heartily. Then he said : " I met that ghost last night." "You did? Really, Edward?" Both sisters almost jumped at him. " Yes it is a fact — in the Vandyke corridor." " And what was it like ? Oh, you , are joking, how unkind of you," Edith exclaimed, relapsing into scepticism. "I am not joking. It was the figure of a lady, was dressed in white with a blue girdle, and was the happy or perhaps unhappy, possessor of a tremenduous amount of golden hair." " Do you mean it ?" the sisters asked again. "I do indeed, and I - went close enough to touch it, and what do you think — it turned out to be Cecile here walking in her sleep.!' " Well," cried Edith disappoint edly, " I consider that a barefaced fraud. Then there is no romance or anything of that kind about it ? What has become of your family ghost, Edward?" - " Oh, that is a myth ; I told you so from the beginning, but you would insist upon investing the yarn with a supernatural halo." " How horribly commonplace. I am so disappointed." "Don't despair, Edith," Lord Homfray said with a bantering laugh. " 1 should think Captain Everest would be able to accommodate you at the Grange. It is a much more likely place for ghosts than Homfray is; there is a moat and the remains of a drawbridge, the scene of many a murderous fight in what they call the good old days. Why, I should think .ghosts would abound over there. Edith blushed a little at the men tion of Captain Everest, but said no more about ghosts. " 111 take the dogs out," she said after breakfast," and leave you, Edward, to give Ceqy a good scolding she deserves for trying to pass herself off on us as a phantom of the night." She went out singing " A little bit of string." Cecile seemed disturbed. She had mot known that she was given to somnambulism. She sat down on a "broad window- seat and, looking out over the park, tried to make some remarks about the beauty of the leaves in their changing colours. Edward was looking serious. He, too, was gazing out across the country and, deep in his own reflections, answered her in monosyllables. Cecile got up and came over to him. " Are you annoyed at something," she asked. He looked down at . her face and could not help remarking that all its happy youthfulness seemed to be departing. "Yes, I am," he said brusquely, but the lovelight in his eyes belied his words. " Not with me," she said cares singly, resting her golden head upon his arm. "Yes, with you, little woman," he replied, putting his arm around her and lifting her into the lounge. He sat down beside herv His big blue eyes looked at her so kindly that the small quiver of her lip went no further. " Now, you know that I ain a per fect ogre, don't you," he began. " You know that I hate you, and that at is a supreme pleasure to me to see you making yourself unhappy. In fact, you know that if you could not make yourself unhappy enough I would step forward and see how well I should succeed in furthering that much-to-be-desired end. You know that I would not give you as much _ 11 as—— — But here a soft, white hand was placed over his mouth, and when he removed it two arms went round his neck, and he was so crushed up that he could not continue. He did not dislike it, but still he said: " Let me . g" And Cecile cried out : ? " Oh, no, Edward, not if you are going to talk like that. I know you love me and would do anything for me. Why are you speaking so foolishly ?" " For this reason," he answered, getting free again and holding both Cecile's hands imprisoned in his; " You cannot think I love you or you would have more confidence in me." He looked at her steadfastly. " Why, Edward, what do you want me to tell you ?" she asked feebly, but her face paled and she trembled a little. " I want to know about that blue paper you held in your hand last night. There is some mystery about it, and you are making yourself ill and unhappy over it. Why can you not trust me, darling ?" To be Concluded.) A Disastrous Fire. — St. Bren dan's Catholic Church, Shepparton, was destroyed by fire on Monday morning, January 29. The building was insured in the United Insurance Company for "800 but- the damage is estimated at "1,100. Progress in New Zealand.— There is a decided increase in the quantity and value of dairy produce and meat exported from New Zea land. The value of the exports for December were: — Butter, "122,349 ; cheese, "22,664 ; frozen beef, "27879 ; frozen mutton, /"104, 509 ; lamb, 8,014. For the nine months end ing December, the value of cheese, butter, beef, and mutton was greater than for the preceding 12 months. The increase in beef is particularly notice able, the value for nine months being "163,396, against 102,512 for the preceding 12 months. Fruits of Dirt. — When a place is infested by rats, mice, and cock roaches it will generally be found the inmates are dirty and careless in their habits and ways' of living. Where dogs and cats are made pets of and allowed every liberty, fed anywhere, and even permitted the unwholesome habit of sleeping in bedrooms, sooner or later that house will become alive with pests. It has been pointed out over and over again in medical journals that animals, especially cats, are responsible for the dissemination of many diseases, and unless kept in their proper place are a source of danger instead of being a protection to households. Surprise - Party and Presenta tion at Highgate Hill. — On Wednesday evening, 14th instant, about 50 persons of the Sacred Heart choir and their friends met at the corner of Mary-street, and marched to Mr. G. Mitchell's residence, where refreshments had been amply pro vided by the ladies and gentlemen to give Mr. W. McCartney a suprise party and presentation before his departure for the Nor- West. The presentation took the form of a very neat address, accompanied with a choice gold medal, inscribed on the back " as a token of esteem froni the many friends of Highgate Hill," and on the face containing Mr. W. McCartney's monogram. The toasts of Mr. W. McCartney, the ladies, and Mr. and Mrs. Mitchell (the latter for the generous welcome of those present) were rendered in musical honours respectively, and the follow ing gave speeches ; Messrs. W. Kelly, W. McCartney, A. R. Taylor, Glen- non, W. T. Russell, D. C. Holt, Gladstone, and Walsh. Dancing became the order of the night with interludes of songs and recitations, in which Mr. H. G'leeson, who has just arrived from Victoria, displayed great talent. The party did not break up until 2.30 a.m. 