f YOUNG PEOPLE. SOLDIERS OF THE PEN"! Tuesday, July .24:. DISPATCH BAG. \- ' _ Willow Grove, Merriton, July 2. Dear General-The cards came safely. I do wish -someone would think .of a sensible subject- to write about. How would "Some of our holidays aid outings" do? I think that some of the comrades could write very interesting letters on this sub ject, though perhaps someone else will think of a better one. Our letters are read by many of our riders, and; they like to see sornething worth read ing.' The column was started for. our improve ment, and I think , thai, we ongfrt to try_ to im prove, ourselves. We can do this and still have plenty -I am. &c.;,- v . . H. W1MCEST ilAESHAIiL. . . Pine Grove, July XI. . Dear Genial-Some time has elapsed since I last wrote to you. I am surprised at the way in which the * 'fair sex" are being abused by the ''sterner sex," but on this subject enough has Deen said. am, SC., M. JIARRON, ; Esk Bank, near Straihalbyn, July 9 Dear General-I received my enrolment card ell safe. I am of the same opinion as J. Noonan about eating a dinner cooked by a man. Jack Russell's letter was very nice. I would like to meet George Khcdes with half a. dozen birds de corated upon my hat and a high collar and tie, which I would do if I thought I were going to see him. K. Russell must writhe under the lash of his critics. Eileen Smith's letter -was the most interesting in the column. I quite agree with iier. PHEEMIE GRIFFIN. i , » : Maitland, July 9. Dear General-I have just finished reading 'lady Audley's Secret" and ''The Old Home stead," by Miss Braddon. I have started to read "Henry Dunbar," by the.same author, and at pre sent am very interested in it. Ethel Smith says she is surprised at my speaking in the manner I did of our sex, but she musn't be surprised at anything nowadays. But as for being conceited, well, I'll leave that for her to find out. I am not very fond of feathers and furs, but George Rhodes seems to forget that mostly every part of clothing he wears was at one time or other some portion of a living animal. Alice Grant Rosman writes a splendid letter. I wonder what what has become of some of the old soldiers ? - I am, &c.;, MARGARET AGATHA COFFEY. Hughes Gap, July. o. Dear General-We haye had splendid rains, and Beetaloo Reservoir has caught a good supply-? I live about six and a half miles from Beetaloo. FRANK G. BARTRUM:' CuEramuIka, July 6. Dear General-Miss M. A. Coffey said in one o£ her letters that for every conceited boy you will find two conceited girls. , I also know a boy who takes out Ms pocket handker chief and nibs the dust off his boots. I sup pose M. A. Coffey does . not call that conceit. G.R. is right about girls wearing birds' feathers in their bats. I think it looks dreadful. «'G.K. .seems to be a very kind-hearted boy. I have read s. good few books. E. P. Rowe's books are all ?rery nice. I think his books are the best I have ever read. I also like Wilson's books. I eee a lot o£ your soldiers have read "Uncle ffom's Cabin," and I think everyone ought to read it; Please enlist me. -I am, &c.;, AIMEE FITZALAN. Curramulka, July 2. Dear General-I like Masters G. Rhodes and 'Allan Sinclair's letters. I agree with G. Rhodes that girls shouldn't -wear feathers and -wings >11 their hats. I don't see why giris shouldn't wear collars and ties if they wish, as well as boys. I think Master Nelson Wood- should keep on writing poetry, as his first attempt "The Modem Girl," .was such a success. If I was , as clever as Master - Wood I would give my opinion of "Hie Modem Boy," who is ten' times more conceited than the girl. I have read a great many books, includ1 ihg "East Lynne," "The Luck of the'House," ."Near to Nature's Heart," "The Day of Fate." ifec. -I am, &c;, . ' CINDERELLA 1KJSGUOVE. . ' Mount Barker, July 7. Dear General-Qxnte a. lot has been said about the wearing' of birds' feathers in girls' hats. I quite agree with the comrade Who says it was the chief'-wiio wore feathers, and not the poor old squaws. And I, too, would like to know if the pillow of that fault-finding- soldier is a feather or a flock one. I notice that quite a number of -"The Soldiers of tie Pen" have a great habit of Btating Home of their favorite books read, and then ending up by saying, "And othergvtoo- nume rous to mention." It seems to me that it is a kind of monkey habit, of one copying from an other. The Transvaal war appears to have taken a.back seat since the trouble in Carina. I won der, after all the Powers have' stepped' in, and China is defeated who will have China? Some times in thinking it over, I find myself coming to the conclusion, that England and America, will have it. And then, upon second thoughts; Russia will not stand by, and be contented merely with a growl. Or will they all turn to, and fight with each other? I would like to know what some of my comrades think about it. Surely Master E. Bates and Rex Russell have given the matter a thought. But perhaps they are wondering in What manner the soldiers speak, how they, act, and ?what they wear. I wonder what that tender hearted comrade thinks of the Russians wearing furs? I would also like to know what he would do if a bear were to stick him up, and put up his props. ? Would his tender feelings let him loll it? Or would- his loving nature sooner let him be hugged to- death? I am, &c.;, MAUD LOVEDAY SITAD. 15, Mercy-street, off Grote-streei, July 9. Dear General-I wish to enlist, as I take great interest in j thank the chief defenders of our sex, namely, Com tadies Flint, Golding, Xoonan, and Sinclair. I, too, think it a good idea to wear a badge with a pen worked in silk on your arm. R.R. says thai women should go and fight-perhaps they would if all men were .cowards. Please find one penny stamp for membership card. I was born on. Mav. a, 1886. ESSIE M. 1I00EE-. : llerriton, July 9. Dear General-It is some time since I wrote to you, bo I thought I would write again. Wp have had some nice rain, and the erops are looking very ?well. It will be a grand day when peace is pro claimed. I expect there will be crowds o£ people in .AdcJ&iGe; on the day of the demonstration. -I am, &c.3; ALBERT MARSHALL. Hoyleton, July 8. Dear General-I have been reading the letters of the Soldiers of the. Pen.1 Some of them are very amusing. I am sending Id. for a membership icard, ana 1/ for the Famine Fund.1 -I am. &*L.\ 1 FLORRIR WWIWATOT. ' Una Villa, Wepowie, July 9. Dear General-My sisters and 1 have read your soldiers' letters for a long time, and look for ward to therm, every week. I think some of the letters are very interesting-. . I am very.fond- of 'reading, and have read a lot of hooks. ' 1 am now "leading "Holden with the Cords.'' It is very Bice. I saAV a piece of poetry in "The Chronicle, June 30. cm hied ' V. oms i n-iui na'r at home," ."'and. I thought if.some of the soldiers read it they would not he so hard on women" and girls as they now are. I'hope Harold Taylor will write again soon, and let us.know how he gets on at college. He seems to be a favorite with most of the soldiers. Your, army is increasing rapidly. You. will soon have 1,000 members. Your Indian Famine Fund is growing each week.,, Sly little sister Ethel has collected 12/10, which I enclose. and one penny stamp - for membershfD card - -I am, I &c.;, Streaky, Bay, July b. Dear General-I think P.H.P.'s suggestion of a badge for the soldiers to wear a capital one, also another idea of a story to he written - by our army. In looking back through old- papers X find several soldiers who tried1 to go to the war. I, too, some months ago, when the I.B.C. were forming,. offered_ myself for active service. '. Where is J. Noonan? -I am, &c.;, HAROLD TREMAINE. P.S.-2/ for I.F. Fund. . Poetry next time. . Oarramulka, July 10. . Dear General-Please enrol me as a Soldier of the Pen. I was born 3Cay, 1SS6. I read your letters every week with'great interest. I think your column more interesting since criticism began. Some of your soldiers say they have favorites, but I have none. I think one letter is as good as an .other. I advise R. Russell to leave the eirls alone, he says a bit too much about them. There ,5a another girl about here who said she was going to Jean your army, but I have not seen her letter in print yet. I enclose a Dennv for card. BLANCHE WAT. Dear General-I thought I would tell you about Eome funny boys. My grandmother told' us that on£ of our circles, when a little boy, was caught one night galloping through hia prayers. They propped to listen, and lie said them 14 times, ?mien asked why, be said, "Oh. it was too much bodder to say them every night." Grandmother eaid that she didn't know -whether the little sea. side boy, who bid' the Lord "good-bye for a fort might, because they were going into the country." beat my uncle or net. My little brother said the other evening "God couldn't see him 'fru de roof,' " 'When we told1 him yes, he sakffte would pnt a lot of seaweed1 in the ceiling, then He ccrnldnt A lady -staying at our house recently told us of a boy of . hers who hated shining his boots and; going- to school as well, and he said if they would only start a self-denial month 'for the patriotic fund! he would give' up blacking. ' A younger brother, ecjually averse to washing his face and hands, said, "Bob's was a brilliant- idea, and be would give up soap." The first one goes to a Catholic school, so he gets all the saints' days aa wen as the usual public holidays, "and1 he was awfully sorry there had been so few saints in the world. When he reckoned up and found St. Patrick's Day this year fell on a Saturday, he was disgusted because "That was on his list and had been missed." That's all about boys, so I will tell you about two fuimy men. Two Irishmen ?were travelling in a wilderness. They were very hungry, when they came upon a hut, where they fmrmT a pigeon pie. I don't know who made it. They agreed that whoever dreamed tie best should have the pie. In the morning one said he dreamed that the angels took liim up to heaven. "Begorra, and I dreamed," said the second, "that I saw you going", so I ate the pie." -I am, &c.;, I HJfflfRY GEORGE DUN.7EY. Kent Town, Jnly 16. Dear General-Girls may have their faults we all know, but never, no never, have we found one of the weaker sex "tongue tied." They can boast of the flexibility and grease-lightning speed of this indispensable organ without fear cd contradiction. Edison, the electrical genius, whose talking ma chines, kc., have held the civilised world spell bound, has only accomplished a mere ghost o£ the natural feminine voice in all its glory. Ma chinery has never been invented that could imi tate their feminine voice at the "feminine speed." ^Vhy, it stands to reason, that if the operator in charge dared to put on the necessary power, the whole concern would fly. to pieces, however strong lyconstructed, therefore it has never been truly imitated, and never will be. The tongue is with out the slightest doubt, "woman's greatest wea pon." It will do anything, from sampling but ter to killing Kruger. The soldier's suggestion o£ a Soldier "of the Pen badge is very good, and it will tie a step in the right directions I am sure all the army will approve of the notion. -I NELSON WOOD. World's End, July 14. Dear General-Hay I, too, be initiated into your ever-increasing army? My ideal of a soldier is: One who never turned his back, But marched breast forward; Never doubted clouds would break, Never dreamed, though right were worsted, 1 Wrong would triumph. Held we fall, to rise, are baffled to fight better, Sleep to wake. Rally, soldiers, and let us one and all write some thing which we will not blush to see in print, something that will help us to realise that life is too short to be wasted. The best way to correct the 'faults in others ia to abstain from committing them ourselves. Keep your own life clean, and, your- influence in the world will not be for naught. Be good,' sweet maid, and let who would be clever; Do noble deeds, not dream them all day long, And so make life, death, and that vast forever^ One grand, sweet song. My favorite authors are E. P. Roe, E. 'Wetherell, Maud Jean Franc, Annie S. Swan, Harriet Beecher Stowe, C. _ JI. Sheldon, and Silas Hocking. Garleton, in "Queechy," Linden, in "Say and Seal," both by E. Wetherell, are high types of true manhood. "Honor Roe," in a book entitled "Honor," by Elizabeth Alford, is a noble sketch of sweet womanhood, a rara avis of the nineteenth century. These are the books that leave behind an inspiration for better things, that make us feel that life is*real and worth the living. If we would only build for ourselves characters like these, ?wfcose influence will 'he felt long after we have passed away! And what better'monument could we hare? A bad book is a disgrace to all who handle it, from the author- to the reader. I defy anyone to prove me wrong in making this state ment. ' Life '"has only one ideal, 'Tis to know that life is real; Not a playground, full of play, Nor a treadmill every day. Work or play, 'tis this to know, Into self our actions grow. -Wishing you every success, I am, &e.;, .A. KOTHWELL. I Corney Point, Jul? 11. Dear General-I wish to join your ranks. Do any of your soldiers collect shells? My sister anil 1 do. We have about 200 sorts.- We have two beaches- north and west. On the west we find numerous sorts of small shells; some are so small that you need a magnifying glass to see them clearly. About six or seven miles distant, up the north beach, we find much larger and dif ferent kinds, such as eoncks, cowries, nautilus, frilled cockles, arid many others. The Corney Point lighthouse ia about two miles from our house. There .are two keepers. , We would like very much to exchange shells with other soldiers. My sister is collecting stamps, also. We have had a beautiful lot of rain the last few weeks. Ic is freshening things up splendidly. I, too, like some of your soldiers, am very fond of flowers. But I do not like gardening. We have a beauti ful asparagus fern. Can any of your soldiers an swer this puzzle? When did Tin Hi trmt.-o rc most angiy -I am, &c.;', H. FLORENCE KLEif. ICarrieton, July 15. Dear General-I' read with great interest every week the letters of the "Soldiers of the Pen," and hare at last decided to joii* your ever-increas-. | ii;jr army. Find enclosed stamp for membership I card. -I am, sc., ELLEN MARY SCHULTZE. 'Koolunga, July 8. Bear General-Please enrol me. Some of the soldiers write very amusing letters. X think Rex. Russell is a bit too hard on the girls. II I should ever happen to meet R.R. I think T would give him a pretty hot time of it. X was ? born in 18S5. Please find enclosed 6d. for the Indian Famine Fund, and a penny for enrolment card. ADA H. BARNARD. Sunny Vale, July 12. Dear General-Please enrol me as a Soldier of the Pen. _ I have often, read with interest the letters of some of the other soldiers, and have farmd them very interesting-, particularly those of Jliss J. Hurst and- Miss Donoghue. I think they are very clever writers, and some of their letters are. very amusing. X am very fond of reading, and have read a number of books. I think a great deal of good is got from them, and they are very good' company. Who can estimate the good the English people have, derived from the works of such men as Shakespeare, Milton, Bun yan, and Tennyson? Hundreds of other writers also have done their part towards making Eng land what she is. It has been said that books exert a lasting influence over the reader. That this is so experience teaches. Measure the ex tent of the value of books to us, and their inevit able influences. To do entirely without them would be almost an impossibility. They form a greater part of the majority of lives than one | can. conceive, and the . influence, ofttimes uncon i scions in many -ases, is nevertheless..there. Good books' help and encourage us; we feel as if our favorite characters are feal people, wlkjrn we have met; we rejoice at their successes, and' sympathise with them in their troubles. May we all, by ; encouraging the good and condemning the evil, help to make the literature of the world in the j future purer and: bettor than it is to-day. En I closed please find stamp for enrolment card. -I IDA L. HOPKINS. . Hog Bay, Kangaroo Island, July 16. Dear General-Some of the soldiers seem to be discussing the evils of bird- killing:. But there are many more innocent creatures killed besides birds. Think of the numerous harmless seals that are slaughtered just for the sake of getting their skins for gloves, &c.; Then, again, think of the many harmless animals ;that are killed for the sake of their furs. Is not this also cruel? Why not lev these creatures live and adorn the earfh? Since Ernest Halburg has told us he is a man, I will compare' his fighting ability with even a smaller insect than , the spider. i believe if I were to gather all the'scattered fragments of his pugilistic powers together, and blow them with my mouth into the eye of a mosquito, it wouldn't feel it. The first chance I get- I will send Allan Sinclair's suit along. A soldier asked what kind of a place Kangaroo . Island was. If; space will permit 1 will try and enlighten that soldier a little. It is surrounded with salt water, which, is called the sea. It rains occasionally, enough to make very good crops grow on the island. The sun rises in the east and sets in the west, and never ap pears again for about 12 hours. We see a new j moon once in a while, which in due time pci? full. I think these are about the only unusual rhings t?nat take place on the island. -I am, &c.y; I . EDWARD L. BATES. P.S.-Please find enclosed a shilling's worth of stamps for. I.F. ' Pyap, July 14. Dear General-'Please enrol me. I was born in 1834\. I enjoy reading your letters very much, and have read a few books, including "The House hold Angel," "Quickly Ripened," "Guinea Stamp," "Uncle Tom's Oabin," "Shadowed Lives," "Aunt Jane's Hero," and "Papers for Thoughtful Girls." am, &c.;, ELSIE M. WESTBROOK. Ooolee, Piednippie, via Chandada, West Coast, July hi Dear General-'I have for many months past taken an interest in your soldiers' letters, and have at la&t; decided to join your ranks. I have read several books-"little Women," "Little Men," "Uncle Tom's Cabin," "Links in Rebecca's Life." and -'The Wide. Wide World." Pleaso find enclosed a penny stamp for membership card. I am, &c.;, FLORENCE COTTON. Bundaleer Springs, July 17. Dear General-Please enrol me, I always read the. ""So((;kts cf iiif iYr:." anil onjov ii. of the soldiers -write very good letters, but do not -write often enough. Some of the boys stick up for the girls in a very manly way. I think criticising a very good idea. I have read a good few books, among which are "The Lamplighter," "Seven Little Australians," "Little Women," I "Monksbury College," .ana several others. -I am, &C.;, EL/SIE McNEIL. Balaklava, 'July 20. Dear General-I thought I' would send you a short letter. , We have not much news in this parr. ) mind the ?> !1 da v. \s brot'' Percy comes with me Saturdays and holidays. We like reading the letters. We always turn to the General's column first. Allan Sinclair's name = h" ^PK'lair Mian. 1 thi~.k. vi'm-: ing his letters. The boys say too much about {rirls' dresses. Can't they find sontethir.' 1-oifr : write about? It will be a good thing when peace is proclaimed. Our school is going to have a bon fire if it is proclaimed before the ..weather gets warm. It will be a great blessing when the In dian famine is over. I enclose a postal note for 5/ from the Cavanagh family for the Famine Pitad. -I am. occ., G. W. P. CAVA^AGH. Currency Creek, July 9. Dear General-Please enrol me/ I think Hhe an stur >n Bay Faust's pir/y'.c is VS. J '? ing R.C.'s letters. I hope Edward Bates will soon write again. I think it was rather" mean of L. F. Donahue to deprive liim of the pleasure of I tfiTlinjr fhfl vnun enclose one penny for enrolment card. -I am, kc.» ! FRANK LiKUlou. Bookabie, West Coast, July 7. Dear General-I have taken a great deal of in terest in your ever-increasing army, and now 1 bare made up my mind to join your ranks. I like the letter3 of Miss Hurst, Geo. Rhodes, II. Goldinjr, and many others. I think it is a slianm for giris to have a bird or a bird's feather in their hats. I don't think it makes them any prettier. Rex. Russell seems to be a bit hard on the "fair sex," as he terms them. A woman's place is in the house, and if <=ho attends to house bold duties she has enough to do. I think that a very good idea of Alice Rosman, that we should write a story between us, and I think it would be very amusing-. liy favorite authors ar; Charles Dickons, R. M. liailamyne, Curie Rus I sell, George Weatlierly, and Harry cbilingwood. ARTHUR H. MILLER. Sncm-town, Juiy iv. Dear General-I am another to join your army and wag-e lvar against R. Russell. Some of your soldiers write very interesting letters. Allan Sinclair is too smart for E. Bates. I am very fond of detective stories. I don't think the boys should criticise the girls so much, without looking at their own faults first. -I am, HELEN F. BIOHHOir . Mount Mclntyre, July 9. Dear General-Please enrol me. Miss Jessie Groves said she would not like to eat bread that men bake. Indeed, she might have to eat worse than some men bake before she dies.-I am, &e.;, ALEX L. OA5IPBELL. P.S.-Enclosed find postal note for 4/, and 1/0 in stamps. There is 5/5 for the Indian Famine Fund, and Id. for enrolment card.-A.L.C. Payneham, July 12. Dear General-I have read the "Soldiers of the Pen" for some time past, and have decidcd to become a member. I am very fond of reading. I think it is very silly for ladies to wear collars and ties. It makes them look mannish. In my opinion the boys are what the girls make them. When did the "Soldiers of the Pen" bc::in ? 1 quite agree with G. Ehodes about ladies wearing feathers in their hats. Allan Sinclair's letters are very amusing, but where is he now? He has I not-, written for a lone time. Please find enclosed Denny stamp for enrolment card. -I am, &c.;, JOHN JIAJTKING COLBERT. Pinda, July u. Dear General-I have collected 11/0 for lndi.in famine. We had a concert at Amyton in aid of the Indian famine, and we got over £3. I agree with G. Rhodes about the birds' feathers and wings being worn in girls' hats. I do not wear any myself. Miss Jessie Groves , said that she would not like to eat the bread that the men would make, btrt I think some of the men could make as good bread as the women. Some of the women would be able, to shoot as well as the boys if thev tried. X don't think the umbrellas would do much good unless they were very strong. -1 MARY KELLY. Farina, July 12. Dear General-I read the "Soldiers of the Pen" column every week, and have at last decided to enlist. I have not noticed any letters from Farina in your column, so I thought I would write. Master John Wright. remarked a short time ago iliat the sjirls make idiots of themselves. lVhat about the boj-s? I suppose they never males idots of themselves. What a ridiculous let ter Adam Batclielor wrote on June 9. -I am. fee.,! MINNIE CHAMBERS. 