Chase after the Black Murderers After leaving Swain's place, which they robbed on Monday night, the outlaws ap parently moved leisurely during Tuesday, and at 12.30 on Wednesday came to the camp of two fencers named W. Woodley and R. Lord, situated among the ranges, about fourteen miles from Nundle, above Crawney Pass. The fencers were having dinner at the time, and saw the blacks coming. When within 50 yards they called upon the fencers to surrender, to throw up their hands, and to leave the fire. The fencers obeyed. The outlaws then came to the fire, and discovering no fire arms, told the fencers to return. Lord then invited the outlaws to have dinner, the invitation being accepted. In conversation, the blacks said they would not shoot anybody other than those carrying fire arms, but -would shoot anybody they believed to be in pursuit of them. During the progress of the dinner Lord heard horsemen coming up the mountain. The murderers did not hear their approach until they woee within about 10 yards. Jimmy Governor, on hearing them, sprang up, crying, "Holy Ghost!" seized his rifle, and sprang behind a tree, followed by Joe. The blacks then fired upon the advancing whites, five in number, including. J. Heyman,, W. Devine, J.Schofield, and A, lRobson, all civilians. These men were not aware of the presence of the blacks until hearing shots fired, when they all jumped from their horses, and prepared to return the fire, all being armed with rifles. How ever, as soon as the outlaws had delivered their first volley from behind a large tree, they bounded off down the hill in the opposite direction, leaving all their provisions, quart pots, coats, blankets, and everything they possessed, excepting the rifles and ammunition. As they disappeared past the . fencers, they called out, to them, "You can have all we are leaving behind; good bye" They then bounded down the side of the of the hill, the fencers say, like wallabies, striding 15ft. to 18ft. per stride. In the meantime the surprised civilians were waiting for the outlaws to show out, and were not aware of the flight till the fencers in formed them. They then fired several shots, but could get no reply from the other pursuers, none of whom were within two miles. They then went back down hill, and fired several other shots, and within half an hour the Queensland trackers came up, and were taken to the fencers' camp. They took up the tracks, which followed down one spur., about a mile, and then doubled back within 200 yards of the fencers' camp on another spur, where the Governors had evidently watched the police and trackers go down the hill, and then made off in another direction. On Wednesday morning the pursuers came on the camp of the fugitives, where they had shot a sheep, part of which they had cooked and eaten. On Wednesday night, the outlaws had drawn closer to Nundle, and at 10 p.m. came to Mr. Floods, at Wombramurra Woolshed, where they were fired at by Flood, but without effect. The outlaws then decamped. On Thursday morning the tracks were taken up and followed, still towards Nundle and Wombramurra Woolshed, fire miles from Nundle. Two children are said to have seen the blacks, who passed close to them on Thursday morning, near Dyson's, only four miles from Nundle. The Governors have had no food since Wednesday, when they left all their provisions at the fencers camp, and, therefore, must call at houses, which are now being guarded generally. Their early arrest is, therefore, anticipatcd. 