[GOStPIBTS STOBTl ffflE CHRISTMAS ! MOONLIGHT, | .BT IZA DUFFUS HARDY, .. --f 'TI ?» Komanoo of the Bear Cu \- L'l: :r --y Eoso,' &o.;, &o.; , [cor-iwonT J | PHO Wuuld ever think it was Christmas Helen Dal with * Snl tanesque lauiruor nnd luxury in her rook- ing chair on thesouth piazza, looking at the orange trees bend ing beneath their burthen of ruddy-ripe golden fruit, the tall slim pines, the graceful 'yellow pines' of the south, their feathery crowns of foliage traced in delicate pencilling against the burning azure of a sky almost ton vivid in its light and colour. It was only the hour after early breakfast, yet the sun beams already poured in a broad level blaze on the piazza, and danced in a dazzle of dia monds on the lake, that was as pure a blue as tho shining sky. It was as fair a scene as the eye could desire, yet Helen spoke with a sort of in voluntary Mgh. 'Who would ever think it was Christmas Eve?' 'Isn't it lovely?' said hor sistor Mary, with smiling content. Sweet Mary Weston, happily married and settled in this fair Florida home, had ceased to sigh for her native land. ' Yes, it's lovely, if only one didn't see so much of it ! But what I should like to see now would be frost and snow or even a good thick yellow London fair !' ' I'm afraid even John could not oblige you with that here, though I think he is not very far behind the French king- (which one was it ?) who had the ground covered with salt when the lady of his heart conceived a perverse desire to go sleighing in summer.' ?' John spoils me, and I'm afraid he's not tho only one that dues,' rejoined Helen, smil ng and stretching out her hand to her sister. I don't think we've spoilt you, Nell ! ' said Mary Weston, patting the pretty hand. ' But I think John would, if he could.' 'He is very good,' the younger sister said, less lightly. ' He is ! ' Mrs. Weston agreed emphati cally. ' And you are very fond of him, aren't you ? ' with a touch of anxiety which she did not intend to betray, but which was plain as the sun in the heaven to Helen's quick perception. ' Yes, I am,' she answered sincerely ; 'I should be very ungrateful if I wasn't I But I do wish he would take me home for a honeymoon trip ! ' she added, with only half- playful petulance, ' Everybody goes to England on their bridal trip.' 'Not everybody, dear.' ' Well, everybody who 'can afford it, end John can afford anything he likes!' ' But, you see, it is John's business keeps him here.' 'Oh, yes, I know. I dare say it seems just a perverse fanoy of mine, like longing for a sleigh ride in summer, for snow in this sunnv south.' 'I'm afraid, dear Nell, you get a little homesick sometimes.' 'Do I, Mary?' with a curious smile. ' You think so ?' 'I mn afraid so. sometimes, dear. But you'll settledown all happily and comfortably when once you are married and in your own home.' ' Yours has been home to me, Mary !' ' And you have helped to make it a real home to me. I might have felt a little strange and far-away even with Fred, if it had not been for you. Aud now I must go and help Chloe make the cakes.' ?'And I'll come and do the mincepies,'said Helen cheerfully. 'No, no, Nell; I won't have you getting tired and flushed over the stove ; John will be coming soon.' ' Poor, dear Mary !' said Helen to her self, -as her sister hastened away on household cares intent. ' She only thiijjja I am home sick. If she only knew how tired I am of oranges and pinetrces ! And she's so anxious, poor dear, to be assured that I am really fond of John ! -Dear, good John! the only thing I'm afraid of is that he is too good for me ! But I shall he able to make him happy, I think. Anyhow, I'll do my best. And I'm j sure I shall be happy with him, as happy as anv woman can expect to be, after the first dreum is over !' She sighed as her thoughts went hack to that ' first dream.' 'Walter,' she murmured. ' Poor Walter ! If he had lived !' Visions of another Christmas rose before her. Walter was helping her to put up the holly. They two were lingering over their g4od-nigbt in the hall. He was folding a wrap round her as she went out into the chill of the white wintry night with him to look at the snow glittering in the moonlight. Oh, for that 'white Christmas' of four years ago ! 11 My poor boy ! My poor boy !' Helen said softly to herself. ' To tliink that the cold, cruel sea, thedeep, dreadfulsea, rolls over his head ! and that no one, no one, will ever, ever know the truth !' She shuddered and clasped her hands, and the bright colours of the sunny landscape grew dim to her eyes. But when John Armstrong, her stalwart lover, came, the smile was ready to greet him on her lips. She was very fond of J»hn, and the past was past ; the present, though it ; did seem a littlo dull sometimes, a little pale and tame beside that poor dead past, and yet full of hope ; thanks to John! Sheltered by his love, surely she would hi safe from the eting of memory, even from tho insidious gnawing of homesickness. He was so Btrong, it gave her a satisfying sense of pro tection and safety to be with him. He had tfce muscles of a gladiator, and yet, with all bis rough, uncultivated ways, the gentleneas of a woman. Helen loved the mingling of half rough force and reverent tenderness about him, aud often assured herself that she really loved him very much, though she was not very lavish of protestations or caresses — . (which indeed were not much in Helen Dal rymple's way. 'John was English, too. Perhaps, if he had not been her compatriot, he might have found his Helen harder to win. There were many English settled in this part of Florida, but ' few as fortunate aB John Armstrong. Everything he touched seemed to prosper, and now in winning Helen's troth he had won his crowning fortune — his heart's desire. His sun-bronzed and somewhat rugged featured faco was beaming, as he drew his chair as close as it could be drawn to hers, and took possession of her hand and felt the Blender fingers rest in his big palm as if it were their home. 'Do you know, darling, this is the hap piest Christmas I've ever had P ' he said. 'Since you were a boy!' she rejoined, laughingly. ' But you don't know any&iog; about me when I was a boy? ' he Ssmurrsa, smiling In iiappy response. ' Oh yes, I know that you were very much tike other boys ! You were pcapjiy when to ?tuff yourself with mincepiea and plum pudding, and' pull crackers und play snap dragon, was your highest ideal of happiness ! And you were happy when you kissed tlie girls under the mistletoe ! ' 'But never half so happy as now that I ?an kiss my girl without the mistletoe ! My own girl ! No, darling, there's not a soul in sight ! Ypu aro my own girl, aron't you ? Holen, darling, what would you liko to do to keep our Christmas to morrow? Shall we havo a drive in tho evening and a picnic supper in the woods by moonlight ?' ' A moonlight picnic on Christmas night ! Oh, John, where is your sense of the fitting?' John looked puzzled. 'I want to do anything that would please you, dearest. What would please you?' ' Oh, I don't know. Perhaps a good old fashioned English frost, or a London fog, or a sleigh-ride !' recalling hor conversation with her sister. ' Nothing I can give you ?' he said, with a shade of disappointment. ' John, dear, you're too good !' sho said, with a sudden gush of tenderness. ' I don't deserve that you should get me anything ! Mary said to me just now that sho thought I was a littlo home sick — and I suppose that'* just what I am! Oh, John, couldn't wo go h»me in spring on a little honeymoAi trip ?' 'I'm afraid not, darling ; perhaps somo time, but not now. Helen, can't you bo happy here? You know I'll do all I can.' ' ' Indeed I do know it, you are the best and dearest of old Johns!' she answered, more lightly, with her sweetest smile. ' Helen, ' he said, after a thoughtful pause, in which his genial face had grown grave, 'do you know that I feel sad some times, fearing that the lifehoro won't content you, that you'll bo thinking of England us ?home!' And I wonder sometimes whether it isn't because it was in England that — that you remember you told me, darling, blus* your truthful transparent soul, that wouldn't keep any secret from me, my sweetheart ! that there was — some one you — liked there — ?some one who is dead.' ' Need wo talk of him ?' said Holen more coldly. 'No, no, darling, not if it hurts you ! But it hurts mo to think that there's a pain in that memory still ! I'd- like to take all paiu, all trouble, from you, even any pain of the past ! I'd draw the sting from your memory if I could ?' 'No memory can sting me very sharply while I havo you, John,' she answered with an impulse of self-teproacliful, half remorse ful tenderness. 'And I won't givo way to home sickness any more if it gives you tho least bit of pain ! Don't trouble yourself. John, about the ghost of yesterday ! To ?norrow is yours ! ' ' ' And to-day? ' he urged. ' Is to-day — liyided ? Or is it all mine ? ' ' I think it looks as if it were all yours,' she said, softly, as he kissed her. 'Let yester day rest, John, rest with tho last year'6 snows in England ! And let us go and pick oranges to-day ? And there are some guavas still. I should liko somo for lunch. We never see them at home except in jelly, do we ? After all, there are somo good things in the sunny south ! ' she added, with a lapse into her old, light, laughing tone. ' There aro guavas, and grape-fruit, and you ! ' John Armstrong went away happy. One thing only now troubled him, he could not make up his mind what to give Holen for a Christmas present. Blundering fellow that he was ! he reproached himself, not to havo thought over it before. He went to the best jeweller's in Giralda, the nearest large town, where, having but little time to spare, and being unable to make up bis mind in haste on the spot, he ordered a selection of choice trinkets to be sent to his rooms, for his leisurely inspection. Every one iu Giralda knew John Armstrong, and there was no difficulty made about entrusting the jewels to his care. He was looking in anxious cogitation from the contents of one velvet-lined case to another, as they were set out before him on the table, when there was a tap at the door, and the negro ' bell-boy ' announced, Mr. Lawrence, sah, wants to know ef he kin see you.' 'Why, certainly. Show Mr. Lawrence up. Come in, Lawrence, glad to see you, and a merry Christmas to you, ray dear fellow !' 'The same to you! I see I needn't ask how, you are!' said the visitor, glanoing at John Armstrong's healthy brown face. ' Oh, I'm all right — right as a trivet ! And you? how have you been? All right too, I hope ? Grove flourishing ?' 'Yes, all going ou well. I've come up to Giralda ou a little business, and you're the first person I've looked up.' ' That's right, that's all right !' said Arm strong, heartily, ' I've been thinking of run ning down to Tampa, and then I'd have been tlie one to look you up, but I've had my hands full lately ; it's been a busy time, though it's not been all business ! You've just come in the nick of time now, to give me your help and advice. I was just muddling my brain over these things.' jerking his head towards tbe display ou the table. ' Which do you think's the — tlie b'at of the lot ? The — the most likely to — suit a lady ?' Armstrong was stammering and the colour rose in his bronzed cheek. 'A lady? Ah!' said Lawrence, with a smile. ' Pleasure as well as business been keeping you about here, I see ?' ' Yes, you see, well, the fact is, I'm going to be married.' ' Heartiest congratulation?, old fellow ! The young lady's lucky — that I know! and so are you, I hope ! ' ' I just am!' said Armstrong emphatically. ' Wait till you see her ! ' ' When she will be wearing one of these, I expect!' suggested Lawrence. He was a younger man than Armstrong, fairer and of slighter build, with a tawny beard, honest, kindly blue eyes, a pleasant, though rather -ad, smile, aud a generally rather grave, thoughtful expression. He was sympatheti cally willing to help the perplexed lover in his olioice of a gift, which was fortunate, as poor John had not muoh taste, and was sorely bewildered in his contemplation of the ' em barras de richesses' that lay before him. 'Now this — this is something out of the common, eh?' he suggested, but hesitat ingly, as deferring to Lawrence's better judgment, pointing to a necklace of alligator's teeth lavishly set in gold. ' Or this now ? ' indicating a heart-shaped ornament almost big enough to Wear aB a shield, and adorned with a true lover's knot studded with jewels of all the colours of tho rainbow. ' Do you think alligators' teeth quite a pretty thing to olasp round a girl's throat? ' Lawrence demurred. 'And isn't this a triHe — just a trifle showy ? ' John's countenanoe fell. 'She likes everything dainty and deli cate,' he said. ' How about this?' Baid Lawrence, taking up a simple but costly necklet of a single string of exquisitely matched pearls. It was Armstrong's turn to demur. ' Don't pearls moan tears t' he rejoined. 'Ah? You wouldn't risk giving her those ?' said the younger man, with a smile that ended in a short, quickly- stifled breath like a sigh. 'No, I wouldn't,' said Armstrong, notic ing his frier ' '0ok with an instinot of fellow-foelin) You wouldn't either, would you, 1. h , if you were choosing — something fur .-.omebody ?' ~ 'No, I suppose I should be superstitious, too. But there's nobody — now 1 and I've had all the superstition und fanoy and romance pretty well kuocked out of me.' ? 'There's nobody now,' Armstrong re peated his words. 'There,' he added, delicately and hesitatingly, ' there was some body once, then ?' ' Onoe!' Lawrence eohoed, looking down at the pearl necklace. When the choice was finally made of a slender gold bracelet with a four-leaved shainroak in diamond? ('A11 women like diamonds,' the two men had agreed), the oomrades sat down with a pipe and glass, and then Armstrong roferrod, iu his frankly sympathetic, if blundering way to Lawrence's late admission.. ' I'm afraid my — my asking you about that,' nodding towards the bracelet, 'recalls things to you ! ' 'They haven't got far to be recalled, they lio near tho surface,' tlie younger man replied, gloomily. ' Thero was so.nebody, and it — it— didn't come to anything ? ' Armstrong ventured, his heart softened by his own happiness, his sympathy too eincere to be iutru-ive. Lawrence paused a moment, then bhiU. abruptly : 'Sho thinks I'm dead, at least I hop-! she does. She's far away — I shall never see' her again. But somehow Christmas alway. makos me think of old days.' Armstrong nodded iu silont comprehension Lawrence paused a linunimt, then added with almost harsh ubruptnui-B : 'Look here, Armstrong, I've often thought of telling you. I was wry near it more than once, when you were nur.li a good chum to mo at Ooala. The fant is. I — I loft England under a cloud ! My very name — well, it'.» my own, for I was christened Lawrence as my second name, but ii's not my tru: sur name. There are others of us here who have come out of the way. as I did, but not many shadowed by a cloud as black as mine.' 'What was it, my boyf' asked John Armstrong, fraternally. 'Oh, I'vo not. bolted from the law,' Lawrenco said quickly. 'I stand clear of that, I think. But- it's the suspicion, of which I fool I shall clear.' '? She «usptx-ted~j£j^f£%'l ill of you ?' ' ' God bless hur— Iicv'- She declared she had faith in me. But no one else bad. I couldn't, ask her to marry me under a oloud, to take my name with the stain on it. I came abroad to live it down, and tho ship iu which I'd taken my passage was wrecked — you remember the disaster of the Columbia? I was supposed to havo been on board ; my name was iu th ? list of lost. But at tho last minute an accident bad prevented my sailing. No one knew at home that I had not sailed. They all bolieve that I went down with tliu Columba and the rest of her unlucky pas sengers and crew.' [ 'And she believes it, too ?' [ 'She must, what else can sho think? It is better so. I decided not to write and tell her I was safe.' ' She may be grieving — mourniug for) ou,' suggested Armstrong. ' For a time — yes. But it is best as it is — for her. Sho is young ; the thought of me and my trouble would bo a more lusting cloud on her bright girlhood than the thought of my death. I would never have married her unless I could give her a stainless name. She will be happier, not knowing. She bolioved mo innocent — that is my comfort. Let hor believe me dead, for her own peace.' ' It's a sad state of things,' mused Arm strong. 'And what — what was the— ' he hesitated for a time — 'tho, trouble,' lie finished. 'They called it murder — an ugly word, isn't it ? But whatever it was, I had no hand in it. If any man ki led Philip Stretton, it was not I!' 'Philip Stretton !' John Armstrong started. His back was to the light, so Lawrenco could not see how his healthy colour paled. 'Yes, you remomber the case, I see ? 1 own it did look black against me. He was my cousin, and I his heir— though it would have been the other way round, he would have been my heir, and I should have stood in his shoes, it my grandfather had not made an unfair will. I had been imprudent — 1 was in a littlo difficulty — and I was foolish enough to ask Philip for a loan, only an ad vance for three mouths. He said things that cut me. There was a soreness between us, I own, but I would never have injured a hair of his head. You remember, pjrhaps, how I was arrested, remanded — all the miserable story ? There was not evidence enough against me to send the case for trial, but there was enough to m.ake people believe mo guilty — to make me feel a pariah and an outcast — to make me cast aside my father's name as a tarnished and unolean thing — to drivo me into exile here, a a dead man, dead to his own land and his own people.' 'it sa sad business, said Armstrong, his voice strangely husky- 'Iremember healing of it.' A pause; then ho added: 'But, Lawrence, I «iy, old chum, aren't you per haps a bit over-sensitive about peoplo — suspecting you ?' ' Over- sensitive ! Wheu I've seen womeu turn aside to avoid recognising me — when the very children have started at me as if I were a wild beast ! But there, talking of it can't inend matters.' He filled his glass hastily ; his hand shook as he raised it to his lips. John Armstrong's brimming glass stood untouched by his side. Another knock at the door, and the entrance oi a second visitor— this time a genial aud somewhat boisterous one. to wish the compli ments of the season, interrupted the conver sation, rather to tlie relief of both Armstrong und Lawrence, and it was much to the host's relief when both his visitors departed. Left alone at last, he stood by the window deep iu troubled thought, stariug out across the rough sandy road with eyes that couid not see. - 'I never. dreamt of this,' he said to him self, his. lips framing the words without sound, as men who have lived much alone often get the habit of communing' with them selves. 'This conies of shirking, or trying to shirk. One can't shirk a thing — it will folJow one. If it were not for Helen, now. It's plain enough — the thing to do. It stares me iu tho face. But Helen, who trusts me. I must think of her first. Yet that boy. He's been wronged enough. He wouldn't marry his girl with a stained name Can I marry my girl with a stained con science ? His girl in England stuck to him. Maybe mine would Btick to me. Would she, though ? It's au ugly story to tell her. Still, if she's got grit enough to stand it ? She doesn't look like oiie that would weaken and wilt away from a man because of some thing in his past — though it does look rather a black business. I'll see. I'll sound her. God forgive me ! I'm a coward where she's, concerned. I Bee the right thing plain enough. But I can't — I can't. No, she'B my all 1 I can risk the losing her !' Helen was sauntering in the orange-grove iu the moonlight alone. She was glad to be alone, for somehow this Christmas Eve she was haunted by memories of that other Christmas with Walter four years ago ! That past was dead and buried, but its ghost walked sometimes. Two lines of a poem Bhe had once heard recited kept ruuniug in her head ; — 'Pray for the one beloved, wherever he may be, Iu the hush of the Christmas midnight ho will appear to thee !' How still the night was I Grove and wood and lake seemed to be sleeping- in silence. Tlie mooubeums bathed tho fair landscape in a silver sea of light, yet left im penetrated the dusky mysteries of shadow iu the deeps of ' the dark browed trees.' She thought of that ' white winter ' in England, and the ghost of the buried pust walked iu the southern moonlight. Was anything else stirring, too ? Was that a step ? Did a shadow move ? Could it be John ? But John never came that way through the grove. If it should be a tramp, und she so far from the house ? The moving shadow gathered shape and substance, stepped out from the darkness of the bordering trees, and the moonlight fell full upon his face. Helen stopped with a start. Who — wliut — was it? The moonlight was well-ni^h bright as day. The face, the figure that stood out dear in those pure uudazzliug beams, the very gesture with which the man paused at sight of her, all had been familiar to her once ! Was it a ghost ? Were the lines that had been ringing in her mind prophetio ? ' In the hush of the Christmas midnight he wiU appear to thee.' He, too, had paused at sight of the girl's slim white- robed figure: he started as one thunder atrioken as he looked upon her fuce, pale and pure in the colourless blaze of the semi-tropical moonlight, for while she stared, dumb with doubt aud amazement, on the dead alive, . he looked on tho living, lost to him, whom he had deemed five thousand miles away! He was the fiwt to fiud his voice. 'Helen, Helen? You — here!' He stretched out his hand ; it was warm with life as it touched hera, strong with living human strength as it clasped her cold and trembling fingers. ' Walter, Walter! Are you alive? I thought — I heard — ph( ivt i liuve all mourned j ou u» dsnd,''... ; ? Jonn *inuauui!£, ueanug itie uhobeu I bracelet that was to be his Christmas gift, j was on his way to see his beloved, but not with the quick, assured stop of tho happy lover. Ho lagged and took tho longest way. Ho might have said, if ho had been given to quoting Shakespeare, 'Oh, full of scorpions is my mind.' They bit and stung, those snakes and tempted to silence, prompted him with subtle . sopliistrios 'for Helen's sake.' Was not his first duty to spare her pain? Yet ho knew that if ho yiulded to tho tempta tion, he should fool himself to the last day of his lifo a despicable sinner. For till this day hn had not, realised what he had dono, but now, if ho kept silence still, ho would bo sin ning with his eyes open. Still could ho dare trust Helen with tho triirli, at the risk of seeing her shrink from him, turn cold to him, perhaps take herself our, of his life. On tho other hand, it was possible that sho might not fail him ! Sho might provo herself brave and loyal in tho oruoittl hour. Ho folt ho did not know Hoien thoroughly. Sho was a sweet roso, 'bet with littlo wilful thorns.' Ho could not toll how far her protty little waywardness and girlish caprices wore mere ripples on tho surface, what depths of lovo and faith and courage might not lio in tho depths beneath. While she sauntered on slowly, deep iu thought:, his footfall soundless on the loose, v'indy soil, ho heard a voieo on tho other sido of the Blonder fringe of trees that bordered the grove. Not Helen's voice, ho had never heard that tono in it. And yet it was like hers — that voice with tho tender thrill, the throb and pulse of living passion, of whioh hp had never known it capable. '.Walter — Walter aftor all theso years !' 'My darling, my darling!' murmured the man's voice, shaken and husky, but Lawrence's voice. John Aruistruug made a noiseless step forward, looked out qf the shadow which uuucealed him from their view, and saw Helen, his bride-olect, clinging to f.awrence, his arm round her, her t'ace uplifted in tho moonlight to his. for the niomout thoy had forgotten all the world but ouch other. Sho hud forgotten John, und he tho stain upon his uume, the e.ause of his exilo. Sho was first to remomber the barrier. 'Oh, 'Walter, no — no! Let mo go! I must tell you — I am not free !' ' Is it you, then — you who woro engaged to Armstrong?' ' Yes. He is the bost and truest of men,' with a sob iu her voice. ' Walter, now that wo have met, it can only be to part.' John Armstrong heard no moro. Had he not been standing thero as if stricken to stone, paralysed, ho would not have heard so much. He turned with a groping, staggering ges ture, like a man reeling, blinded, beneath a stunning blow, yet careful that no sound of his going should startle them as he wont, and left them there together. The moonlight flooded landscape was black to him ; he seemed to be groping his way through great dark ness, his face Bet from tho house towards which his steps had been bent. How could he face Helen now ? It was Heleu whom he had wronged ; it was Helen whom lie had robbed of her love, alboit all unwittingly. He had thought of Lawrence's unnamed love as fur off, in tho old country. But there was no far-away girl in England — it was Helen, hero ! For her dear sake he had thought of keep ing tho silence that would have sealed tie sentence of exilo from homo * and love on Lawrence — and Lawrence waB tho man she loved. Yet she would keep her faith with him. She had said it herself ! And Lawrence would not claim her so long as the stain of suspected orime clung to his name. John Armstrong saw that ho could hold her still ! It was Christmas Day ; the sun Bhone on the evergreen pines and the glossy foliage of the orange trees and their golden fruit, aud sky and lake wero one nionotono of radiant azure. John and Helen were walking iu the grove, aiid both wero taciturn and illat ease. 'Helen, my girl,' ho said breaking a long silence as they drew near tho spot where she and Walter had met last night, 'I had been thinking what I could get you for a Christinas present, wondering what would please you best. Aud I found out, last night.' 'Last night? But you didn't come last night?' 'Yes, I came, Helen. I caine. I came this way,' pointing to the border of trees, 'and I was here. I saw — I heard.' Helen started, aud the colour rushed to her face, then ebbing, left it deadly pile. But though she was dismayed, she did not blench. She was too proud to quail as guilt might quail. Rather, '- there was even a touch of reproach in her tono as she answered, 'You were here, John? You heard?' 'By accident.' His brown cheek flushed now. 'I heard only a' 'few words. I hurried away. You don't think that I'd play eavesdropper on purpose, Heleu?' ' No, no, John ! But if you heard any thing, I wish you had heard aU ! You would have understood that I — I was startled, taken by surprise. I had never dreamt that he, Walter, was living, when I — when you — ' she hesitated painfully, yet not as one abashed or ashamed — then added, 'never uutil last night !' ' 1 know, I know, my brave true-hearted girl !' ho said. 'You're not to blame— you've been straight and square.' ? 'And lie,' she interposed, hastily. 'And he too,' John Armstrong rejoined, 'ho did not know. Nor I, Heleu, do nie justice, loo ! I did not know that the man I chummed with at Ocala, whom I know as Lawrenoe, was Walter Stretton.' ' Walter Lawrenco Stretton,' she ex plained. ' Yes, I know, he has told mo, it is his second name,' ho said, wincing a little at her eagerness to explain on his behalf. ' But I did not know that Walter Stretton was the name of the man you cared for ! AVe none of us kuew. It's been a chapter of mistakes all round. Bnt now — no\v I see what I can give you, Helen ! I can givo you your free dom ' 'John, no — you are too good !' she pro tested with remorseful tenderness — what iR to a man the terrible frank tenderness of the woman who does not love him !' 'No, not that!' he said, recoiling from the -word 'good' ou her lips. 'Wait — wait. Heleu! till you've heard all. I give you back your freedom and something more ! I give iuto your hand the means of clearinsr Walter Stretton's name. Philip Stretton's death was no murder ! I ought to know, because — because tho accident — it was an accident! was broufrht about by mo !' 'You, John I Oh, John, are you mad ?' she fell back from him with doubt, fear, horror, iu her oyes. ' No. I'm not mad, unless it's madness to tell you the truth. It was my hand caused Philip Stretton's death.' 'Yours? Then, who, what — are you?' ' What I've always been, to you und all the world, plain John Armstrong !' 'You were thero, at Holborough at the time? But — how. was that? aud what had you to do with Philip Strettou? We never knew. anything ubout you.' ' No. You never knew nie nor my sister, my poor little sister Lizzie. But Philip Stretton knew her ; I dare say he didn't talk of her to you. We weren't of your set, you see. You always knew I never concealed from you that I hadn't moved iu the same class you'd been accustomed to mix with. You knew that, aud wero willing to accept it.' 'Yes 1 You were yourself to me.' 'That's how it is we never met at Hol borough. I was only there liow aud then for a time, und we moved iu different orbits. My sister was as good a girl us ever breathed, but delicate, a pretty little pale thing, fond of books and poetry, l'hilip Stretton didn't mean anything by his attention to her— perhaps no harm, porhaps no good. I didn't choose that he should amose himself making a plaything of her heart. We met on that lonely road: 1 upoko to him — he took the high and mighty tone with me, and told me to mind my own business. Woll, it's no stjij lui yum ears, Helen, but i'ou can irueas liuw words ran iiigh between uo. M I lire, / I'd no intent nor thought of serious injury .to life or limb when I struok him. Bnt I was strong, and I suppose in njy augor I hit harder than I meant. It was just by .ovil chance that lie foil with his temple on a sharp stone. If I'd lot him lie as ho fell, it would have beon plain enough how it happened. ' But iu my horror and dismay I lifted liim up, and moved him, trying to recall him to lifo. It novor occurred to me, I was so stunned, that the stono loft lying there would havo been supposed to havo been used as u weapon, still less that young Walter Strettou would bo suspoeted.' ' Why did you not cotno forward and toll tho truth ?' ' Becauso, I own it to you, Helen, I was a coward — for my sistor's sako more than for my own ! It would havo killed Lizzie to havo had my namo couplod with his death, and hor namo drugged in und compromised, as it must havo been. I thought to save my sister's good name aud peaco of mind. It was not uutil 1 was far away that I heard how Walter Strottou had been arrested and discharged for want of ; evidence. I thought tho matter ended thero j — was no more concern of miue. But I see now, a man's deed is a matter of liis lifo for ever — he can never get away from it ! ' 'And— your sister?' breathed Holen. 'Sho died! I took this silonco on my conscience for her sake, in vain. I seo now that it was a crime. But I didn't know — believe me, Helen, I nevor knew how Walter Stretton had suffered from'it. And I didn't know it was your heart I was nearly break ing ! But now it's not too lato to atone to you both. You wero his, first. I givo you back to him ! I'll give you a written state ment. tolling oxactly how Philip Stretton's death came about. If that's not enough, I'll go back to England and inako my declaration thero.' ' It is enough ! it shall be enough ! You aliall not go back to run tho smallest risk ! Oh, John, I oannot accept this sacrifice from you!' But yet, in her heart, sho knew, and ho know, that tho sacrifico was already accepted. When Walter Strotton came, oboying a message from Armstrong, to Weston's Grove, ho found John and Helen hand looked in hand, aud it was hard to say which was the paler in this parting hour. John turned and put Helen's hand in Walter's. ' Sho has a great deal to tell you, Law rence,' ho said, nnd his strong voioo shook a little. 'I'll leave you together.' Tears wero in Helen's eyes, but Johu Armstrong smiled, for the heart throb of sacrifico is a paiu that stings like joy. He turned, away and left them — together. 