CHRIST CHUfiCfl. THE GONSKC-R.ATION CEREMONY. Ciuist Church last night presented abril- liiuitsiKjctocle. The building was dutiiwLin floral white, as a bride at tite zuuitial Mtar.- -Somu nortion of artistic effect was noMoubt sicriRct-d by a -rigid adherence to the ; cmbiein of jwirity, but slil! the rich wealtii of flural white which confronted tlie visitor, as-' sociated as it was. u-ith tbc traditions of the cliurcli, was as coiDplete as iucronld xridi fw. i Bietenjioraiy screen, wmked joiit i«i chr3satli«nuins; was a credit to tke kdiffi who ventured on the 4uidertakiiig, paljrit with its - wbita "flowers," . "dhadedj and cmbossod in autamh grape T.vmc,' was a jwrfect art rtody. The- ditittai. jng font, whicii is always' a . chureh ornaanHrtation. bad agam -Leen «i- ' triisti to the Mis-sea nloane, arid <jaito udtisid their Torniiw i-ffortt. WetiafjefOfb rofenvd to the -<lalKiration»n witii K'hiellAlieMt WieB havejCMiMAljor, imrtien tif tijeiSecbialivi' .ot oot once agitilito «iliijiimi«it Mrem rij .taste ami ttgeBiifty. .. A te rirott A>vconti«f: «Mfiiitteritfm«Mit tx'ciusi jMcating deooratmg the choir stalls, festooning ihe pillazB, etc.. ijle Mies O. Bree, Mrs. MlSadiran, Miss Tadod end Miss Sharp assisted generally. 33te side armies were prettily adorned by Mrs. Gmnmpw and hlra Macartbur. A large white wreath composed of white chrysanthemums and maiden hair torn was sent by Mrs. Duimon, and placed upon the tablet erected to .the memory of the late Archdeacon Innes. T At S o'clock a procession was formed in the church grounds in the following order:— 1km- aer bearer, trumpeter, members of committee, clergy hi the reverse order of . seniority, the incumbent, Hon. S. W. Cooke (ad vocate . of the diocese, acting as registrar), the bishop and bishop suffragan and chaplains. To too music of the trumjiet the procession jwssed round the exterior of tho sacred edifice, the effect as seen inthe light of the full moon los ing siogularly impressive. Arrived at too principal entrance at tlie N. W. door, the pro cession jusscd in, proceeding up toe north aisle so far as to allow the whole of those marching to be within the building. A halt was then made, and Canon Hayman presented to toe bishop a jietition from himself as incum bent and the trustees, praying him to conse crate the church. Tho i>etit£on having benn read (ail the congregation standing) and toe bitoop having signified bis consent to do as requested. the ' profession proceeded to move round toe interior of the building, the choir singing psalm xxiv., "Tlie earth is tho Lord's." This, concluded, the bishop and clergy passed within the sanctuary, the other members of the pro cession taking the seats that hod been allotted for them. Tho deeds of toe church were then presented to' the bishop and these he layed together with the petition upon the holy table.. Certain suffrages were then recited by the bishop and toe congregation alternately, after which the bishop, addressing those as sembled, said, "Dearly beloved in die Lord, for as much as devout and holy men, as wU under the law as under the gospel, moved either by tho secret inspiration or the Holy Ghost, or by the express command of God, liave erected houses for the public worship of God, and separated them from all profane and . common uses, which godly practice hath a manifest tendency to fill men's minds with greater reverence for His Glorious Majesty, and affect their hearts with more devotion ana humility in His service. Let us not doubt but that He will also favourably approve our pre sent purpose of setting apart in solemn manner this jilnce for the several offices of religious worship, and let us faitli fully and devoutly beg His blessing on tiiis our undertaking. " The congregation then knelt, and the bishop offered up a prayer, invoking God to hallow the building now dedicated entirely to His service. This was followed by three other prayers, addressed severally to too three per sons in toe Trinity. After which the bisuup said, " God the Father, God "toe Son, God the Holy Gbosfc, accept, hallow and bless this place to the end where unto we separate it this day. The Lord with His favour graciously re gard our work, and send down upon this house His spiritual benediction and grace. Amen." Psalm c&xii.;, ' I was glad when they said unto me, we will go into the house of the Lord," was then sung. Then followed one of toe most striking parts of .the ceremony. The bishop, preceded by the incumbent and a clergyman bearing the pas toral staff, and attended by his chaplains, passed about the church, offering intercessions tor various classes of persons. At toe font, intercession was made for those who shall l» baptized ; at toe chanoel step, for those who shall be confirmed ; at the Communion rail, for communicants ; at the pulpit and lectern, for hearers; at toe Communion rail again, for those who shall be maimed ; and then at the altar, for those who diall make offerings and worship. After cadi of the intercessions a verse of Hymn 242, " We love the place, O God," appropriate to the jiarticular blessing sought, was sung by the choir and congregation. A short ascription followed. Then all standing up, toe sentence of Consecration was read aloud by the registrar and signed by the bishop, and by him ordered, with toe petition and other deeds, to be duly recorded and registered in the diocesan registry. The whole body of the clergy present then passed within the sanctu ary, ana grouped themselves around the bishop uixra the altar steps. The bishop then, facing the congregation and holding his staff in his left hand, said : — M I declare this church of Christ Church, Hamilton, to be now conse crated and set ai>art to God for ever, in the name of toe Father, and of tlie Son, and of the Holy Ghost.?' The choir burst forth with the joyous sevenfold Amen, aud the actual cere mony of consecration was completed. Choral evensong followed, the service being intoned by the Kev. C. Hudson. The lessons were read respectively hy Archdeacon Tucker and the suffragan bishop (former incumbents of the parish). His Lordship took for his text Psalm xciiL, 5\. " Holiness becomsth Thine house, O Lord, for evermore." He said — And is there any thing that holiness does not become ? O, real sanctity is the most winsome, the most irre sistible of things ! No beauty like "toe beauties of holiness." This is the oru&uient; xvito which God decorates Himself. " Rejoice iu the Lord, ye righteous," sings a Psalmist, "and give thanks at the remembrance of His holiness !" 44 How great Is His goodness," rejoins a prophet, "and how great is His beauty !" Indeed, there is nothing really loveable in the uuiverse, but what is holy, just as there is nothing really hateful except wickedness. Tlie attraction of true holiness has often found its cfcc gi \sjnvui in physical beauty, " the deepest of all moral symbols," Riugsley calls it ; in Joseph with his goodly iwrsou, David with his ruddy check. Daniel with his fair, full countenance, and Stephen with liis angel look. And where did they get their comeliness? O, where toe seraphs got theirs, and Moses his shining face, by reflection from the Holy One ! In our own day, do we never look on faces that mirror something of the Heavenly? It is not regu larity of failure that yields the charm of which wo £>cak, it is holiness within, hanging the Shochinak-cloud without. A heart sprinkled from sin, sweetly andcboragcously calm, because trusting always and absolutely m the love of a L¥eooncilMi Father, radiates on outward bright ness, a fragrance, a magnetism that can no more be defined than it can be counterfeited. "I will draw all men unto Me," said toe holiest of mankind, aud those who liave His mind and His image in that measure are magnetic themselves. If knowledge is iwvver, holiness is beauty. It is the true sunshine on toe landscai»e of & human life! Holiness par excellence " becometh !" But wbattiur text says is, that holiness makes God's House beautiful. It links sanctity and comeliness together in tite place of prayer. Clearly the material scauctuary is meant. The entire group of jfcalms to which this H ninety -third belongs re late to public worship ; they speak of tlie hill of the Lord, the gates of the Lord, His Tabetv nadn, Hiscoarts. The argument of our Psalm' is this: If God'sdignity.and tnigh£,&ndeternity;, and faithfulness are what nature shows them to be, how solemn and reverend a thing His Worship must be, how sacredly beautilnl in our eyes should be tlie scene of it ! It is akin to Jacob's .thought, when toe Lord met with hiui, and he tot up a stone to mark the site of a Banctuary that rose there after waj«ds. "How. dreadful ie this place; this is nose other than toe Houseof God !" But the Old Testament conception of toe scene of worship is not only a plAcc of separation and. solemnity but of hal lowed beauty ; sis o holiness bocometh God s House. And is the New Testament conception of it other than this? Was the glorious gospel likely to be less in sym>atoy with toe reverential Instincts and emotions of worshii>- ping man than Mosaistn? Was there likely to be a scantier . measure of beauty and of i>oetry in the evangel of love than in the fiery Jaw? Some spealc'as if this were so, and seem to bold that under, too latter and more spiritual "dispenaatidn," as it is technically called, places and things may not have holiness -attributed to or conferred Immn than, and, by consequence, that visible I rf2lbols of beauty in the Bcene of ?S|Kin«m»3ooE arid njtdligeiiib 4x4p6 GM>- J ""Sorter rina«rto »Mdusiwngtfi<Hl ,ric Ure J !£;"Xiiere in "unconsoions and unintelligent j SI'JVOic latter cannot he s.irifly. . Biit 1 acred, and thoee who wotdd jay , ?""%) f/Von tbat it u umiiintu M4 ! alds_ 10 \nality, to ''oonsecrate im- j SVS&SKSRgftSSSKI; lifting nj» bol Y handTj St. Deter, who says be wm wift Jesns. 0 Mount, and «hSsX« of a Holy City ; aynitb tbe Dord wlo « toofe hn-zd aiidM(««ed it, to say nakof alj tbeirsldj JawrCUwstians toay, «»«ariaaaHo5y Day, ana ;-Tbej«F jsiitial jptlwlinessiVMIttriiS anrender .to the eery»ce-oja HidyjCodAyi , mas ffim, mar,npt»brW.4«lBW ilteiid hy ajeaet rt?y que VfexaOfwaored ffwdd just as the king is royal in his rank and call- 1 ing, and theretore Ebould be solemnly crowned. If any ask where a religious service at toe con secration. of a church is prescribed in toe New Testament, one may ask-in reply, where does it prescribe a religious service at the marriage or funeral of a Christian? It seems sufficient . reason for churches not being dedicated in New Testament days that there were no churches to dedicate. . Directly the church be gan to possess buildings of her own to worship in, she began to consecrate them, as she has been, doing ever since. Was it superstition or healthy sentiment that made toi Roman Emperor leave his diadem and Ins guards their arms outside when' lit entered a cathedral, and even the fierce Goto respect the . asylum afforded by a church ? There seems to me a suggestive analogy between con secrating a church and consecrating the ele ments in the eucharist. That intrinsic, metaphysical change passes over toe substance of the consecrated brrad and wine, there is no sufficient reason whatever to assert or believe, yet shall they be toe whereabouts of an un earthly presence, the vehicle ot spiritual foroe to toe believing recipient, ahd, as set apart for such a lofty function, may not fitly be treated with ought but reverential handling. Did David awesomely pour out before toe Lord toe water from Bethlehem's beleaguered well, be cause it represented to nis heart the perilled lives of his heroic followers, and shall the wine that stands for the most irecious blood that ever flowed be no tallowed, holy tiling in our esteeem? There has been smitten into it, for the faithful soul, the very presence of his Redeeming Lord. It is in conformity wi'ji some subtle but pro foundly operative law of our nature, that, to a lire mac's heart, there should be a difference between toe bread he crumbles at his dinner table and the bread put into his palm at toe rails. And to the live man's heart there will be a difference between unconsecrated and consecrated places. Refuting utterly to analyse or define, we say that there has been smitten into the hallowed sanctuary the presence of the unseen Lord, for all to whom faith has imparted receptivenoss of that pres ence. The consecration of her templos by the Clmrch of Christ is no mere picturesque but cm|gy form. The power of the keys effectuates it. u Whatsoever ye shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven." You will treat your consecrated church then, good people, somewhat on the principle ion which toe S&ccamental; elements are to be treated. It is very significant, for mo, that our Saviour would not suffer any vessel to be carried oven through the outer courts of the Temple, because it was His Father's house. The de fence of the spirit of reverence is at the out posts. Externals will never jwoduoe that spirit, but they can be toe rightful exponents of it, and can aid and foster it when there. The child never trained respectfully to salute his master, or his elders, will be the more likely to forget Lis duty to his parent, and veneration of his Maker. We are soul aud body, and toe religious discipline of the outward and the inward should go together. ' What God hath joined let no man put asunder." My brethren, irotr a consecrated church it will be found wise to exclude at all times, whether service is on or no, all loud laughter, noisy talk, or rollicking, boisterous action. Let men always uncover here, let all speak softly. It is the habitation of God's house, the plaoe where His honour dwdfdh ! And in service, O, let our gestures befit the consecrated place 1 What do we find in Scripture ? " Put off thy tiioe," says one text, " toe place whereon thou standest is holy ground 44 Lift up toy hands in the sanctuary," says another ; "Stand up and lfless the Lord," says a third ; " Worship, and bow down, and kneel," says a fourth; butl no where read " take thine ease, O worshipper, redioe in a cushioned corner, lounge, or loll, or squat, while prayer is offered before toe Holy One !" O, shall men bow themselves low in the house of Riromon, shall heathen prostrate themsclvr-s before grim, sanguinary idols, and we deny the homage of a bended knee to such a God as ours? I speak this to the to sine of some of you, my brethren ! Let tlie consecra tion of your church be toe date from which you kneel at public worship. I think I have said quite enough by this time b? way of vindication of our consecrating Christ Church, Hamilton, and exposition of what we mean by doing it. I will only make one more reference in this connection. Athasasius has been quoted against the con secration of churches, and by no less a thinker than Xeander, a great authority with onr non- episcopal fellow Christians. The&ayingquoted; from him is in effict, tbat Christ bids as pray in our chambers, so tiiat do placs is too profane for prayer. No ona would have been more as tounded than Athanasius by the use thus made of his words, by those who fail toobserre their context. He only spoke them in justification of his holding services in a church on an emergency, before the day which he himself had fixed for its solemn consecration ! Atba- natius no more disparaged consecration of churches than we do ; assuredly, we no more disparage toe closet, or buildings not yet con secrated as places of prayer, than lie did. We may remind our hod -consecrating friends that our Lord significantly bids us shut the door of our closet for private worship. Consecrating a church is analogous to tbat instruction ; it is just significantly " shutting its door" for public worship. No, thoonlyquestion tbat remains is, why have we waited 21 years and more before wk consecrated Christ Church ? And toe an swer is, because it was not ours to consecrate. You cannot fid' surrender wholly- to God " for evermore that on whicli your creditor has any claim, whether legal or moral. Wo had built our church, but had not paid for it | till Aigust last. Now, at length, after i jiatieut work and waiting, it is absolutely ours, and we may give it away to whom wo wilL j And this day wc have sofemnly given it away ! to our God " for evermore. s> Yes, for ever- ' more." I know of no reason why the site on which we have ta-n worshipping to-night should ever be taken back for common and secular uses. There are churches standing to day in England in which Christian worship lias been umntenuittentiy celebrated Cor 1200 years, and in which there is no ap parent reason why its celebration should not . continue. There are. church sites on which ueu lave worshipped Christ from the second ccr.tury oF toe Christian era, and do so sow, and expect their posterity to do toe same to all future generations. I know of only one thing that wiu be sure to terminate toe'ehurch's worship in toe earthly temple. What is -tiiat?/ Its transference to toe Heavenly 2 O, sanctity- of tiiat temple ! O, the beauty of its worship ! For ever and for evermore, -iudeed, shall holiness become that House of God ! But docs not St. John say of Heaven, " I saw no Temple therein-? He .does, and in toe same book he says the glorified "servo God day and night in Hjb Temple nay, they themselves shall be made pillars " in the Temple of my God." Glorious : discrepancy ! . Sweet contradiction 1 There is aTemple in -Heaven, and there is none ! T%e wise will understand to set apart a place for communion with God, up there, would be tocur- tail Heaven VbJess0dncs6 and impair its glory by limiting to a part of Paradise toe rapturous engagementrthat will pervade italL If John saw no temple there, assuredly it is not be cause it has no holy place, but because it is itself toe Holy of Holies of the uni verse ; not faec&UBetoere; is no houseof God there, but be cause His presence, enjoyed without hindrance orjdi struct ion, fills all the glorious scene ; not because there is no worship, but becauso there \- are no obstacles to worship requiring to be ex- ; eluded? The consecrated plftce Biff not be , needed, bivauw nothing can outer Jtii wt that . defileth. And eo there is no templcioHeaven \ simply because all of it is God's dwdlitt place and He Himself, its Temple- Bnt eafeto £& I not heaven. The distinction 'between socular and sacred belongs to thiB drt j earthly- state, and it were folly to lgnoitt ..it That which tnakus a consecrated tempi a soperfl'Bty mtbeoofi case, makes itaneoes- ntyin the other. l I saw no temple therein " ; H tlie grandest tiling that can be said of j Heaven ; it would be the most fearful report !-toai enuid be made -of Rnv nlam on artii1 fed no qnalroof/iuate .Chatinsittwriiig tan tbeae wirfde za D i3or»6ait» lte , W oleqre itn- a my text, but Intimate ap- wocfl8:»re<a>lunged lyitti. Aly \zren,. ith B4i>propn»ten«8)» oSp >%£ ? nHLHovthftlyoiir fmm all ortfll.VusbanFKwo-S: to Goa's -Bervioe. to jeiiib thaK1!- oouut foe. J stones that lasto Jburdi, t»s® SOT, "TtoTblppt oonsiBteth not imuurawft awsffi #Bc@PE3sfc AyJ>4BSNBraS' 4i jJi?1. AiiMErlifai 1 1 'mil Ar iSMTM urge -on men a dose ' walk. Gods 1 to can YigUsctly for- ibe : purity £i»d .1 fitness and availaLleness of tlie services of I public worship, and to ptodsun and press onl all the moinentons consequence of die "over I more," the life ontading that lies beyond j mortality and "the passing show," for these I things a bishop is to live and Dboor, and all his foncdons of adntiniidrafion and of rule j lead up to those chief purposes. With snob 1 dread responnlnlities to meet, bow ooold any j bishop— least of all snch an .one as I— make a 1 retrospective journey over a SSyeare' episco pate. and not return in team! For innumer able forgetf ulncsses, fraillaea, foobshnesses, and failures in his service of God through his own greyions fault, lie lord pardon bis un worthy servant. Of yourselves, too, dear fellow-cburch-folk of Hamilton, I ask forgive ness in bidding you fare well, it in anything you have bad real cause to blame me. I tender you my heartfelt thanks tor doing mo justice, indeed of late even more than justice; thanks that you have believed (as assuredly you were right in doing) that I was always at least an honest man, longing for your good, and trying my best to do what was right and wisest for you in the fulfilment of my office, rum that wet day is September, 1875, when t held in Hamilton the .first confirmation at which I ever officiated, the subject (as I re- member I was at the time) of intense agitation, born of a strong dread of failure in so high a function and of the tenderest yearning for the blessing of the candidates ;frotn thai day I say, down to the present hour, the relation of a bishop to the faithful in a parish can hardly be ao pereonal and intimate s tbat of /their own load pastor, and yet a special, aye, and a not nnteader bond seems . somehow to have linked my heart to the 'laity of Hamil ton ; and it is with an emotion that prerentB my daring to speak any longer to you now, that I look for the last time round this comely, crowded church, and bid you all — so far ait this wodd goea— Farewell ! t 