Concerning Federation. The South Australian Premier was in hopes that the Commonwealth Bill would come into operation soon enough to have the Pederal elections during the month of October, and he was so certain of this that he comforted mem bers of Parliament with the idea that the present session would be a short one and thus gave currency to the belief that it was not worth while the Op position organizing their forceB to make an attack on the Treasury benches on the ground that Mr. Holder and perhaps sorue of his col- ! leagues would be soon wafted to the higher regions of the Pederal Parlia ment and the result aimed at would j come about speedily in the natural j order of things. No doubt the wish for the speedy realization of feder ation was father to the thought. The definite announcement of Mr. Cham berlain that the establishment of the Commonwealth will not be proclaimed uutil January 1. 1901, alters the com plexion of things so far as affairs in the local legislature are concerued. The session, instead of ending some time in October, can now meander on till near Christmas; and Parliament will now hare plenty of time for to thresh out the proposals of the Minis try for the economies in govern ment absolutely necessary on the advent of federation. On this question their can be no doubt the Ministry are dilly-dallying. It will be an unpleasant duty and a tough job, and probably Mr. Holder would have preferred his ascent to the Feder al Parliament taking place before this question was discussed. Mr. Holder has evidently been sounding the j Governments of the various colonies I joining the Federation about an elected convention to remodel the constitutions of the various States, but they do not care to fall in with the proposal, con sidering it is the duty of each State to remodel its own constitution on a basis that will suit their respective circumstances, environments, and cus toms. The publi&ate; convinced that drastic changes in the direction of the; cost of government'are required to be made, and they expect the work to be taken in hand as soon as possible now that Federation is a certainty. We recognise that it will require patriotic sacrifices to be made by members of Parliament, and therefore there is an inclination to shrink the work or put it off as long as possible. The Premier has now settled down to the conviction that the Federal elections cannot tahe place before March of next year; and if necessary the session should be ex tended over Christmas to complete the work,of remodelling the constitution. It would seem from the Common wealth Constitution '.hat the Governor General can form a Ministry before the elections for tie Federal Parlia ment take place, and if any member of the Administration b not returned he must cease holding cffice on the expira tion of three months from the first general election. The first act the Governor-General will do will be the formation of an Executive Council to advise him in making preparations for the establishment of federation. It is stated that Mr. Batton is booked as first; Premier; and to doubt Messrs. Deakin, Kingston and Dickson will be offered seats in the Ministry; and Mr. Holder is credited with being in the running as the first Federal Treasurer. It will not do to have too many lawyers in tbe Cabinet. There is a big row brewi g over the question as to where the Govenior Gereral will take up his residence. He will no doubt land in Sydney, and be formally welcomed there, but it is clear that he will have to reside in Melbourne, where the federal Govern ment is to be temporarily located until the Parliament fixes on a Federal capital not less than 100 miles distant from Sydney]'in New South Wales. Sydney has therefore no claim what ever to the Governor-General residing there. The New South Wales Parlia ment have no power to fix a site for the capital; that duty has been con ferred upon the Federal Parliament. But so far as the general public of Australia is concerned they do not care one Btraw where the Governor General resides as long as he is in a convenient place to discbarge bis duties and bis advisers have easy access to him. The Commonwealth Bill is clear that the temporary seat of Govern ment is to be Melbourne until a permanent Federal capital is fixed upon, and as the Governor-General is as much a part of the Government as bis Cabinet or Parliament it follows that he should be located where they are. It is true that the clause in the Bill referring to the matter only states that "If Victoria be an original state the Parliament shall, sit at Melbourne until it meets at the seac of Govern ment," but the intention of the framers of the clause was undoubtedly that the ■ temporary seat of Government should be Melbourne until a permanent seat of Government was fixed upon by the Federal Parliament. Let us look at the question from another point of view. The condition attached to the clause in the Bill specifying where the seat of Government is to be is that New South "Wales must be an original estate. If New South Wales had not been an original estate—and it should be remembered that at the time the referendum was taken there were well founded doubts about her joining the Federation — the clause fixing the capital in New South Wales would have become null and void; and the Federal Parliament would have had i me onus ttirown upon it of fixing the seat of Government. Moreover, if there hadjbeen federation without New South Wales, which we admit is somewhat doubtful, the Governor-General as a matter of course would have taken up his residence in Melbourne in accord ance with the provisions of the Bill, and it would have looked absurd if Adelaide, Hobart, or Brisbane put in a claim for the residence of the Governor General. Of course the same argu ment applies to Victoria, if she was not an original estate joining the federation, but it shows tbe absurdity of tbe claim put up by tbe New South Wales Government for the Gover nor - General to take up bis residence in Sydney. Sydney has no more right to claim the Governor General's residence than Adelaide, Brisbane, or Hobart; indeed, if there is any State capital barred in tbe Com monwealth Bill from having any lot or parcel in the seat ef Government it is Sydney. The only place positively specified in the Bill as the temporary seat of Government is Melbourne; and there is no specific locality men tioned for the permanent seat of Government; and it should be remem bered in connection with this matter that the Federal Parliament has the power to alter any clause in the Com monwealth Constitution, even to abrogating the proviso that the seat of Government shall be in New South Wales, On our fourtb page will be found news let ters from our Wolseley, Frances, and Lucin dale correspondents, a report of Arbor Day at •Stewart's Range, and other matter. Football.—A meeting of the members of the Narraooorte Football Club waB held at the Institute on Tuesday evening, July 23. Mr. T. Adam6 presided over a fair attendanoe. A letter was read from the Seorebary of the Kingston Football Club asking that a date should be fixed for playing the return match at Kingston, and stating that it was probable a matoh would be arranged with the Luoin dale Club to be played at Kingston on the morning of the same day as the match with the Narraooorte team. On the proposition of Mr. G. Chaplin, seconded by Mr. R. Adams, it was resolved that the return matoh with the Kingston Clnb be played on Wednesday, August 8, at Kingston. A special tram will be ohartered for the ocoasion, and the public will have an opportunity of making a trip to the seaside and witnessing the oontest there. It was proposed by Mr. Anson, seconded by Mr. G. Ohaplin, and carried, that the Secre tary be instructed to write and offer the Fenola Olub to play their team with their own um pire (Mr. Balnaves) at Narraooorte on the 4th of August, or any time convenient to them. The Seoretary of the Fort Adelaide Olub wrote offering to send a team to the South East to play a series of matohea at Narraooorte, Penola, and Mount Gambier, against .either local or oombined teams. He estimated that the whole expenses of the trip would amount to about £80. The Seoretary was instructed to write to the Mount Gambier and Fenola olubs asking what amount they were prepared to give in regard to.defraying the expenses of the Port Adelaides visit to. the distriot, and to forward them a oopy of the letters received. The matter of playing a matoh at Border.; Town waa disonssed, bub nothing definite was deoided on till oomplete arrangements were made as to the engagements with the Fenola ■ and Kingston Clnbs.. Avobe of thanks to the Chairman closed the meeting. St. Andrew's PbesbytebianOhuboh.—The annual meeting of the congregation of St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church was held on Wednesday evening, the minister (Rev. T. J. Smith, M.A.) presiding over a good attend anoe. The reports of the. Kirk Session and Deaoons' Court showed that the past year had been a very satisfactory one. The finances were in a good oondition, and ths spiritual welfare of the Church had been progressive. These reports, with those of the other societies connected with the Church, were adopted. The proposal for the disjunction of the ohnrobes in the South-East from the Victorian Assembly and attaching them' {to .the South Australian Assembly was considered, and .the following resolution was carried'That this meeting of the Narraooorte congregation is' of the opinion that properly speaking the Churches in the South-East should be attached to the Assembly of South Australia, bat cannot see its way to recommend any ohange unless it be unani mously adopted by the other ohurohea of the Presbytery who are in South Australia " We have been oompelled to hold over our report of the meeting. Sixpenny Concert.—On Tuesday evening tbe nsual monthly sixpenny oonoert was held in St. Paul's Sohoolroom. The Rev. S. J. Bloyd presided, and there was a fairly numer ous audienoe. The members of the Narra ooorte Band opened the programme with an overture, played with good effeot. Miss Hollis sang suooessfnlly "The .Lighthouse," and Mrs. R. Thomson rendered in good style "The officer's funeral." A humorous musical sketoh entitled "Camomile Tea" was given by Mrs.! Prinoe, and Misses Hollis, Tidy, | MoGilohriet, and Lawrenoe. and caused a good i deal of fun in the audience. Miss V. LawrenoB gave a pleasing rendition of " Bid me to love." Miss Wiloken recited "Killie crankie" with good expression. Mr. George Francis was highly amusing in his oomio ditty "A little bit off the top," and had to respond to-an-enoore. Mr. L. A. DeGaris recited "Faithless lovers," and Mr. Wiloken gave a humorous reading. The band played as a second overture an attraative march entitled "Bonyip." Misses DeGaris and Sobinokel rendered very nicely tbe duet " The nightin gale and the rose." Mr. A. Sbeldrick reoited " My first recital—and last," which he gave successfully. Miss Alios Campbell sang in good style "Theoows are in tbe clover," and was well reoeived. Mr.' Kerr's reoiting of "Shamns O'Brien" proved one of the items of the evening. A deserved encore was awarded him, which was duly acknowledged. Mr. O. Schinokel, who was in good form, gave a capi tal rendering of the comio song "I can't change it." An encore was demanded, and Mr. Sohinckel sang " I didn't know till after wards."' A laughable afterpiece entitled xne ariose in rue xawnsnop, in wnica line charaoters were taken by Mr. G. Francis (the negro servant). Mr. 7. Prinoe (the pawn broker), and Mr. A. MoFaydeu (the ghost) conolnded the entertainment. Mr. Frauois was extremely funny as the blaok servant, and Mr. Prince made a good "boss." Railway Convenience Between Mount Gaubieb and Nabbaooobte.—The Railway Department hat deoided to attaoh a oarriage one way as far as Narraooorte to the goods' train which leaves Monnt Gambler on Mon days, Wednesdays, and Fridays at 10.10 a.m. The train passes through Penola at 12 noon, and arrives at btarraooorte at 1.36 p.m. The train leaves Narracoorto for Wolseley at 1.57 p.m. Edenhofe Show.— The show season, so far as this district is conoerned, will open on Wednesday next, when the annual exhibition of the Kawree 7. & A.Sooietywill take place at JSdenhope. There are always a number of sheep and other exhibits from the South-Eaa at the Edenhope show, and this year will be no exoeption to the rale. _ Doubtless a good number of visitors from this part will also bs present at the Kowree Shire annual agricul tural festival. Stock fob Mabket.—During the past week ■took baa been consigned from Soulh- Eastern railway stations to the oity as follows:— Mount Gambier : Mr. E.. G. Hood, 2 vans of borse*; Mr. R. Hetheriugton, 1 van of oattle and 3 vans sheep; Messrs. Livingston &: Yates, 2 vans aheep and 1 van oattle; Mr. D. Collins, 1 van of aheep; Mr. W. G. Pannell, 3 vana of aheep; Mr. T. Edwards, 1 van cattle. Kalangadoo : Mr. Plate, 1 van oattle; Mr. G. Riddooh, 1 van cattle; Mr. R. J. Holland, 2 vans sheep; Mr.. H. Hart, 1 van aheep; and Mr.:. Holzgrefe, 1 van 8heep. Narraooorte: Mr.-Wright, 1 van aheep; and Messrs. Thomson ahd Co., 1 van pige. Football.— Town v. Country.—A football match between teams representing the town ; and conntry will be played on the looal oval: on Saturday. Play will oommehoe at 3 o'clock, and the teams will be constituted as follows: —Town—T. and G. Chaplin, H. Jens, P. ; Ruth, A. E. Rumball, L. Symes, A. W. Anson, J. Manton, A. Medlin, D. Campbell, T. Pinkerton, A. Sheldrick, L. Axford, G. Goddard, C. G'Leary, W. Thomson, J. Mel bourne, Arthur Sheldriok,' and C. Spry. Country—J. Bradley, A. and R. Tidy, W. Hack, S. Bates, B. and D. McBain, R. and H. Munn, A. McLeod, J. McLean, A. and J. McPhee, H. Bates, W. Hansford, G. Mac- Kenzie, A. Stewart, and F. Spry. In view of important matohes that are coming off, it is to be hoped the players will turn out in full num bers, for the local men are muoh in need of praotioe. ' Ladies' Benevolent Society.— A meeting of the Sooiely was held at the Institute on July 19. It was reported that four lots of clothing had been given away daring the month. Thia being the final meeting for the year the President was requested to arrange with the Rev. -T. J.-Smith for a public meet ing to eleot a new Committee, Secretary, and Treasurer. A Rifle ClOB.—A movement ia on foot here for the formation of a Rifle Club. It was first intended to form a club under the Defences Aot, but it has been found that the Government will .not aanotion the es tablishment of each a olub in the same plaoe where a volunteer oorps exists, It has there fore been decided to form a private Olub, and steps are being taken to bring the movement -to a practical issue, We understand that Mr. Sohinokel has given permission to the Oiub to have a rifle range on bis property. Tbansfkb of Leases.—The following appli cations have been made for transfer of leases: —Perpetual, Hd. of Short, from E., S., and A. Bank to F. W. Kilsbv; right of purchase, Hd. of Blanohe, from £, K. Ploenges to G. Thomas. Military.—On Monday afternoon most of the members of the Mounted Infantry Corps turned out for drill instruction. Sergeant Major Herbert, drill instructor to the Mount Gambier Mounted Oorps, was in attendance, and drilled the men in Mr. Magarey's paddock below the Hospital. The company went through their movements satisfactory. In the evening a representative of Messrs, Shierlaw and Co., of Adelaide, measured the men for their uniforms. Rabbits fob Export.—From the commence ment of the season up to July 2L 797,048 rab bits have been treated in the frozen works of the Port Adelaide Produoe Depot, the quan tity for the corresponding period of last year being 341,968. The quantity now on band is Nabraooobtb Agbicultubal School.—In the Assembly some days ago the Minister of Education told Mr. Peake his attention had been drawn to the report of Mr. Inspector Neale, in which it was said, with respect to the agricultural class at Narraooorte, that if suitable accommodation were provided and a detailed curriculum worked out, valuable work oould be done. No request for any special aooommodation had been received. Mr. Neale had been asked to report as to what acoommodatioh was neoessary. The qnestion of a detailed ourrionlum was under con sideration. Junior Football. —Lochaber v. Stewart's Range.—Our Stewart's Range correspondent writes :—"A football match between the Loch- aber and Stewart's Range junior footballers was played at Lochaber on Saturday, the 21st inst., and after a good display of the popular winter game it ended in a victory for the visit- ing team. Mr. S. A. Bates acted as central umpire, and gave every satisfaction to both teams. Mr. H. Williams was timekeeper and goal umpire for Lochaber, and Mr. B. McBain carried out similar duties for the Range boys. The Loohaber ladies with their usual hospital ity provided tea for the visiting team, and the' boys spent a most enjoyable day. ' The scores at the end of the various quarters were:—First quarter—Stewart's Range, 1 goal, 1 behind; Lochaber, 1 behind.. Second quarter—Range, 1 behind; Loohaber, 2bekinds. Third quarter— Range, 1 goal 2 behinds; Loohaber, 1 goal ! behind. Four quarter—Range, 1 goal 2 be hinds; Loohaber, ail. Total—flange, 3 goals 6 behinds; Loohaber, 1 goal4behinds. .The best players for L'oohaber were—J. Giiy, G. Williams, W. Thurlow, L. Hales, G. Thurlow, and G. McIntosh. Those who were most prominent in the Range team were—A. and C. McBain, L. Bates, J. Garter, W. Fennell, W. Redman and H. Hack. The teams were con- stituted as follows:—Lochaber—W. Thurlow (capt.), J. Guy, G. Williams, A. Williams, P., G.and H. Thurlow, L. Hales, L. Harold, W. Williams, Vr. Williams and (J. Molntosta. Stewart's Range—A. McBain (capt.), C. Mc- Bain, L. Bates, Gr. Bates, W. Hack, W. and R Fenoell, R. Redman, YV. Redman, J. Garter, C. Stuart, A. Williams and G. Coutanche. The "Register" Shilling Was Fond.— The Regular Shilling War Fund was olosed when 200,030 shillings (£10,000) had been re ceived. The proprietors then annonnoed that all further sums would be divided among charities devoted -to ohildren, unless special, directions were sent that they should be for warded to the PatriotioFund. The suggestion has been accepted by the additional contri butors and by the end of the month the Register proposes to arrange to distribute the money; which will amount to between £400 and £500 Tatlara District Council.— An election for the Border Town Ward of the Tatiara District Council will be held on Saturday nest. The candidates are [Messrs. John Hay, John Green, William Fletoher and Thomas Stanton. There is one vacancy to be filled. Agricultural Education at Schools.— There are three agricultural.sohools or classes in South Australia," viz., Adelaide, Narra coorte, and Jamestown. The Minister of Agriculture tells Parliament that two teaobers have been trained for agricultural classes at J amestown and Narraooorte. At the Ade laide sohool 230 pnpils have received instruc tion in elementary agriculture, fruit culture, viticulture, and branches of education bearing on these subjeots. Seven scholarships at the Roaeworthy Agricultural College have been won, three boys have passed the'examination in the theory of butter • making, and one scholarship at the School of Mines has been won. Experiments in wheat growing have been carried on, but as the Bparrows hare done the reaping instead of the boys no tabulated results oould be made. The Minister does not. state how the country classes are getting on. A South-Easterner in the Hunting Fieid.—During the run of the Melbourne hounds on Saturday Mr. Henderson, of Laurie Park, Narracoorte, had a narrow esoape from serious injury. His horse, which be bronght with him, toppled over at one of the fenoes, and appeared to roll on him.77 To every one's '■ astonishment he was able to get up and re mount, hiB injuries consisting merely of some I bad bruises on the body and extensive i abrasions on the face. Government Grants fob Main Roads.— The Government has hot yet determined the amount of money to be provided for the main tenance of main roads this year. There are no monies available for construction, and it is not oertain whether the Government will under take to provide any further grants for main. roads for construction purposes. The Treasurer,, in an answer to a question put in Parliament, said he thought it was time, if they oould do so, to dispense with loans for the construction of roads. Probate has been granted to the will of the late Mrs. Botterill, who for many years was a resident of the Western district of "Victoria, and who formerly was a resident of Narraooorte. The amount is £4601. Db. A. Engelhabt, of Kingston, has been appointed medioal officer to attend the desti tute poor witbm thedistriot of Lacepede. Preparing for Federation.—At Port land a league has beeu formed for the pro motion of the proposal of a line of railway from Mount Gambier to Portland. Speaking at the meeting at whiob the formation of the league was decided upon, Mr. H. N. Keid, manager of the Portland Freezing Works (as reported by the Observer) thought some defin ite purpose Bhould be embodied in the motion for forming a league, and suggested oonueotion with the Wimmera. At Horsham last year, (states the Horsham Times) at a Federation meeting under the auspioiea of the A.N.A., he suggested that they should devote their energies to getting direat .railway oommuni cation with their natural port, Portland. Ue poinoed out that .the Portland Freezing Com pany wonld be large buyers of aheep in that district, and the saving in freight by a direot route would be a gain of 6d a head on aheep to the paatoraliat. The Horsham people com plained that while they were ever ready to co operate with Portland in railway matters the people at this end were dilatory. He suggest ed that the A.N.A. at Horsham be asked to extend their assistance to the league. r8KKViOKTON;^A~-iiew -public hall-has been • erected at Service ton at a cost of £125. It was formally opened on the 13th intt. by an enter tainment whioh realized £20. -'Lighthouse Resebves.—Section 121, fid., of MaoLonnellj-has' been granted as a reserve for theidape'Worthuinberland lighthouse, a block in-the'fid,' of Mount Benson between Seotions 61^62and.01,- as a reserve for the Cape Jaffa lighthouse, and the whole of Penguin Island as a reserve for the Penguin Island lighthouse. These reserves have been plaoed under the care, oontrol, and management of the Marine Board. IDeath op the Rev. Wm, Bbadley.—Our readers will remember that twelve months ago or more the Rev. William Bradley, the travel-: ling representative of the Australian Christian World, visited Narracoorte, and oonduoted services in the Wesley an and Presbyterian Churohes. We regret to ohroniole the death of the rev. gentleman, whioh happend under very sudden oiroumatances a week or so ago.' On June 16 Mr. Bradley left .Sydney apparently in the best of health; for an extended toiir in the Western district of New South Wales. While atNymagee he was walking along the street on Friday afternoon, the 6th inst., and was observed to stumble and fall.. When picked up life was extinct. It is supposed that - Mr. Bradley's sudden death was dne to heart disease.- Mr. Bradley leave* a widow and two married daughters and three sons. We feel that many of our readers will regret to hear of his death. A NUHBEB of invalided soldiers, members of the Australian Contingents, will arrive from South Afrioa in the steamer Karamea in a few days. There are 30 Yiotorians, 4 South Aus tralians,- and 50 New South Wales men on board. They will land in Tasmania. The Wilgena Tin Field.—Tin m well me gold has been discovered at Wilgena, in the Far North, and great expectations are being formed of the value of the discovery. Several 'syndicates have been formed to proepeot several olaims, and a quantity of tin ore bas been brought to Adelaide for assay. From a bulk sample of 4| lb. of ore 9 oz. of concentrates of the metal were handwashed, and an essay of it gave 60'85 per cent, of metallic tin, which is eqnal to 7i per cent, in the bulk. The average percentage of the tin mines of the world is 2 per cent. The ore is generally on the surface, which will be oonducive to unexpensive work ing, We hope the bright anticipations wi}l be realized. Tin at present is £140 per'ton. The Cafe-AcstbalianCablb.—The Eastern Extension Telegraph Company are making vigorous preparations forcable communication between tne Cape and Australia. The cable will enter the Australian mainland near Fre mantle. Western Australia, and thence it will be taken on to South Australia, and be landed at the Grange, in Largs Bay. It is expected to be ready in 18 months. The company are about to ereot offices at the Grange costing £10,000. When the cable is completed the time occupied in the transmission of messages between London and Australia will be largely reduced and the cost will be reduoed from 7s per word, tbe rate now ruling at present, to 2i pd per word. Scholastic. — The following appointment* are announced in the last issue of theEdvusatWiv Gazette-.—Provisional Teachers— Bnokingbam, Miss Mabel M. Miller; Oarew, Miss Gene veive Annie Conway; Hundred of Joanna, Miss Mary E. Hood; The Pinery, Miss E. Cuokeley; Hundred of Kobertson, Miss E. Munro. Miss ML Sibberin, provisional teacher at Monbulla. has received leave of absence from Jnly 1 to September 29. Nobwich Union Fibs Inbubanok Com pany.—We have been kindly furnished with a oopy of the report and balanoe-sheet of the Norwich Union Fire Office for the year ending 31st December last. It disoloses the gratify ing fact that the net premium income'. af the Society has now reached'the sum of £961,000, being an inorease of over £20,000 upon the inoome for tbe previous year. At this rate the Norwioh Union bids fair in the course of a year < r two to join tbe ranks of tbe very few Fire Offices whose annual nett premiums exceed one million sterling. The ptiriod under review, thongh a far from prosperous one for Fire Insurance Companies generally, has in no ivav affeoted the sound financial- position which this Society doting tbe one hundred and threB years of its existenoe bas invariably maintained; Apparently the Norwich it more popular than ever with the insuring public, due no doubt to its name for fair dealing and 1 to a policy ^of enterprise combined with able management. : 