PARLIAMENT. [B Oun SEjPmr BEoBon.]• LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. YESTEBDAY'S PROCEEDINGS. CONOILIATION AND A~BBITBATION. A~OTeeB petition, this time presented by Mr. Lesln, on behalf of 640,workers of Clermono, in favour of oompoluory arbitration and conellia tion, was reoeived. Mr. Browne also preoented a petition from 600 Bundaberg people on the same pubj oh; and Mr. Dawson one from. a large number of Charters Towers workers. A BESUBRBEOTION. Mr. Glassey resorreoted the esobjet of the shearers' strike in giving notioe of his intention to move on Friday, the 19th Instant, that an eddress should be preensted to hsla Exoellenoy the Governor praying that, in view of the approaching consummation of the A.e tralian Oommonwealth, and of the tmranqiliity in the relations between employer and em ployed in Queeneland, the royal oleseeey should be essended to the prisoners who were conviated and sentenoed in. 1896. tor arson in oonnection with the shearere' strike of 1894, and that they should be released. The pri sonero referred to were Edward owling, David Bowes, John Loyola, eand James Martin. UNRULY KANAKAS. Mr. Lseeina, without notice, asked the Home Seoretary whether he had made cay effort to asocertain particulars regarding the affray that took place at lagham some three or four weke ago among a number of kanakas. The Home Secretary: I know of no such nocarrence. Mr. Lesina thean gave noteice ot his intention to ask on Tuesday if the Home Seoretary woucld instruoot the police authorities to make special inquiries with respect to this alleged outrage. The member for Olermont also desired to be informed as to what effort If any, had been made to capture " jockey" Smlth, who recently committed a murder at Bookhempton. The Home Seoretary: I don't know anything o "jockey" Smith. HYDBRULIC BILL. Mr. Cowley's motion, that the Brisbane Hydraauli Power Company'c Bill should be referred to a select committee to consist of Mesae. Dibley, Hanran, Jenkinson, Stepbens, sand the mover for oonalderation and report, was affrmed. PLAGUB TROUBLE AT TOWNBVILLE. It was agreead, on the motion of Mr. Dawson, that all documenas between the Mayor, the Health Board, Dre. Turner and Bow, and the Department, in ooonnection with the Cookerill ease, and also all papers in connection with the publio meetint held at Townesville on Septes. bar 18, should be laid on thl table of the Euuw. L4ND MATTESS. Mr. Lesina had a Iln on the remainder of the private mtmbers' bujionss, there being three meotions st?nding in his name. T'he trst was Ihat there bh.uld be laiRl on tb table of the House a return showing (I) the number of holdings under the different Land Auts upon which liens were registered; (2) the total amount of such lieus; (3I the names of finanoinl institutions iholding any soucb liens; (4) the number of holdings registered in the vame of finanocial institutious; (5' approximate area of suob holdings; and (O) the estimated value of areas comprised in I and 5. Mr. O'Connell said it was to be regretted that the hen. gentleman had given no reason for desiring the information. Such a return would, he ecplainsed, entail a vast amount of research, and under the nircumstances he trusted the House would not confirm a motion which would mean so much labour for anouh little purpose. Mr. Maudonald-Paterson said there was no such thing hs a lien on any of the holdings. The hen. gentleman was using a wrong word. He meant a mortgage. Such a return would be "putting the knife" into many respectable people in the country who did not want their circumstances made public; and would also be interfering with the privacy of the operations of financlal institutions. It meant, in fact, an inquiry which was periniounly inquisitorial into the affairs of the people of the colony. Mr. Higge said he failed to understand the opposition to this very reasonable request. Before long they would probably be asked is grant relief to the pastloral industry, and ore' a return would give members an insight na s what hold finannial institutions had overethe pastoraliste. He was inclined to believe that the majority of the runs in Quesnsland were in the hands of finanoial institutions. Mr. Fouton declared that the return that was asked for was one which, so far as he was able to underetind the literal interpretation of the resolution, would be absolutely barren. The resolution was drawn up with a looseness of expression that was surprising as coming from any member of that Honse. Such things as liens on holdings did not exist. Attention was then drawn to the difficulties and labour which enuch a work would entail and its value deseoribed as being altogether incommensurate therewith. Mr. Dawson expressed the conviction that the real objection to the proposal was that the in formation,whensupplied, would beso absolutely damaging that the proposed pastoral legi,. latlon, which was to come on some time this session, would not have a ghost of a chance of passing through that Bouse. Mr. Dalrymple deduoed from the fast that there was no such thing as a lien on land that the answer was, practically nothing. elf, how ever, the inquirer meant " mortgages," in the absence of any reasons for the request by the mover, why should this costly and difficult in vestigation be entered into? Mr. Hardaere alred his extensive knowledge on the subject of the land laws. According to the 1884 Act, he maintained that a reehrd of every mortgage upon every holding in the Lands Department shbould be kept in the office, and was, aooordingly, available. He admitted that there would be some diffoiultyin obtaining the estimated values. The best way would be te obtain them for the local authorities. Mr. Dickson was speaking to the motion when the House adjourned at 6 o'clock. When the Boose met at 7 o'clock, or rather should have met, there was barely a quorum, and had it not been for the leniency of the Speaker there would have been a count out. However, the quorum eneeseary (16 members) was made up, and business proceeded with. JUDICATU?RS BILL. Mr. B?utledge moved the second reading of the Jodioature Bill, and fi making reference to its provisions the Attorney-General naled attention to the feet that certain civt servants, since dismissed, had made a practice of using defaced stamps. Mr. Browne expressed his willingness to support the measure, and after Mr. Kerr had made reference to thelegrettable mlsdemeanour of a certain officiall in a responsible position, the bill passed its seeond reading. It was immediately committed, and went through this stage without hindraoe, its third reading being made an order of the day for Tuesday next. CBIMINAL CODE AMENDMENT BILL. The next business was the second reading of the OCriminal Code Amendment Bill. Mr. Dawson took advantage of the oocasion to express his antipathy to coercion. He went on to allude to the oiromstnances which at tended the passing of what he termed the SCoereion Aet," when Mr. Stephenson rose to a point of order, asking if the hon. gentleman was nto order in calling an Act which appeared on the Statutehbook under the title of the Peace Pressrvratio Aot by the title of the Coercion Act. Mr. Speaker aesled the boo. gentleman to order, and drew his attention to the fact that the proper title of the measure was the Peace Preservation Aot. Mr. DawEon, outionuin, said he emphati oally objected to givrng the police authorities or the Department of Justice the power tohave persocs arrested without warrant, and then, after arrest, that they oold detain them in Her Majesty's geols for six months without bringing them to trial.. The enoond reading having been passeed, Mr. Bntledge moved that it should be considered in sommittee, but yielded to the wishes of mem bers on -the opposite side and agreed to this behing postponed till Tuesday nest, whish was decided upon. SUPPLT. T'he House then went into committee of snupply, the trot item being a vets of £40,000 for the Queensland contingents in Booth Afrlcs. In reply to Mr. Browne, Mr. Deloson stated that there had been ideepatabed to South Africa ftr service 1087 men and 69, ofioers, The invalids returned tepresented one ofier and 89 men, while one officer and six men were innvailded to sngland. Two officers and S1 men had died fromwounds or natural causes, and there were still serving in Soouth Aflosa 4 ofhioers ad 941 mes. (An hon. member: When are they likely to come home.) Mr. Diksokn said that was uncertain. So long as they were required in South Afrioca it, would be unwise tor the colony to demand their retarn before their serviaces cold reasonably be dispensed with. Twenty-three claips arising under the inscranse pollotes had been met, ad £575? paid In this way. Mr. iownle drew attention to oeriain sitae, ments ooneernlng the solonial troops joining the polloe in Sooth Atrioa, to whMih Mr. Dick son replied that 58 Queenslanders bad been ecoonded into the pollee in South Afrioa, but it .was millu se rvioe netilhstaaming. in answer to Mr. Leein, he said he kaew of none;havlng joined the rallway service. Mr. Glusey could not undentad the attitude of membeis on his side of the House. uore)y the military oommander In South Atrlo was the best judge as to what servloe these men world be -mot utslul at. -.Mr. Dison also .anaounoed that lorad Roberts had s?lrhay been advised that as soon as the Queeneland soldierse.eould be dispensed with the (overnment would be pleased that they shouldl return to the colosny. He one eldered it a great oompllment to our Queens. land troops that they abould have been selected for speclal serloe. Mr. Stewart, with his uassal apaoty for discoverieg things, found out that the reason that the eoloniel troops were being apsolited as military polios wae that the sololal Govern ments woeald bae to meet the share of the pay already guaranteed to these men, the Imperial Government fEdlng the rest. His perspiesaelty in traoiog esoh a vein of eoonomy In the home Government ais worthy of the man. Mr. Brmwne quoted from the report of the oommsanant (Oolonel Fnlan), dated September 24, in. whloh he said the dret end sesond con tIngents now prastioally did not exist, and up. wars.e of 100 haed occpted speial employment, on poliae and railway duties. . Mr. Higgss oonsidered that the returned in valida were better treated in the other ololaies than here, and read letters he had reeelvei from the authorities in the Southern soloawte in r.ply to inquiries made by him ns to how convca! oenta were treated on their return. Mr. Dickson stated that the men wore medi coity examined on thrir return, and if pro nounced cured granted six weeks' leave and a railway.pnae to their own homes; ol?u a gratu. ity of £5 each. If scil unfi! for servic9 the Government saw that t h.y had medical ntten tion. After Mr. Rylned had epoken in favour of returned invalids gettins more consideratioo, Mr. Dawson took upon hirmoelf to speak on be half of the troops 5rnt to S utb Africa. Great works from trivial chauees spring. Mr. Dawson made use of the word " cowards" in the course of his remarks, and Mr. Philp interjected, "It was you who called them cowards." Mr. Daw son denied the allegation, which was apheld by Mr. Stephenson, who said it was in " Haneard." Mr. Dawson gave this a pointo-blank denial, and challenged the hen. member for Ipswich to prove it. The men, he afterwards declared, were behind in their pay and bad not received the Queen's honolate. Mr. Hanran rose to n point of oro. ~It was a foul falsehood, as he knew the men had re oeived their boxes of ohonolate. Mr. Dawson then cited the ease of a Charters Towers man who had told him he had not got I his box of ohocolate and his pay was three months in arrears. Mr. Philp considered that the men had been justly treated when they came back. Mr. Stephenson thought a good deal hab been said on this snbjenot which might well have been left onesid. That morning he had been epeakinog to one of the men who had been 'rmv'ided home, end hin experience was that it l.? ave been impynnibln for men to have ,n h.!er treated than those whohad to go into Sp,,pital. From wbathe Ithespeaker) had seen of I hbe men, also, thebulk of those who had come beck cere only too aniouso to get to work again. In that conaection he thought a point might be strained by the Gbvernmenot in endeavour. ing to find employment for those men. The hon, member for Charters Towers had been good enough to soneer at his charaeter for veraoity and challenge him to find from "Hansard" any words- be had used suceh as those whibch had been attributed to him on many oooasions. Well, he soopted the challenge. In ",Hnsard," page 847, iol. 72, tbhe following words would be found: "And not only do they not provide money for soch purposes, but our hospitals are being etarved, our libraries are being starved, and nearly all our public institations are being s~tarved at the present time';: and the reason given by members of the Government for that starvatioo Is that they cannot afford to do any more.. The Treeasurer: That' leI not so. Mr. Dawson: And yet they can spend any amount of money In sending a mob of'sweraebbucklera to Booth Afriem to show of thelrruniforme. The Home Beoretary: TYoun ought to be ashamed of yoursellf. Mr. Dawson: I am neot ashamed of myself. I have absolutely no respect for the man in this colony who would volunteer 'hise services to go over to the Tranevaal. The mau who would do that is in the broadest sense of the tarm a ranke and arrant onward.. I do not mean that he,-l a' coward in the sense that if he werh to meet the enemy' he would run away from him, that he would turon tail and show the white feather, or that he is not game to stand up toe a man of his own weight and either give or take a thrashing.. But I mean that he is a ooward in this sense--oward is perhaps not the sorrest term, our li more oorreot, for be has more of the dog anature in him than human nature. My observation of dogs has been,thbat when one dog gets another dog down, every other mongrel in the immediate neighbourhood thinks it hie bounden duty to bite the dog underneath, and so I say the men to whom I refer have more of the dogestre than humean natureinthem." Later on in the session, Mr. Stephenson con tinued, Mr. Daweeon arrived at the eoneinstoin that he bad made, a mistake, and there were efforts made to explaino those words away. .lsten to what he had said : "He (Mr. Dawson) still objectedto the sending of the contingent to SBouth Africa, and though he had not offresda prayer for a long time, yet if he thought that by offering a prayer to-.night be could get the ' CornwalPl' stranded on some island so that the contingent could naot resoh Bouth Afrions, he would willingly, offer that prayer." Aseuredly the hen. member and those who were now "barranking" soloudly' for him would leam that thoos word were not likely to be forgotten, and were likeljr -to have dlsastronl reie nltso far as the boo.. member and hibefrieids were 'onoerned. Mr. Dawson eid' he wan pleased t be atl forded an opportunity of denying the villaein o?nus laoderthat had been persistently cirou slated abootihe colony, and more peitbtarly : in the West foreten distrlot. The statement. wase madebY the Press, psrtioMlay the Ips-. wish "Titnes." and the interpretation put upon his wordsfy the heoo. member for Ipraioh wasn certanloly a-false one. Mr. Stephenson:. "Look aitbe onfbll Parhamentary reonrd."] At this stage Mr. Dawson was twine aled-to order, and reanested to confine himnself te the subjeotunder lseouesion. Continuing, with some warmth Mr.'Dawson said it the hen., gentleman had been Imbsed with the ehivalry the B?ritish race haslted' of he weould have given timely intinmation thathe was bringing'that.matter forward, and 'given him a fair opportunity of defendlag.bimeelf. (Mr. Stephenson :' " ow did I kno?wyo-were going to bhallenge me to produse yoanwordt 7") From bleh reaference to the Cornwall the hem. member for Ipswith bad interpreted 'itst he (Mr. Dawson) wee of meah a bloodliMrety nture that rather than see the contingnt- arive i Bouth Afrbi?as he wanted to see the- vessel wroeked an4'the men drowned. Mr. Stephenson: I rise to a pintat b'orden (Interruption.) The boo. memberetatelthat I eharged hlm with having exprnesed the desiro that the meembers of the ontioDgent eboultbe. drowned.. Inewer need the word menatinet. M ..Dawson,. continuing, seMthat' in the light of- the hiformation we had at the present time there waaeertaisly more jtsotifiesntionno frl the mtionl taken by the Goverment, but even newbe was sory queensld.hbad'has? day thing at all todo with it. He would like to mrGw if a single member ci' the Opposltif side believed- he entertained' a muderoes opinlen conoernog the ontingenot A f aer alterpretatlon had been put uponhis w?rds. Mt. Slephensona: There Es the of?fiallParln. meotary reoord. Mr.J. lsamilton: Tell us what yoa mea?t, then. Mr..Dameonweoton to.expledo'thM what he bhad sead tothe volunteere bhavg more of the dognatuose about thrwa merely an Pluo tlion. Mr. Dalryample: & badone.. Mr. Dawoon: Mot a.bad onue but a barth oene.. inr..Dalrymple: AnRAsulbgnl ene. Mr. Dawson said it was n iesoltinag one,.no doubt, but not a bad one. It was a very a? emrate one. He (ii: not intend to deliver a eloatoM en natural bletory, and be thought his time would be waneted to try an teach th bon. member for Ipewlioh-(t. Staphenon; I am afradl so i)-eomethblng of natol history so s to grasp what be. mant when he drew that somewhat harsh illunetration, Be had not stated that the. men were not brave esaugh to stand up to an.emoy man to man snd fight him on equa taerms. What he had saidn was to the opposite efl.ot, as "HBanusard" would show. Jo the co-arn ot further disseasion, Mr. Philp info?reed Mr. Leoina that a eable mes. sage reseised on the eubjeot indioated that a number of" the Queensland men had been seoondedieom the army into the military police, but not permanently. The item was admitted, and the House rosee at 10Wp.m. 