CHAPTER IL I We got the best lunch vrc covM under thC circumstances, and all ehorte isnln^s proved i a fruitful basis for the quip? and cranks «.l i Fred and Harry. The perpetual chaff in which those fellows indulged seemed to be the natural outcome of the excited state ot their minds, and did much to sustain' the spirits of the rest; it also served to divert my strained sense'of responsibility. When we had cleared away the last ves tiges of our meal, Fred sat down to one of the instruments and opened np a . talk with some far;away fellow-clerks." He tried * to tell them of our predicament, but his absurd mode of expressing himself, and his well-known addiction to practical jokes, elicited no other reply than " Old birds are - not to be caught with chaff." As this was slowly ticked out by the marvellous little instrument, it was greeted with roars tof laughter at Freds expense. "Hang it all, they think Fm hoaxing. Here, Brownlcy, you tell 'em it's a caSe of * genuine merit' this time." I took his vacated scat, and placed my hands on the machine. For one second an indescribably solemn feeling came over me. This might possibly be the last message I should ever send along the wire. , "Fred is right this time. We are in peril from an attack of Belooches." Back came the answer: "If you say so, it's genuine. We are sending on word to Lfadenhall Street, and wish you a speedy and safe deliverance." The day wore on, and I for one began to feel the confined atmosphere within our barricades unspeakably oppressive." "Let's get outside a little," I said to Hampden, "we're safe enough as long as it isn't dark." "Thankfully; it is stuffy here." "If anything goes wrong, fire a pistol, Fred; we shall be close by." "All right, captain." ' Hampden and I left the little house, armed in case of a surprise, and strolled away to the edge of the lofty cliffs. After a careful look round, we stretched ourselves upon the dry grass and watched the sun slowly falling towards the distant sea-line. Far below us tossed and tumbled the restless waves, and on the far horizon we could just discern the smoke of a fast receding steamer leaving its trail across the reddened sky. Behind and around us stretched the gloomy and apparently end less range of the Me^ran hills. A more tranquil and peaceful scene could not be imagined, and yet within us was the pre sage of thiugs to come which might change all before another sunset. I had been declining calmly, my elbow rcstiug on the ground, when I suddenly started to a more upright position as a thought rushed into my mind. "•Why on earth has not Welby turned up,_ I wonder?" " He's snre to do so," returned Hampden, placidly; "there are no whites to consort with down there." A vague uneasiness stirred within me, and a feeling of compunction arose that, amidst the shock of the news and the hurry of our preparations, no thought had entered my mind of possible danger to him. " I have made so sure that the station will be the first point chosen for attack, but what if " I sprang to my feet, a thrill of horror seizing me.- ^ Just then the sun dipped and a glow as of fire flashed upwards into the heavens.; Without moving his position, Hampden re* turned quietly: > "Ho's at the station now. probably; may have come up .after we left." '■ "Does he know what we fear?" "I drooped him a line when I sent onfi to you, just to make sure, though the soured, *f my information is also open to him." I turned my back upon the sea and faced ttie direction from wliieliwe bad come. The station was in full view, a little way down tlio heights to the right, and between us and it were the hills and hollows we had crossed to reach our present position. The sky was darkening already over there, for night comes on swiftly in these regions after .the sun is gone. 1 On a knoll about midway between us and the station, against the darkening sky, up jWhich the round, gleaming face of the xnoon was slowly rising, I saw the figure of a man {distinctly outlined. He appeared to be sig nailing us. • " Why, thero is Welby," I exclaimed joy fully. • Hampden was on his feet in a twinkling. •" Where?" I pointed towards the knoll, the figure on {which, seeing our attention drawn towards St, began to gesticulate rather wildly, war ing his arms in the dlrcciiou of the station. " Yes, that's certainly Welby," said Hampden deliberately, " and, by Jove, 'Brownlcy, ho wants to huny us. Sorae rthing must be up at the station. . Come on." ' Wo plunged headlong downwards.- From the next rise we sighted tho knoll again, ;bat no one stood there now. r " He has gone back to the station," I ex 'claimcd agitatedly. " There must be seine reason why he did not come to meet us." i We wasted no more breath in words, but hurried forward with all the speed we could make. Still, with every fresh glimpse we 'got as we approached the station, we saw ino sign of excitement. Reaching it at length, outside wo found all in the same tranquil state it was when we left. We were admitted at once. ■ "What's up?" cried Fred. "Brownlcv, you look as ghastly as if you had seen a .tvholo troop of ghosts/' - • My glance went beyond him, eagerly searching the dim interior. : "Where's Wclbj*?" I gasped. - 1 "Welby! We haven't set eyes upon jhim," replied Fred. " Now you mention it, why hasn't- he uome up here?" queried Harry. "Beastly foolish of him to stick in the "village." . " But we saw him," both Hampden and 1 Exclaimed, and the former added, some deadly sensation stealing the power of speech from me, " He stood on a knoll scarce a hundred yards from this, and beckoned to us to make iiasto back. We have lost- no time I can as sure you. We came over head and heels. He xuust be.somewhere near." | "We'll soon find out. Come on, Ed wards, we'll unearth him if he's anywhere hereabouts.' Come along, Beltou." Tho three youths ran out together to Eearch the neighbourhood of the station. "You look dreadful, Brownley. Can I get you anything?" said Hampden." I directed him where to fiud the brandy. He poured me out a small glass and I dnuik it off. "Hampden," I said then, "we must look Into this." " Yes, yes. If he doesn't come in with the boys, we'll go down and hunt him up." ■ • " Why he should have gone back after coming to warn us I cannot understand." " Rash, to say the least. He deserves to bo fetched up by force. Get-back-your strength, old fellow. Our long legs will soon carry us to his quarters and back. • 'Another glass?" " No more, thanks. Help yourself. Can you see anything of the boys?" " Here they come, and alone." They burst in the next moment. "We've made as wide a circuit as we 'dared, and there's not a trace of him." In a few brief words I told Fred of the 'determination to which Hampden and I had come, and laid down the precautions to be observed during our absence. He promised Gcrupulously to adhere to my directions, and yra set forth. 