Suspected . OR The €Mii of Cniaitt. But as Gerard's footsteps died away lie raised himself on his elbow, and still lying where he had fallen, shook his fist after the re treating figure with an intensity of malico in tho silent gesture that few words could have equalled. ' You have chosen to defy rne, Gerard Carthew,' ho muttered, ?svlien at last ho rose, ' and you will live to repent having made me your cnemj'. Sir Denzil Galbraitli . is in my power, and 1 will uso that i power to tho uttermost to prevent ! this marriage with Elfride.' . I CHAPTER III. elfkide's home. Far from tho village, out on tho 1 most) lonely part of tho wide-spread ? moor, stood tho old Grange that j ?was Elfride's home, a houso whose 1 very name was spoken only in j ?whispers by the people round, j Mima had lived in Westbourne for ! almost two years, and. during all that timo had never been closer to the Grange than the high road, ! from which only the tops of the ivy clad chimney-stacks could be seen over the rising land between. I lb was therefore with a feeling of i setting out on a most adventurous ] expedition, that on tho afternoon of the day following the evening of the i tableaux, slio had her pony saddled and set out across the moor towards tho lonely house. j \- The way, ill-marked at any timo, but doubly so now that all tho moor ?was covered by a thick white pall of snow, diverged from the high road and led over the silent waste until suddenly the old house was revealed lying in a hollow of the land, its grey walls rising almost directly frum the frozen waters of tho pond which luid once formed part of the moat. This side of the house was evidently of great ago and quite deserted, for the number less little windows were hidden by wooden shutters that .themselves seemed crumbling from ago and neglect. , Mima shuddered in spite of her self, arid rode quickly onward until the front of the Grange was reached ? —which proved to , be a compara tively modern addition to the older , building, and was no bad specimen 1 of .a Queen Anne manor house. j the flutter of a djess upon the terrace made Mima ride in thatj direction instead of alighting at the front door, and she was rewarded , by the pretty sight which met her .eyes. Elfride was standing beside ; a sturdy old holly bush scattering crumbs to tho birds who flocked round her, all their shyness for- j gotten at the sight of the food they so sorely needed, while one sparrow bolder than the rest, was perched upon her shoulder happily disposing 1 of the tit-bits with which she ; rewarded its confidence. j There was tho whirr of wings as i Mima appeared, and Elfride, I throwing down the remainder of; the food, came forward to greet her visitor. i ' How good of you to come,' she said gratefully ; ' when you asked me yesterday if you might, I hardly : expected you to fulfil your word.' | ' I must confess that I felt rather like an explorer setting off for Central Africa,' Mima laughed as she dismounted. ' Poople say such dreadful things of this old house — | oh, I beg your pardon, I- ought to have remembered it is your home.' ' There is no need to beg my pardon,' Elfride answered quietly, leading the way back towards the main entrance. ' I know that ] evoryono near here thinks the house is haunted, and it is the truth that ?we — we are . not quite like other j ' pQople.' j ! , The porch was reached, and a1 , servant appeared to talco Mima's 1 pony to tho stable, while the two 1 L girls entered the . house, Elfride talking almost as light-heartedly as Mima did. ' It must be delightful to live hero,' Mima said, looking round tho groat lmll ini which she found her self ; ' the armour, tho oak floor, and that huge fireplace make mo fancy I have been carried back bodily through two or three centuries, and have just woke up to find myself in the Middle Ages. Do you mean to tell mo you liavo lived hero all your lifo 1' ' All my life,' Elfride answered, ! as she seated herself in tho- glow of the chimney corner looking down into Mima's upraised face, ' ex cepting a very few weeks I once spent in London — tho time when I first met Gerard, you know.' - Mima nodded, and if a throb of pain came as she heard the softer tono that Elfride's voice took when she spoke her lover's name sho was far too bravo a littlo woman to lot any sign of that sccret sorrow mar the brightness of her face. Besides, she had made up her mind loyally to forget, and was not her presence j thero as Elfride's friend a proof that her determination was strong and true ? 'That reminds me,' Mima said brightly, ' do you know I am here to-day in disobedienco to Gerard. Think of it, Elfrido— you said I might call you by your Christian name - ho is so anxious for us to be friends, and yet he did not want me to come hero to see you. Is not that unreasonable 1' Elfride's face was troubled. ' I am sorry you came against his wish,' was all she said, ' though I am very glad to see you for your own sake ' ' What an obedient wife you will make !' Mima exclaimed ; ' noj wonder Gerard is in love with you, for he is terrible tyrant, I warn you. Joking apart though, there is something very strange in all this. He wants us to be friends, yet I must not come to your home ; no one knew you were even in love, and yet you come suddenly upon us with the news that you are ' en gaged, and what is more, aro going to be married in tho most horribly mysterious way earl}' in the Now jYear. Why, you will have hardly been engaged a month, and then what a wedding it will bo — no j orange blossoms or carnages, or. even a proper cake, from what Gerard says. You are to walk to ' church with Sir Denzil, and then he is going to take .you' straight away to LoncJoji, aud you are qever; to see your father , or yqur qoinfie again; at' least, that is vwhatl: understood, but' surely it can't be true.' 'It is quite true,' Elfride an swered. ' I know such an arrange ment must seem strange to you, but I have lived so much out of the world that I hardly realise its strangeness. It is Gerard's wish, and that is enough for me.' ' But your father !' Mima cried. ' Surety you will grieve at leaving him. They have always said in the village that you wero such a de voted daughter.' ' Grieve !' Elfride echoed, and though her voico was irery low, something thrilled through its tones that was eloquent of pain. ' Ah ! that is no word for what I feel. .1 do not know the reason— I cannot understand — but my father is anxious too that I should leave him. He and Gerard have ar ranged it all ; within a month I am to bo married and go away, never to return, unless — unless my father is dying, and sends for me.' ' And you can obey blindly like that 1' Mima asked in blank sur prise. She was a very self-willed littlo lady herself. | ' It is Gerard's wish,' Elfrido said simply, '? and though it is hard I know than what he says must boj right.' Mima, on her low seat, suddenly leaned forward until her folded arms rested on Elfride's knee, and in tho warm glow of the flickering firo her bright round ejos looked up in the other's face. ' How great your love for him must be,' sho whispered, and the words scorned to escape her hps , against her will, ?' you are morei worthy of him than I could ever bo, for I could not love anj'ono as you love him.' The words wero an unconscious , confossion of hor own hopeless love, and Elfride bent suddenly to kiss ' the upturned face. ' I love him with all my soul,' i sho said simply. 'I believo my love is part of my life, and without) it I should die. Ah, Mima — Mima ! sometimes I am afraid that ' I liavo wronged him by promising to be his wife. Yet I struggled j against it. I even fold him that I ? did not love him, but love con-j quered in tho end. .It was my fate, and I could not escape from it; . though I struggled hard.' ?' You - you are thinking of the* stories of the past,' Mima said j softly. Sho knew tho story as well as Elfride herself, for the history of tho skeleton hidden in this grim old . house was public property in quiet Westbourne, where everyone' studied their neighbor's business j more closoly than they did their : own. j ' You have heard of them,' - Elfrido said slowly. ' You must' know tho story thoy tell of tho curse that hangs over our race, how j all tho Galbraiths from the time of : that old Sir Simon, whoso ghost, j they say comes to us as a sign of | death or misfortune, have died dangerously mad. Their blood runs J in my-veins, and their fato may bo mine, and yet I have promised to bo Gerard's wife. I have not ; strength to save him in spite of, himself.' I ' But ho knows all,' Mima said I softly as the whole horror of the ' story rose suddenlybeforehermental : eyes. j ' Yes, ho knows all,' Elfride echoed, and in spite of the sadness] of hor voice there was a ring of j pride as well, ' and his love is j great enough to conquer. He hopes , that when I go away \vith him to i leave this grim old houso behind I j shall leavo the curse as well, while ; my father has told- me again and again that I need not fear its falling on me. I have promised Gerard that I would not dwell upon it, that I would think only of the future and be happy like other women, and I have tried - tried so hard to obey him. It is only some times that the old fear returns, and then — then I almost wish we had never met.' Mima was silent. Thrilled by the .terror apd grief sho had no pow.er to combat or console, aiid instinctively feeling that Elfride would rather be alcrae she rose .to walksiowly round tlie great hall, pausing often to look up at the grim suite of armour keeping their silent guard, or the trophies of arms, rusted now, that once may have flashed in tho heat of battle. Here and there between the panelling some old pictures hung, portraits of tho dead Galbraiths; and it was some satisfaction to Mima not to bo able to trace any likeness to Elfride in their faces. I So sho passed on, until the mosti important (icture was reached, ono I sho recognised from the description she had heard a dozen times in the village, the picture of the grim Sir Simon, whoso ghost was said to haunt the house, staring down at her from the depths of a shadowy recess with one hand stretched out, and on it marked the grim sign of a death's head. ' What a dreadful picture this is !' she said as she passed before it; 'and then that awful mark upon tho hand. * Elfrido, is it really true that ever since Sir Simon died the head of the family has been marked like that, and that Sir Denzil always wears a glove in con quence V' ' It is quite true !' Elfride an swered simply, looking down at her own hand as she spoke, halfwon dering, as sho had often done bo fore, how it had happened that sho had escaped tho hideous brand. ' I don't wonder at Sir Denzil always wearing a glove,' Mima said, still looking at the painting in its dusky corner. ' And this picture is tho most horrible I liavo ever ^ seen. Ah 1 now I know what makes it so dreadful; it 'has no eyes, only two holes in tho woodwork where ( tho eyes should be.' j 'Come away,' Elfride said gently, and rising she crossed the J hall to Mima's sido. ' I have ; promised I would forgot, and I do ; not want to lingor over the old horrors.' Sho passed hor arm round Mima and gently drew her away towards ; the cheery fire, Mima still looking back over her sliouldor as though | the picture had had a strange fascination for hor. Thoy had almost reached tho hearth when ! the girl uttered a piercing scream, ; and clung more closely to- her friend. ' ' j ' Elfrido !' sho cried, ' what does it mean 1 Am I going mad 1 The ! picture is alivo ! Two living eyes i are looking from it into mino !' j Elfrido turned, holding Mima closely to her as sho might havo held a frightened child, and from ! the shadows that surrounded tho i painted face two bright living eyes assuredly looked into hor own. It was but for an instant, then they had vanished, and only tho empty holes disfigured tho painted face whero tho fierce glow had shown t before. I Disengaging herself from Mima's clasp, Elfride sprang to tho recess, : and drew before it tho sombre cur-.' tains that had hung on either side, j ' Don't bo afraid,' she said, still , holding tho heavy folds together ; ' ' it must be some eftect of the light that seems like living eyes, j Nothing can be there, it is im-, possible; but from now I will take.: caro the picture is always hidden.' ' Bub the eyes wero alive, and seemed so wild and fierce,' Mima faltered, struggling, not very suc cessfully, to conquer her fear. ' Elfride, what is there behind the picture?' | ' Only the hollow of the wall, - and that cannot be very large,' j Elfride answered, ' the picture is painted directlj* on the panel, as ! you have seen. Let us try to for- j get it ; there cannot be any truth ' in the old tales they tell.' j Bub Mima still refused to be comforted. She had reburned to I the hearth, and was crouching in ! tho red glow, shivering more from ' terror than from cold. I ' But, Elfride, have— have you ever seen that dreadful thing be fore V' ' Yes, once,' Elfride replied, and in spite of herself, grew pale at the recollection, ' and that was when Gerard first told me that he loved me.' A cry broke from Mima's lips, and in sudden excitement she sprang to her feet. 'It must be a bad omen for the fufcuro,' she cried hysterically. How j can you hope to be happy when you j remember it — how can you help ! being afraid V j ' Afraid !?* Elfride echoed, and clung to the sombre curtains that now hid the picturo as though for that support sho must have fallen. ' Do you think the fear can ever leavo mo da}- or night, although I fight against it.' CHAPTER IVv THE TBAIL OP THE 8ERPBNT. Sir Denzil Galbraitli lived his own life apart from the household, a,ud even'-, the fact of Mima's visit had been unable to induce him to deparb from his usual habits. He j spent the°evening in the library — his general sitting-room - alone with his own thoughts, which, to judge from the expression of his face as he sat glowering at the fire, could hardly have been very pleasant ones. Since Richard Denton had been at the Grange he usually spent his time with his host, but on this : particular evening Denton had ' ridden into the neighboring town j on some business. Thus the baronet kept his weary vigil alone, until late in the evening the door X of tho of tho room opened, and ho turned in his chair to find Elfride on the threshold. | ' May I corno in father ?' sho asked. And then, seeing his momentary hesitation, she added quickly : ' I am quite alone.' ''Yes, como in,' tho baronet returned readily enough on hearing that. 'Your visitor has gone then I supposo V' 'Just gone,' , Elfrido an3werod, coming round to her father's chair and bending over it with and indes cribably caressing gosturo. He would not disturb you by coming to sec you ; ho said you would under stood.' ! 'Understand?' Sir Denzil re peated bitterly ; ' yes, I understand that he wants to see as littlo of me j as possible. He would rather forget lhat I was in the world.' ! ' Father I' i It was all she said ; bub that one I word was so full of pain and roproach that tho baronet was touched. (To hi Continued.) **'' I : ~ . . 