THE DAY OF REST* DWIGHT L. MOODY. BY F. B. METER, B_&_ Preached at Christ's Churdi, Westminster Bridgeroad, on Sunday, December 31. 1899. "Then? came a man, sent from God."—Jolm i. 6 God's best gifts to men are men; He is always sending forth men. When the time is ripe for a man, God sends the man for whom the time was made. AthI when the 'race seems to be halting for a moment in its mighty jjrogress, waiting for the true leader to come to the front, then, probably from the ranks of the common people, there arises one who speaks the word that the world is waiting for, and who leads the new advance. There came a man, sent (Sodj his name was Dante; there m-mo from Go d > ^ was Ga- C F ' ^ a 5? e _5 ma sent from Go ?t d ' V .L tS*^ f T*' Go t.nprp ramf* d - 1115 cunt "smewas fi-niii I^H Menddssohn^ there came a man, sent from God, his hie name n,Tn. was Pitt. Constantly God is sending men. But the greatest gift is a prophet, a man who speaks with a prophet's voice. A prophet for the most part springs from the ranks of the people. There is a constant change going on in the populations of the world, some rising to fail, and falling to rise again, and it is often most necessary tiiat tire upper cla.ssfs should come down in contact with the . very foundations of existence, that, breathing the purer air of simpler manners, they may be prepared again to rise and to rule. Hence it is that so often the common people have supplied the leaders of men when the upper classes have become effeminate, worn with indulgence and luxury and pleasure-seeking. It is from the ranks that God has found in every age His true priests and prophets and teachers. And so, to a large extent, both in the story of the Bible and outside, He has come to the rank and file of men to find the man whom He is to give to men— John the Baptist, rising from the little obscure village in J udea- Latimer, the son of a yeoman; LutSier, the son of a miner; Moody, child oS a humble father in a New England village, cultivating a tiny acreage of 'land- His 'father died when he was quite a boy; his godly another reared a large family, of whom he was one of the youngest. From his earliest boyhood he was face to face with privation and want, and he had to go forth at a very early age to add to the slender resources of the family. He had to fign't his way up from the ranks of the people, and hence it was that he had the mother-wit and the humour and the strong commonsense, and the power of popular speech and address, and was able to use the illustrations -and metaphors which are familiar to those who toil on the ' ground, or who serve in the " lower " strata of society, and this man with his stern commonsense, with his homespun talk, with, his colloquialisms, with his close relationship with all the daily life of the people, was abLe to hold ten thousand peonle in his hand, and to make every one of them know that he was acquainted with commonplaces and the details of daily life. The prophet as often as not is chosen from the ranks of the people. He is not learned in the teaching of the schools. John the Bap-, tist received his College education in the desert; the winds as they swept the steep brought him Ibis daily monition; the rocks, the lightning flash, the erpanse of desert sand, and all the monotony of the solemn process of morning, noon, and night—these w#re his great kijdergaa-ten in which his 3»ul was being prepared for his work. Full often when men go fci Gollege velvet is put into their lips. Very frequently .they learn to speak -with so muoh balance tlr.it they lose force, always -precisely measuring their language, and no longor dealing sledge-hammer blows, receiving from books instead of get-ting from direct intuition and vision. And so the prophet generally passes by the College, and God teaches him. It was so at least with Moady. A friend paints him at eighteen standing in a shanty which had just been abandoned in Cliicago, and into which Ihe was gathering some of the rudest, roughest boys and girls of the slums, standing aaiid tiiiaiu with a number of tallow candles giving a faint quivering light, by which he was trying to spell out the parable of if/he Prodigal Son, compelled to miss the long words ljeuause Ihe knew not how to pronr-nnce them. The prophet can do without the College education- A prophet is generally a man who has gone through very definite experiences. Jp'hn the Baptist had very definite experiences when He tlliat sent him said, "On whomsoever ye shall see the Spirit descending that is He'"—that is the Christ. "And Moody 'hed very distinct experiences. He went to Boston as a lad of sixteen, one of the roughest boys possible. He sat iu the Sunday-school class. One day the teacher was talking about St. Paul, and the lad broke in — "7 guess fc'.iat was a smart man, Paiul." The first sign of interest in good things, and the tyiacher followed it up: and shortly after, feying iliis li'a.nd on his shosulder in the store in wttieh he was employed, Mr. Kimball said to liim, "Will y»mi be a CSiristian ?" and then and there the decision was made, and ever after it led him to believe in the reasonableness of expecting linigtaTTt. decision for Christ. Then he went to Chicago, and wlis employed in ,a bootstore, and, was one of the smartest, salesmen thev ever had—always truthful, but pushing his trade by every method in his power —and tlir-vo it was he io->k the saloon, and began to teach the Sunday-school children. He Was running the two, his store and his srfiool, and then •one day a friend of his who was in ommimption and had to leave Chicago for liis Siome, asked him to accompany him nosind ip see his class of young women. Moody hhd seen 4ihrs cla£s and taken it hiirrself a little before, and they had created him so ilL he vowed he would never go to them again. But he changed his mind, and said lie would go with his friend, and they took a cab: acid as the ying man dune to each young woman he entreated her to decide for Christ, and citihrn tsoer feree-days ihe-wSiabi twenty of tad given their ihsaiEbs to Christ. They bad a meeting in a room before the teacher finally left Chicago; the whole twenty girls were there, all Christians now. Moody prnyed, and wihen he bad done, eadh of the girls prayed in turn, and when he rose from his knees, he ssad—"My God, if you waH. ^ive me results like this I will give myself entirely up to this work for eternity." He gave notice, and left the store right away, and from that day, iftuiigh he had to live sometimes on a crust and cheese, and to find for fcis prayer-room a coal - cellar in the Y.M.C.A. halls, yet he lived entirely for the salvation of men. It was a very, definite experience, aid he said that dtsmged his life. The prophet has" tfhe tooch of fine.—John itihe Baptist Mad the touch of the fire of tbe Holy GboSt, and sorely Mr. Moody had. He orace said that a number of poor women w3io had attended his ministry told him that there was a lack in it. He was brilliant, told stories, made the people smile, but there wias no grip, and they gathered around ibis platform, and said to foim when he oajne down, "Very good, Mr. Moody, very good indeed to-night, but there is stsmetihicg you have-not got we are praying for you." He wtmdered what they meant. He tried to be more earnest, but they said the same thing — "We are« praying for you, there is something better." And one afternoon, wiien he was in New. York, be was going along, and an irresistible impolse came upon him that he must be alone to pray. He did not know what to do or where to go^ but there was a friend's house near, and he burst intp their presence and said, "I must have a room; give me a room that I can be alone." * They showed him an emptyroam; he went in and locked the doo<r. He was there for some hours, but that 'afternoon he received the baptism of tihe Holy Ghost, and when he went back to Chicago and began to speak again, they said, "Mr. Moody, you have got it now, God has answered our prayer, we- will praise Hirru" And he never lost it. He had a touch of fire. His words were sa full of a power whidh eloquence did not give him; tihey were just touched with the flame of God's Spirit. This gives a prophet a -wonderful prawer of attracting people. llhere was also such a breadth of heart in Moody. In his own village, when the Roman Catfcoiies built a chapel, he Contributed an oigan, and wihen he started building his dhapel one afternoon he found some cartloads of fie best stones of the neighbourhood wfafeh had been quarried and brought by the Roman Catholic community, to show their love for him. And wiien his old mother died, some three years ago, and was - carried , through „ ~ the snow (bo her restry .„ , , , S^P 1^, ^ ?F lal1 Catholics.asked that t»£ymigh.t furniA a pall-bearer. VVikat were Roman Catholics, lor Congregaiionalists, or Baptists to him? The one thing he cored for. was the glory of God. These wax; the things that attracted the people. lihe prophet has his message of repentance. He is not the teacher who preaches, he is not the teadher who elucidates and explains truth; he ifi, rather, the herald wiix? cries Fire! who gives the alarm, Kepent! But With Mir. Moody it was not repentance because of hell - fire. What he believed I about the future no doubt would be eonsis- I tent with the ordinary standards of evange- I lical' truth, but he did not speak much • about them. He spoke about the hell of the present, that what a man sows he reaps. He was always showing men the evil in the present life of sin. Repent! Kepent! Pay back! Compensate! Make restitution! But beneath all that his proclamation was of the love of God. How he could speak abpait the love of God! What an intense belief he had in it! Lt seemed as though he were never so eloquent a? when he began to describe, the love of God to men. He would break dawn, tears would flow from his eyas, his voice would tremble, as though-hie could not speak another word when pleading with men, for the love of God's sake, to be reconciled 1/j Him There is a gentleman iji this Church to-day whose father was one of the great trophies of Mr. Moody's work in this counfa-y, and the man that first -won him to hear Mr. Moody was here a fortnight ago. And he told me about his own conversion. Being delayed for a night in Dublin by a storm, he sa.w large numbers of men running together from all parts. He said to them, "Boys, what is up? A prize fight?" "Ko, yer -honour," they said, "no prize figjht." '"What are you running like this for? I never saw you take so much interest except for some mischief." "Oh, yer honor, there is such a wonderful man come." "Wlho is that? What is his name?" "Well, yer honour, I think they oall him Moody, he is a wonderful man." "What does he talk about?" "He says tihat God lores such men as we are, and there is a dhance for us; why, yer honour, come and bear him." Finally* he turned and went with them,.and was wedged in •with the crowd, and 'heard for himself of the love of God to sinful men. This man, an indigo planter, who was a racehorseowner, and had lived a dissolute life, saw there was a chance for him. He gave his heart to God, and when he came t> London his first endeavour was to find his friend, and take him to tflie Opera House. Bepent, yes, because there is a hell hereafter if you will, but itihere is a SieH now. and chere is the love of God that waits to save. A prophet is humble. John said, The latdhet of whose shoes I a.in not worthy to unloose." Moody was as hurable. He seemed the one person who did not know there was a Moody. He seemed to know less about ihimself tban any writer of the newspaper knew. A man utterly transparent, humbie, umc- btrnave, simple. This is true greatness. He was perfectly conscious of apDroacjiirag end. He gathered his family around him, and during the morning made many t^KHigJitfiil arrangements for their conifort,, and after giving triumphant testimony to. the efficiency erf the Gospel at -fee (hour of death, he did in tile presence of those who kwed him best on. fOEtib, to "whom, tihe sflitie <330* padfcy of the Christian Church must at thiiis dark hour be given. And now he has gone the world seems much poq^ef. It seems as if tihe great tree .is down, upon, which the undagrowtii had sheltered IDself for so many yeass. -Heaven, perhaps seems nearer, but iHfe more lonesome. 