" Mayfield," South Yarra, Wednesday, June 20. M* Dka.ii Mahik, ?It.was.,only necessary to glance in at the South. Yarra Bink.ori Friday night to see the hold Skating has ob tained-on.the young and frivolous. Everyone is known, and the rest of-ih'e world'-that one does not know, were packed like^sardines round the seated space . euphon iously termed' V^gallerUs.". Nearly "two thousand men, AVoih'en," arid 'ohildreri, were gathered around the con cr takenij a,nd?'the . late arrivals had >to* accept standing spice. ;?Th4^kdters. were anxiousyio begin, and long befovp.the.appointed hour they were whirling round the rinki-' -VDne^odn'saw'that all who ventured forth were pr0fioi&t;,5ajfd:^yes?threaiiened to ache after the flying vi^ons 'Bf hundreds'of ;skaters. AF 8 'o'olocki the bandmaster raised his baton and " made music;''.- ' More figures floated into the area, and the Saturnalia' "began. To those unaccustomed to switchback railways, cinematograph views, and such dazzling joys, the scene was not one of unalloyed bliss. The head buzzed, the eyes ached; and nervous souls ti'ombled'foi':the falls that seemed imminent. But after half-a-doaen.of these mishaps, one grew hardened, and .caflotaaly.' Jki5bV,ii'6te of the impromptu somersaults and accidental Catherine wheels. All the falters behaved -like-professional 'acrobats, and picked themselves tap d iftiy aud rolled; oni unconscious, of any pieces left buhind.V; One* bewitching Evangeline- with a mop of fair cutis, had a se.verer_tumb!e than tha,rest. For a minute she lay prone on/ the floor, -and? one. inadvertently recalled' the redoubtable Jones' remark that he did not stay long aupugh after his conflict ~>yith a custodian of :the l%w «" to 'count Jiim out." 3ut'this daughter of Eve W.ls only stunned' for the moment. "She recovered her equilibrium, and went rolling onward with more zest than ever. . . The National Anthem announced the Yioe-Begal' pArt^i jr'A passage was cleared with tremendous diffi culty, and Lady Madden's family arrived in' rather a = braathless condition, at the portion of the gallery -1 marked'off by several sentinel-like pofc-plahts. Under the smiling auspices of that fair party, the programme of skating, competitions was set going, Lord Richard JNovill supervising the show in.the manner of a very ex-, perienced .Oorypheus. .The event of most interest was thai in which/about a dozen expert girls competed. Janet Lady Clarke,' Mrs". Bingham, Mrs. Payne, Miss Bartrop, Miss Hodges, and Lord Richard Nevill, were the-judges,'hnd stood in the centre of the rink viewing ,.the fairA- competitors. The most active of these was a . !'perfdriner."'of. '""rather 'delicate physique, who aston ished everyone by her .gyrations and evolutions on the skates. . She laoked one thing-grace, an essential (quality:in a;rinker.' For that.she lost the prize. Miss, "Bai-'trop, a very dainty flgtire in white muslin, whirled round with exceptional graoe, swaying her body rhythml oally with the music, but she was not skilful enough to -lay olaim.to the.prize.. Several othei-s. were experts, but1 ware J;onward or ;? laoking ',in some; essential Miss ,l.-Parker "stbad,o"ut mosbconspiouously for her easy,'skllflit, and- graoelul manner of. curveting und oovering the ground. She was a smart figure In brown, as&ort; Eton jacket'edged with otter, showing a light blue vest ; a -prettjj green ;toque was poised at a smart angle on her : dark Head, She careered round with comparative ease, her hands cosily enoased in her sable muff. Miss Par-' 'kor oavriecl off the prize easily, and was piloted away b,y Lord4libliafd'Nevill to receive congratulations. ^ho.^roatrdifficulty 'that most of the skaters expert .: elided' wft^'h'bSy to,.dispose of their hands. One clasped them' in ffonf-Hwhlch did not look well. Another folded hers at the baok^-whloh looked better, especially as the tfigure;.d,laplayed was a particularly trim one. A third, 'aud; d] 'foUrth; nnd a fifth, allowed their hands to fall ^att\rallyby the side-whloh failed to have any kind of" !bffeb't.; Two'-' others.'got ri whloh reminds one of tho Christmas plates issued by . London magazines, depleting tho skatei's-on.'the toe, Skatiiy^ id warm work, and tho-muffs' are rftthoi';'inoon . gi-ousi but the effect-and what will lovely'-wottiiuvnofc^ aulfor tor olToot ?-was capital. ' - Boldrewood," were among the slimmest and most skilful of the whirlers. Miss May Harper, Mdlle. Jardin, Miss Jackson, Miss Tottie ^ O Loghlen, Miss Brodribb, Miss Price, Miss Anderson, Miss Payne, Miss Crook, and Miss Bartrop were the most sdeaious skaters'of the Private Club. Collisions, bumps, and all kind of inconveniences were suffered with unparaliea equanimity. We are accustomed to the frown that lines the fair, forhead, if, at an afternoon-tea crush, one is hustle^ out of place, or prevented for the gh°s!L of * 'moment, from passing the tit-bit to the mouth. But at skating, bruises, collisions, falls are endured, and- only provoke laughter. Momus reigns, as a fact,_ over the rink, and never permits At6-the goddess of Discord-to mar the fun. As for the smart appearance presented! The most picturesque figure whirling round the rink was that of a fair beauty-Miss Anderson, of South. Yarra. Her ' white muslin frock had a pink sash-band, and her white picture hat was poised to the back of the head, and furnished with a cluster' of white plumes. Miss Ander son's turn-out was the only evident effort at picturesque ness. : Mrs. Payne was the neatest figure gai'bed in a " white 'pique jacket and shirt. The Eton jacket was a brief one, finished oil with a sash of white moire ribbon, which fell to the end of the skirt. A white chiffon toque disclosed a bunch of scarlet berries in front, in a manner very becoming to a rather piq uante face. Miss Crook,' whose clever skating is too mechanical. to be [ admired, and had the hand of one of the conductors, all ' the evening, to steer a skilful passage, was another smart figure in white pique. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen's two trim daughters were smartly frocked in white muslin. Miss Marjory Brodribb was another attractive figure in white. All the last Summer frocks were resuscitated, and while the onlookers shivered in their furs, the skaters fluttered round in the airiest attire. Mrs; Harry Emmerton and Miss Bullivant were con gratulated many a time and oft, during the evening, for the success they made of the Skating Party. Their duties'only ended, when the programme was completed, and the Rink began to be cleared at 11 o'clock. Janet Lady Clarke had a hand also on the helm, and had given encouragement and help to the promoters. It is the third successful entertainment she has promoted for the Children's Hospital, and, as the song says " there _ are more to follow." Miss Hodges, looking a picture in * blue muslin, blue toque and white furs, as Secretary of the Private Club, lent evei-y effort to the success of the party.*' Mrs. Bingham was another deeply interested in . the result, and a very fair figure among the judges. Lady Maclden's party remained till close on the end. Miss Ruby Madden looked very pretty in a dark' frock, a green :silk blouse, and a picture hat. Lord Richard . N.eville. piloted little Beatrice Madden and ano'ther pretty; child round thtj rink, raffling an autograph cushion in aid of the Hospital. . There were all the funny sights of the scene beside the correct' linkers, and the conventional frockers. Councillor Tuckett was one. You know his proportions, and'can guess a't his avoirdupois. When the skates,-everyone bent - a head fonward . l^dvVMje would acquit himself. ' . Ho balm:cefrhimself oulty, Spread out his hands (is if to^take wing^M^el ' startecljslosvly and steadily on ItisoaarSer,^ //ft, And tlja-' statdly ship passed on "-mutterVl^d. wag, ana^heOftir&e.-;* of-tli'e?remark started a loud' laugh fjcjin^Mr TuefrotfA1" friends'. " When he falls, I hope it remarked another wicked joker, and s c£i^ v The wings-or rather the arms-beat th&*tt«^aaole«tly like a wind-mill, and the next minute, the City Father had measured his length on the floor. He was helped to his'skates again, and laughing as heartily as the on- * lookers, steamed slowly along once more. Ho was growing quite at home on the rink, and increasing the steam-roller pace a trifle, when the National Anthem dosed,, on his skating ambitions. There was another conspicuous figure-an Adolphus with long straw colored locks who- the sad flirt--had a different com panion to guide and befriend eaoh time he described the rink's oirole. Another curious individual clasped his companion's nobby elbows and waltzed round with her.in that fashion. Skaters desoribe this waltzing on skates as a difficult feat, but there's certainly no beauty in it. A Johnnie with a supercilious foreiook and an eye-glass, ancl his nose soeiiting'.the upper ether, mean dered round holding the- bare tips of his lady's fingers. He had an air above skating ; he indulged in it, never theless, with rare avidity. A penny poet strutted, or rather skated his hour in a velvet ooat, and his eye in a fine phrensy rolling, The girls offered as', varied an assortment, find as muoh amusement to thejspeotators. Every distinct ^type of the up-to-date girl jwas .repre sented. .. .Thosohool girl with loose looks,, short skirts and a grq.wn-np air, revelled in nimble feet and plenty "of ' go.' .The Esplanade and Blook belle.enjoyed tho distinction,of a small waist and' iv brilUantlnodN Plooa dilly curl, to say nothing of a general. air of lcnowing ness. The smart girl. was the quintessence of '* good form,' She.punctilliously attended to her mode ofi pere grination ancl always aelf-uhoonsciions^oari'led off ^ nice figure and a well-made''froek. with. just the'slightest aouyc/on oi swagger- The fashionable girl assumed the faintust air of disdain, arid was less particular to appro priateness of dress, as to it's comfort. She"'is tlie;jone particular type--who can discard the minor mandates sely-that happy, class rendered freo from bondage, at six ololbolc, and intent .on. malting the most of those golden, opportunities... that'- skating,Hko dtiinolna, m-o vidoa. . : ? > , .. . r-j ? . *. , "Too muoh Jllrting.,about, this business for my Janoy,V< 'UHlttoocV a?? favosa paterfamilias looking' on' aiiKi-ily at the laughing linked oouplas ,"I don't sua itr'!''i' lafced...... \',H I wore uOlty Councillor,' I'd-" but the rest was . drowned in the, solemn strains of the National . \r, .7", ; V Anthem. Surely there can be very little flirtirj ? -it when two engaged girls- one from Toorak, ar;'.: other, from Windsor-skated the -whole night v.ith various men-friends, while their fiances were oontew' to look on, or whirl round with their favourite chilis Only: one gentle little lamb with golden hair, rj,;ri» tenaciously to the hands of her Othello, and dared not trust the support of another. Which was pleasant-- for him.; Saturday was a glorious day for the Eace Meetin-. at Moonee Valley, in connection with the Oaklands Kmu Club'. Lord Richard Nevill and Colonel Campbell v^-ro out, . but there was the faintest sprinkling of "si. ,ut womankind.. Mrs Lempriere and Miss Crooke deviled followers of the Oaklands hounds, Mi3s Irene Mmj'r.r Mrs - Seton Williams, Mrs W. Croker,' Mrs \ ioc.' M'Cracken, Mrs J. Feehan, and Miss MacGregor, v. erij among the few familiar figures of the sporting set'. a loud heliotrope brocade, owned by I know not v.'boni haunted the course, and' struck a bold note anions dark "tWeed tailor-mades. One of the pleasantest features of the day was the afternoon-tea given by the members of the Oaklands Hunt Club in a cosy marquee in enclosure. ... Mrs. Bingham,. Mrs. Gordon Lyon, and. Miss L»slv Madden, have been out twice with the . Melbourne hounds this season. Sevpral other graceful Dianas have not appeared in the field so far. There is to be a fraud muster of the Hoiinds at Sunbury. on Friday, for which meet. Sir Bupert Clarke has issued invitations. Fine weather is all that is needed to ensure a very iray gathering. . The " Cliveden " party were ushered into the Town Hall alt Coppin's Concert to the strains of the National Anthem. The scant audience rose to its feet at the first solemn bars, but sat down in a hurry when it discovered its mistake. Miss Brodribb's handsome, brocade cloak was the most striking part of this'procession. A few minutes'later, when the Vice-Begal party did. enter there was a short cold pause,- and then a hurried ren dition of the Anthem, on the piano, which sounded weak and ineffective after the previous grand full or»an boom. ' Major General Downes wasattended by Major Appleton, and the Lieut.-Governor and Lady Madden by Lord, Biahard. The party remained throughout the \whole performance, which was as lively as a Quaker's Meeting. The concert < stretched out its weary lenyth" and promoted an animated yawning competition. Some left early to avoid the crush, and at the .first interval . tliere was many an aching void where draughts eddied ' and played capers about the islands of bare shoulders in the fuller portions of the hall. Lady Madden in a rich yellovr-cloak, sat with folded hands-the picture of Patience on a monument.- His Excellency found amusement in making a stiletto point of his moustache. Major Downes' attitude expressed ' the inexpressible. . Lord Bichard occasionally dug himself out of a Dc Pro ' furidis, and watched the performers with marked atten tion. "But the one animated cheerful face was that of .Janet Lady Clarke. She sat erect. all 'through that brook-like entertainment, and looked absolutely en chanted with' the whole'performance. She applauded each fime, and never, permitted herself once to sink M>ack ih,her chair, and y'ieltlj.the ghost of'self-derriai. ^Bunohes of violets p^nc.toiitfd-fe^.'jblfeQk^e^ltfgd.goivn. ' 'One- diamond orescent shone in her Hair; more diamonds .sfearkled' about her neck. From this time forth, my itdmiration for that lady's " staying'powers "-to usu a /horsey term will be unstinted. Miss Lorna l'rice also introduced'full stops of ^violets on .her black ooi;sage. Mr. Coppin's concluding number at the very base of the programme kept the Vice-Begal party into the'very end -whioh was a wonderfully, graoibus . thing to ilo-con sidering the circumstances. There was one wild distraction whioh I nearly forgot to mention, but of whioh the exchequer at the end of the week would; have reminded me. "The Absent Minded-Beggar ".-was sung? and the hat passed round. The cadets attacked the audience on all .sides, and whilo a short-frocked ohild dramatically repeated over and .over again the pay-pay-pay top-note, one's hoart softened and the shillings came forth. Mrs. Palmer's striking frook was the featuvi.- of the evening. It was an emerald greon satin, redeemed from severity, by casoades of-fine Mechlin lace, and pipings of black velvet. Casoades of lace from the ondi of tho pelerine fell gracefully down almost to the owl of tho train. Mrs.' Palmer's . back compared favourably with Miss Nanoe O'Neils, if you leave tho matter oi height out of the question. Mi's. Palmer's fine'.ah.oulilsrs, hor poise of head, and elegant carriage, render the j.rtlst ft very queenly figure. It is the fashion,-these days, to present, the i:?.en who figure on the stage with laurels, ohaplets an:' posies. Last week, Mr. Peaopck, > the friend of tho President , of the Chamber , of Manui'ioturors. -was handed up a wreath when address! .:« somo political- meeting. Of course, his mavrifu;:. looms near, andsthat was the raison d' aire of the, il'V-al ollor* ing. Again," on Saturday, at Marshall-Hall's Oi cliostraj Conoerte* that interesting fllauntvo, was .haiuiod olunt laurel wreaths. He took them' gracefully om r.^li, his brow pnly wrinkling in surprise at himself; but no I acknowledged the ovation with which his udnin'oi'3 i Stormed him, with some show of feeling, M ;.>' y0.10 ] praying that the Ormond Professor would spe.V , but . denied his audienoe . that .pleasure and plnnfiod tnon , Into Wagner's spirit World. It is very evident; that i ' the naughty poet has some oruel critics and .1- fornitiio^ enemies, he also has some devotod admlrovs and nclIon b friends. .Strange to say, the element most antngoni to him is tho male, all womankind paying lb"'1' of praiao to tho greatest Profoasor ol' Music in Austr'ti . ' without any misgivings, or recollections ol Umt . petuouy poetlo outburst, long, long ago, : .Still another to receive the lloi'al wreath wa,s-1;i.iq Goppln, after hia humorous song-".Villikhi^ . Dinah"-which was associated, with hiaiw" years ago. Mr. Ooppin received a, bouquet ol 11 . .'*'' ?; .' .f ?.... A W-nrhJ-* picture- reminded me of Amatin's clever rPMesent'iifi of an old man in love. By the way, wm- Am i8 a charming conversationalist-if ot.1i will a'low for occasional slips and mistakes-and is frier feet Count D'Orsay in his drees and manner. He Lq been staving with his wife, at Menzies, and made many friends while there. Mr J- Wesley-Hall is a bad shot. He threw a sovereign on to the stage in the St. ICilda Town Hall, last week, during the singing of the "Ever Present Be"S?er," by Mr. Greig, and though the gold piece was . seen spinning over the stage, and rolling off again, it was never recovered. This occurred at the performance of Betsy last week, and the company have been bemoaning the loss of that sovereign ever since. In that amusing little farce, Miss Winnie Prat shone forth as a very advanced .'amateur in the title-role. As the irrepressible maid, Miss Pratt was chic and clever-a copy of captivating Pattie Browne. In the parts of Mr. and Mrs. Birkett, M?ss Bertha Pratt and Mr.. T. Cochran were excellent, and "the smart ' Dagonets' scored a dis tinct success. Next week, they repeat the performance in Geelong, at the request of the leading residents. The smart frocking of the leading characters is a feature of the show. . ' Last week, I saw; G-eelong's smartest matron in Col lins-street, wearing a . most remarkable white oil-skin coat to the knees. The effect of this garment in the distance, was dreadfully similar to that produced by an old-fashioned man* walking in his sleep, or taking an airing before his toilette is eompleted. . The joy-bells are ringing this week over the birth of a son to the house of the Harry Osbornes. The Lieut Governor is now.twice blest as a grandfather, Mrs. Vallange's child first giving him the title. It is very probable that baby Osborne will be called Patriok John after his two grandfathers, unless military times suggest the name of one of the heroes of South Africa. As " Queen Elizabeth," Nance Q'Neil persuades us more than ever of her majesty of person and physical power. "It seemed she was a queen over her passion; who, most rebel-like, sought to be king.o'er her." And it is king from start to finish. , The Queen is the proudest, vainest, and manliest of her. sex, and the brilliant actress paints her' these things with fierce impetuosity. She is cruel, arid the; eyes, narrow, the lips^jttghienin those frightful passages . where an favourite, or the impudent tbne of a. foroign^jjowsJ^fe--, her wrath. There are . many opinijpna 4bcyit Miss* O'Neil's histrionic talents, but the firef $5fi( ftrre'e, and'' the fervour of. her impersonation of CMoeu Elizabeth can only be described as the pourtrayalW g'&niusi;'/^Ko lesser term can be applied to' her masterl\ dopsiiQan c The Elizabethan dresses oan scarcely be>|eSi5j^h^d inO the prosaic language of la Mode. Th^e^&Wi;±be_ voluminous collars, ruffles, an.d sleeves, the mt jewels, the girdles, and all the pomp of that oourtlytSg©»-« The' frfst Tobe irv which Elizabeth, appears is a Hoyal blue velvet, with a broad front panel of pale blue satin studded with pearl squares, and hanging drops, which ' mate music ' as she strides her room. 'The enormous flap-like wings that form a background to the puffed sleeves, are edged with pearl trimming. Quite twenty superb rings gleam on her shapely hands, while ropes of pearl are looped round the queenly neck. In the third act, the most imposing scene of all takes place. Eliza beth in a gorgeous state robe of white satin heavily jewelled, and elaborated with enormous sleeves, is seated on her throne, and goes through a magnificent scene with Essex (the beautiful Kingston) which reaches a great climax when she strikes his face with the glove he has just flung at the feet of Drake. For the rest of that act Essex dominates, and struts, pretty well his last hour on the stage. However, it is a memorable hour that no one can see and fosrget. In the fourth act, the Queen dons a quieter, lees pretentions, robe of terra cotta velvet, enriched with a heavy border of sable. In this act, she storms and sobs, and one, conscious of her supreme kingliness, is so far carried away by this masterly impression as to ejaculate solto-voua-" O let not woman's weapons-w-ater drops-stain thy man's cheeks." But indomitable pride comes to the Queen's rescue, and consumes the wanton drops. In the last act, a royal blue velvet cloak envelops the dying Queen, and the curtain drops on her lifeless body. It is rather too terrible an ending, and the audience steals out of the theatre " in rather ail awe-struck way. ' Oysters a/re sought as a corrective, anfl only in the earthy comforts of the supper-table, can one hope to forget the last mournful impression of a dying Queen. On Tuesday night Mr.; and Mrs. John Cooke had a party in the circle; The Hon. Mr. and Mrs. Grimwade had another, and Dr. and Mrs.. Harbirisqn had a third family contingent. ., ' ; There will be a pleasant gathering dn' the stage of the Princess next Monday, June 25,' ->vhen ''Mr. and Mrs. Charles Arnold entertain a brilliant company at after noon tea. Yours affe cti on at ely STBLLA. 