i EIJ RiQ1EITION.r WAS T?rIE OL ,, ' il lr, tioonalnore," nold th' young lady, ne the twol walked along tie quiet streat on, the way to chullrh, " mny I proaumoe upon our asomoewhat short I?cquainattn to ~asi yo? i, question ?" SW\hy--yes?]iia Do Mullr," hlo Inswered," tUrlll ightl? ul l tly Ip lo. + i " It I the old, uld question, Mr. Spoonts ,tore I" '' Iit hdiuoomio tupon him uii xpectedly. Ho wa?s not pirepanred for it. Long, long afterwalrds he reeombored how her voice trembled,i and how the litt I hand that restedt, ((pon hils arm Iluttorod with u shy nurvousnio'an that awoklO ai reoponsilve chord In hi iii nois. ' long, lolg Iftelrw(d ho rcould olooo his eyoe all insIO In vividly iA ho did at that tolnilllnt overy detail of tile omlmonplac ltlmil|lipo tlli, lviilroneld hint-the sltroit, with its rohwt of gallsallpo strggling iI vallu to 'lllhiinloie the gloom of ta ilillhy veiing, the allopy lookinllg houI(iis that atrotoihed Itioitoliinoti sly 2iwl.3 (until lost ins Ilo thllii, foggypl oIrHe'iolivo, til'l oltllJol blanOk, aky ovorIl(?Ii, and ilh occaliniiornal pidlstrian lit ting ltholtt in Ithe Ioal-dirknoess like Itanun easy, ghost suliering from illsomlllon Iand ihking beootase th.re wts. nothing ,olun to ! l ihy-iss oli Muir," it gapeod, tilh.tly ? yoh l-you lllsy isll It: if-.ifyou aool; tI .ati' a t , .V' " !`" ", rIng "dlrlontly- r mis?l( a 'stroots'llllump; al ], ]ts~liouh hll s he trrnllhnilyoung mnnlaltlaral, in thl ' 1u e','will .Io1 pleougq.tall ·U?· t-ny lust soutabobdy anyl thit;! i pretty woman l?n, 'rinel d more tl h n r1a h pi roh[''.: r. ? / t. Yea, tlnd IIIrut tlan e110 preo hor. A hinroing gLoverur shouhl d e eoareful' |law tie?.'Plot ailtallantrtlll or libtntooe have ey' oeU," u rn tll "'mars," sid bante ljatalk." 1: e atn' i ixod ia uoler extraot from nan albili klpit at th Nlhagra'?llotol 1-" Next I thelblhlas of aoultg? sii tali, Is tllllt of selng .ýhi I MnmIil toits" Queistlon.-Aitgiettus: Nliw;i ?'iily" dt you lova Itt', or dU yot'll ,t? I itlly*,i 'sll<ht:Ifl I s?yI don't, ,llIthl lice to roltl'n i yyor prestta?,, 4+I + oT oyn's UVoiulpint.-" My nyo(' with 'onars narel nril dlll l, '1ll0ts ihl, iluvran Hl anlld' 7'lit bllmIblllut thy'l 'b Ibetter by antldbye ,wl lu she outi hIhti itnd Ita laves I"' 'isllh?ll I Ilnve yeor 1)lh1(d ?" sltit Atlig?i tln to ihltatlll, as lhe t(hludo was abollt to A Illdy writing veolr?, says tlhat klasse on her brow are the rinhiost Milduill it Y:'OuItti's sh ilal Ilnllr ia t wear.', All rig ht, Brinlg iIa your brw,' and tlakeo your dtiidatule, 416. 