SWEETS AND BITTERS IN GRAZING. By Professor Sheldon. i i lit* easiest of lives fn all the fanning fraternity, and the pleasantest, too, is that of a crazier—so far, that is to say, as toiling is concerned, and so far, too, as anxiety goes on account of the wea-her at harvest time and of the win ter that foil >ws. This, at all events, is the popular notion about him and we .nay admit that it is n «t entire'y wide of the mirk. Grazng has been dubbed by envious persons, or by otliprs who have only a theoretical acquaintance with it, as the farming that suits an idle man; this, no doubt, is the source of the envy, and various sorts and conditions of men seem to think they would like it them selves. Be this as it may, however, the grazier is a farmer who is not chained down at home by routine work that will not brook postponement, and he is con stantly, or nt all events regularly, or frequently seen at the markets of the district. He is obviously the master of his own movements, his volition is to a great extent unimpeded, and he has a good deal of time on his hands that he can do what he likes with. Yon hardly ever have need fear that yon are enticing hint away from work that will spoil in waiting. He has no standing dish of toil—like, fur instance, that of the dair yer atnii'king time, both ends of the day —that will not just as well stand over till some other day. He seems to be generally nt an end that is less loose than unattached, or, ratner, at an end tiiat is easily detachable : that is to say, he can just drop at any time whatever jolp he has in hand, a,id take np some thing else if lie fancies a change. The grazier's life, in fact, appears to be idyllic, so far as appearances go. and so far, too, as varying contact with nature is concerned. Some folks regard him as the spoilt chill of agriculture: hut after all, it is better to be envied than pitied, and he goes on his way contented, as a general thing, when a favourable season occurs. This^ however, is rather too much like what angels’ visits are said to be, and lie has to take the seasons as they come and make the best he can of them. There are graziers to the manner born and graziers who are not. That is to say, there are men in whom the art of grazing is an intuition, and others who strive diligently to acquire it—sometimes succeeding. There are men who take to it as naturally as a duckling takes to water, men who are never so much in their elements as when they are “ hand ling” cattle and beating about in the markets. And there are others who have been clearly thrust into it, or who have made a plunge in an unfortunate moment ; these last are they who fancied they could make grazing a success if others could, and who, with the temerity of inexperience, just “thought they wonld have a lick, even if they burnt their tongues.” The disillusion incidental to such cases has followed as a matter of course, in two years’ time or so its work is accomplished, and these graziers are nnhappier though more experienced men. This sort of thing is, however, much less common than it was in the first half of the seventies, a period when all sorts and conditions of men rushed into farm ing whenever they saw a ghost of a chance, just as men rushed into the Klondyke gold field ; thete was money in farming then, and they wanted to. handle some. Yet a little while, and they dropped the whole thing like a hot potato, as if it had burnt their fingers. For nearly twenty years now agriculture has seen but little of the^e fair-weather farmers. One of the most experienced graz:ers known a “ long-headed,” old-fashi( ned son of the hills, a man, too, of consider able property—of it made out of farming, and most of it made by himself —used to sav, even in the good old days of nearly twenty years ago. “ If a man wants to live out of grazing he must either pnv a low rent or farm his own, land.” Most men of his stamp in the graz'ng world, and other sorts too—men, that is to say. who have had twenty years’ experenee and done their own buying and selling—will be prepared to admit this as a foundation fact. As to the last mentioned condition, that of doing their own buying and selling, it may be admitted that the selling is not always practicable by the grazier himself whatever the buying may be ; much depends how far he lives from the mar ket where his fat stock are sold,, and on various other considerations which may or may not arise. It does not always follow, for instance, that a first-rate buyer is a first-rate salesman of cattle, and when this is the ease it is well if lie knows it. Each demands lor :ts fruition a special capacity of the mind and a special line of experience, but in any rase it is easier to buy badly than to sell well. Some cattle dealeis—not graziers at all, but merely traders, develop marked and uncommon ability in either buying or selling, or haply both, though oftener in one than both ; j and if this be the case with them, occu pied as they constantly are in the turn over of stork, we may admit that graziers possess corresponding faculties. Thechief difference between them is this: the dealers are in constant practice in both, and the graziers, as a rule, are not. The modern tendency, much developed in some parts, and likely to go on ex panding there and elsewhere, is for far mers to consign cattle and sheep—fat or store, as the case may he—to auctioneers in the provincial or country markets, and fat stock to commission agents in the great centres of population. But, what ever may be done in respect to selling, it is clear that graziers should do their own bnying-in of stores. The selling mav have to be done scores or even hundreds of miles away, but the buying is usually done not far from home, in local markets. There is much, too, to recommend the selling of fat stock by auction, and this may be taken as an alternative to consigning the stock to a commission salesman who is not an auc tioneer. There is competition under the hammer, except where all the niyers have “ilaid there heads together and formed a sort of ring to rig the prices a consummation which cannot by any means be always successfully' accom plished. There can be no doubt, how ever. that the grazier as an individual seller is more or less handicapped, as compared with the auctioneer or the commission agent, inasmuch as he is seldom so well in touch as they are with a large circle of buyers and with the changing moods and fancies of the mar kets. It is quite conceivable, indeed, that many auctioneers and commissioners —if 1 may adopt a word that seems not inappropriate—have such large connec tions that, plus their commission, they can easily oversell the grazier, anyway. 