END OF THE STORY. The journalist sat in. his room. The little chinaware lamp shod melancholy rays over the papers and books loaned disorderly about table and floor. The miniature clock on the mantel ticked off the Roe and unheeded. Work for night was impossible. The nine most kind wrought this confusion in his ideas : a brief note bearing a foreign post-mark. The beginning of things had been Paris. A disturbing recollection of forgotten nlonsurcR haunted the prosy lines ; the flood-gates of memory were rudely forced just when he thought them locked for over. There was matter for pleasant reflection in those happy, careless days of youth, when the bitter fruits of failure were as yet untasted. But when he made the discovery that Rn many others before him and made, he visited Paris and the art studios for Hand an. and the ranks of journalism Here he found consolation, and unwary neenoinnnl cheques. but the knowledge of failure was always with him. He paused a moment to return to the letter. It certainly was a strange request. "Dour Everett," he read. "You will, no doubt, be surprised to hear from me after the lapse of so many years. The truth is that I have a favour to ask of you. Circumstances compel me to leave this city for a time, how long I cannot tell and I am disposing of my effects to the first bidder. I am sending' you a canvas of mine which I am unwilling to soil, and equally unwilling to destroy. I shall esteem it a great kindness if you, will give the thing house room for a month or so, but then I hope to be in London, when I will seize the Opportunity to renew our old friendship. -Yours sincerely, PAUL CURRAN." "PS-I got your address from Whit- more, who is staying here." It was ten long years ago since he made the acquaintance of Curran, but he had not forgotten the chance circumstance that led up to it, although the two had not been intimate friends. It was a studio fight-no uncommon occurrence in those days culminating in a general riot. Curran was swept off his feet in the police, and lay in imminent danger of being trampled to death. It was Everett who assisted him to his feet, and it was Everett who, at a later date, offended him by mercilessly criticising a picture of his before the class of students. Thereafter the two men mutually avoided each other. For the man Everett had no dislike, but for the grave some subjects wherewith he adorned his canvases he had nothing but contempt. Soon after he settled down in London Everett married. The marriage was a horrible failure His second. She left Hills at the end of three months. Twice since he had word of her, once at Brussels, and later at Baden-Baden. He made no effort to reclaim her. Presently his eyes wandered away to where the newly-arrived parcel stood. He rose slowly from his chair, and strode over to it. Heioturned after a minute and cleared a space for it on the table He examined the superscription curiously, and presently he began fumbling with the fastenings. When he had removed the last wrapper ho propped the canvas against a pile of books, tilted the shade until the light from the lamp has earned full upon it, and then resumed his seat. Death was the subject, and the treatment was startlingly original. He stared at the thing across the table, his eyes starting with horror. On the floor of a dingy station, amid a litter of dusty canvases, lay a beautiful woman, naked, and dead. A stiletto was buried him deep between the breasts, and the bright crimson stream trickled down to a pool on the floor. In the foreground of the picture no artist was at work, while in the dim background stood an empty coffin The lid was half off, and within could be seen the winding sheet and grave clothes. The pallid, marbled features of the corpse were drawn in a mirthless smile as though death had come swiftly and unexpectedly. A single ray of sunlight fell aslant the sightless blue eyes ; all else was a monotone of enid grey. It was horrible. He seemed to see the whole thing, from the striking of the murderous blow to the fiendish on eggs that the artist and murder or throw into the work. He stared long at the thing until a footstep without followed immediately by a tap upon the door, brought him to a knowledge of his sun windings. He rose hastily, and pushed the thing behind the brokens. Then he went over and opened the door A man entered, clad in a long travelling ulster, and smoking a large briar. I just this moment arrived," he cried ' flinging his cap on the table and settling himself in a chair. "Whv, Everett. old , man, "what's the matter ? Seen a ghost" "Yes," replied the journalist, grass! 4/ ing the proffered hand. "I have soon a ghost." "Pooh I Liver, I should say. Well, I thought I'd come on to you first, because, you see, I'm off again to-morrow. 'Here to-day and gone to-morrow." That's the way people moralise when they feel particularly happy, isn't it?" "Hum! You seem happy enough. What's the news from the gay capital, Whitmore ; anything ?" Everett went back to his seat. "What's stirring?" "Everything and nothing. Paris it not Paris-at least, as we know it years ago. How many years, I wonder? Oh, by the way, do you remember a man named Curran f Used to be at the Beaux Arts." "Curran What about him?" "The man who was always painting creepy things." "Yes, yes. Go on" "Well, the poor wretch's got arrested for murder. The thing's the talk of the town." "Murder 1" echoed Everett, in an awed tone. "Yes. You know, it's my opinion the man's not quite right here." He tapped his forehead with the mouth piece of his pipe. "I've thought so for years past." "Who-P" "Well, of course, that's the story they're talking about. An artist's model, of all persons." "Go onl" ' "It's a very strange story, and I may as well say at once I don't believe it. The concierge of the house he was lodg- ing at is the principal witness against him. She and the model were friends, and about a week after the latter dis- appeared she saw Curran putting the finishing touches to a most gruesome picture. She examined the thing over his shoulder, and to her great horror the woman in the picture was a portrait of her missing friend, Well, she thought the matter over for a day, and then decided to go to the Prefecture." "Well?" , "Somehow, he must have got wind of what was afoot. At any rate, when they came to search his rooms, the picture had vanished completely. He must have destroyed it." "But is there no other evidence?" "Nono. Oh, there was a method in his madness I He succeeded,' supposing the woman's story of the picture are. in I removing every trace of his crime." "Do you believe it" He asked the' question with difficulty. "No-o. It's-" "It's cruel" Everett said. "True I How the deuce do you know that" Everett made no answer. "Look here, old man' the other went on, with concern, you're not quite the thing to-night. I think I'd better be off. Take a friend's advice, and put in a good night's rest." he reached across for his cap. "No, no ; don't go." "I'm awfully sorry I mentioned that stupid yarn about Curran." "It's true, I tell you" The colour had fled from his face, and his voice was. hoarse and sepulchral. Whitmore rose from his seat, and came and stood over him, placing a hand on his shoulder. "Poor old fellow I" he said "I begin to think you have been seeing ghosts." "It's true I" Everett repeated again. "I should like to know how you know that," said his friend, slowly. The journalist passed his trembling hand behind the bookcase, and drew out the picture no handed it over without a word. Whitmore examined the thing for a moment, then he faced round upon his friend with a sharp cry. "Good heavens I Everett-that wo- man-she-" / "Yes," replied the journalist, quietly ; she was my wife." "But this!"' he cried, holding the canvas at arm's length. "What do you intend-" For answer the journalist snatched it from his hand, and split the tiling over his knee. Then he, throw the broken pieces into the binding fire. 