t ^Al^V^'wORSHIPl A SERMON by ARCHDEACON LANGLEY, of MeWworne. - "I will JJray .with the spirit, «ttd I will pray with the gnflcretf *l#o; 1 will sing with the . mill hw with the uMenUndlng also."-£ Cor, xiVn $£. Theprivilege of grayer is one of the great blessings of the snritual life into whijch God baa brought us. NO sooner do we begin to live to Uod thanwe begin, to pray, for the isty of the awakened soul is, "God be merci ful to jne, ar- sinner." No sooner are we reconciled to God than His fatherhood be comes'the power of the plea, on which we approach Him, "Abba Father," "Our Father wiitch alt in heaven." To watch arid pray is the way of Christian safety, and We meet for worship in the confidence inspired by the "Lord's promise, "Where two or three are gathered together in my name these an I in the midst of them." In all ages united public prayer, in the name of JesuF, has been the joy, the comfort, and the strength of the people of God. To the house of Sprayer many come and iind Ftrength. llere penitent souls look away to their God and Saviour. Here we lift up our hearts and voices to God in hymns of praise. How imiwrtant the prayer and praises of God's people should fee such as He would approve, and would bring us the highest blessing. £3ow, the special danger of the church has ever been unreality. Is not this the reason of the judgment wjiich fell on Ananias and Sapphire? Why did such a; signal judgment tail on these two sinners?; One reason, Dre casfuot doubt, was to con demn the unreality, the keeping back part of the price which the Divine Spirit saw then and has seen ever since, to be the great danger*of the church of God. May I endeavour to lielp you to see what the ideal worship is, as set forth by St. Paul, as he expresses his determination, "I will pray," with the spirit "I will^eay with the understanding also." The first great principle of worship is that we should offer such as will please God. ; That surely can only please Him ; which is sincere, true, real. Reality ? is in the very essence of true and acceptable i worship. The child's hymn has in it the most profound truth. " Prayer without the heart Hie Lord will -never hear." REALITY ABSOLUTELY ESSENTIAL. Snrely it may be said of much that is offered in the way of prayer, "Words, avoids, only words." .Surely when God lias said, "Thou shalt not take my name: in vain," to go through forms without meaning, to use words of prayer without thought or real desire, is sin against Him. What, then, as really essential to such prayer as will please God, and find an entrance to His heart, and bring answers of blessing and of peace? THE SENSE OF GOD'S PRESENCE. 1\. There' must be a real sense of God's presence, that we are not speaking to the empty air. To see Him, to adore, to have in some "measure that reverence which may be expressed as love on its knees, such rever ence as would fill our hearts did we stand in the unveiled presence of God. Thank God, to the true believer this brings no shrinking of the spirit. We are sinners, and how can we stand in thought, in faith's realisation, before the pure, the absolutely holy, Goa? By Him (the Lord Jesus Christ) we both, Jew and Gentile, have ac cess by one spirit unto the Father. Sin is covered by the atoning sacrifice of the Lord Jesus, because He died and rose again, and has fully, perfectly justified us before God. We can stand in the awful presence of God. We enter into the holiest of all by the blood of Jeeu6, and it is as this presence be comes Teal to us that we get into the right mental and spiritual attitude for prayer. TRUTH IN PRAYKU. 2\. It is further essential to prayer that we mean what we say, and say what we mean. True prayer involves a mental exer cise of no light character. To keep the mind fixed on the words we are using; ear nestly to desice the things we ask; to say, like the psalmist, "My heart is fixed, I will give praise with the best member that I have; to put our hearts into the exercise; to remember St. Paul's injunction, "What soever ye do, do it heartily to the Lord, and not unto men;" to be fervent in prayer; to labour earnestly in prayer-such is the kind of prayer that h sketched out m the Word of God. Such jaayer as Jacob's, when he 3»»ng in his weakness uiiaii the Angel of the Corenant, and said, "f will not let thee go, except thou bless me." Sueh prayer as was offered by the Lord, and which *o impressed his disciples psied them to come to HM that He uugbt sbpw them the,?way to pray; "Lord, teacii ub to pray." "Teach us to pray, because teaching ui to pray Thon teachest us to live; teaching us to pray,. Thou teachest UB to trust; teach ing JIB to .pray, Thou teachest ub of joy and peace, and purity and power." ~.J will pray with the understanding, I will tons vita the understanding; genuine, real, sincerej meaning it all, discerning it all; making the word* the expression of our inner thought and feeling. Not a fanatical outpouring of 'word*, not a going over formal expressions that have for us very little real meaning: using the mind rather than the mouth, and giving by word the ?expression of the inward thought-this is the prayer that pleases God. But, Q, how difficult it is thus to pray! 3\. There is another essential that we should pray with the spirit Such prayer needs that the spiritual nature he exercised in it; not merely the mind, but that divine part of us that fears and loves and trusts and adores. Prayer without love is want ing in its grandest feature. Prayer with out fear, the fear of lore, the «weet awe of the Divine presence, is wanting in the child like sense of the presence of the Divine Father. Prayer without trust is the prayer of unbelief: empty, poor, valueless. Prayer without adoration is selfish and wanting in that true sense of God's nearness so es sential. Prayer without love puts aside its great claim to be heard and answered. The most powerful appeal to God comes from the heart most full of love, "I will pray with the spirit; I will pray with "the under standing also. 1 will sing witli the spirit, and I will sing with the understanding also." DIFFICULTY OF BEAL PRAYEH. How can we thus pray and praise? It is no easy thing to do, for our best devo tions are «o mixed, wandering thoughts so disturb the mind. The world, the very presence of our fellow-worshippers, draw the mind away. Here, as in so many other eases, we see the absolute need of a divine power to enable us to pray. The Holy Ghost is called "the Spirit of prayer and supplication." He, we are told, "'maketh intercession for us." Thauk God for the promise, "He dwelletli with you, and shall be in you."' If we seek His power, if we yield ourselves to His grace, He will enable us to do what is otherwise impossible. Thus, of St. John, we are told in regard to the day of prayer, "He was in the spirit on the Lord's day." Praying in the Holy Ghost is the only way to make and keep prayer real, effective, and full of blessing. To see what has been set before us to day would cast us down, did -we not remem ber that however weak and feeble and broken are our prayers and praises, we have an advocate -with the Father. He takes our prayers;, and, cleansing them in His own sacrifice, presents them as holy incense, and a pure offering before God. The sin that accompanies is atoned for, the real, the troe remains, and God hears, accepts, and answers. But just as the sacrifice of the Lord, which cleanses us from sin, should make us hate sin, and separate from it, the more and more we understand the nature of the Lord's atoning work; so-the fact of His offering our prayers as our great high priest free from the imperfection that ac companies them, should only make us the more anxious to get into the spirit, and maintain the power of true -worship. POWER OF SUCH PfiATEB. See the blessing such prayer would bring. Private prayer would become the great power of our lives. Prayers, intercessions, and giving of thanks would he our constant work. Answers to prayer would be real, constant, tangible. Every time we knelt to pray we would understand that real busi ness had been transacted with God. We would ask and receive, and our joy would be full; we would learn the secret of pray ing without ceasing. Our family prayers, instead of being for mal, perfunctorv, a duty to be got over, would be so full of blessing; the prayer and the word of God would have a wonder ful attraction to our households and our children, and the effect would be seen in the world, in those brought up in homes where the presence of God was the blessing ever sought and found. Public prayer would become a means oi erer lifting us near ±o God, and drawing us nearer to one another. In private prayer it is ours to tell our God and Father the inner secrets of heart and inward life: in public prayer self, while not forgotten, is lost in that which touches, and expresses the needs of the whole household of faith. Given such prayer as the apostle sets before us here, every word uttered would be full of life and meaning, every hymn would be the expression of Christian thought and feeling. Voice to voice, heart to heart, each one would be drawn to every oilier, and we would realise the fellowshin of the Spirit in its fukiess. Such a church, would see the same effect as St. Paul de scribed in the case of the man coming into the Christian assembly " at Corinth. He would confess that "God is in you of a truth." INSPIRING EFFECT ON OTHERS. "We may think it matters very little to others hovv we worship, or in what spirit we seek God. It matters a great deal. Each true worshipper brings his quota ot spiritual feeling, and when he comes to pray there are subtle influences we cannot analyse, though we know they are there. This is one of them-The power of love and religious enthusiasm influences those who come in contact with it to an extent of which we have little idea. - ' ONE SECRET OF A HOLY MFE. But surely we can further than even, this. Who can get into this holy atino spliere<-and live in it without an influence on his life? In the spirit, praying in the Hply Gfh Ost, surely this cannot fail to lead us to understand living in the presence of God. The practice of the puesence of God would be greatly helped and stimulated by such a life of prayer. The' man qI piayer would he a manof God. ; May I urge you to this. be eon* tent to go on living a religious life without power or joy or blessing. If you do, your life will he barren of result ip the building, of the; Kingdom of God. But >£bf graoe you seek to pray, as God desirar and sets the privilege before you, and if you are real and learn to live as you pray, God will give you the joy of being instruments in His hands of leading others in this same path of hkering And spiritual power. It may lie you are content with formal re ligion, with repeating prayers without life or feeling, because you never, have been: taught by tiie Diviue- Spiritio «tk God deep, real earnestness. The prayerless man-I mean the prayerlesa man in the sense of real earnestness-is an unsaved tjaah. 'He is <?oe who has not S*ct found eternal life in Jesus. His wavers and singr ine are only lip service; the Lorn does not, not hear. ? V ... God is ralhng you to a deeper, truer life, lie is ^«k«ng you. Me says of this player tuey that worship ffniVJWOst warship in spirit aud in truth}" attd, then He adds, The Father= eeel^hisjieli to. worship,'' He is peeking you. Him && fon^noir,' 