THE Hawksworth Mystery, "?More Bilnnod Agant Than finning," By M. E. O'SbALCN. A_ OflAPTEIt II (Continued). LADY NEIL. Lady Nell's maid was waiting at the top of the stairs no condoct Dr. Frasor to her mistress's room, and Saundere handed him over to her. Dr. Frazror had ofton heard Sir Waltor refer to this maid as an "Invaluablo creature," and land her liiet olovornes, bat ho had nfvor soon her hofore. fHouw. over, having hoard her so bepraisod he took a good look at hoer. ho wane one of those fawn bolored womon with erm aplxlon ansd hair oi the same noetral tint. Sho had small eyes of poao grey, with scanty light eya lashes, and would have givon the Impreoelon of Intlgnlfi. anoe to ae casuonl observer. Bat Dr. Iroen was not a cansual oheor. cot. On the controry, hoe ans an anoto phyolognomiat, and the snqunaro chin, and long, level, colorlesO lips, gave him the Idea of strengthe of oharactr, and malm tonatlty of purpoho. naving seen her he conid quito roallso that she was very olevor. ito found it moro dlfioult to believo that bho was good. hito guided him a feow stoeps along tho landing, and then, to his eorprlaso, she turned round, and saied watfally- "You will be careful with hor Indy ship, sir; won't pool 8he I in a very nrvons, oehanotod statoe, I bogged her not to soo yon ountil she was moro oem poseod, bat she wouold not liston to me." "It msy qualot hoe to spo k siho has something on her mind." "Sho has nothing on her mind, said Balnte promptly. It isn't that." " What then ", "It's just tho trouhlo and palin and unoortainty. Her ladyship is very sonsi tive, and a t she this eho will ha poited at, wad talked shout In tire wholo onltatry--if you ooold jst eomfort her about that-" sho added Imploringly, "I wonldbo great hblcesng. I can't do any. thing with heroo, bccsno sho'thlnk I don't know." ShO did not wrlt for hie anseor, but turned again and went on. It wans aol dent she had not been told to look upon him as her mistress's enemy, snoe she asked him to perform a friend's otfic. Dr. Frazer felt an almost femlnlno eurio slty as to what would happen next. Balneo knooked, hout, without waiting .for permission, she woent In, muotioning her omprnion to folloa. Lady Nell wos lying on the bed, her heoad in a perfot ianglt of black hair, whtch swept over the pillos, and formod a sombro frame for ber white faco. 8h opened her hoavy-llddod doark eyes as Dr. Frazor approoahod, and Looked at him stedaly ase she potlted to a chair closao bealdo the bod. Ialnoe, who had evidently had her orders, aslipped away, and loft them alone, "I wanted to seeo yo at oncO," sohe said, In a firm, bht low voice. "You were my husband's forioed, although youn never liked moe" No interrupted her promptly. "I don't knoo what I hae over done or said to jastify such a statement as that, Lady Noitl." "I am not a fool," sho retorted. "I neaw the moment I fas Introdoced to you what I had to eoxpct--saecrt hbos tiltty and corticism. Perhapse you wore jealousa --mon have this little weoakess, I believe, as well tn oursoives, and thought that my Inflsunco would weakon yours." ' gI never thoaght anything of the hind," he responded, rather brosrinely. "On the contrary, I loeoked to ind a friend in my friend's wife.'" "And your frtend's wifo was anetone to mako a friend of you if you wouild have allowed her to do so." "I am not awaroe that I olored any opposition to hor phn." "Thu oppositon owas In your eyes, your voles, a doeen ways of which you were, perhaps, tnasonseioos yoursolf, Dr. Flazer. But a waoman has quick Intol tlons, and I underatood." " waoman'a Intuition arce not always to be relied on, Lady Noll." "Mtno woro--day it If you can." Dr. frazer was silent. "You nae," she eleid, with a sort of bitter triulmph. "Yon have anot the toarag to lie. I wae prejurdged, and rwhatover i did or aid was looked upon with a juondied eyeo. I am sure you think now that I have made away with my husband in some myaterlonos way, and yet I sweart to yep, by my hopes ob fea' vn, that I haed no more idea my husband was not lying dead In trmat coffin than a child uonborn." There was a sort of fiero sluncorlty In her way of speaking whlah alttost con vinced him in spite of himself. She had lifted herself on her elbow the bettor to give emphasis to her words, and her eyes lere blindingly bright as they gashed foil into hiuats If they would foran him to believe hber. or next words stag gered him mere than over. "Iam going to have the matter sifted thorloughly. Osn't noe work togother I have sent to the Spotoerinndent of Police already, and II you woold see him wihen he comos-" "I shall not be hero, my lady." · ' Bus t coldn'at yen stay p" site aeked, wiottolly. "BaIe would think more of what you said -" "Not If I weas speaking In someono eise's nameo," h replied, with doiellon ; "or, In any ease, yoen would have far more authority in serh e matter than mysolf, not only on account of your posi tion, but becanso you are Waltar's wIfe or widow." She pressed her hands tightly topgetlhr wnlth despairing gesturo. "I have not the coorage for all that," she said. "I twould give gladly every farthing I poseser to solve the mystery, buht I wnnt to keep In the baokground al the whtle-" "Ufider the circnmstances that would he laImsaseble." "Not If yu weore my deputy, sorely. It Is yen who have brought about this om brogllo, and yco aore wtlling enough to take the load thon, withont my sanction ; now I ask yeo to continno It os a favor to mh. you have no right to rofuse. The task o beyond my strengtha, and you most hase foreseen, and been prepared for the position 1 ask you to take, bo eanso you did not eortaileey exptct my asslstanco-raihar my opposltlon, m fancy." That was qoite true, but he had not eunated open her making the discovery, and yes a little taketn ahbok. Sho saw this, for her eyes wore an keen as hand saome, and ptusled her advantage still * further. "You can't free other preople's hands and then asoumo tio role of a mors looker on yourself, Dr. r,'ror. My hlns' band's friend is bound to he my ally, not my enemy. I leave you full authoelty, peounlarllyand othterwtvo, peond what eoa like, do what ye.o like, ooly lot mo be passive." "ThatL ia not thz pz:lt!on for you to take, Lady Noll." "It is tha onlyono I have the strength for at any rtae. I am already completoly prostratod, as yen mast see, and I am not a person to sham more than I ftol. On the contrary, I have alwayn grlded myseli itharto onr my firmrnon and re Eosm, and am mortiliad and ihamiliatod mysalf to son what a poor pretoneo It wan. Could the weakest womann you know behave woras than I am bahaniag now 1" "'01 courae the poition is a very try. ing one tir yon," Dr. Frazar maid mora grntli than ha had yat apokon. "Trying--it l ktlling," hm ansaered witih passionate raranotnern. ' What am I to tall the hay when lim ahks foar li father i" t Say andidly that yon do not know whmer ha In, Lady Nlli buht yaa ho hoa may acome back onen day." "ThEo I should tll him a fanlshooad. I knioa I Ehall nrecr sea him again on this oad of t lm gravn. ii must bao dead, or he would a ver lani innel and mynelf In noh a pani tvif arlotln as this. ifo may rhave no hoilc In thla matter.' " Do yau tldink i oould have bean apirtoitd away oot of this hoaus aithont anyona knoawing 1' hoa ankd. " Nahing in Imploablo, and one hoars vary day of srnah xtlrnrdinary tllnga Thara eama a knoani at tha dooar bneira ha aonil add mora and ialna. stole softly in, plving Dr. tar wl a snift, peantrating, nhalf rananlift glanca as sh, approahenid tlta had. If aha bad boon dlfaont you might ihave thought sha an jealos oi his proroaoa tihorn; hat thalt wa d not tnahbl nonder iha circam btan'an. Sha ntopped at tir foot of the bad, and said In a dall, formal toar The Snperlintendont of Pollco in waiting below, my lady." "Very watll, Dr. Frazar will see him and yea ran stay witia ma, Balnoa." Daoldndly Lady Nnll had fiored his hand this time, for, thoagi ha nhad not smttled to go, ha wont, OHAPTER IIL. k ria a'OLlC IaVESTIhATIONh. Tha Sparinteondent of aPolao nat hrawrkanorth wan a middle ongad man, cwith a grizled heard and hair, bren gray ryan, and a Euatra, dtearmiand jaw. Thoae who warn nlightly anquainted with him thaoght him hard, hoat-thao who know him mall dealarad that his graff manner was ainamod, and ha had a kind, aoran a tendar heart. "Sae him with nlik people, or lilth, children," they raid--"han qaita gentln anoagh then." Dr. Frenar knaw this eide of irhis ha raer, as hoa had attended his wine, and had soon him at hbr sick-had, whilst hl had nner outraged thr law, and moved him to righteosn navarlty, io that they wo oan pleaant terms. to made him nit down, and erpland tha sltualtlon to him brloily, bht leairly. Wearll, oir thin heats oerything that has come within my exparieann," liar rison said. "I Iwan goinag al to the aharihyard, whan 1 heard thnro wasn'at to be a fonrali, and cold maka nothling of It." "I don't o ondr--it nl mast oretraor dinary. How a man tof Sir Waitar' poaition can disappoar oa tha fano of tho aarth in thi way, leaving no tmoon, sonams inoordiblae." ' And yoet it has irappand botaro with noble lorda as enll a panoorer folks, sir. Wan hea mad, do po think 1'i -'I havo known him for years, and nonr em a a lga of it." Ands ynt, eIt seamlas to mon whrvor he ila gon-- h Ia Iraoe grone--mast havn hbaoon on his own acord, athormrleo they waold know aomalirlng about it in tha hoaen. Uy-thibyn, han it bonadoahrd, sir '/" "No ono thoaght oa that." " It noma to ma tmhe firt stop to tak. H a mightb haVer bcoI alR trane, as yon naggnetad, ad comea to find hlimislf raloa, and mant to seek nasintance, bht lot hoi way, being wnoaliand confsoed. Tha lake will hayn to bh dragged, as It is an likely, being In tihat ntata, ha wnold hbae gone ontdoars a nywhore o ona." " Then yoao think he is dead, thar risan ?" " Yeo, sir, I dao.' "iont wIhat aboat the do mmy figor i" " That's qanar, I muat own, beanase it looks like premramditatlon." "EnLadly. Thera l oaldn't havn boon time to gaot It after Sir Waltaor diap peared, so It most have boon ready bforhand, and, if sora, what was the motivea I can't andarntand it at all." o" Nor I, Ast prnsnt, anleso his oat the bottom of the lake yondar, and thoan whono bsiness it was to watcha having betrayed their treat warm anxos to coan coal the iant frocn their minstres. That' ay theaory, sir, and thoogh I may he qaits wrong, I shall atart on that theory, lita her tandyhirp's permsnion." "Lady Noil loaves everything to yon, eaxept tIlo paying, and sra nlihos ma to any that no aponsae Is to bo spared. Sha In thoroughly proatratid, or sha would sra yom harutlf. An It Is, mha wishes yon to coma to ma It yao find any ilum, and I will break It tol hear gradoally." " n an qulte undarstnnd her foulging, poor lady I" said the Saporlntnndant sympathetially. " And wa will save her all btha pain wo can. I fancy myself that the apenra will soon heb over, and shea will stand whaom sha stood boleoa--only tho ditraess will have boon prolongaed." "Than yan will harm thb ornamartal wator dragged at oncnPa" Vayn, nir. Whiah way does her lady. ship's room look oant, bechsea it It was an the water It might be denirablh to gol her roand to the other sida of the hoeaa." Dr. Fraor refaooted for a moment. " The windown look on to the terraoce," he said, at last. "I remember now. You won't begin to drag, I asupposo, until the people have left ?" "I sha'n't bo ready just yet, air. You will be hero, I noppoaa 1" "Yea: I shall bo hero," Dr. Frazor ro. plied, ard his fooling was so far altered by his iuterviwc with Lady Noll he went into the dining-room and took aomo food, and took a glass of wine, standing sorely In nood of both by this time. Lord Pondowor Ilfted hin oyebrowns sr prisedly when he saw him enter, and senat himself at thio.tanble, but ha could not got away to speak to him for awhllo. As soon as he was frao ho made hbi way down to that and of the table, and bonding over the other's chair qanstloned him In a low noaio. Dr. Frozor told him all there was to tall in as few words as possiblio, the othera's lane brightonng a he listened. "Now you can nra iho in not guilty," he said, when Dr. Frazor had finshoed. "She would have tried to ldah the matoter up If shire had booar." "Sheo was bound to take steps--onn't yoa san tirati' S'Thnr yoan eItll anspoant her 1" roturned Lord P'eldower dioappoluntdly. " I did not say that. The fact lin I do not nia to oxrprosan any opion." ,t lathor say you do ala t wish to bo convinaced," raid Lord P'endowanor tastily. " If I said that I slrould toll n lio. I should bhe truly thankful to lind that nry tirnt soapofons wore Iloorract, arnd I can say tile muchl troly-- am stlaggriod if not antually convinced. Are you anrlatifaed now I'' 'No, of course a; still half a loat is battor than no bread. You will bollovo In Lady Noll one day-even as I do." " I ask nothlig hbetter," rospondad Dr. Frazorr heastily. "It goes against one's grain to think it1 of a woman, and after all for a man like our frliad Nall to have loved her so deanrly; there must have boon nomo good In bhr.'n "a Yo might say that maoi oa a ion valnd mrderer," obahrnrod Lord han. dowoer, annoyed at auch a grudging con coallon. "And you have no proofo oven of her guilt." " None whatever." "Then you have no right to judge her." " That is why I asked you not to forceo me Into orpresoing an opinion. I have no boineann o hare one lyo--mueh moroe to give It voice. And then tho matter may soon be cloared up. Only I should lho es to got rid of nll those poople flrst of fll-ft woold be horrible to have thor hanging round the water whlilst it was being droggod." "Hadn't I better toll Saunders to order round the carriagesl I can load the way." "I would rather you stayed, tf yoan don't mind. I don't want pouplo to nay I took.too much on myoself." " lOBat you aro noting under Lady Niol'o orders." " Absolutely and entirely at tha pro nent moment. Any plans I may form will remain in abeyoance until I have carried out horo. If tho last fall thoen I shall bo Irco to go my own way. I dona't anoy oor police mwi do much good lr a cso of this kind--they are not counning nod subtle enough. A French doletective might." S Tton why don't you persuado Lady Nell to engage a Fronlh detoetive 1" "B1causnoo the difference of language, nhabits, ot cetora, would hamper him sadly over here. A French dotective with French surroundings Is inimitable, but you mustn't transplant him. And then I don't know that she intoods to employ a detectiove at all. She has placed the mat tor in Superlntondent Hiarrson's hands, and he must do things in his own way." " Well, weno shall soe. wll just go and say good-byn to Lord Zoxford-I see ho Is just going-and I'll tell him, shall I1 the police are going to investigate the matter. People nro naturally curloes, and It is bettor they should have somo ,ellablo information than be thrown on-. tiroly on their own invention." "I supposeo It Il--but It li all the talk Lady Nell it o spooelally dreading." " It must be terrible to a sensitivo naturo like hers, I know," said the young: Earl, softly, "aed yet hem can It be helped 1 And they mad better have a grain of truth to start with-honoever many lies It gathers as It goes along. We haven't had such a sensation as this in the county slcoe old Sir James Farquhar murdered his young wife from jealouosy and I was qulto a boy then. Oflcoureu they'll talk, but she need not know mhat they say, surely. I don't fancy she has any great friends In the nolghborhood and she is not obliged to soee auyone who calls. Can her maid bo trusted I'" "1 fancy so. I will speak to Balnes. She gives me the Idea of worshipping her mistross, and if so she will hbe only too anxious to save her as much as she can." Lord Zoxford came up to them at this moment, but being a gentleman he asked no questions. flowoeer, Dr. Frazor volunteored all the Information It was necessary for him to have. " A bad bnuoiness," said the old poor, shaking his white head. "I don't under. stand It at all. I should like Lady Nell to know how thoroughly 1 sympathlso with her, and, I say, Frazor, devil take It, couldn't you hlave held your tonguea I A scandal liko this is not pleasant in an honorable family." " Loaso unpleasant than putting a dummy In the family vault, my lord, surely," was the dry response. " Well, I don't know. I suppose on high moral grounds you woro right, but I have a lower standard, which is exps. dloney, and it was uoch an unpleasant thing to happen in a family." Dr. Frazer laughed in spite of himself. "But, asupposlng Lady Noll had mar ried again one day, and her husband had turoned up again afterwards, Lord Zox ford I'" " Then that would have boon the un pleasantest thing of all," he answered. Lord Zoxford belonged to the old school, and swore like a trooper, just from habit, having no ill moaning. He ratheramused the younger geonration, who did not dare do likoewiso-the men, we mean. Hn would not have neused an oath before a lady to save his lifo. lIo was a very old man, having beeoon at Waterloo, bat he had so much vitality and spirit still, ie plol forgot his ago, just as he forgot it himself nt times. " Of conro she would have married again," ha said presently. "She ia n fine woman, lot mo toll you. She reo minds me of Lady Margaret Laesoollos, who was the belle of the seaon in 1820 -beforo you young follows were thought of-a divino creatoro, upon my soul l" and the old poor kissned hise ingor-tlps ecstatically. "She was uncommonly par. tlal to your hnmblo servant, everyone said, hut "--breokhng off suddeoly with a sigh and a smile-l"I must toll you all about It another time, my horses won't stand. Ta-ta," and he was gone. In another half-hour the house was clear of guesto, both high and low, and the Superintendoent began his graosom task. But though they dragged the ornamental water carefully twice over, they found no corposeo-excopt the kitten whloh had beeoon torn from the stable cat's loving breast a weeook before. After this they esoarched the house--an old rambling place which had booeen built in the early days of Queen Elizabeth's rolgn-with no better result. Blnoes, who know overy Inch of It, golded them, and pointed out two or three mysterious pausages which she said might lead any. whore. On bolug explored they wore found to load nowhero, as it happened, but there might bhe others, as Balnos eaid, which they know nothing about. She was a Hawkerortlh woman, and remembered there had boon a groat talk when she was a girl of subtorranean passges loading to the seashore, whore Oharlos the Second, and some of his followers, had once beeoon hidden." "They say that of most old houses," Dr. Fracor observed. "I know they do, nir," answored noaines, In her rulot manner, "and no. thing was over proved, an far as I know, but I thought I would just mention it." "Qulito right," Superintendent Hir. risen said, "only even if 1t had boon there once, it would be choked up with rubblsir now for a certaiiny." "I should doubt its having boeen there mysolf,"remarked Dr. Frazor seeptically. "It would have boon known to thu family if so, and I never Irerd dir Walter refer to It, eveon as a hey, although souh subjeoots have great fasclna tion tor lads. I oflton heard him regrot there was no family ghost. I always spoat the midsummer holidays here, and I know we explored every hole and cor nor, or that if there had boon any trace of oubtoerranean passages or aves wo should have unearthed them between es." "So you would, fsir, no doubt," said the superintendent, cheerfully, "thoro's nothing boys don't poke their noses Into, judgh,,g by my own. And we wore par ticularly ontorprising, Sir Walter and I. Lady Noll wan not a nervous mnother eithor, on, lot us go our own way. It's a mlmralo we over grow up we had so many halrbroadth oscapes both on water and land." " Let us hope Sir Walter's old luck has followed him still, sir, and he is alive and well at this minuate." "If he were alive and well he would be hero," replied Dr. Fra?ur with doet. alin. " What poolble motive could lhe have for hiding away 1" "And ho wan't thatsort of gontleman, either," put in Dalnes. "f f I may make so bold as to express an opinlon abbot my betters, there wasn't an onceoof deception In him. And that maksc me so core-an I ventured to toll my lady-that he is doad and gone." "Thou where t the body 1" Inqu?lred the Superintooendent aharply. "Really, Mr Harrison I" exclaimed lBalnes, who thought him coarse, and then she added slgnlficantly, " If I know whore the remalns were there would le an end of the mystoey, for overyone eleo would cnow too. I am not one to keep things to myself, eapoelally when her ladyship Is In ouch trouble.' Dr. Frazer noticed that her face softened always when she mentioned Lady Noles name, and could quite under stand the pesatonate, unreaonaoning devo' tlion a beautiful youog mistress might inspire. Ho could even picturo her flying like a tigress at anyono's throat whom she consiadered her enemy. Dr. Frazor was fond of studying cta. ractar, and he began to fool Interested In this woman, who seeomed to have the power of dominating others, and was always conslstoct and calm. She soon had the Snperlntendent nu der her thumb, and though she was onily a servant, and had no fomiolin charms. he deferred to her at last as if asho were a duchess. When they came to the door of Lady Noll's room Balnes came to a pansau. "You don't want to go in there, of coursae 1" The Superintendent ought not to have hesiltated, but he did, visibly. "'I abhouldn't like to cause her laoyahip any inaonvenience," he replied, " but you can't say you have searched the whole house when you have left one room out, can you P" Bineos conceded that point. Indoeed, it appeared to Dr. Frazer, who was watching her closely, that shea had no reason for objecting unlesan it were to enhance the value of the concession when made. She had herself made every preparation for the Soporintondont's visiat evidently, for the room was In perfect order, and Lady Noll was sitting bolt upright on a conch, fully dressed. Her face was like marble, in ie rigid pallor, and Dr. Frazor, who was a keeon observer, notled that the cornars of her month twitched a little from time to time, showing that her nerves were unsteady. Bnt sheo bore har self finely, he was faint to confess, and she was as digntlied as gracious to the Super intendant when he appeared. "Yon have not found any trace of my husband I" she said, In an eagerly Inter rogative tone. Then she added, with a little catch In the breath that would have bean a cob if eho had not held hbrsaelf with all her might, " You-you saw nothing in the lake 1" " Nothing. whatever, my lady." She made no comment on this, but rat, twisting her wedding-ring round and round on her white finger-a favorite habit of hers from the earliest day of her marriage. She did not look up when he searcheod In the wardrobes and Sir Waltor'e droesalng-room, although under different circumstances eaho would cer tailnly have been amused at Dalnus' zeal, for she insisted 0on showing him places where Baill could not have hidden, much morn his father. There was a certain grim humor abount the performance, nas if she were laughing in her sleeve at the Superlntendent all the while. Thia was very rude, but It woas also original, and Dr. Frazor was ready to pardon a good deal of one for the sake of a little of the other, the latter commodity being no scarce. Indeed, she was the first person he had over saon of her clnes who was not impressed by the majesty of the law. The aearch ended without any roeult. Baines lad the Suporintandent and hia attendant satellites Into the bntler's pantry, and left Mr Saunders to do the roat. Then abe stole softly back to her mistreos's room. , (To be Continued). 