Original Novel. A Liiile Maori Wail Bs E. DOIDGE, Author of 'Father and Son,' 'The Daughter of Eve — a talo of the Maori War ; ' The Mystery of Mervellicn,' 'Marian Gionisby,' ' Piwee,' Daughter of Taranui,' &o.; Ann Kiohts Rbsbbved. CHAPTER XI. — (Conthtobd). ' I did not wish to loavo you, dear Lady Merlin.' ' I heard you say twice this mocniug how inviting tho snnebjno looked. You are quite at liberty to go. ' Then, it you please, I shall go and lie down for an honr ; then it will be easier to keep awake during tho night.' 'As if I kept you awake during the night i I am euro you slept well enough last night ; I had to awaken yon three timec for my medicine. I never knew auoh a woman to sleep 1 Bnt do go now, ae I really cannot endure so much talking.' Mies Hamilton foieboro even to argno : and Rama felt sorry for her. Under other oironmstanees she would have fired up ; bu' the quiet and enduring spirit of resignation, which sho tcad in her erstwhile governess'.- eyes, appealed to ber. ' Come,' sho said, ' and I will show you the mcdioiuc, and tell you when it is to bo given.' On a table, at the further cud of tho room, was what looked like an amatcor chemist's shop. Bottlos of effervesoenrs, medioinal water,. alkaliB, preparations of bi carbonate and potash, citric and tartaric aoids, nnd aromatic tinctures in ammonitt and lavender. ' Miss Hamilton, ' cried tho petulant oh', lady, ' one would eupposo you were giving instructions for the treatment of a Hospital full of pmieuta i Do yon suppose Rama can possibly remember one half, of all you are tolling ber p Do you intend that sho shall tako tho case out of the doctor's hand ?' ' I beg you not io distress yourself. You know that it would not do to have any mis takes in yonr medicine ?' ' As though there could ho sny mistake ! Is not every bottle marked, and the quantities P I eupposo Rama's eyesight is not impaired, and that she has not forgotten how to read.' Then the faithful oompanion left the room, wondering how long it woald be before she would be as impatiently sum- mined as sho was tbua summarily dis missed; how long it would bo before the less- enduring spirit of Rama would revolt against the gouty sufferer's ill- humors, sad almost unbearable querulcusness. ' Bit here, Rama, Yon, at least, will net borouiu; when Mies Hamilton is not sadly stupid, she is oontrnry. It has occurred to me, while I have been lying here racked with pain, that perhaps 1 should have shown you u.oro consideration, child, when you were so Jong and closely associated with Miss Hamilton. 1 had not realised how really provoking it is possible, for her to bo.' 'You must not think that, dear Lacy . Merlin. 1 assnre you Mies Hamilton was always very patient and long- suffering with mo. ' Full down that blind, the sun is shining . right acrora my bed.' Rama did aB requested . I No,|I do not like that. Put. it np egBin ; open a newspaper and lay it over the foot- rail. The dootor says the snnshino is the greatest healer. Oh I' (in a sudden and angry note) ' why did you touch the qnilt P Do you not know n.y great, too gives me agony oi torment ?' (her foot was in a box). I I beg your pardon-. I was not aware.' 'You should tii'nkJtUen. Can't yna eno how carefully she has arranged the bed- olothes, so as not to bear heavily. Pull the paper a little to tho right. There.' . 'Now sit down. If ona thing is more unnoyiug than another it ib to seo people standing aimlessly about a room.' Rama sat down, and was for a few moments Bilent. I Have you absolutely no conversation P I sent for you that 1 might be oheered a little in my desolation.' II shall bo very glad if I oan entertain you, 1 assure you.' ' 'You did not go to ohurah on Sunday, Miss Hamilton said.' 'Yea, I aooompaniod Mrs Cowan; wo went to Ponsonby.' ' What took you there P' ' We went specially to hear tho Rev, Mr Totara.' ; ' Who in the world is he ?' 'A young clergyman who has recently boen ordained. Ho is a Maori.' 'So 1 should suppose. You would net think oi tolling me ibat Oampboll is Sootcli or Murphy Irish, would you ?' ' You asked who ho was.' 'Do not give mo any back answors, Rama. This Totara is a friend of yours, 1 suppose ?' ' I mot hiin for the first time at Bishop's Court. Ho is very gentlemanly, and tre mendously in earnest. I think you would like him, Lady Merlin. His lordship thinks a great deal of him.' Does he? Well, it is something to have really converted a Maori.' ' It is, indeed. Though it is not an ordinary case of conversion,' ' How do yon know P ' ' I pat tho question to Mr Totara.' ' What, you asltod him .if ho was oon- vortod P ' I asked him, rntlior, when he was con verted.' ' He must have considered you very per- onal, not to say impertinent.' ' 1 do not think so.' | i Well, when and how was he converted P ' Ho does not qnite romombor, I think he said ; ha was always good, I should soy — always serious, I am snro.' ' I trust, if that is so, yon will bo at some pains to omnlato him.' ' Yesj I think I shall.' . ' Seeing that you aro so much interestad in this young man, yon may invite him to come here, if yon wish.' 1 If yon wish it, oortainly, Lady Merlin.' ' I did not say I wished it ' — thie oamo almost snappishly, as a tlngo of pain Bhot through her stiff joints. It was upon Rama's lips to suggest to the old lady not to be oross. but, remembering the infirmities of age and gout, aho ourbed her tongne and resolved to endnro. Softly she oommiserated and suggested a giaaa of soda. ' 1 am sick of their nostrums ; but I will take a onp of tea. ' I understood Mies Hamilton to say the dootor only allowed you toa once a day.' "Then I shall take it twice. 1 know without being told what the dootor said. Miss Hamilton interfores more than is desirable.' ' I am sure sho only desires to seo yon well again. Your digestion being so mnoh impairod, tea — ' Will you foroe mo to ring the bell P Toll Misb Hamilton to oome to me at onoo 1 At onoe, do you hear?' It is little more than half an honr sinoo she left ns to lie down.' 'Do you daro to disobey my express commands, girl P' ' I will order tho tea, oortainly, and mnoh good may it do you,' Rama oould not refrain from mnrnrariug, sb she left the room. Shortly afterwards the Bishop's wife was annonnoed, and Rama was permitted to withdraw from the trying ordeal of nursing one of the most exaoting viotims whioh the tyrant gout ever marked for its own. Tho respite was for the space of half-an-honr. Ere that was oyer Mies Hamilton hBd joined her; they wore spending a few minntes with Mrs Cowan in the reoeption room. ' How oan you enduro it P' feelingly queried that good soul. ' It is a trial of patience, no donbt,' was tho reply. ' But I am fairly used to it, you know, and by patient cndaranco — Martyr crowns aro won, the Bishop says,' broke in the eldor lady. ' Mies Hamilton tells mo that the day time is pleasant compared with the night experience ; if that ia tho case, I fear I should not survive one night,' said Rama. ' I could not keep up, of course, were it not that tho trained unrse comes at 10 and remains till breakfast time. I do hope the nttuok will not last-muoh longer.' It did not at that partionlar time. Three days lator Lady Merlin was up and about, hatter than sho had been for years, Bhe declared, smiling quite oheeriiy, and rending reciprocating smiles m all animated nature, causing even Rama to think that thoro may be worso things in tho world even than a bad inflammatory attaok of gout. Lady Merlin was even cordial. Sho lavished unstinted praise on the oarofnl, unselfish, loving devotion of Miss Hamilton ; saw a markod and commendable ohango for tho bettor in tho general demeanour of her wayward and impetuous prot<5?6 ; and bo far unbent — to the complete eurprise and pleasure of the household — ab to announoe that she wou.d givo a party at Merlin Conrt on the following Monday evening. A party at Merlin Court bad been unheard of for years. It was a condescension to the goddess of frivolity, of whioh the rigid, ausrero old lady had not been dreamed capable. And as.it was well within a week of tho time when it had been rumored that the devout aoul was dangerously ill, sundry people — particularly, porhaps, those not well aoquainted with the eccentricities of gont — oatne to the oonolusion ,that the reported illness was after al! only an old lady's fnnoied indisposition. Others, on receiving the unwonted invite, playfnlly snggoBted they were summoned to msko merry over the vanquished enoray — gout. CHAPTER XII. BAtU'S BBTBOTHAL. Tho Maoris do not make long oourtships. But the oiviliBed Maori must needs bebd to some extent to the ways of oivilization. Safe it ia to Bay that nowhere, at no time, since the colonization of New Zealand in 1840, have two individuals, full-blooded Maoris, been more thoroughly civilised, tew more highly educated, few more rare- fully trained than Rama Tuona and Horl Totara. In ago and eduoation they soemed eminently fitted to make a match. And there wero ethers beside Bishop Cowan who hope to seo them wedded. If the burden of the story to bo told were the wooing of Rama by Totara, the writer would dwell here at greater length ; yet this was not the eventful portion of their history. On the evening of Lady Merlin's party it beoame a matter of oommon observation that the young Maori olorgymun was paying markod attention to Lady Merlin's adopted daughter. On that eventful evening, too, the Bishop, who arrived late, aud left early, took occasion to speak to hie host about the matter, and was agreeably surprised, and pleased, to find Lady Merlin was of the some opinion as himself ; declaring that it was the very thing; that snoh a matob would be heaven-made, and promising, so far from throwing any obstacle in the way, to promote the affair. Matoh-making is generally )t delightful fominine eooupation : it was a rather new novelty for tho mistrces of Merlin Court, however. Everybody agreed that Rama was the life of the party. 'There were oharades of her own devising ; in one she converted Totara into the most grotesque savage, fishing up in the Maoris' Island home ; in another Hood's pathetio ballad, 'Mary's Ghost, was por trayed in anything bat pathetio parts. Aud above and before all other matters for wonder wus the faot that Lady Merlin laughed and upplaudod, when at any other time eho might reasonably be counted on to condemn. Bhe was young again, her gneBts declared : nnd Bach was the happiness of her mood that if the ball-room had boen ready she would not have domed the troup of young people a danoo. That was indeed suggested, but they had to bo satisfied with a promise that on some future oooasion, when provision was made and they came prepared, their wishoH would be gratified. Amongst tho aongitera no ono sang so often or so swoetly aB Rama ; white a duet by Totara aud Rama won unbounded admira- liou. Maori legend was interspersed with tho classical productions of the ago. And when tho pleasant evening was over, tho guests declared that for yeai-B they had entertained absolutely wrong impressions about the dignified matron of Merlin Court ; that sbu hud been wrougod in being so generally regarded as an embodiment of hauteur aud unbending formality. Totara wae for going when the Bishop's party left, but this ho was poranaded not to no ; and before he left he had a pressing invitation to visit Merlin Court otten, fcr the hostess wished to know bettor one who was so suitable a oompanion for Kama. And before a week moro had elapsed, Hori Totara hud asked, and had become, the aooeptod suitor for the hand of Rama Tncna. People said that as Lady Merlin was rich ana bad .neither obild nor near relative, a handsome 'dot' would go with the hand. of Lady Merlin's adopted daughter. Safe it is to say that onno Buohmbroonary flotion did the yonng clergyman cunt. _Ho paw in Rama a winsome and happy- dispo'i' partner in life's journey ; nud he was eh"' when ho found that both his Bishop and tlio young lady's guardian united in their approval of his suit. At first Rama laughed at him and at tho idea of becoming a clergyman's . wife, a position she said sho was sure she could never satisfactorily fill; but finally sho said sho would be Totara's wife — that on him would rest all the responsibility of the momentous undertaking, And thus it was in the onpaoity of Rama's fiancb that Hori Totara was a regular visitor for soveral weeks to Merlin Court ; and 88 his Btaid and Bterllng qualities beoame known to Lady Merlin, sho was more and more oouvinood that sho was doing the proper thing by Rama— to give her to him. His, sedate, settled, honorablo oharaotor seemed to supply preoisoly those restraining safeguards whioh the impubiveness of Rama's oharaoter rendered desirable in a life- partner « It was a balmy summer evening when tho two yonng people sat in the vinoolad snmmer houso, ia the garden of tho Oonrt, that the oompact whioh was to mako thorn man and. wife was sealed. Hori himsolf plaoed the ring on Rama's finger. Then she was a little afraid of the thing that she bad consented to. 1 1 am soaroely 19, Hori ; I am only a a girl 1' she said. 1 Many of oar people marry at that age, as do onr friends the Europeans.' . Bnt a minister's wife, Hori I — it seems so strange. . . . She shonld be a solemn- minded person of great experience, and very, very good.' ' And you, dear, will be very, vory good ?' ' Oh, but I am not very, very good at all 1' Then you mast intend to be that.' ' Will the intention anffioe, Hori !' ' Good intention, with honest endeavor, is all that the best of us oan claim.' 1 Yes, hut some people iu their good intentions snooeed mnoh better than I do, Hori. Do yon forget that I over raised in yonr mind a doubt as to whether I was really a Christian?' ' Only a passing doubt, Rama. Of oonrso you are a Christian, bnt at times a little inolmed to trifle.' ' I myself am a trifle. I really wonder- honestly wonder — that you should ever think of me as a wife, Hori.' 'Seriousness, and perhaps solemity, will oome to you in years, Rama; It is natural in ono of your years to bo hs you aro. It is also natural in me to seek a wife of my own people. I thank God for you and yourlovo, Rama. You really do love me, little ono ?' ' Oh, yes ; how else oould I promise to marry .you P' ' The world — tho people of the world— do find many and unworthy motives for mar riage. But with as theie need be — there oau bo— but one pure motive.' ' Certainly yon are not rich, and I, Hori, am really poor. I have nothing to bring you.' ' Only your love, and that is all I ask or desire.' ' When do you go to take over your first charge P' ' Next week.' ' So soon P' ' I cannot endure to be long idle.' ' I shall miss you vory muoh.' ' So mnoh, I trust, that you will he anxious to join me very shortly.' Bama did not for a moment reply. Her lover held her hand, und literally pressed for a reply. Xt was a temporising evasion that he drew from his love t ' What bind of a place is Faoroa P' ' Have you never visited the Uppor Thames ?' ' Never.' ' Then chat is a treat in store. There are few rivers in the world so cnohanting, I should think.' 'But Paeroa— it's a dismal little plaoe, isn't it ?' ' My Rama really does not think chore is . any dismal plaoe from ono end of the native islands to the other 1 And if Paeroa was for ever nnder a olond — if no bird sang — if no stream leaped ont of mountain, over pine- root and boulder, to swoll tho torrent oi tho Thames— if no flowor bloomed upoii its banks — if no pheasant or partridge sprang Baddenly from ooppioe of fern — if no wild- dnok swam its thousand pools and lagoons — if no wood-pigeon ever rustled amongst the dense foliago of its glorious forests — jet if you, my Rama, wore thoro in our little cot, to woloome my home-oomiug, I would not think it dull or dismal.' ' That is quite a bit of subdued eloquonoe, Hori — unpremeditated, too, I am sure. I should like you to be really eloquent, Hori, the most eloquent proaoher ol all our people. 1 should like the world to ring with your f:,me — the lame of Toiara, tho Maori preooher !' 1 Far belter for mo, fcr you, for all the world should jast koow me simply as tho Maori who faithfully preached Christ and Him ornoificd. That is my mission ; and woe betide me or any minister oi the gOBpel who forgots his master in thinking of the man.' ' Alas, Hori, hut you are so dreadfnlly in earnest?' ' I do not beiieve that very muoh good is done in the world — in the religious, che politioal, or any other sphere — without downright, whoUsouled earnestness. ' Tell me, Totara, do you love God with your whole heart P1 1 Yos, that is my aim.' ' Then what have you left to bestow upon poor little me ?' 1 A slow smile oame ero any words from Totara : 1 Pardon me, iittle one, if I say it was by suoh punning questions that the Pharisees sought to entrap Christ. If a man marry seven times who will olaira him /or husband in tho next world P Wo aro not aBked to tronble abont suoh questions. But, tell me, do you thiuk if I love God moro that I shall lovo you less P He has made it possible for us to adequately fill the first and great oommandmest and yet to love ono another. You do not doubt that, Rama ?' (To be oontinued.) Rkooonisbd.— She : Who is that fright ful looking woman behind you who is talk ing with a man f Ho : It is my wife. She ; Bnt yon have not loobod round to see whom I moan 1 He : Oh, your description is enough ! Lithbaet Nora. — Judge: You are aooused of stenliog Bix mams of p iper, three gallons of ink and five gross of peas. What have you to say to tho ohargo P Prisoner : Your Honour, I am a novelist, and I was merely collecting material for a new story. JoneB — ' I hoar your next door neighbours havo a very good organ. Do yon know how uiuny stopB it bus P Brown— Only abont three a day, and those not vary long ones. The Bcotot — I hope, my dear yonng lady, that yon have always before you some h>gh idea, somo exalted type of womanhood, that you hope in time to reaoh. Miss Piukerley— I have, indeed, sir; I havo alwayB looked forward to being a bride. Mr John Moigan married on a very little, and tho only homo he oould offer his wife was a romn at tho top of a house. He was very sad about it, but his wifo, who was of Che right sort, greatly cheered him by re marking that it wus qnice a Morganat(t)io marriage. 