QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY GAMES. GEE LONG STILL UNBEATEN. Melbourne lacked the services of. their captain, Wardill, in their engagement with Geelong on Thursday, and although Sholl, the vice-captain, handled his team with ability, the absent member was greatly missed up forward, and more severely still in the ruck, where Geelong were supreme from Btart to finish of the match. Sup porters of football at the Pivot have been gratified with the splendid form the local team has shown since the season opened; and week by week, in consequence,' atten dances at matches on the Corio ground have been increasing. At the engagement under review the assemblage was the largest for many seasons, and the enthu siasm, especially after half-time, when Gee long had things thoroughly under control, was intense. During the earlier terms Mel bourne played excellent football, though they took rather longer than their oppo nents to get their machinery in motion. They had a bit the best of the play in the second term, scoring 14 points to Gee long's 4; but the very strenuous efforts they made during this period told heavily upon them for the remainder of the con flict. After the interval they were very badly beaten by the superior staying powers and the magnificent organisation of the locals, who piled up goals and be hinds with apparent ease, and did not once permit the visitors the slightest chance of scoring. Rarely, . indeed, has a game, admirably and evenly contested as this was in the first half, degenerated during the second half into so lop-sided an exhibition. Throughout the afternoon Jas. M'Shane was the star performer of the match. His play in the ruck was the finest he has ever shown his friends. He received great help from H. Young, whose sure hand rarely failed to drive the ball from the throw in to the spot best suited to the requirements of his fellow- followers. Rankin completed the trio of incomparable ruck men, and his contribution to the general account was more than considerable. M'Callum, in the centre, has never been in such fettle as this year, and each successive performance of his has been an improvement upon that which preceded it. On the wings Palmer and Bailiff were much too good for Sowden and Byere respectively. E. Lockwood and Holligan were the pick of a brilliant section of forwards; and Leahy and Donaghy shone more conspicuously than the other mem bers of a powerful body of defenders. In the early stages Langley, of Melbourne, proved himself a worthy opponent to E. Lockivood, in a place, but his best work was done later on in the ruck. He was pro bably Melbourne's most consistently ex cellent perfonner throughout the encoun ter. Cumberland followed admirably, and M'Ginis, too, worked with determination about the ball. M'Clelland's fine defence elicted frequent applause; and Purse, Stra han, Parkin, and Geddes tried hard to stay Geelong's advance in the later quarters; whilst Leith up forward marked and kicked with his customary great ability. Gibson umpired very satisfactorily. SPOILT BY THE RAIN. When Fitzroy and South Melbourne opened hostilities on Queen's Birthday the Fitzrov ground was encircled by a densely packed throng that far outnumbered any previous assemblage for the year. And until the heavy downpour commenced, About half way into the second quarter, the play was of a character that fully warranted the fine attendance. Fitzroy'6 share in the good work shown up to this point was rather bigger than South's, mainly because their backs were more than a match for the Southerners' forwards. In the ruck South had, if anything, the call, notwithstanding the absence, through ill ness, of their champion follower, Pleass. On the wings their representatives gained most advantages, and their back division kept playing first-class football all the time, but the inefficiency of the forwards caused the best efforts of the other divisions to count for nothing. The latter half of the game was carried on in great discomfort, as the rain was heavy and continuous, and players ? had, for the most part, to content them selves with kicking from the ground. Only occasionally were marks held, and very few players succeeded in running further than a yard or two with the ball. It wais foot- ; ball under difficulties, and as a spectacle it was far from exhilarating. Nevertheless. ' the great majority of onlookers remained to the end, and marked their appreciation of Fitzroy's decisive win. There was an even excellence amongst ? the defenders of the victors that, whilst gratifying to partisans, rendered it no easy matter to make choice for individual mention. J. Dal ton iras, perhaps, the busiest of the half dozen, but the dash and skill of Hickey and Deas, the solidity of i Sloan, and the constancy with which Mori arty stuck to his post right back and turned attacks, all demand full meeds of praise. Drohan marked and handled the ball adroitly wet as well as dry, and bis help about the centre was invaluable. Ro binson was 6eldom badly beaten by Brock well on the wing, and Kiernan, Brosnan, M'Dougall, and Barker did excellent service forward. Descriines and M. Grace forward and on the ball were alike in evidence, and Potter put in a lot of useful ruck work. The best man on the side was, however, , M'Speerin, who roved with consummate 1 ability, and whoBe judgment in playing to his men was an item of the greatest value. : Whilst ball and ground were fairly dry, no one in the field approached Hofceson. the South Melbourne wingman, for brilliant running or for expert handling and kick ing; but on the whole match Windley, with his unvarying smartness back, earned, I ? think, the title, of best man on the side. Vernon was a most trustworthy seconder of Windley's efforts, and James and F, O'Hara - were > hardly less in evidence. .Brockwell and Waugn acquitted themselves well, on the centre line, Lampe was the pick of the : forwards, and followed for a term to .much advantage; and Purdy, Gillian, and, at times, Brice shaped splendidly in the ruck. Crapp's umpiring was strict and impartial, and liie whistle was far less in evidence titan in previous games this year. EXCITING ENCOUNTER. : , Great interest was taken in the first meeting .forthe seaisoh between'Carltoti and ยง|^KiTd^ind %%' '^&fiiNriae; ? noteworthy feature amongst many that were really excellent was the frequency with wliich chains of marks, from long range as well as short, were effected on either side. In pace the proceedings never for a moment flagged, and not once during the afternoon did anything happen that could suggest bitterness of Feeling between the teams. Carlton may, on the whole, claim to have won on merit, for theirs was rather the sounder combination, and their ruck was generally a point or two ahead of their antagonists'. Rowlands, on one wing, played the game of the match for the winners, and Rigbv, on the other, gave f his side much valuable help. Right back in goal Thompson was an unyielding ad versary with bands and feet of the surest order, and with a head that directed the use of both to best advantage. Good form was shown also in defence by Sharkey, Casey, and M'Shane, and Lewis, Sullivan, Curtis, and M'Namara were very capable forwards; whilst Morrison, who was un approachable following, had for skilful allies Walsh and Considine. W. Stuckey, besides putting in his own shane of good work back, handled his team with marked ability. St. Kilda were for half the -game reatly indebted to Hall for a sterling ex ibition in the centre. H. Smith was par ticularly hard to beat on one wing, and Minahan was more than useful on the other. The backs who distinguished them selves most were Sandford, O'Hara, Pearc-e, and Muirhead, and the nuggety young Clough was far in advance of his fellows forward. J. Smith, Robertson, M'Kay, and T. Blake were earnest triers in the ruck, and Allard, the most diminutive footballer in any league team, played well enough in a place to merit special mention. ASSOCIATION GAMES. Two V.F.A. matches were played in the morning and two in the afternoon of Thursday. Early visitors to Footseray met with but a poor return for their journey, as, owing the West Melbourne's team being a scratch one, their eighteen had not a ghost of a show against the local cracks, who won all along the line without being called upon to extend themselves. The game, though very onesided, was not so friendly as ft might have been. Manson, of the visitors, and Daily, of Footseray, at one period came to blows in so glaringly outrageous a fashion that the umpire can not but report them. Good form was shown in the match by Drew, Serby, M'Carthy, Hood, Kruse, Marmo, Gregory, Decoit, and Grunden for Footecray, and Kennedy, Page, Stone, Rooke, Mont gomery, and Manson were most in evidence for West Melbourne. At Essendon the struggle was close and interesting, and resulted in the narrowest of wins for -Williamstown, who were fully equipped, whilst their adversaries were obliged to fill up with a couple of substi tutes. Great credit is due to Essendon Town for their share in the combat. On their play they were quite as good as Wil liamstown, who had every reason to be satisfied with the result. Caldwell, R. and W. Hall, Warren, V;ney, Nixon, M'Wil liams, Bartv, and M'Kinley played excel lently for the visiting team, and Flcinin.i, Barr, Sweatman, Williams, Shaw, Arm strong, and Downie were Essendon's ablest workers. , North Melbourne's initial victory for the year was gained at the expense of Prahran, whom they met on an exceedingly sloppy ground. They showed decidedly tne better form in all departments, and -their judg ment in kicking from the ground in emer gencies gained them many advantages. Noo nan led, and directed the team most ably, and himself played the game of the match. His chief assistants were Sicily, Graham, Boyle, Geggie, Quilligan, Ethel, Rutley, M'Causland, Cove, J. Smith, and Knee. For Prahran Conquest was again best man, and Lyons, M'Ineruey, Dunne, Dowding, Greenlands, Willeson, and G. Brown gave constant and valuable aid. The match was played at Toomk-park, where, I re gret to say, the practice of baiting um pires is becoming far too common. Arm strong, who officiated on Thursday, satis fied the players of both teams, but received nevertheless, very scurvy treatment from certain occupants of the members' reserve. Local authorities will have to see that um pires are properly protected at Toorak for the future, or the V.F.A. will be compelled to arrange for the playing of Prabran's matches on their opponents' grounds. 