THE MESMERIST'S CRJiE, TOiffifeff'* $&tt; iM**«w** A.IW-Tlio C, al Porter B*». *«*.'n»W' t%£*g«Vn*' ♦'Miriam Hoi.1V 'A Wr Jew«,' 'The Go'' -11'1' ? Tho Bofrajd of Join Fordhao,' *&? ic COJTIBIGHT. ' OHAPl'iiR X:-(a«timtal.) It «u durlnff ono of his later twiU to P«ri» that ho met tho young ltd/ who bwamo his nocond wifo. Tho pinions and inclinations of roon aro mutters of impulse and inheritanoo, and though the/ may be controlled tiqr cannot bo destroyed. The -s moment Bernard Maubray «aw Uabnelle o now flower of Ioto took loot in his heart, and net image accompanied him when oo went from her prweueo. Slio m v«y little older Hum Ha dauKUter Valeric, and it night km been thought that tho dbpaiity ?u . bjjcJi auiB iruuiu jjuiu «*.??? — — tuck. But itrong-mindcd m he wm ' fl» charm had fallen and ho couW not resist it. If occasionally tho doubt in. tended Iteolf thalr tho union of a lady with a man old enough to bo her father van univiw, most men thero are ovcrffhclmiuff tides which carry them onward despite themwlwa. That Bernard Maubray loycd Oabriollo ?pawionatcly in no way lessened his lorn for 4r.l ? !- . ill ? 1 ? 1 1_J«^1 1A .(HnnFtim if_ (naimnch us it opened tho door to a closer «nd moro constant companionship with his ieu child. It woald also impart now sweet ueu to Qabriello's union with him, for she would haTO a companion of her own ago ?Iways by her tide. He encouraged overy inramooi favourable to tho consummation of his ardent wishes, and dismissed enry argu ment which bade him reflect before ho took ?be&ul; atop. ller» were peculiar circumstances which lurried him on. Gabriello'a father was so ttsrod him in tho face. Not only ruin bnt ?BaVnoor ; for in his frantic efforts to release himself from disaster ho had in an incautious moment stopped aside from the path of rectitude Exposure meant dishonour, dis honour meant doatb. When Bernard Afaubray appeared upon the socne all this win known to Ctasrlclle, in whom her father, weak and .tftm of purpose, had confided, and her soul vaa filled with horror nt the threatened tngody. Benuird Uaubray, mm the ono roan who could srert this tragedy, who could preeenro her father's honour, and in a moment of despair ahe consented to bo his wife. No shadow of this despair was visible to nauun/i uu iuvvu, aiiu woo uuuui *ud sadness of her face mi accounted for by tho ?load irhiah hang orer her father's honoured . name, the cloud which it was his good \- fortune to remove. To this cause, alto, he ' attributed her wandering glances and the oertons elaspingof her bands whonha pressed . Us suit. In a certain sense her sadness im parted a spiritual element to her beauty, and, gfren that her heart was at tint, all else was well. Bat her heart was uot at rest. She con tented to marry Bernard Maubray, but she did not lore him. Had sho made this clear to him ho would have instantly released her, bnt ~ she kept - her secret - dose — the secret which only one man oould have suspected, and that bub one of the base creatures of the earth whoseoareerwasstrewn with perjured vowiand blighted hopes, with shame and despair, and. sometimes death. Even as it was she would not have accepted Bernard ITauhmy had she . ' not hod a firm conviction that her days were numbered, and that she would soon go down to the gravo with her secret nnrevcaled. By her act she released her father from impend ing dishonour j by nature's decree sho would be saved from a woman's deopest shame. So they were married in Paris, and in the church in which the ceremony took place . forked the villain who had hatravnl hor. FT« kept so far back in tho gloom of unillnmined pillars that he did not we tho facss of hrido and bridegroom ; ho heard tho sound of mur . . muring voices, and, the-oeremony over, ho alunk away, twirling his Kephistopholian moustache with an airof satisfaction. It was an obstacle removed, trad he was contented. ' By my faith,' ho murmured, with'a smile, 'i Bate aaa my pastime, and Gabriollois settled in life. Farewell, my sweet Gabriello.' But if it contributed to his satisfaction to think' that tho conscquonccs of hia huso act worn for over removed, and that thoy would play no part in his future, ho oould huto paid ? . . no regard to that dread Fato which weaves its . thread! in silence and daftness, ondorer forns the grandest as well as the meanest of 'B10rtAl SchsniM ltt''t}irr mnmnnt nt fmitim W« build our castles and dream our dreams, heedloM of the uusoen riudow whioh waits upon our notions, and lo ! when tho edifice is erowned and the. dream is dreamed, a thunder . GiGUtt hUTH^A And Inn mas)a ll-.'..,..l. .f jL. I bost years of our lifo. Back in his house, with his bride and hij daughter by his dido, Bernard Jlnubray sent forth a work whioh set tho seal upon his renown as ono of. tho world's groat paintors. xoreo or ms Happiest montha went by, and Uien Oio douds Tbocamo overcast. Gabriello ?ouaod to bo pining away. Always nuiot ]W howthmand white the wan, bow the [?] t*'«WlSA.a?- ton«« too '!Ho. ft, 4ti&oStt; ' ' xav1? -««»jw»»1* [?] [?] taJjDo I frighten you, dabrioUo?' ho anitcd 'No, no,' she replied, » why shouU I bo ' frightened when you spent to mof' But oven conld not look him in tho faco. ' v' yGT *»° °'y Brio'1 confldo in -'»?' know.' ° J 'W« »a -,_« you strong.' he said, ?trWing io speak ohecrtully. ' *'*P,U are very good to me— too good, too ? good!' . Sbo was on Iho vorgg of tears, and ho foro bora to queehonhor farther. AU that lovo tonia do was dono— without avail. Horpeaoo of nuna seemed to Lit d«rtiv-*iui ? B«™»'i.M«ubray'e moat intimate friond was Dr. Weber, & pbysioian of great (kill and iroorience, nna from this friond ho sought , «dyi«a. -Br. 'Wobw aceompanied tho arUst .home, and g«yo. a gentle hint to Gabriello of the object of his unexpected visit. 'iff husband is muitaksn,' ahonald, bnt ?UU with that straogo air oS fear about her. 'I am quite weJL ? It is only a little ,m»k, »??. UMtjnU pus ofl. I urn glad to ses too. Dr. Wsber, tag' frf,n4. I, d, not w ««iro aedloal advioe,' T'^T°wASc,'' ..idBr. Weber, ''t'ho'must have chanm of air «»^«»g» 0[ scene' ho said to Jtabray. '01 the JwoTbeiieve tho latter is the more important montSTto'. and do not stop three days in ™e place. Take her to theatres where light pieces and light music aw bain? played. A ittlo frivolity will do nonnrm. ' When the prs/eet iw nnfo ded to «.*.?_ »t^ -L- »Bi.nntfui fn it trluair* even eagerly, ft was as if a weight were hftod from her soul-from Maubray's also._ His heart grew light at the relief expressed in her countenance. Ho showed her the plan of the tour ho had mapped out, and spoke of the pleasure in store for them. » Wo will start to-morrow,' ho Baid. 'tror sfio crjoo, onu tu« «-}»* «?»?' «'? of her faco. ' You, I, and Valerie,' hosaid, wondering at tbifl chwipo in her. * ' No, no,1' eho exclaimed hysterically. ' I muflt go alone — atone.' ' My dearest Gabrielle ? ' But she would not listen. With a scared look around, panting and wecpiny, sho cried again. 4II roust go alone — alone.' So greut was tho violence of her passion that So ceased to expostulate with her. He would not, however, consent to her going without a companion, and after much urging and pleading a compromise was agreed npon, Valerio was to aceompany her, and Maubray was to remain at home. As, in accordance with Dr. Weber's advice, tho ladies were to stop no longer than three days in ono place, it was arranged that Maubray should address his letters to the poili rttlante in the next town or city to which thoy were bound. 'Vou will write regularly,' ho said to GabrieUe. 'Don't tt'r me to promise,' she said. ' Tbo moment I sir down to write a lotter mj head begins to acho.' . But Valerie promised to write two or three 'raes a week, and with that he was fain to be content So the adieux were spoken, and they, rode away. Valerie in her letters spoko more of Gabrielle than of herself. Now the invalid was a little better, now she was not quito so well, now she said sho was feeling a little stronger. Time and timo again . did Haubray express his earnest desire to join them, if only for a week or a few days, bnt Gabriello would not hear of it, and somewhat to his surprise he was dissuaded also by Valerie, who before their departure was: very anxious . that he should accompany them. Condemned to seclusion ho took mental refuge in work, and spent most of his time in. the Buined Tower, where he painted from memory a marvellous portrait of His wife, absenco from whom intensified the lovo he bore for her. He wrote long letters to the absent ones, and to GabneJle ho poured forlh his soul, writing as a young man might have !one under tho influence of tho first divine dream of love. If sometimes inValerio's letters there was a forced gnioty, he did not detect it, having nn oye only to tho brighter ssuea of this enforced separation from those ho hold most dear. Thus month after month went by until four had passed, and then the thunderbolt fell. One morning, without uny . intimation that ho was coming, Dr. Wober ascended the Bteps of tho Bnined Torcr. and stood in tho prcsenoe of his friend CHAPTER XL _ Bernard lTaubray was putting tlio finish ing touches to the portrait of his wife, upon which until this day no eye had fallen out his own With minglei admiration and distress Dr. Weber gazed npon the beautiful „,'?-» W*«.' cried tho artist en thusiastically; 'it almost breathes. What 'It i« wonderful!' replied Dr. Weber 'PP™*^ by the mournful now, he was intrusted to communicate. _The sad note in tho dootor's voice drew Mnubray s attention to him; but ho turned rfi»wSLteth0 onst-)E3inR creati™ 'I did not wish you to eco it,' ho con tinued, '? until it was completed. It has been my principal occupation them last two months, and even now lam acarcoly satisfied ? it .a hardly worthy of tho ordinal but 2'n coumnope to fix upon cauvis a faco and I form so perfect? It is my gift to her upon her return, whonsho looks upon it sho will know that sho lm« !;»-*! £. «... u._^. slaUjioiJisTO Jongr to wait for our happy k«»lrtaBamo?,6g»*1J«* *'- !««limm l^nTM,!' «S5««--ft-l»-H.1 [?] [?] [?] Wt,V^^ul^^ *» v*^ 1 ' ''So T'lL''11^' [?] ??Good. Godl ,Itls Oabriollo! ToU mi qmokly-quicUy! Wliy did not Valcdo something in.your faco ? ' Valerie «id not write to mi j;™.. ? she feared tho shock.' * ? 'v'u0° ' The .hook !' exclaimed Maubray, a vague terror stealing npon him. bohero*1'*0''1'* ^V h°m'i *ho wiU KOn n'™ Oabriollo -oh, thank God'l SSSf?*}' ffll bnt W8 wUl mirsohoHnti health. 'My care, yourririU ? » aolemriy?'0 Tia ?-'«*' «aU Dr.' Wobor, M AIodo I *? . * ' ?u'mr^taS^1.11?™ Oro S?of' wI)Ilsh rMa man. itlf;??^101'5''- THoy oomo to all men : it is the human lot ? But in tho midst ef our anguish we must not be regudlau ol thoso who are still left to us, and whofc lovo will help to rofton even the blttoreat ^trka of destiny. The sense, ol doty remains i faith remains; and Tine, tho healer, will mttigat* our Bufferings.' ,y ' Gabrielle m (lend 1 ' ttii ^lfaBonjr la « muffleJ teno, sad turned hU faoo to tho {wall. In that ono word tho revolation was cWrfy made. I For many minatoa neither spok» , Ihto Dr. Weber said, I 'Valerie asked me. to trtaktfio sadnows; ?he enclosed a lotter for yon.' [ 'Leave ms, Wcbee, said the bereaved man. ' Do not speak, I cannot bear It[ Shj' ngonel Gonol' ^ ?[ Ho rank into a chair, »nd covered hit face with his hands. : A black dcnolatioa felt npon him : ioy diod out of the world : nothiJir bot pain mid sorrow remained. The imwe ol Oabricile presented itself to him, u hi flr»l I naw her in Paris wh«n lovo touabed his heart ; nn he last saw hor.when sbs dopartcq witb Valeric. Had be but known— had ho bat known 1 Ths imago slowly faded, atd th» world was dead. Ho did not Wfop ; thi .blow was too crushing for the rcliof o! tears. IT Dr. Weber placed Valerie's letter & tho table, and softly left tho room. ' ( It o as a MI hour before he stirred ifrom ' his recumbent. attitude, and when hb'Vaised [in heid his eyes rested upon, tho portntft ol Gabrielle. Ho had. depictodiier with a| erailo upon her face, and her lips socmed'lto be opening in the act of speaking. Was it nosfiblo that this dumb canvas should live andsbiibo dead?. No, it was not possible ; wine deceit had . been practised upon him. But Valerio's letter dispelled this delttsion ; tho words sworn in his sight, but reached his fcr.re. ' Sho died in pcaco. Dear father, be comforted.' A smile,, bitter in its roHollion against tlio inevitable, camo from his lips. ' Be comfortod 1 ' What oonld eomfort si man living in a dead world ! This was a great tragedy in Bernard Man bray's lifo, but in tie heart of this tr leedr ivos a secret, mercifully hidden .from Ion by Valeria, tho Jaiowlodgo of which* wonldTh&vo; overwhelmed him with * docper dsspaitWnd ? dcathleRS horror; a secret whioh Tvoulil have shaken to its foundations hia belief in human and Dmno goodness. Horcifally apantd in deed, though his anguish was sufficiently Ciignant without that bitter knowIodgokrEion y hidden in hia daughter's breast. Bo overwhelming was tho*deeoh-tion of ha soul that the presence of his dear child brought no comfort ; that the presence of Madame Bart maun, who come from Paris to console him, brought no comfort ; that seeing them c*ny by day, with tho oonfcioosnea that they; wen watching bis misery with sympathetic: I eye*, animated only with tho loviiiff dddre to fii'ij a way to mitigate it, was an added' tortaro to him. i ' Whnt can -wo do for yon, door Bernard f' said Madamo BCarrmann. i 'Iieavo me to mysolf,' he replied. ' Nothing will help mo but solitude. ., Imust ba alone to wrestle with my griet.' r ' So it fell out— for* their pleadings.1 were nseless— that Valerie was once more banished from his homo, end returned to Paris with her aunt. M ' You axe not angry with me, bther F' bIio Kakod him on tho day of hor departure. ' Anirry with yon, my child P No— *o 1' 'You will send for me ! You will let ma come homo again i' / ' When I am at poaco, Valorio, when I suffer less, I will send for you.' '| Ah, the pity in her faoo— the tender com pis&ion; with whioh sho embraced the father sho loved and honoured ! Was it treachery that Eho should keep her secret 'olose, the secret that brought hot blushes to her chocks, hottcarstoheroyes, in tho nolemu watches of tho night F No, it was tho truest mercy It lay in its gravo at peace, but oo grave bo deep an to help hor to forgot. To the last hour of hor life its memory would remain. For two years Bernaro\Manbrny kepfhim self secluded in Orow's Nest, admitting no friond or urquaintanco with tho single ex ocption of Dr. Wober, and ho camo uninvited. Upon Iho firat occasion, indeed, Dr. Weber' forced himself npon his friend, alarmed by the reports which reached him of the state of ;Mauhray'« health. . -r 'It is useless to 'expostulate,' said «fce doctor, 'I am hore, and here I intend to' remain. Fiicn Is are scarce, and I do not intend to loso mino if my poor skill can save him. You are Dot over-Dleased in jw» mn. Yery good— or rather, very bad. Neither am I ovcr-ploased to see you in tho state you aro. My dear Mimbray— my dear Mnnbray 1 ' Tho uudtrlying attoobon inythis little speech brought a foint responsive smile to Ifaubray'l lips. , 'I am glad to sen you, TVebcr,' he (aid. ' Forgno tho coldness of my welcome.'' 'I will foigivo ovorythiDg when I soo tb» Jlaubray oi old before mo. Not this Maubray that I see now — why, my dear friond, yon aro like a ghost 1 Now let ns bo practical. What is tho mattor with you f ' . i ' I cannot sleep.' ' ' 'For how long has this boon so ?' , ' Many months ' ? 'Inmgoing toexamino'yon. Nopro'reatsl I know my buxiness, and you know v'ours. No denying that; nnd no denying eithe'r that hoinous sin. Hoy many piotures have you1 painted this last year F' , . 'Thon you have long arrears to pull up, You shall paint my portrait, so thnfc o fitting presentment of myself nitty go down to an' ungrateful posterity.' , ' I oannot do it.' 'You shall do it. It is tho only favour I havo over nekod of you, and I will not be denied. I will givo you tho fiwt sitting, to-morrow. Remember, I nm your physician. ' I cannot put brush to canvas till I not some sleep.' ' j 'I will ensure you sloop; the lonuly life you aro loading is enftlcitnt to dostroyiyour nerves and your brain. When did you'hoar from Valerie last P' . 'I ' Yesterday. ' - 'r 'IoehowoUf' ' -„ (' 'Shosaysso.' * - i 4t WIidW rltri vrm wrifA fn Knr l»af Pi* ' A furtninht ago.' K, —Thero wai.ronroach in, .tho Klanotf'-Dr.-,, Weber rawt upou Itnubray, and Tie felt it. 1-ifo jaa boginninir to Btir within him ; the' inondly lmpuituujiic^, tho hoaUhv hoialnr »wci ^t 1 k^ *,*'? M'«»-ray, to nogloot » W.llSb^'1' ttut VeaUon-s»ooaa i am -worn on* -nr 'uvijr- *J«t jul* * I [?] oniS Br. WoW „'!? V,0'''* colour.-' jTh» itwi ta.tel4a^ liu,*wW''-l v?cm n i 1 ► 1 lho dootor-» P««onaf ^ 5^4^wr^^ fro je ooMTiOTiro.1 ' MC - 7 A*rtiool Dcntnta' Society has bwn'fo mJ tarn J^'1 l^0^ At tho J°«'oW«l '«? tnro ,t wa, .(Mod tlmtlew than 18 Set co to| 12 do not require wrao trental()nt ^ a-» j 