HIGH LIFE IN RUSSIA SEYENTY YEARS AGO. (?? New Century Review.') A Russian nobleman stood then on tho apes of his power. He wielded an iron sceptre within his castlc walls. He in dulged iu royal state. His staff of house hold servants included a lord chamberlain, lords and ladies in waiting, pages in attend ance, private secretaries, doctors, librarians, fools, hunchbacks, comic singers, dwarfs, negroes and negrosses, besides a full-sized band, a complete theatrical company, and a | corps dn ballet. Roughly speaking, the in t door servants and retainers rarely numbered I less than seven or eight thousand u souls.' All were serf-born. None were free to come and go. Tbe housekeeper had no harassing I duty of receiving or giving warning. Every moral creature belonged to the place just as much as the chairs and tables belonged to their respective apartments, both alike were the property of the master* who was at libertv to beat his carpets or his men, as the occasion required. Travelling in Russia at the present time it is no uncommon thing to come across a great block of dilapidated buildings standing cheek by jowl with some filthy village. The huts are populated, overcrowded with homan life, but tbe castle stands unoccupied but for the saving presence of rats and ghosts. We look at tbe broken window panes, at the terraces choked with tangled vegetation. Perhaps we enter at tbe castle's massive doorway. We wander through tho lofty, forsaken rooms. We stand in front of the I dim mirrors, and glance at their tarnished ' frames. We step on carpets of priceless ; value, and gaze on cbina stored io cabinets i of equal beauty and richness. We rest on ! some springy couch curved with tbe grace of rococo art. In curiosity we may touch tbe keys of a splendidly inlaid piano and fall I back shuddering at the weird metallic tones which echo through the empty house. Are we of a romantic turn of mind we sigh for ! the pity of it all, we regret the waste of so much luxury left a prey to decay and rain. ... j It is interesting to pick up old volumes | and hunt; up facts relating to a bygone I generation, associating the written matter i with souic well remembered spot, until a I glow of reality lights up the picture. We give below some extracts of this nature, taken from an authentic source: — ' Prince Jusepoff owned a large town house in Moscow which he placed com i pletely at the disposal of his barem, a group j of liftcen to twenty exquisitely lovely girls. The aged Frcnch dancing-master, Johel, renowned for bis consummate grace, was commanded by tbe prince to instruct them in his art. During the Great Fast, when by imperial decreo tbe State theatres are , closed, duscpofl invited bis special friends to witness the progress made by bis corp* do ballet. The performance, which was preceded by a gala dinner, gave unqualified pleasure to the guests. To tbe strains of , soft music the fair dancers glided on to the stage, bewildering the eye by their graceful movements. On a given signal from the host the girls, with miraculous ease, dis carded their scanty draperies and continued dancing clad a? Eve. 1 ' Almost incredible plans wcro often I worked out for tbe amusement of the visitors | at country houses, Imailow used to cuter tain his guests by the edifyingr spectacle of | inebriated noblemen tied to the sails of a windmill going at full speed. After a minutes1 revolution in mid-air they were released, sobered but half dead with fright. A piece of*fun, greatly appreciated, con sisted in sewing men into bearskins and, watching their movements as they vainly ! tried to evade the infuriated onslaught of ; the dngB which were let loose upon them. A winter sport, which found equal favor, ! was the sight of a thinly clad man being dropped in and out of a succession of water tanks, hewn for the purpose in the ice on some frozen river or lake. Much amuse ment, too, was caused by stripping a man, him into a barrel of tar, rolling him in a large heap of feathers and, in this condition, triumphantly conducting him through the near lying villages, to the beating of many drums.' The peasant is no longer a beast of burden, to be kicked hither and thither at the will of bis owner. Sincc the year 1862 his posi tion, from a legal point of view, has under gone a complete change, though, materially speaking, his lot in life has not altered. He U -till ground down to tbe earth by terrible poverty ; his education sbines by its complete absence ; his serf born instincts cling around him like unhealthy vapours, and his chief enemy is his own lethargy. His freedom can-e to him with overwhelming unreality. He was informed that he was no longer a 6lave~a slave to obey, to enduro to accept. Freedom — it is a great word, it is a noble word, it is a word full of possibility, full of soul-inspiring light. But to the blind the light of day has no meaning, and to the Russian peasant tbe very fact of standing alone, his own master, cowers him into trembling silcnce. He cannot grasp the situation. His dwarfed mind cannot travel with the rapidity of calculation. He re mains almost stationary on the level of bis forefathers. Like them he drowns his sorrows in vodki, and chants his joys in tbe verse of his people. His demands on life are incredibly small. His c&lm; acceptance of fate is a noble feature in the surrounding squalor. He complains but rarely. He goes his way as others have done before him, dumbly as a muto animal, bending his back te the inevitable, worshipping bin God and bis Tsar. 