TEVIOTYILLE STATE SCHOOL. A SUCCESBFUL CONCERT. (FBOh a ORBESPO )ENT.) A vaEnY enjoyabld concert was held In the Tevioteille State ScBohool on Friday evening last, and was a very creditable performance. The programme was a long and varied one, and the exeosllent manner in which the children acquitted themselves spoke volumes for the eare bestowed by the staff on their training. The popularity of the concerts in the above seminary was evideneoed by the very large audience that crowded the building; in fact, many persons could not gain admittance,, and had to content themselves with a view from the verandah windows. The andignoe was an appreelative and orderly one, and, though the programme was a long one, the applausnee was as hearty at the end as at the commencement. All the committee were present--vie., hMesesrs. Sweeney, George Johnson, B. Johnsun, A. M'Luoas, J. G(oan, George Wisesman, and J. Maudsley- and assisted considerably by their courteous manner to make things pass off smoothly. The committee also attended the school on several nights previous to the con: oert, and ereoted the stage and renderel every aselstance in their power to make the funotion a suooess. Mr. A. Mofist made an excellent chairman, and his wittiolems and apt remarks kept everyone in good humour. Mrs. Quinlan and Miss Omrawford opened the programme by playing a piano dnet *lth much taste and bril tascy, and they were loudly applauded. Mas ter Fred Mller, a little boy of six yqars, recited a prologue, "Welcome,"in amaonerhatstamped him a born elocutionist; later on he recited another piee--" Medloine Time"-equally as well. The part.song," What Fairy-like Music," was perfectly rendered by the third, fourth, and fifth class girls. The "Moonlight Bong of Fairies" looked quite an el8fin ssene when lit up by the ooloured lights. Miss Bose Johnson reolited "Barbara Pritohile" with mush power and expreseiln, and B. Podliek and B. Nester reclted "Mother's Troubles" quite naturally. Miss Biohter and Mim M. Wisserman were ensored for the dunet " What Are the Wild Waves Sayloing?" and responded with a oemlo daet, " Reuben and Rachel." Miss Biohter also splendidly sang "Love's Empire," and played a brilliant plecs on the piano entitled " Hongarlan Bhapsodfe," by Let. This young lady's singing and playing arera something marvellous for her age, and she will probably yet make a name for hebarself in the muslical world. The first and second olans girls sang "Won't You Come to My Tea-Party" very eoffectively. The patriotie songs, " Aurstaliane Marehing On,.' and "' Sons of Britannia," with union jacks, tonohed a responslve chord in the bosomsof the audience, and were loudly applauded. A charaoter song, "The Pedlar," was vary well rendered; Master J. Faulkner made a typlal Assyrian hawker. Misoes M. West, E. Qoinla, A. Podiiok, and J. Faulkner sang very sweetly the "Bose, Shamroek, Thistle, and Wattle Flower;" and a resitation, "The Naughty Boys and Girls," by Misses E. Gnash, A. Batley, A. Lewald, and Jack Qulnlann was favourably commented on., Master J. Quinlan resoelved qoite an ovation for the song "Slap Dab," and sang the last verse over again. The two items that required the most careful oainog were the "Norsery Bhyme Qouadrllise," prepared by Miss Oraw frd, and the "Maypole Danse," by sls. Qoin. lan both were gone through without a hitoh, and the effect of the ooinured lights on the tastefully dressed and graceful little girls was charming. "The Chinaman," song, In haralter, by the fourth and fifth olmes boys, prevokedmuoh merriment, as also did the song " Chin chin Chinaman." The tableau "The dirty boy" showedthe wonderfnl eetesof clean soap end water on a dirty-faned boy, and Miss J. Batley acted the eroes old granny to pelrfeo tion. "The Japanese fan" song, in eharacter, looked quite an Oriental seene. The farce "Grandmudder's ghost" was capitally per formed; all thetoys aoted their.parts well and kept the audience highly amused throughout. A verse of the National Anthem coslioded a very enjoyable ntertainment. Mr. Moffat ex pressed much pleasure at the satisefastory manner i whish the conoert was carried out. Be said the people of Teviotrlile were very for lunate in having euoh an effiient teaching staff, and they must remember that these boys and girls were not genianes, but only the aver age boy and girl, and oonsequently It must have required the exereise of alet of paotlenae to train them. The head teacher said it gave him great pleasure to see so many people present from all parts of the distrlct, so that the gathering was a representative one. He thanked the eommit. tee for the way they worked for the welfare of the eshool, and spoke in complimentary terms ol Miss Orawford as'a painstaking and zealous teaoher. A vote of thanks to the Chairman was carried by aoolamation. A dense, attended by about 40 oouples, was then indulged in for a few hours. After paying all expenses the cons. cert netted £18. I believe the onoert will be repeated on the 30th of November-Arbor day -when the union jack will be hoisted on the splendid flag- staff now ereoted on the grounds. It is also intended to ask the loo. George Thorn, M.L.A., to hoist the flag, and Mrs. Thorn to distribute the prizes. 