ComwCuM • Ih» Bu^est « J ^ - m p .Jljł s|', : A puy. mMtlon-^h«*|he,»Ml • The Ideal .husWnï—eome othw wesaaa'» husband. " The Highest Approbation.—Applause front the gallery. Hardly Suitable for Breakfast.—The " roll" ot the sea. The man at the bottom of the ladder cannot fall and hurt himself. Ąn Intoxicating Beauty.—A pretty girl attired la a wine-coloured silk. A Spiritual Inquiry.—"Is it, likely that ghosts talk In the dead languages V ' If you don't know when you are well off, you are pretty sure to And out afterward, It would be a good deal easlsrjp love our neighbours as ourselves It they would do things the way we do. Why la selling oB bankrupt goods like prepsring a. basin ot soup t"—" Because It's a liquidation of stock." Papa, why do ther call language the mother tongue ?" " Because the father so seldom gçta a cbance to usa it." t. It's Thriie, Avlc !—Says us Irish'" lover, •• It Is a great comfort to be alone. especUt^ ly when yer swateheart is wld ye !" Mother's Image.—Visitor : " How much the baby resembles lu mother 1" Father : " yes. It talked when It was only six mouths old !" Mother : " Johnny, why did you not tell me that you were naughty at school V Johnny : " Tisn't best to tell women eve.-y» thing." Prisoner : " If your Honour will allow mo a little time I think I can prove my Innocence." Magistrate : " All right ; take thirty days." Robby : " How did the Sphinx get the credit ot belug so wise, papa 7" Mr. Knowin ; " By keeping her mouth shut for about 3000 years." " Do you suppose tbe telephone will ever replace the telegraph 1" " It may, but no matter what happens il'a safe to say tbe telephone will bave the call." . Vou don't even dress me decently," abe cried. " I'm going home to papa." " All right," replied Doollts ; " you might say lo him also that I need a new suit myself." First Artist (pstronlslngly) : " Van Dike Is a gocd fellow, but be never will be a finished painter." Second Artist: " No : all ot his ligures are entirely too lifelike." George : " I Just saw you coming frcm the conservatory with Miss Goldle. Rather handsome girl, but too reserved for me." Thomss : " Yes. I Just reserved her ror life." " I sm sorry I bought one of those ilnormats with ' Welcome' on It." " Why so ?" " Some stupid fellow mistook the nn-aiiluK of the word and helped himself to It the ttrat night." •• Josephine Is dresdfully vexed with bor husbsnd." " Whst hss he done ?" " She gave Mm gold suspender buckles at Christmas. and now he won't keep bis cost ou at dinner." He : " Tbat 1s Juat like a woma —reading tbe end of a novel first. It scemi to he tbe nature of a woman to Jump at a c< iclusion." She : " I didn't Jump in this skipped." \- - - • „ „ _ , , . , , Second C.M.: "You don t say so! 1» p;>'r Kasher-llacon dead ?" First CM.: No ; but be's dying." " What, then," the new womai asked defiantly, " whal, then, la woman's sphere to-day ?" The old m a.n shook Ills head .u sorrow. " T hit earth seems to he woman's sphere," he said ruefully. Lonesome Larry : " I'm awfully uncertain about what I ate at dat boardln'-house." Weary William : " What did It look like ?" Lonesome Larry ; " 1 can't describe It, but nom de plume was hash." I wonder," said the young man, hether there Is much money to be made by writing novels.-' " Some, perhaps," rer plied the professional amanuensis, " but not as much as by typewriting them." "Jane," ssld tbe landlady severely, " where are the egga for dinner ? 1 told you to cook that dosen I borrowed from the neighbours," " yes, mum, but you told me later to be sure and return 'em." " I see that fellow Dawson got out his new patent kites the other day, snd personally he. was taken up into tbe air sixty feet by them. He muat be craxy." " Not crazy—but certainly a very light weight." Nell : " Miss BJones uses French phrases In tbe moBt peculiar manner." Bell : "Do** she ?" Nell : " ïes. Indeed ! Why, at breakfast yesterday, I asked her how she liked her eggs and she said they were very chick." "Didn't your brother forget his lines-c t the amateur theatricals last evening ?" " No—be only got them mixed a little. Instead of saying, ' I hear tbe tramp of approaching footsteps,' he said, ' I hear the footsteps of approaching tramps.' " Voice at the telephone : " Major, will you please bring your family and take supper with us next Sunday ?" Servant girl (replies back through telephone) : " Master snd mistress are not -In at present ; .but they can't come to supper, .as It'a my Sunday out." " Every year," said the professor, " a sheet of water fourteen feet thick Is raised to the clouds from the sea." " What time of tbe year does that happen, professor ?" asked the freshmœ fiom tbe Interior. " I should think it would bé a sight- worth going to see." " Do you go to school, little boy -!" " Oh, yes, sir—I love to go to school !" " Whal do you study—reading, writing, and srlthmmetlc ?" " All of those, sir !" " And are you familiar with punctuation ?" " Oh. yes, Indeed, sir i Teacher punctuated her tire las' week, an' I mended It for her in less 'a tea minutes, sir." " An old African cruiser" writes :—"Some yeara alnce a captain, now dead, who was In command of the Ialand ot Ascension, had. to decide a very difficult point or etftuette. Some of the ladles complained to htiq the best seats In church—tbe front AńeS were tsken by the wives of the Junior oOlcers. The captain lookMcVe» thoughlttl tor a tew minutes, and thenlekave bls'declslon, which waa v In tubire the elder s thetróntsssts.' 