THE DAY OF REST. OVERCOMING EVIL. [Bv GEORGE W. KENNIOS, D.D., Bishop Bath and Wells.] of Preached in St. Peter's Episcopal Church, Glasgow, on Sunday evening, January 21. "Him that ovcrcometh will, I make a pillar in the temple of 31v God, and he Shall go no more out; and 1 will write upon him the name of Mv God, and tlie name of the city of My Gofl, which is New Jerusalem, which cometh down out of heaven from My God; and I will write upon him My new name."—Revelation iii. 12. What a wonderful thing it 5s for us to remember that our Lord Jesus knows so well that every one of us must go through this life meeting with strife and difficulty at every^step of it. If we bought that.it was somehow expected differently of us, we should be almost overwhelmed}- I think sometimes, with disappointment and dismay, at finding how much there is for us to overcome in tihe evil that is in the world around us; in the Evil One, who is lying in wait for our souls; and, hardest of all, in the evil that is in ourselves. For however hard may be the conflict which some of'us "may have to meet with in battling against sins without, every one of us, I should think the youngest of us, must know that the hardest tiling we have to do is to overcome ourselves. -And then we remember that the promise is made by One who knows io welll what conflict, means, and He also knows and has taughlt us what true victory is. It is the Lord Jesus Himself—who met tihe greatest of foes and overcame him, who rose tie greatest of victors, and is crowned with tbe giory that is His throughout eternity—who says to us, "Him that overcometh will I make a pillar in the temple of My God, and he shall go no more out; and I will write upon him the name of My God, and the name of the Citjf of My God, winch is New Jerusalem, whicfl cometh down out of heaven from My God; and 1 will write upon him My new "name." ce that the Lord Jesus 'promises to every one of us who overcomes, the great reward of stability or firmness—to be able to s'and. What would you not give for that lifow, some of you—what; would you not give to be able to think when th'alt terrible temptation comes upon you that seemed 60 fierce that you could not stand against it before, when you know that possibly the lauglir,?! 1 o£ your companions or the jeers of those who have no sympathy with your aims will be so strong against you, and you fear that you will play. the coward—what would you not give to know that you may be strong and'firm, and not only stand firm yourself, .. but be a helper of others? For ± ul this is just what the Lord -Jesus promises shall be the reward of him that overcometh. Let .us get- hold of the fact, every one of us, young and old, that we have to overcome. It is -so hard to fight against popular opinion, to fight against the world. It is so hard, as we all know, to overcome the lust» of the flesh, the pa-ssions of vour own nature, which undoubtedly, if we do not learn to overcome, will, overcome us and drag us downwards, if we do not master them iu the power of the Spirit of Christ, that we shall be able with the fulness and richness of the life that God has given us to be able to serve Him, gradually being conformed to the likeness of our Lord.. Then there is that memv of our souls who lies in wait for us; who puts the untruthfulness into us; who tries to make the little lads and girls tell lite, and who tries to make us older jjeople become deceitful and hypocritical; and who tries to make even- one of us think evil of others, and stubbornly of God. That foe has to be put to flight. We have to trample him under our feet. We have to remember we belong to the Lord Jesus; that we have been signed on our foreheads with His mark; that we are His; that He c-laims us as IlLj own; that He wants us to marc-li onward in His army, and He gives us some particular ' place to bold for Him, and He bids us stand :'ast and hold it, and not let the enemy in. And if we be true to our Lord Jesus, we =hall ask, "How can I hold this place that He gives me to hold for Him? How can 1 withstand these enemies that, are pressing hard against me?" I can do it only in the grace uhait corocs from the Lord Jesus; y that grace which is not natural but supernatural 'help; that grace which God gives b us in His Holy Word and Sacraments, yyp whic-h He gives to even.' little child that asks Him in prayer; which He gives to every one of us who lives by the truth; which He gives us in greatest measure when we kneel at His altar, and are partakers of tJhat Sacramental food by which sou-Is are strengthened, and the promise comes afresh to us tlhat our sins are for us, and in the life of the Lord we rise up to go forth and do our best for Him. And you may do it, and you may win. There is not one of you who need give in to sin. for the Evil One can never compel He may tempt you. he may taunt you, he may press you Jliard. but he cannot throw you down. He has ,ro say. "Case thyself down," and you can stand firm for sake amd in Christ's strength, if ou will. And then you will understand he meaning of the promise Jesus makes to im that overcometh. "Him that overometh will I make a pillar in the temple f My God, and he shall go no more out; nd 1 will write upon him tihe name of My od, and tihe name of the city of My God, hich is New Jerusalem, which cometh own out of 'heaven from My God; and I ill write upon iiim My new name." "A pillar in the house of My God." hese pillars hold up not only the walls bove, but they help in resisting tihe thrust f the roof and the pressure thaitj may come rom other sides, and they bind and keep ogether the building m which we are warhipping. They are suggestive of what od wants to make each one of us, a trength to his brethren, a supporter of thers, a helper in the real building of the piritjiai temple of God; and r>ne that- .will go no more out,, but will stand firm and be able to strengthen everything round about us. Would not that be something.to thank God for? to help somebody else, to strengthen the hands of others. To stand firm yourself, and to help others—what a blessing! What greater blessing could be? And then He promises to write upon this pillar, first of all, "the name of My God." To know tfaat you belong to God—what' a wonderful thing t,h.a± is! Probably the first step that one has to take in. that direction is to know that one belongs to oneself, to know, Vhat is, that ye have the power to choose anything and to do anything. And God has given us all that power of choice. We can choose to'be good, or we can choose to be evil. We may find it very hard to be good, but at least we can choose ithat side, and then, when we have learned that we belong to ourselves, and have the power of choosing whether we will be on the side of God or on the side of the Evil One, then we know that we-belong to God; that we are His; that we were made His alt our baptism; that He really claims us as His own.' There is not a child here who has been baptized into the narme of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, whom God does hot own as His own child; not a man or woman here with, grey hairs, whom Christ does not acknowledge as His own, tha't has been baptized into' that sacred name. Even though he may have wandered aw^-y from Jesus; even though he may have gone astray, He still calls him • His own, and would call him back again; and now promises £hat if he will. overcome, Jie shall have his frame written on, his'forehead, the name of His God. "'And the name of the city of My God." That i6 the realization that we belong to the Church of Christ, that every one of us are brethren of each other, each one a brother the other; that we are in sacred fellowship with God and His dear Son, and that we are bound to think of- the interests of each other, and that our own welfare i6 bound up with the welfare of the Church of tihe living God; that w£ are not to tjhatik of ourselves as isolated persons who are receiving some special blessing sent down for us alone, but that in the Ohurch of Christ we are partakers of that grace and that blessing which He sends down upon His whole Church. For we are members of that great city, the Church of God, and He will write on us the name of His city. I think it is a great Ohing to be a citizen of a great, city. It is a great thing to take your part in tihe municipal work of a great citj\ It is a great honour to do any service, however humble it mighit seem, thlat benefits your fellow-citizens^ People in Glasgow who already have done a great deal that o t .her parte of Scotland and England admire very much, have yet who knows howmuch to. do if they are to make this city what it should be. But you may well try to do your best in your own neighboui4iood. Vou can take, care thaVeverything is set right so far ae it lies'in your power 1 , and never let a wrong go unredressed. Tuis you should do as good citizens of your city. But how much more ought you to do it as citizens of the Churdh of the living God, caring for every one of the lambs of Christ's flock, caring for every one of the citizens of the great King's city; seeing they do not perish for want of spiritual food; seeing that they are not growing;up in the an and wickedness that would, so easily destroy all vestiges of the marks of citizenship which He ibas set upon them. Care for them, for the name of the city of My God shall be written on every one of you, who wants and means to overcome, and does it in the strenptih of the Lord Jesus. And lastly, "I will write upon. Iiim My new name." As you sang in that hymn just now. The love of Jesus, what it is None but His loved ones know. Well, He loves us all; we are His loved ones. Perhaps we mean "none kuow but those who really love Him." But as soon as you learn to love, the Lord Jesus with all your heart, then you find out there is a new power tor you, the power of Christ with you; the Friend to whom you (turn in all your difficulties; the One that you desire to grow like; and He makes it possible for you to grow like Him, for He writes upon ou His new name, His character, the character of love. He leaches you to love Him y the love that He has to you. He teaches ou to grow like Him, because He loves ou so, and that hew name that you learn, erhaps slowly, the name of Jesus, all tihat r g f m He is to you, saltisfies-your heart in such manner that never a day can you bear to let the enemy bave dominion over you. You will realize you must live for Christ, your King, Who gave Hiinselt for you, because He loved you so. God grant that you may go from this service to-night with the desire to overcome evil; that you may determine 'that every evil habit shall be dropped, every evil desire shall be ehoked and thrust out of you, at the very first moment that you are aware of it; that you will call upon God for His help, and you w-tfl never call in vain if you really mean it; that you will pray Him to give you strength tiiati you may overcome, and you will stand by others and never be afraid to put'your hand on their shoulder and say to them, "You cannot surely fall into that sin, when you know what it means to Jesus Christ, who died to save you from it." For His sake stop the evil; for His sake Strive to do your best for His city, tihe Church: for His sake do your utmo6t ito grow like Him; and the love of Jesus will so grow in your heart that you shall day by day thank God for what He has done for you as you strove to overcome evil. 