What's in a Name ? A deal' of contro versy is at present proceeding about the names of the new Federal' electorates and the designation of the' new capital of ; the Commonwealth. ' What's in a name ? A rose by any other name Would smell as sweet. That's as it may be. An ' eminent music-hall artiste ' recently visited the colonies, and was so delighted with Coogee'that on his return home he gave that name to his I country residence, and likewise to f his infant son, born shortly after' i wards. It would be interesting to 1 learn the exact expression he used , when informed that Coogee is an aboriginal word which, translated inter English, reads1 — stink ! But apropos of suggested names for the ^ capital, a few of those suggested by competition in a well-known London weekly journal are worth noting : — Federalla is too sugges ! tive of fal-de- ral ; Melopolis, Pen tapolis, Austropolis (which savours of obstreperous), Imperiopolis — are merely variations of Necropolis. v Mesyadbriper (great Scott !) South J oin ville, Bon A ccord du Snd (clothes pegs would be needed to fix on * our noses ; we can't even pronounce Mont de Piete) ; Melsydd-un (this competitor was evidently Mr. Evan Evans ffom Llangollen) ; Austrariglia (savours of Nosy Bob's business) ; Australopolis (lollipops) ; whilst another gentle .sjgan suggests Australfcedus or Anflpodia. He is evidently a chemist, and has on his mind asafoetida. Verily there are some funny people . in this world — ' fujp}| without being vulgar !' V The Minister for ^ Mining Mines last week in Legislation. traduced a bill to provide for the regu lation and inspection of mines, other than coal or shale ; and an incident that occurred but a few days back at Broken Hilhshows how badly slich an«Act is needed. A' I man died from injuries received on the Central* Mine, and at the in quest the mine inspector admitted ^ that he had not visited the scene ^ of the accident until more than eight hours after it occurred, dur ing the whole of which time the men, and those on the succeeding shift, worked on the spot as though ^nothing had happened. The usual ' j^fiken Hill juror is a riiari'who ' . .Spends seven-tenths of his '; time ? loafing about the streets, biimtiiiiig for drinks ; two-tenths at the paper office seeking for news of an acci dent; and the other tenth on the jury. When in the box he is not likely to ask an awkward ques tion, for fear of losing a con stant job. Occasionally, how ever, a man is summoned who is independent and tries to do his duty ; and on the occasion under notice one such dared to ask the mine inspector : ' Is there no law in New South Wales pro hibiting the underground workings in the vicinity of an accident be ing continued until the inspector has examined the place ? ' The answer was in the negative and the inspector appeared to be sur prised at the temerity of a common juryman daring to ask the question. # * * By such a condition of things a large number of men are compelled to work on for hours — and others to take their place — on dangerous ground; besides which, by the mine inspector not being present immediately after the accident, the companies have time to ' fake up ' the ground and make it look as though precaution had always been taken, even in localities where the utmost negligence has hitherto been observed. It is an easy matter to do this in the space of a few hours. In Victoria and other mining countries the law is very strict on this point. In the case under notice not a word was said in the report in the daily paper, nor by the so-called ' Labor ' paper, as to the juryman's question — one that did credit to the man's heart as well as brain — and it remains for us to emphasise it and to suggest that Mr. Fegan demand from the local inspector a reason — not an excuse — for his neglect to visit the scene of the accident until after eight hours had elapsed. He could have reached the mine from his office in five minutes, and from any part of the line of lode under fifteen. Mean time, let the men learn a lesson ; let them make their Union stronger, and they: will stand a chance of getting justice and fair play. As they stand now they havn't the ghost of a show of being heard or helped. Mining legisla tion in N.S.W. is fifty years be hind everywhere else — and for this the men have no one but themselves to blame. At the ceremony Christianity of consecrating the To-day. new Bishop of Carpentaria at St. Andrew's Cathedral on Friday last, the offertory, in response to a sermon by the Bishop of New castle, amounted to the sum of nearly ^'8500, including (evidently contributed under the spell of Hysterical word-painting) a valu able diamond ring. If kuch a Collection was the result of Dr. Stanton's eloquence, that gentle man must have wonderfully im proved since the old days of almost empty benches in Red Lion square ; but whilst the Bishop is to be congratulated upon the. growth of his oratoiical and his trionical abilities we question whether those congratulations can be repeated as to his increased practical acquaintance with the science of Christianity, as taught practically and theoretically by a certain Nazarene Carpenter. For ;a layman, and that layman a journalist, to dare to question the orthodoxy of a bishop, is possibly the height of presumption and ? heresy ; but, as it does not need a : Royal Academician to note the J difference between the original painting of a great master and the daub of a copy produced by the brush of a raw amateur, so it does not necessarily need a bishop, or even a professional Christian, to discern the difference between the religion lived and taught in Nazareth and Galillee and that existing to-day. Then it was real and true — to-day it is arti ficial ; then it was solid gold — to- day it is the commonest of gilt, without a trace of the pure metal. Then it was, ' He went about doing good,' feeding the hungry,, healing the sick, assisting the suffering, caring for the widow; and when the ' respectable ' crowd, in their self-righteousness and pride, yelled for the blood of the woman who had sinned, it was the Great Teacher, the Divine author of the Christianity we theorise about, who stood dignified and calm, facing that yelling crowd, the woman seeking safety at His feet : ' Let him who is without sin among you first cast the stone.' Silently the crowd re treats, and the woman and the Man remain alone. ' Doth no man condemn thee?' 'No man, Lord.' ' Neither do I condemn thee ; go and sin no more.' * * . m That was the Christianity lived by the Church's Master, and which, if reflected by the Church, would by its magnetic power attract the whole world heavenwards! But what of it to-day ? Nine thousand pounds in one hour for foreign blacks ; and in our own city — Hospitals with. empty coffers ; the poor without food ; starving little ones and homeless outcasts, al most without number ! A city sunk to the depths in vice and immorality, and with streets the state of which, after nightfall, is not approached by any other city in the world, the pavement outside the Cathedral itself being the haunt of the lowest and filthiest immorality, and of the worst 'bludgers' in Sydney, whilst streets close to the same holy building are alive with the city's verminJ' As, .the hymns of the Cathtedral / ctioir ascend upward, and the notes.1 of the grand old organ peal out arid thrill the worshippers, that same music reaches into scores of the most debauched dens of the city, and eats, indifferent to the organ notes, even though the sound be forced, upon them, at the same time revel' in the 'music' of the bordeL Picture a woman to-day daring to' seek shelter from her life on .the pavement in the door of the cathedral, the kirk, or the chapel I How 'respectability' would be horrified ! The women would hold their skirts in horror lest they be contaminated by contact with the ' sinner ' ; the parson would turn aside, and the verger would send for the police to move the wretched woman on ! And this in a building raised to the worship of the Galileean swagsman, who stood side by side with such a one,., against the howling mob which sought her life ; defended her,, protected and forgave ! Oh, the hollow mockery, the hypocrisy, the libel on Christianity, of this Churchianity of to:day I Nine thousand pounds— nay a' hundred times nine thousand — when asked, for the blacks of the., southern seas, the Chinese Euidi others ; but scarcely a penny,, and. never a kind word, never a helpj 1 ing hand, for the outcasts— the-, sinners of our own land ! Mis sions to the heathen galore, btit nothing for the wanderers of our' own city ! For less than threei years' work, the great Social. Democrat trained for 30 years, in the home of a jobbing carpenter'.! His chosen priests were ? maiiily fishermen ; He lived and worked;, and hungered with them, and by the magnetism of the life He led at tracted the ' common people ' to His. side. Is there one solitary parson in Australia to-day who by the magnet of his life has attracted' the common, people Calvary wards ? Fail in this, and he is. unfit for his office. Tested thus, to-day, Christianity in Australia, is dead ! ' How the Devil must: laugh, and the Angels weep !' The good folks at ChatswootJ. seem wondrously ambitious :tb serve their fellow ratepayers 1H the capacity of aldermen, or ejse have a greater fancy for litigajtion. than most of us. At the rec'eni election for the new ward, Messrs. HoWarth, M.P., and Hugh £juff Were returned, but their positipn has since been challenged by an unsuccessful candidate on ilie ground that the nominations were delivered late. Hence the election has to be fought over again, J as these nominations will now' $-8 \ in ample time, it is expected '.that the saime gentlemen will be 're- turned with larger majorities -thaii before. .Both candidates are eiji inently suitable, and, Mr. Duff, from his extensive operations \irifk property, |s especially qualifiel'fi fill the office 'of' alderman. ^ 