LOVE ORDEALS. CHAPTER I. — (Continued). THE GHOST OP TIIB PAST. Guy murmured something in th« shape of thanks for this promised muni ficence ; his uncle, however, took no notice of his words, but, as if he had not' heard them, went) on : 'I have watched you carefully, and T have so much confidence ia you thab I do not now hesitate to ask of you what, with another, I would make a condition of the bestowal of this wealth.' ' I am glad it is a request) rather than a condition,' said Guy, with quick pride. ' You would have resented tho con dition, perhaps even refused it ; qutried Sir Richard, with, an anxiety he made no effort to conceal. 'I am a Hartleigb,' was the proud answer. 'Bat the request ?' 'Is acceded to without hesitation. 1 make no reservation, for I know it is as little likely that you would aBk, as that I would grant, anything that could not be done with honor.' 'It is true; but yoa must know the request) before you grant it.' Sir Richard let bis head fall upon his band as he said this, and for several minutes did not open his lips. There was so little of the old familiar sternness and there was so much of repressed sor row in his uncle's tone and manner, that Guy felt a new sentimenb coming to life in his generous young hearb. It seemed to him that in place of the hard, repel lent old man he had accustomed himself to see in his uncle, thero was one who needed his affection and support. He pub bis hand out with a frank, generous gesture, characteristic of'him and would hayespoken, bub the old man seemed to comprehend, for be looked up with a smile as Bweet as ic was rare, and taking the band in both of his for a moment, gave it a gentle pressure, which seemed to say, 'I know whab you would say, and I thank you.' Then lie dropped it, ana ruing painiuny co nis reeo, saia, brokenly : , ' Guv, you have known me a silent, unloving man. A miser, some have called me ; a misanthrope, others. I have been neither, but a suffering, selfcon demned wretob. The cause you shall know.' He drew a tiny key from his pocket, and approaching what looked like a largn cabinet resting against the wall, inserted the key and unlocked it. Two doors awung open, and thore was revealed to Guy's astonished eyes tho portrait of n surpassingly beautiful woman. Many times hud Guy stopped wonderingly before this saeming cabinet, but never had he suspected what it really was. Ho turned to Sir Richard with a look of inquiry. ' My wife,' were tho only words he spoke, and then turned away with such a look of agony on his face that Guy's kind heart went out to him. Ho would have gone to bis side and given him thab silent sympathy which men like, but felb that it would be wiser nob; bo he stood looking up at the lovely faco, which seemed to be smiling down ab him, in a trustful, tender way thab bespoke biB confidence, in spite of the story no vaguely remeinooreu to uuve beard of her. By-and-by his uncle returned to his side, and aBked him softly . ' Oould you believe' her to bo false?' ' No,' answered Guy, in bis fearless way. ' Sit down. Twenty years ago to-day I married ConBtonco Faulkner. She was young and, as you seo, rarely beauti ful. I loved hor, and I believed she loved me. And when I say ' love ' I mean all tho word can mean; — adoration, worship, devotion. I hud been, as you have no doubb hoard, wild as few n-.en are. Mad Dick Harileigh I' he said, with a sigh. ' Tho name tolls the story. But after my marriage I was as faithful and true as I had been unstable and wild before. Two years after our mar riage a child was 'born to us — a girl. Wo woro very happy, so happy that for Cto yeard wo shut oursolves oub from tho world, content wilh each other; bub then I one day met an old friend, one I had loved us Damon loved Pythias. I invited him to the hall, to renew the friendship of the old days. One day I re- | turned to find him at the feet of my wife, speaking words of love to her. He slept not ag.-.in in this house.'1 The old man lowered hi3 voice, 'He went with me to F.ance, and there I lnft him dead. When I returned to my home, my wife whs gone — my wife and child.' The prematurely grey brad dropped on tho thin white hand, and the silence of anguish and despair fell upon him. Guy said not a word, but his broad chest rose and fell, and his eyes fi II' d with a sympathetic moisture which did him honor. All tho n servo and the coldness of the past meltid away, and tho young heart and tho old throbbed together. Presently the old man looked up with a sympathetic smile and continued : '1 did not seek to bring hfr back. I asked co questions ; I would not even look upon the things that wero hers. T shut up the hall ai:d went abroad. Five years later I came back here, my heart hardened and full of scorn for myself. 1 went through the looms, scoffing nb my iclf, to seo them just as she had left them. I went even to her chambi r, and tossed over tho dust covered articles on her toilet-talile, trying to .make myself believe I did not care. And my heart was crying out all the time ! Guy,' and his voice sank to a low whisppr, ' as I burueu over ine mors miu jcwimh rnao my there I came upon a yellow, time- stained envelope addressed to hip. It was in her writing. I tore it open. I know not what I thought lo find in it; but, oh, great Ileavr-n 1 it thowed her to me as white and spothss as the angels them selves. She who had gone away in her innocence, knowing my furious anger and unreasoning passion, had left tbat letter, hoping I would read it and follow her for foi givene-s. I sought hor then, but, a'as I it was too late. I hired detectives to search for her, nnd for years they searched for her in vain ; but at , last they were successful, and came apon I her and her child in America. But just as they were about to com ?nunicato wiih her, she unaccountably disappeared. Then again they searched, and again found her, only to he baffled in the 8ime wsiy. Time nnd again the same ming nappeneri, uniu in seemed co me that6he must be trying to elude me. I did not dare go seek her myself, fearinu, I know not why, that if T did some dire misfortune would befall her and the child. Now, she is dead. He arose and pacfd the floor, not with the assured step Guy had been so accus tomed to see, bub feebly and almost totteringly. Bub ib calmei him. and in a few minutPB he resumed his seat and took up the Btory again : ' The child is found, a young woman now, and it only remains to bring her home. Home, Guy I I dare not go, and every day I look for a telegram saying that she, too, has disappearrd again.' Guy's handsome face lighted up, and he spoke eagerly. ' You will leb me go for her? IfBhe disappears again, I will trace her. I will find her and bring her to you. It is what you would ask, is it not 1 It is whab 1 would do. Tell me whub you know of her whereabouts, \yhere is sne now i ' In San Fiancisco. But it is much to ask of you.' ' It is nothing. I shall be ready to morrow. We will not delay a moment more than ia necessary. I am not only willing, I am eager to go.' 'But, Guy, thei'tiis more to be said.' 'More? What is it ?' asked Guy, uneasily, for there was a strange expres sion in Sir Richard's face, '? Can you picture whab my child must be, having led tho life she has ?'' 'But what does it ma'trr? 'she is your daughter, and my cousin. You doubt how I will icceive one who is, perchance, ignorant and uncouth ? Doubt no longer. She is the victim of an injustice, and I, as well as you, will do what lies in me to rectify it.' ' Ab, Guy ; as noble as a Hartleigh 1 Ib applies to you as it never did to me. Bub have you considered — have you thought — do you — ' 'You hesitate. Tell me, without reserve, what is in your mind.' ' Guy, thero is bub one way to place my daughter right before the world,' ' And that is ? ' 'By marriage with one who is her social equal,' Guy looked down as if studying the full meaning of the words, and then looked up with a frank smile, and put ting both hands out to his uncle said : ' I understand you. This is the rc quesb — thab I marry your daughter?' 'I nobiced your attentions to the Lady Gladys to-night.' 'She is pietty, and I was atbracted. It might never have gone any further — at leist, it shall not. 1 will find your daughter, and, if she will have me, I will make her my wife. And, uncle, I do ib with a cheerful hourt and without ono misgiving.' 'Heaven bless you, Guy ! I do not deserve this from you.' (To be Continued.) 