-. EiliY' OONFESSIONL CHAPTER XV.-Con'i.,ned. * A ice says she is very N-, 1I, but she looks miserably,' Judith answers, with some con o-wn. 1I wish von would get her out, Eileen. She minds what you say more than anyone else. It mast be had for her sitting indoors all the time ; and I don't know how she can do it in such .glorious weather as this, with the sun splitting the trots.' My conscieuce smites me. I have cer tainly not done much to make my cousin's life, more pleasant since I c.une to Soaflild Farm. I have been much longer here than I at first intended, my father havii.g gone for a trip to r~iolaiid with two of the boys, and having advised me to stay where I am till he conies back. I had been nothing averse to thisplan; though, if I had thought when I first cause to Senfield that my exile was to last for the whole of 7he summer, I should have been in despair. Alice was glad that 1 shotild slay, and Curll Giosson also seemed to wish it, for som < reason or teaseis of his own. For one thinu-Jaditi says she would not care to stay at the fat mi without me, and Curll Gresson is especially anxious to keep his cousin, though why I ena:sot imnagine, since he seldom or never adlress s her. So I have stayed on ; and f hope the governor is managing to amuse himself as well as I-am-that's all. I think he might have chosen a loss inaccessible place than Lapland for his summer tour, and taken me with him; but I am not sorry he let the boys influence him this time. I am not doomed to go back to Ireland an unappropriated 'spin ' after all ! But what will papa and the boys think of my grave. faced lover and where is the fortuno that wasto do so much for the boys-the shoot ing I promised Teddy, the cottage and annuity I promised old nurse, the horses I promised papa lie should have to ride when he came on a visit to us? Blit I canrot think out all these new ideas in comfort, so I pat them away altogether for the present, 'and nobody could guess that I had the least bit of a secret while we cross the sunny meadow, laughirg aad talk ing together like three children, Judith, MIr. Eden and T. `.Where is Ludlow ?' I ask, when we come to the stile leading into the larch grove. Somehow that stile always reminds me of him. 'lHe went out in the Saucy Kate yesterday and has not come in since,' Judith answers carelessly. ' I think he missed you, Eileen, for he was very rooss after you went away; I was glad when he took himself off.' ' It is nothing new for Ludlow to be cross,' I answer, with a shrug; ' but you would not find it so easy to persuade me that I had anything to do with it.' ' Girls never make a fellow lose his tem per P. qnot.o iMr. Eden pei tinently, But rdally, Eileen,' Judith gorseon, dis rdnai'di' i' him, ' I think Ludlow was quite put out when ite found you had flown.' Did Jie think I ought to have consulted him before I accepted the invitation ? ` Perhaps he did ; bat he did not say any thing to h1e on,the subject. I am only tell ing you wria` I suspect to have boon ilue case. I hope he will con icn this evening and find you back again all safe.. One would thiuksomebody had rnn away with you, he looked so sulky all 'Monday oven in.' Time was when all tliia would have been cakes arid ale to silly little Eileen Des mnonde, even taken, as most girlish confid ences may be taken, in conjunction with the proverbial grain of salt. lnt tow it neither pleases nor displeases mne, !nor indeed has any effect upon meat all. if rindlow Gres ison cares for me in the smallest degree, so much the worst for hiim. Why did lie give me nn-inklmng of fhe fact in all these weeks that I have boon in his company ? I have no belief in slow-growing sentiments stich as lie must cherish, if indeed lie cherishes any sentiments at all- with regard to ine. Once, for a few minutes, I did think lie was biginning to look at me with other than his former careless eyes, but it may have been only my own vein fancy Those long. lashed violet eyes do look so desperately e sentimental somietimes wuemi they mran nothing at all. As for Judith's nonsense, I don't quite credit it, trrusting rather to my own penetration than to hiers, though they do say that luookers-oti see most of the game. ]]at-I am sure she is only flattering me as a gsir will flatter her -friend, thinking to please me with her thoughtless banter. a How can she tell that my eyes have been I opened, since I saw her last, to the behold- E ing of so much better things than thoses that they seem to me but the red and blue pebbles it child might take out of a brook f compared to rubies and sapphires, or aº handful of butteroups to a cream-coloured 1 moss rose ? Kilmeny, to whom she com-. I pared me on tie day I left the farm, could 1 hardly look about the little smoky cottage, i when she pai.' her mother a visit after her 1 sojourn in fairyland, with more clearly com- I prehensive, half-pitiful, and half regretful eyes than I look at my old self in the light of the new great experience that has conme into my lire., 1 leave Judith and Mr. Eden to go back to their hay-making, and lake tiy way into' the house through the farm- yard to look for Alice. I find her it. her own room, sitting at the open window, a book on her knee, but hor eyes fixed on the faint sea-line just visible between the Scotch firs-the only glimpse of it to be soon from any window in the house. 'Dear Alice, why don't you come out and breathe the fresh air ? ' I exclaim, kneeling' clown beside her. 'Judith says she ttird to coax you out, but you wouldn't come. Do you mean to spend the whole lovely.summer up in this dark room ? ' ` Dear Eily, I like-it best. Why .should you drag me out when it gives me no pleis ure. I ale very well-indeed I am; I only want to be left in peace.' ` And yen don't want to see the wild-roses, or to smell the honeysuckle, or to feel the sunshine cn your face ?' 'No, E y,, because they only make me sad.' `Make you sad P Such beautiful things could never make you sad !' She shakes her head, looking down into my uptnr zcd face. ' Have you been very happy, Eily ? ' 'Yes,' I answer more quietly, my eyes sinking under hers. ' You like staying at Bramble Hall ?' ' Yes.' SCall you say nothing but" Yes," Eily P Shall I tell her my secret ? Sooner or liter I must tell it, but I 'eel that it must lose half its sweetness in the very tolling. 'I liked it very much, Alice, but did not care for Lady Cecil Pierrepont; and I don't think she (ared for moe.' ' Is Lrady Cecil Pierrepont at Bramble Hall, Eily ? , ' She is. Have you soon her, Alice ? 'No, but I have often heard of her. Is. site very handsome and very fascinating.: Eily P And does she'look young?' The question of a woman ! Rather sur prised, I answer-, " ` No, she doss not look young nor has she succeeded in fascinating me.' And you. like Mrs Liddol ?' ` I liked her at first, but I don't think she cares for mue.' ` Why, Eileen, you cannot have made yourself very agr-eable 1 By your own showing, you did not got on very well with either of the ladies at the Hall I' I am silent., scarcely listening to her, playing with the fringes of her shawl. Even on this June afternoon Alice wears a shawl. .' Eilecn you have something to tell me. What is it ?' She puts her finger under my chin, so lilting my face for more convenient scratiny t ant kneeling in the full light of the slant ing sunshine, she is in the shadow of the cu etain, so that I can scarcely see her face. ` Alice, do you knowi Mr Liddel ?' I ha question does not startle her-as why indeed shoild it ? [ I used to know him many years ago FEily. Why do you ask ?' 'because --' ' He loves you ! Is that it, Eileen ?' I love him, Alice- that is'more like it,' I blurt out, with more than the red of sunset dyeing my face. But that is net all, Eily ?'-" About " all at present, I think.' ' But- surely, if'he has said anything at all to you--' 1-He has asked me to do a great deal for him, but I don't remember that he said any thing as to what he would do for me,' I say, laughing a little bitterly; ' but I am quite content, 'or I love him more-than any one else in the wholeuworld.' My poor Ei~y !' ' Don't call me 'poor,' Alice. I` would rather have that from him than everything front any one else.' My cousin is silent, holding both my hands in hors, and looking out at the sunset. I am silent too, wondering at the boldness of. my own words. And is he happy, Eily 9' she rays at last still looking.out of thto window. 'I dott't ktnowv, Alice. I smuppose lte is he looked happy when I left him just now, doivain thte wood.' 'I tnm glad t6 bear it.' Wty do time words brinig to me a sense of repetition, having heard thenm somewhere Fefote, words and tiue almost identical'? Whlo spoke them to mc,. and whetn, and whmet-eP I cattuot recollect, and yet they snein a" 'fummihiar to me. 'Why are you glad Alice 9" li1ecanse L. Ital Itard atnotlter stotry, Eily that, is all.' Sin' leans hter htead back tugaittat thto -mi~mit~y ctialiotn of lier chair, and seems to have forgottett mu, Sie Ihas such a sorrow ful rtice, my poet- Alice-time look of a woman who clasips he her h'eatt some in visih[, tortutte. Hot- taco seenms to rae saddot titan ever thtis evenimig; its palettess almost ft-iglttous me ttow titat I come to look at it, 'atc tlteto ito d-eep shtadoivs, as ef intttnse ,t'c-ttal suf'et-ittg, ttndom htem- ye-.. ~~~~~~~~~' You~nentsyayhn oOrIaot . t us e, toa ate wkady Cu about kntow thtete is nothing settlod-3Mrg Liddel eivot does ttot know it yet, armless I. went sttnight itt tnd told bet-.' Wimat will site say wtett Ito does tell her Atnd wltat will Ltidy Cecil Piertrepottt say ? Otto little thn-ill of tritimphmdoes dart tht-ought toy ltcart<"whmen If thmittk of that htntghliy ltidy's' discomfitut-e. Routs JLiddel seems to Imuve time poiver to make womett eat-c mot-e for him than Ito cat-es for .them, or even fcigtms to catc. lIout I rthe tmunm is still so unfamiliar to mne, even in tuy thoughts, attd yet I a up pcmso 'I hutve pt-otmtised to be htis wife. I t im all so stratige, so uttlike my idea of such tliitgs, lthat I Imavo itot yet looked upon myself itt tito lightt of an engaged young -lady, or coolly contsido**ed time matter at all. 'lThore scr to me to he so manty ditlcul ties still in- time way. I. do not think his mother will over consent to receive me as n her daughter-in-law, and, till she does, I e shall never be Rous Liddel's wife. So I tell a Alice afterwards and sate agrees with me, t with a sudden blaze of her blue eyes; She s says that I am quite right, and that, unless I old Mrs Liddel comes for me to the farm, I ought never to darken the doors of Bram- I ble Hall again. She will do it in the end, s I supposo, since ¢he loves her son so. pass- q ionately, but it will go.very hard -with her. I feel for her more than my cousin does. If-I had been.quite willing to bend in every way to the Liddel pride, I do not think I Alice would have let me do it. Let old t lira Liddol order her carriage and drive t down to the farm to call upon me, and she will be satisfied, but without that ceremony she will not be satisfied. And I, knowing that Alice is right, hold to the speech I had I first made half in jest. I do not tell Judith anything. I have so very little to tell, and she would be sure to divulge my secret to Mr Eden the first r mosseut she got ute out of the parlour this very evening. I go to my own little room after I have spoken to Alice, and there dreamily arrange my hair and change my dress for tea, and put one of the damask roses in my fresh white gown, for the sake of the place where it grew. Standing be fore my little looking-glass, I can .- ee noth ing but the larch grove, but: I know the tufted woodland lies beyond it, where I have been wooed and so easily won. For a long time I stand there dt'eaming, watch ing the red glow dio off the top of the larches, and Judith conies to tell me tea is ready. It is long past seven o'clock, but Curll has not yet came in. I think ho drove to Caurton in the dog-cart after dinner, but Alice does rot seem to expect him home till after dusk. We have tea in the parlour in the sober evening light, with the windows open. I sit at the tit-table, Alice in one window, where I have put the sofa, Judith and Mr Eden in the other, with their heads very close together. To me they seem like a pair of foolish children. It is after nine o'clock before we have t. finished tea.. I have a book beside me, and sip my tea leisurely. As for the lovers they are so engrossed with each other that all t times are the same to them. -1 forget to t scorn or envy them, thinking, of tmy own lover, and how his face had changed in the ight of that one smile. How he must have looked at that woman, whom he loved so long ago with such an absorbing passion l s. E~ad she treated him badly, or had she died? What was her name, and )was she beautiful, or only beautiful to him ? I torment myself a good deal with these questions. Perhaps she is ati old married woman by this time, with a or so many children, and grown fst. If be will only love me a little, shall I not be fortunate enough ? While I muse Mr Elen wishes us good night. Caull Gresson drives up its the dog cart and says to Mr Eden, "Stop and have a glass of grog with mod ' Couldn't to-night, ' Mr Eden says, laugh ing. 'I have just time to walk round the Nose.' ` But you're not on duty to-night ? ' Yes, I am. I have to walk round and meet the man corning from the Bend at 12 o'clock, or at all events I am supposed to do it. Awful bore, isn't it, Miss Flaming ?' Judith is very pitiful; as for ee I am not thinking of any of them, but -of the dewy fragrance of the summer night, and the ceaseless ' Crake, crake, crake' of the corn crakes in the meadow. When Mr Eden takes himself away-re- luctantly- Judith and I go back to the parlor. I suppose Alice is getting supbetr for her husband. 'I think I'll go to bed,'says Judith yawn. I ing. ' Haymaking is tiring wvork. I've t scarcely been able to keep my eyes open all. the evening.' I think she's managed to keep them open very, well, and otherwise to make very good 1 use of them, but she is went to collapse the minute Mr Eden goes. r ' And let's get up ehirly in the' morning, \- and go out to turn the hay,' I suggest. ' I have never made hay in my life, and I have not been out before seven this summer.' B ' All right,' said Judith. 'AAnd if. you take my advice you'll go to bed, too. You .are as pale as a ghost. I don't think Bram ble air agreed with you.' It agreed with me very well, thanks.' . 'You haven't told me any of -your adven a tures, Eileen. Has the fairy-prince made 1 his appearance in the enchanted eastle yet?' 'The giant has turned into. the fairy prince,' I answer, laughing. 'Go to bed, or there'll be no getting you up iii the morn. ing. Judith deiparts, tolling me -to wish Alfoe good-night for hiet' I go over -to shut the 'windows. Whsle I leek out' at the sky, \- magnificrnt with stat's,' resting my hands Son the window-sill, and liummning-- s ' The dew lies ic the wool, D tttglas, \- -The wind blaws on the lea ; ,j An' when I aes to the Ltd let bewer It wrill as be wi' thee! Cui'll Gresson comes out of the kitchen, -through thue hall, ansd walks out, pausing for ra minute to light htis pipe. I shut the windosi and tutu ont the lamp ro and leave the parlor just as Alice comes out a of the k'itchen. ' Are you goitng to bed P sha asks. '. The light of thte cantdle she ;holds in -her \-- hand shines full ins her' fce. It looks very. i' haggard. t *' Yes Good night, Alice.> And you ,, ought to go to bed, too; you look awfully a white attd tired.' ' I shall go to bed presently, dear. You 6.catn take this candle. Good night.' .I mount the stairs to my r'oom medita I tively. I am not sleepy to-night. I would 6much ratlter htave a geed ~long chat with Alice than go to bed, hut I refs'ain, knowing howv weary he11 is. I Wvish I haRd asB e my r cousin imore about Mi' Liddal. She maiy be able to tell me a great deal ubout him Shie I may even know something of that old love F affair w .icht I conclude to have been the bane of his life. 3 I heat' some one moving dowtt-staii's: - 1 declare she liss not gone to bed yet. I open tny door softly, and look down over the r balusters. I distinctly see my.oousln take u4 -shawl and wrap it round liar head, then go e ont, closing the door.after hei', hutb n't shut. Is tiog it. I am so muchl surprised thitt 1neither act nor thititk for teni seconds. Then I slip down *the stairs and into the kitchen, atid stand \- there its doubt as to whether I ought to fol e low hser or not. -Whither can she be going at such an hour as this ? It is long aftor cloven, and I thought she was always in bed and asleep as soon as we were ourselves. I thought she had given up nocturnal rambles since the night she got the flight and came in so out of breath. Stories of i ghouls and weir-wolves come into my bend, but I am not such a fool as to set down my cousin's midnight outings to any such ghastly proclivities. Neither do I accuse her, as I might perhaps have accused another, of going out to meet a lover. 'Is she quite horsolf P ' I wonder with a shiver,-S reverting to my old suspicion. It looks like; the freak ofa mad- woman, this stgaling out of the house when sho thinks nobody. is wiatching'her. Poor Alice I I wonder what will become of her if her husband finds her out and takes it into his head that she is a lunatic. While I stand just inside the kitchen door wondering, and shivering in my night-gown and stockingless feet, I hear a sound. of someone running; the front door is pushed open and then closed again, and Alice runs up the stairs, the shawl still over her head. She does not make any noise; but never stops for a.s instant till she is in her own room and has shut the door. I follow her upstairs, and am only jest in time, for, before I close my door, I hear Ournl come in. There is some one else with him, though I hear only:. QurlPs voice, sul lenly swearing, while he bolts the front door. After this all is quiet, except that I hear an occasional poke of the fire and murmur oF talking in the kitchen till I fall asleep. .y I room is directly over the kitchen, and the tobacco-smoke comes up through the loose boards; but fortunately it does not make' my head ache. I suppose Ludlow game in with Curdl. I have never known any one else spend a uigh't at the farm. But I scarcely think of him in puzzling over other things. Bow shall I keep Alice from taking nocturnal rambles, and how shall I find out all about Rouns Liddel's old love ? - 