JANET AN9 THE DEVIL Tim Iiev. Murdoch Soulis was long minis ter of the moorland parish of Balweary in the Yale of Dole. A severe, bleak-faced old man. dreadful to his hearers, he dwelt in tho last years of his life without relative, or ser vant, or any human company, in the small and lonely manse under the Hanging Shaw. In spite of the iron composure of his features, his eye was wild, scared, and uncertain: and when he dwelt, in private admonitions, on the future of the impenitent, it seemed as if his eye pierced through the storms of time to the terrors of eternity. The manse itself, where it stood by the water of Hule, among some thick trees, with tho Shaw overhanging it on one side, and on the other many cold, moorland hill-tops rising toward the sky, had begun at a very early period of Mr. Soulis's ministry to be avoided in the dusk hours by all who prided themselves upon their prudence; and gudemen sitting at the ale-house shook their heads together at the thought of passing late by that dreary neighbourhood. There was one spot, to bo more particular, which was regarded with es pecial awe. The manso stood between the high road and tho water of Dulo. The house was two stories high, with two large rooms on each. It opened not directly on tho garden, but on acause-wayed path, or passage, giving on the road on one hand, and closed on tho other by the tall willows and elders that bordered on the stream. And it was this strip of causeway that enjoyed among the young parishioners of Balweary so infamous a reputation. The minister walked there often after dark, sometimes groaning aloud in the intensity of his unspoken prayers ; and when he was from home, and the manse door was locked, the more daring schoolboys ven tured, with beating hearts, to “ follow my leader ” across that legendary spot. Many, even of the people of the parish, were ignorant of the cause of the minister’s strange looks and solitary life. Fifty years before, when Mr. Soulis came first into Bul wcary.he was still a young man, full of book learning and grand at expounding it, but, as was natural in so young a man. with no ex perience as a pastor. The younger sort, were greatly taken with his gifts and his talk; but old, concerned, serious men and and women were moved even to prayer for the young rnan whom they took to be a self-deceiver, and the parish that was like to bo so ill supplied. There was no doubt, anyway, but that Mr. .Soulis had been a long time at col lego. He was careful and troubled for many things beside tho one thing needful. He had a great number of books with him—more than had ever been seen before in all that presbytery; and hard work the carrier had with them, for they were all like to havo stopped behind in the Deil’s Hag, between Balweary and Kihnarkorlie. He desired to get an old, decent woman to keep the manse for him, and see to his dinners; and he was recommended to an old crone—Janet M'Clour. they called her. There were many advised him to the contrary, for Janet was more than suspected by the best folk in Bal weary. Long before that she had had a child to a dragoon; she had not come to com munion for maybe thirty years; and boys had seen her mumbling to herself up on Key’s Loan in the gloaming, which was an unusual time and place for a God-fearing woman. However, it was tho laird himself that had first told the minister of Janet; and in those days he would have gone a great way to please the laird. When folks told him that Janet was sold to the devil, it was all superstition, he said. Whon it got about the village that. Jaoot M’Clour. was to be serraat at the manse, the folks were fairly mad with both him and hor; and somo of the women had nothing better to do than get round her door-step and charge her with all that was known against her,from the soldier’s child to John Tamson's two cows. Up she got, and there was not an old story in Balweary but she made somebody smart for it that day; they couldn’t- say oue thing, hut she could say two to it, till, at last, the gudewives caught hold of her and clawed tho clothes off her back, and pulled her down the road to the water of tho Dule, to see if she were a witch, and would sink or swim. The hag shrieked till you could hear her at the Hang ing Shaw, and she fought hard. There was many a gudewife bore the mark of liar next day and many a long day after; and just in the hottest of the hubbub, who should come up but the new minister. “ Women,” said ho (and ho had a grand voice), “ I charge you in tho Lord’s name to let her go." Janet ran to him—she was fairly wild with terror—and clung to him, and prayed him, for Christ’s sako, to save her from her tor mentors ; and they, for their part, told him all that was known, and maybe more. “Woman," says he to Janet, “is this true ?" “ As the Lord sees me,” says she, •* as tho Lord made me, not a word of it. Saving the child," says she, “ I’ve been a decent woman all my days.” “ Will you,” says Mr. Soulis, “ in the name of God, and beforo mo, his unworthy minister, renounce the devil and his works ?” Well, it would appear that when he asked that, she gave a groan that fairly frightened those who saw her, and they could hear her teeth grind together in her jaws ; but there was nothing for it but the one way or tho other ; and Janet lifted up her hand, and re nounced the devil before them all. “ And now,” said Mr. Soulis to the good women, “ home with you, one and all, and pray to God for his forgiveness." And he gave Janet his arm, though she had little on her but a shift, and took her up the road to her own door like a lady of the land ; and her screeching and laagliing was a scan dal to be heard. There were many solemn-faced people long over their prayers that night ; but when the morning came there was such fear fell upon all Balweary that the children hid them selves, and even the men folk stood and peeped from their doors. For there was Janet coming down the road—she or her likeness, none could tell—with her peck disjointed, and her head on ono side like a body that had been hanged, and a look on her face like an unburied corpse. By and by they got used to it, and oven looked at her to see what was wrong; but from that day forth she could not speak like a Chris tian woman, but stuttered and stammered, and the name of God never came on her lips. Sometimes she tried to say it, but it might not bo. Those that knew her best said least; but they never gave that Thing the name of Janet M’Clour, for old Janet, they thought, was in the deepest hell by this timo. But the minister was neither to hold nor to bind; he preached about nothing but' the cruelty of the people that had given her a stroke of the palsy; he punished the children that tor mented her, and he had her up to tho manse that same night, and dwelt there all alone with her under tho Hanging Shaw. About the end of June there came a spell of weather, the like of which was never known before; it was close, and hot, and breathless; and yet it was gusty, too, with gusts of wind that whistled through the glens, and hits of showers that moistened nothing. Mr. Soulis could neither cat nor sleep, and when he was not writing at his weary book ho would he roaming oyer the country-Bide liko a man possessed, when everybody else was glad to keep cool within tho house. Above the' Hanging Shaw, in the bend of the Black Hill, there is a bit of inclosed ground with an iron gate, at one time the churchyard of Balweary, and consecrated by the papists before the blessed ligbt shone upon tho kingdom. It was a great resort of Mr. Soulis's; there ho would ait and con sider his sermons. Well, as lie came ovor the west end of Black Hill one day, he saw first two, then four, and then seven black crows Hying around and around above the old churchyard. They Hew low and heavy, and squawked to one another. He was not easily startled, and weut straight u{) to the walls; and what did he see hut a man, sit ting in the inside upon a grave. He was of great stature, and black as hell, and his eyes were singular to see. Mr. Soulis had : heard of black men many times; but there 1 was something forbidding about this black , man that caused him to start. But up he spoke, for all of that, and said: *’ i\Iy friend arc you a stranger in this place ? * The black man answered not a word; lie got upon his feet, and began to walk to the wall on the far side; but he still looked at the minister, and the minister stood arid looked back, till suddenly the black man was over tie wall aud running for the shade of the trees. Mr. Soulis, he hardly know why, ran after him, but he was wearied with his walk, and the hot, unwholesome weather; and run as he would he got no more than a glimpse of the black man among the trees, till lie got down to the foot of the hillside, and there he saw him once more, going hop-step-and-jump over Dulo water to tire manse. Mr. Soulis was not pleased that this ill looking creature should make so free with Bahveary manse, and lie ran the harder, but no black man was there to be seen. He stepped out upon the road, but there was no 'body there ; he went all over the garden, but saw no black man. At last, and it is feared a little timidly, as was but natural, he lifted the hasp and went into the manse, and there was Janet M'Clour before his eyes, with her broken neck, and none too pleased to see him. And he then remembered that when first ho set his eyes upon her he felt the same cold and deadly shiver. “ Janet,” said lie, “ have you seen a black *“ A black man !" quoth she. Save us all ! You arc not in your right mind, ininis ter. There is no black man in all Bal Bui, she did not speak plain, you must understand, but champed like a pony with j the bit in its mouth. ! “ Well, Janet,” said lie, “ if there is no black man, I have spoken witli the Evil 1 One.” And he sat down like one with a fever, and j his teeth chattered in his head. “Pshaw!” said bIio; “ thiuk shame to : yourself, minister!” And she gave him some brandy, which she always kept by her. I Soon Mr. Soulis went into his study among his books. Down lie sat, and thought of all ; that had come and gone since he was in Bal- i weary. The more he thought, the more he ; thought of the black man. He tried to pray, j but tile words would not come to him; and he j tried, they say, to write at his book, but he could not do anything at that. There were times that he thought the black man was at his side, aud the perspiration stood on him cold as well water; and there were other times when he came to himself like a Christian child and minded nothing. The upshot was that lie went to the window, and stood look ing over Hulc water. The trees are rather thick, and the water lies deep and black uuder the manse ; and there was Janet wash ing the clothes, with her skirts gathered about her waist. She had her back to the minister, and lie, for his part, hardly knew what he was looking at. Suddenly siie turned around and showed her face. Mr. Soulis felt the same cold shiver as twice before on that day, and it reminded him of what people said, that Janet had died long since, and this was a demon in her clay-cold flesh. He drew back a little and scanned her narrowly. She was washing the clothes, singing to herself ; and. oh, God guide us, bnt it was a frightful face ! . Then she sang louder, but there was no man born of woman that could tell the words of her song. And at times she looked side-long down, but there was nothing there for lier to look at. There went a shudder through the flesh upon his boues, and that was heaven’s warning. Bur Mr. Soulis just blamed himself, he said, to think so ill of a poor, old, afflicted creature who had not a friend but himself. And he offered up a prayer for himself and her, and drank a little water—for his heart rose against the meat— and went up to his bed in the gloaming. • That was a night that has never been for gotten in Balweary, the night of the seven teenth of August, 1712. It had been hot before, as I have said, but that night it was hotter than ever. The sun went down among uncouth-looking clouds ; not * star nor a breath of wind. You could not see your hand before your face, and even the , old folk cast the covers from their beds aud 1 lay panting for their breath. With all that ho had upon his mind, Mr, Soulis was troubled; the good, cool bed that he got into scorched his very bones; he slept and wak ened; he heard tho time of night, and a dog howling up the moor, as if somebody was dead; he thought he heard devils shouting in his ears, and saw ghosts in the room. He must, ho thought, be sick, and sick he was— little he understood the sickness. At last his mind got clearer, and he sat up on the bedside, and fell to thinking once more of-.the black man aud Janet. He could not w.ell tell how—maybe it was the cold to his feet—but it came in upon him. like a flash, that there was some connection be tween the two, and that cither or both of j them were demons. And just at that moment I in Janet’s room, which was next to his, there ; came a scuffle of feet, as if meu were wrestl- j iug, and then a loud bang; then a wind went rustling around the four quarters of the house, and then all was once more as silent as the grave. Mr. Soulis was afraid of neither man nor 1 devil. He got his tinder-box and lit a caudle, aud made three steps towards Janet's door, i It was standing ajar, and he pushed it open, and walked boldy in. It was a big room, as , big as the minister’s, and filled with grand, old, solid furniture, for he had nothing else. . There was a four-post bed with old tapestry, and a broad cabinet of oak, put there to be j out of tho wav, and a few clothes of Janet’s 1 lying here and there about the floor. But no Janet could Mr. Soulis see, nor any sign of contention. In ho went (and there's few that would have followed him), and looked around and listened. But there was nothing to be hoard, neither inside the manse nor in all Balweary parish, and nothing to be seen but the little shadows turning round the candle. And then all at once the minister's heart fluttered and stood stock-still, and a cold wind blow among the hairs of his head. What a weary sight was that for the poor man’s eye! For there was Janet, hanging from a nail beside tho old oak cabinet; her head lay on her shoulder, her eves wero bloody,the tongue projected from her mouth, and her heels were three feet clear above the “ God forgive us all!” thought Mr. Soulis; “ poor Janet’s dead.” He came a step nearer to tho corpse, and then his heart fairly leaped in his breast. For, by what magic it would ill-bescem a man to judge, she was hanging from a single nail, and by a single worsted thread for darning hose. It is an awful thing to be alone at night with such a prodigy of darkness, but Mr. Soulis was strong in the Lord. He turned and went his way out of that room, and locked the door behind him, and went, step by stop, down the stairs, heavy as lead, and set down the candle on the table at the stair-foot. He could not pray; he could not think; he was dripping with cold sweat, and nothing could he hear but tho thumping of his own heart. He may have stood tlu-rs an hour, or maybe two, ho minded so little, when all of a sudden he heard a low, un usual rustle up stairB, and a foot went to and fro in the chamber where tho corpse was hanging. Next the door was opened—though he had minded well that he had locked it— and then there was a step upon the landing, and it seemed to him as if the corpse was looking over the rail and down upon him where ho stp.od. He took up the candle again, and, as quickly as he could, went straight out of the manse and to the far end of the cause way, It was still pitch dark; the flame of the candle, when he set it on the ground, burned steady and clear as in a rooni;nothing moved but the JDule water, seeping and sob bing down the glen, and the unholy footstep that came toiling down the stairs inside the manse. He knew the footstep well, for it was Janet's; and at each step, which came a littlp nearer,the cold got deeper in his vitals. He commended his soul to Him that made and kept him ; “ and, oh, Lord,” said he, “ give me strength this night to war agaiust the powers of evil.” By this time the foot was coming through the passage for the door. He could hear a hand feeling along the wall, as if the fear ful thing was feeling its way. The branches tossed and moaned together; a long sigh came over the hills; tho flame of the candle was. blown about ; and thete stood the corpse of Thrawn Janet, with her gingham gown and her black shawl, with tho head still upon the shoulder, and the frown still upon the face of it-living, you would have said; dead, as Mr. Soulis well know—upon tho threshold of tho manse. She did not Btund there long. She began to move again, and cam^jok^y^lbwarcl iMr^’ Sonlis where he stood irfid&y;’thc ,trees. All the life of liis body ancEthoj spirit were starting from his.eyc.4j“*lt‘s£em(j(J she was going to Sgenk,'but wanted" words, ami made assign \yith ::‘thc-. left hand. There came a gu$t of frfridyslike‘ a cat’s-paw; out went the candle,' the treb tops moaned like human beings, and Mr. Souiis knew that, live or die. this was the end of it. “Witch, beldame, devil!” he cried, “I charge you by the power of God, begone! If you be dead, to the grave; if you be damned. And at that moment the Lord’s own hand, out of the hoavens, struck the horror where it stood. The old, dead, desecrated corpse of the witch-wife, so long kept from the grave and hustled around by devils, flashed up like flaming brimstone, and fell in ashes to the ground. The thunder came, peal cn peal, followed by the pouring rain, and Mr. Sonlis leaped through the garden hedge and ran, with leap upon leap, for the village. That same morning John Christie saw the black man pass the Muckle Cairn as it was striking six. Before eight lie went by the inn at Knockdown; and not long after Sandy McLcllnn saw him go slinking down the road from Kilmkerlie. There’s little doubt hut it was him that dwelled so long in Janet’s body. But lie was caught at last, and since then the devil has never troubled Bahveary. But it was a sore dispensation for the minister. Long, long he lay raving in his bed, and from that hour to this lie was a cnangeu man.— • xne argonaut. 