Procession at St. Brigid's. SERMON BY THE VERY 1 . REV. FATHER RYAN, O.M.I. On Sunday afternoon at 4 o'clock a procession in honour of our Blessed Lady, and the first of a series to be held during the month of May, took place at St. Brigid's, a large con- gregation being present. The altar of the school church had been beauti fully adorned by the Sisters of Mercy for the occasion, and behind it on the wall had been placed a hanging of blue bearing in raised white letters the legend " Welcome Month of Mary." His Lordship the Bishop officiated, attended by the Right Rev. Monsignor Bourke, V.G., and the Rev., Father Ryan of Geraldton. The sermon was preached' by the very Rev. Father Ryan, O.M.I. The Benediction hymns and. others sung in the church were accompanied by the organ, assisted by the violin played by Mr. Scanlan. The Vicar General in announcing the order of the procession, exhorted the people when they joined in it to lift their hearts on high and ask the intercession of the Blessed Virgin. The order was as follows : an acolyte bearing the cross ; the members of the society of the Children of Mary, four of them; at the head carrying a statue of our Lady with the Divine Infant. The statue was borne in a shrine very prettily constructed, four pillars covered with puffed ..white silk supporting a dome-shaped canopy of silver tissue. At the feet of the statue, which was also snow-white, .white flowers were strewn. The sym bolism was that of spotless purity and was deeply impressive. The mem bers of the sodality wore scarfs of blue and the aspirants scarfs of green ; all, like all the girls who walked in the procession, being attired in white. The banners carried were those of the Blessed Virgin and St. Patrick. Next came the children (girls) of the Divine Infancy, wearing pink scarfs, and carrying the banners of the In fant Jesus and St. Joseph ; then the boys of St. John Berchman's Boys' Brigade,. each wearing a purple badge with the name of the brigade in gold, letters, the banners borne being those of the Saint and of the.Sacred Heart. Members of the religious community" walked in the intervals between the various divisions. The adults of the congregation followed, and thfen came the Bishop in cope and mitre, at tended by the Vicar General and Father Ryan. The procession passed out of the principal door of the church into the street and round into the grounds of the convent, re-entering the church by a side door. The Litany of the Blessed Virgin had been sung as the procession was leav ing the church, and hymns appro priate to the ceremony followed. The devotion was carried out with great solemnity and the effect was most touching. The numbers taking part in the procession were very large, and a numerous crowd of spectators had assembled in the street. When the congregation had resumed their places the sermon was preached. The very rev. preacher took for his text the words of our Blessed -Lord "Going therefore teach ye all nations : baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Teaching thein to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and behold I am with you all days even to the con summation of the vorld." He who spoke these words had ' the infinite power of God to command, and the infinite knowledge of -God within himself. Therefore Christ the Lord, with the infinite power of God and all the infinite knowledge divinely incor porated in him, commanded poor, men, ignorant and weak as they were, to go forth to the ends of the earth and preach his words. Christ told them He was with them even to the end of the world. Those to whom He spoke these words, weak though they were b'y nature, went forth at Christ's, com mand and began the work of the con- version of the world. Our Divine Lord came into the world and dwelt here for a few years. By his presence he brought to men the knowledge of God, and divine charity, and the for giveness of sins, and the consolation of sorrow. Christ told them he would be with them always. There fore we might expect that as our Divine Lord came upon earth and wrought good for men, so he would remain upon the earth for ever to accomplish _ the same -work. The Church of God was founded by Christ and set up by his Divine hand, and established by his Divine power and his infinite authority, and did for all men for all time what Christ had done for some men whilst he was upon the earth! The com ing of Christ was no passing event. He did not- come and then leave for ever, as men come and go, but he remained for ever, bringing the same gifts and graces as he bestowed while here below. The words of our Divine Lord when he declared that he would remain on earth for ever, contained the truth of God. They were no mere poetical expres sion, but the words of a master who came to teach men. While our Divine Lord was upon the earth he accomplished certain things, and, by means of his Church he wished that this work should be continued for ever. The first miracle that our Divine Lord performed was that at Cana of 'Galilee. There, to satisfy the desire of his holy mother, Mary, he worked his first public miracle- Christ was present at the marriage feast, to show how much he re spected the holy state of matrimony, and how he cherished it. By means of it souls are brought into the world, and sanctified on earth for the joys of heaven. Our Divine Lord in leaving the world wished to be present at the marriage feast, so that every Christian marriage feast might be attended ' by the came miracle, and accompanied by the same mercy and crowned by the same might. The same mercy and- blessing he is willing to bestow wherever the Christian marriage is celebrated. Our Div ine Lord while upon earth sub mitted to the baptism of St. John. He commanded his Apostles to baptize all nations, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. When baptism is given the voice of God is heard in the words of the priest, and in the waters of baptism his power and might are wrought, for Christ abides with his Church for ever. Our Divine Lord when he was upon the earth went about seeking for the lost ones; he went about looking, for sinners who had wandered far away from their country.. He sought for those who had offended God, and separated themselves from their Heavenly Father. He came to seek and to save. We are told again and again of our Divine Lord's mercy to the abandoned sinner. When he met them he was touched with pity towards them, and pro nounced the words of absolution — "Go in peace, thy sins are for given thee." " This day shalt thou be with me in paradise." "Neither do I accuse thee ; go and sin no more." In meeting the sinner our Divine Lord's heart was touched with pity. He gave back the grace that had been lost : he bestowed the peace that had not been known, so that the sinners, became once more the children of God, the brethren of Christ, and the heirs of the Kingdom of Heaven. As our Divine Lord, when he niet . sinners on earth, had compassion on them and forgave them, so did he wish his Church to continue the work. As our Divine Lord forgave sinners, so he. desired men to continue the work of mercy, to bring back souls to God, and restore them to peace. Therefore, he said, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost ; whosesoever sins ye forgive they are forgiven". As Mary Mag dalen knelt at our Divine Lord's feet and heard the words of absolu tion, so now, and so ever since Christ gave the power, when ' the poor .1 ... sinner kneels at the feet of God's priest and is truly penitent, and the words of absolution are said, he rises pardoned and in peace. Our Divine Lord promised that he would send the Holy Ghost upon the Apostles. The Apostles and their successors, the bishops of holy Church, received the Holy Ghost. That gift of Christ is - not a passing gift, but remains to this day, and in holy Church, is received the power of the Spirit, coming down upon her. Our Divine Lord, when he was upon earth, gave men proof of his infinite love by giving them his own body and blood. He gave this gift to his holy Apostles, and he wished it to be given by them to others. " What I have received," says St. Paul, " I have given to others." Hence his infinite power remains. Every where the priest stands at the altar and says the words of consecration, directly the words are pronounced the substance of the bread and wine disappears and Christ is present on the altar. Our Divine Lord conse crated bishops for the Church, and so the power of consecrating and ordaining bishops and priests re mains until the end. Christ our Divine Lord spoke the truths of God. Every word of God contains the truth of God, and is a revela tion of the Divine mind. So he wished that every word of his should be treasured up and repeated. Each word of God is food for the soul. Our Divine. Lord promised to the Apostles that he would remind them of what he had said, that he would send the Holy Ghost to recall it. When Christ sent the Apostles he said — " Go and teach all nations ; and lo ! I am with you all days even unto the end of .the world." There fore, since Christ wishes every word of his preserved and repeated until the end — " No word of mine," he says, "shall pass away" — so our Divine Lord, speaking to the Church, says, " He that heareth you heareth me, and he that riespiseth you despiseth me." In the Church of God and Christ abideth the word. The Church is a continuation of the incarnation. Our Divine Lord is continually' present with her. She is Christ on earth. The Church shows her power. She is no weak ling, but is full of the strength of the Most High. She has faced many enemies, and seen many nations and the downfall of many of them ; But she is as strong and as mighty to-day as when Christ sent her forth conquering and to conquer. We should love the Church, and be thankful that, without any reason except the mercy of God, we are her children. We should all love the Church and do our best to pro mote her greatness, and by leading good and holy lives teach those who are outside the pale how good she is. We should allow Christ to be in our hearts as the master of our hearts and lives, so that he may be ours in life and ours in death and in eternity. . The ceremonies terminated with Benediction of the Most Holy Sacrament, which was given by his Lordship the Bishop. 