THE GARDEN COURT MURDER (Ax.1, Rights Reserved.) . ~ Bx BURFORD DELANNOY. '.-?' CHAPTER I. TWELVE ? OF THE CLOCK AT ? NIGHT. The champagne liad not a bubble left in it. The glass stood on the table, but the life had departed from the eontrats thereof, ft waa_the fourth elasH Jenkins had poured out for him, but the Hon. Hubert Haddon had not tasted onu of ?' them. When Jenkins left the room, to bring in another of the courses his mas ter was playing with, but did not eat, tbe ohampagno had been poured -into the coal vaae, and a tiny little pool was Forming on the scuttle mat, whert) the ' ivino liad filtered through the coals;' .-?Hubert was 'not drinking. He. was \- 'ttnsious for possession of. a clear brain ' -jnd a steady,tjhand. Hja soul was in travail— he hid work to do. Heibadno ..intention of drowning his sorrow in tlie flowing bowl:.. Moreover, a steady, hand ' was essential'.to him in the work lib con templated — ahead. Internally h.e, was raging, but he had ;senB9'\enough to know*tliat wine is a Mocker.-' Jenkins— good servant as he was — in no way commented on the untasted din ner. He aaw his master waa out of sorts,:, and filled up the wine glass whenever hev saw it' empty— which was each time lie ! brought in a course. of dinner. In the . circle in whioh Jenkins had risen fronr. Buttons to be Hubert's own -man,, champagne was considered a pana?. cea for all the ills that flesh I is' heir to. Jenkins administered the. ' r4medy— or thought he did. He wa£ surprised at the failure of it. All day his master has been .distrait Jenkins had.not failed to notice it— ever' Since the delivery of the mofning mai)^ Hubert, usually opened his first post'' letters in bed, and he had not departed from his custom this morning. But for once the eftect had been singular. From that time the change had come abont. Jenkins had never known light-hearted, ; flippant Hubert so silent, at a dressing ? 1 elore. The breakfast was taken away untasted. He sat in his arm-chair by the fireside for hours, not even smoking. Towards the afternoon he had gone out to purchase something, and returned to resume his seat by the fireside and think / — think deeply. An unusual thing with ? him,' for the Hon. Hubert Haddon was known' as ' a ' chappie.' ?' Chappies ' bear the reputation of never thinking. On this occasion Hubert proved the ex-, caption to tlie rule. The dinner finished, the seat by the fireside was resumed. Hubert's mental vision embraced but tliree things.. 'His mitid' was in such a condition iH&t; it contemplated; nothing buts-the:5m6xitel clock, the -letter in his .vest;&ock4t;?3nid the other thing in. his coat, iAnd%ven 'bo he sat watching— watehing'tillfboth; hands*,' should approach the: topmost figjire-on the clock's face— till' it. should' be; midnight. . For he had . business Tito; «? . transact., with a' man he knew, and he' .knew where to 'flnd hid nian after that liouri. ; ? \- rootW-. JonlcinS'.'sat— T^hink* ing, too. Thinking whetherKis'njastljr^B marriage would make much difference to him in his situation — for the Hon.. Hubert Haddon was to be married on the morrow. Jenkins had had but little experience with prospective ? bride*' grooms, but he though t his master's be haviour on the eve of his nuptials singu lar, to say the least of it. ' v _ r Not that Jenkins approved the'mar- riage any more than did the Haddon family. He knew of other simiiar mar . riages— and the result of them.The usual Stage and the Peerage does not^usually make a choice blend. Its union is not ' of strength, and is usually severed, sooner 01 later, in the Divorce Court. WhilBt Jenkins was thinking, the bell rang. . , . : '-. The Hon. Hubert Haddon was living in a flat, therefore it did not. take Jen kins long to answer the summons. When he did so, it was to find that his master hud token ofl his coat and was yawning in front of the Are. ? . ' I'll go to bed, Jenkins.' The man rendered the usual assis tance. A good-night was exchanged, and Jenkins retired to hiB own room. As his foototeps died away his, master leapt out of bed, and pressed the electric light button. Then he silently com menced to dress — with his eye ever on the dock. A top coat and soft felt hat, added to the clothing he had been wear ing, completed his outfit. When he had buttoned the outer'jgar ment across his chest-there was a bfllge Over the region of his heart. Heihad . sometliing bulky , in his breast podket. He lifted the lappels o.f his coat andjfelt ' in his vest, there was somethihg'there, too— a letter. A glance at the c|oO'k, a pressure on the button, and the room- was ouce more in darkness. The dottr'was ^ quietly opened, and ; he stood' jiti, its ? frame — listening. Not a sound Jdis turbed the flat. All was quiet,- J. He closed' the door behind him, and' went silently down the 'stqirs. , Opening the hall door, he fitted his latch-key in the lock on the outside drew tlie door to u.'ter him, and let loose tlie catch. jHe . drew a. breath of relief at the snccesRot his noiseless exit, and -' ran -ilojvn tliej ? step3 to commence' his journsyiC As he ' .did so. a; neighbouring church [clock -chronicled the ending of ranotheij ittiy.; The hour he -had waited forbad sarf ivSd. i t iv'as midnight. ' ..: ?, *c -»?' CHAPTER II. ' ' * THE LOADED PISTOL. Two minutes' walk and Hubert had rt_ehed the main 'road. He hailed a ; hansom, and was driven to Ludgate Hill ?Station.- Trains leave there' afterTmid night, but he did not travel by one; V Ho; entered the station by one door and left it by another, ; He had no wish 'for his : journey to be traced— his preaent'prO ceedings would foul any scent. Crossing New. Bridge-street he walked on and ; ; turned . down, the Embankment -and still walked tall he reached the railing's of the Temple Gardens* Here he paused. , , There was no moon and in the darkhess ?? ,. there did not appear to be a poul in \- ' Sight.: '. It was a somewhatdlfEctjltbutiPotiim possible task to climb those ruiliqgsf Ja | atew minutes he was on the other side, panting a little from the -exertion, but still there. 'His old University athletic training stpod him in good stead. And lieihad to climb them again — to break out of tlio t garden in fact — into the Temple. For the: man he was wanting tqi Bee had Vooms in Garden Court. ?Ho might have rung np the night porter at the lodfje and gained admit tance that way, but he had a reason for effecting an unperceived entrance— the Same reason which had prompted him to destroy his trail-atLudgate Hill Station, 'j. The Temple is singularly quiet in the Small ' hours. As Hubert strode across tile gardens, he ' saw his beacon. There was a light in the first floor window of a house: in' Garden Court. The chambers of Clifford Grey. . Ba'p-ister-at-law was the profession followed by Mr. Grey. And followed in somqwhat .eccentric fashion. When, others were in the land of Nod, he worked. ? Did tlie work he should have done. in the evening. He said he found it quieter and more pleasant then. Those who kneiv him gave otherreaaons. Those which: concerned women and wine and cards. ~ But Mr. Grey was not a foil.;-He knew that the reputation he was gaining for smartness in the law courts, would soon decay if h'e neglected his business too much- SoV: hia inflexible rule waa to break oft at midnight and retire to hia Clia'mbers.-nThat was liow lie had the nickname 'f Cinderella ' applied to him .—colloquially ' Cinders.' He alwayB .fled at the approach of midnight, ?s Cinders was somewhat surprised to ?hear a rapping at his outer door. Sur prised— not' alarmed. ' Someone had 'come after liim perhaps from the Club— ?something lie had left behind possibly. Everyone knew he could be found in chambers in the small hours. It Was a standing joke. So. he got-' up from the . work he was engaged on— the perusal of a brief — and opened his outer door. A man stood oii the threshold. Hullo, 'Hubert 1 What the Dickens brings yod here at this ungodly hour Y I thou'glit you went .in for beauty sleep and all that sort of thing ! Come in old chap.V ^ ' :-The Hon;' Hubert entered, and the BUter door was closed. ' '? What's the matter ? You look as pale as if you ? had seen a ghost. Sit down.' They sat— faoing each other, with the table between them. Hubert unbut toned his coat, and put his hand to his breast pocket. And his hand stayed .there.' ' ' What the devil's the matter with you, Hubert ? Why on earth are you staring so ? What have you come here at this hour for ? ' ' ' To kill you ! ' Under ordinary circumstances, Cinders would have lQoked on this as a joke. As ?it was, he half laughed. But there was a quiet . determination about the voice uttering those three words,'which stifled the' laugh and made his face grow a 'shade1 paler.- .... The -two men sat facing each other silently,, for nearly a minute. Then Hubert said : 'Ypu gness what for—Nellie 'Esmond.' -Jufit a Blight start, just a shade more jMll&ib; the 'face, otherwise Cinders Bat a? qijietly as before. ;; But he thcughtrhe jgrjisptecrthe situation now.- That fool Nellie had opened her mouth. He fore s'aw-.-'.trouble before ..the interview was 'oVerii ?' ( ... ' ? He remembered tlia,t in a desk at the back of..- liim' he :had .a revqlver. and a small box of . cartridges,. If he could get the. weapon j the sight of it might make his' -''vjijitor more- amenable, .to reason. Looking down : the 'barrel of- a .revolver haw lind thati efiect on_niost. men. He did hot aee -the'slightestTneed -.of: its': actual use, but it would give him more weight' in the argument which lie felt must ensue, and might be an important factor in turning the end ! of the discus sion in his . favour.' So he rose to his feet to reach for it; 'Sit down.'. And he promptly sat; Tlie prompt ness mainly induced by the sight of a pistol wlijch Haddon had drawn from his breast pocket, the mouth of which he could plainly see, so level was the pointing of it. ? ' If you move I press the trigger.Tliat might do harm to others as well as to yourself. I mean that you may not be prepared to die,' - '' You mean you will give me time to say my prayers 1 How very good of you.' .Cinders said this in a sneering tone. Even yet he had not realised the gravity of the situation. That there wbb to be trouble he foresaw, but 'shooting— mur- der in fact— was it likely, that Hubeit would run his neck into a noose? And over a woman, too ? Ridiculous] But unfortunately Cinders was measur ing his visitor by his own standard. He lost sight of the fact, that there comes to some men times in their lives, -when life does not seem so very worth the living after all. CHAPTER. III. ASHES TO ASHES. . ' You know I did not mean that,' said Hubert quietly. ' I mean that you might care to make some disposition of your property, for those you leave be hind you.' 'You seriously mean that,. in cold blood, you will be coward enough to shoot an unharmed man.' ' That is your way of putting it. I put it qn a' higher level:- You . have robbed my life of its greatest charm. You have ruined the woman I loved — who but for you would- this very,- day have been made my wife.' I.see no cow ardice in punishing you, in -shooting you down like the dog you are. It is but an act of justice.' The true condition , of things was dawing on Cinders at last. He recog nised his opponent's determination. He had a wrong and the righting of it was tho object of his visit. He did not, for a moment, suppose there was anything serious in the threat' to kill, Hubert had loved this girl Nellie, and having discovered that CinderB had — well, be haved badly to her — had come in the lieat of liis;teniper to . insist on Cinders flicking an; libnest woman of 'her. He 1iad seen' such incidents on the stage. He recalled an almost identical situation in a novel he had been reading. Arid Jhis empty-headed noodle had thought to come there to liiin — a clear-headed, livo-by-liis-wits, brain- worker— to play 'Ofl bucIi a stale old' wheeze. Faugh ! It \was : not .^complimentary to him. Ssneeringly he said : 'I1 What s your little game— Quixotic knight errantry? Righting the wronged? Squire of Dames business ? Think to make, 'me marry the girl and live happy ever after kind of thing ? ' ''You marry Nellie Esmond ? God forbid ! ' - Not; to make him marry her 1 That was riot tho object of the viBit then'. What could it be P For the first time Cinders felt a tr&co; of fear. Had lie a madman— an armed madnian— sitting in front of mm ? . ' Well if that ia not your purpose in knocking mo up after, midnight, perhaps you. will be good enough to tell nie what your object really ib.' ; ? ' To rid the world of a blackguard.' ' ' That sounds Btagey, dear boy.'.apart from its insult, whioh we will sptak of later on. ... I don't want to discuas black guardism with you. Probably we should not agree on ,tbe subject. I don't hoist tlie.liigli moral standard, nor do I sail beneath the skull and erossbones'. J. live my life— enjoy it according to my lights. A woman iB a Woman. They are much of a muchness.'- That it was my lufek to fall across a little actress yon hud reserved for yourself — well, all's fair you know, in love and war.' M' Yourclock wants Ave minutes to the hour. I give you that five minutes. You can fill it by making a will or writing a good-bye letter to any relative or friend.'. '? What do you- mean ? ' ' That when the minute hand reaohes the hour, I press the trigger of this pis tol.' ' You mean it ? ' ' I mean it.' ' You must b8 mad 1' ' Perhaps.' . ' You seriously mean to shoot— to murder me — in cold blood.' ' I me'an it— so help me God.! ' Cinders realised the whole situation now. His body became damp with perspiration; But never for a second did helosehi8 presence of ihind. ?' ' Are you aware what this meanB ? That .the shot will be. -heard ; that ypu. will '.be arrested, tried — condemned- hanged for murder P.' ' L think not. Probably there iB .not a human being within ear-sliot. TliM'i* however, is my business. You should tliink.of your own. A minute has passed. You have but four left to live.' ' Assume that the shot would not be heard— do you think' ycu could escape ? It is known I did not enter the Temple till midnight. Do you think the lodge keeper who admitted you later will not recognise you P ' ' It would be difficult for him to do so. 1 came over the garden rails. I propose leaving the same way. Let me remind you that two and a half hiinutes have passed.' '.And you have absolutely determined to kill me ? ' 'Absolutely.' ' Have you any objection to my drink ing a brandy and soda P ' ' None. . You have exactly two min utes in which to drink it.' ' Thanks.'- At bottle of brandy and a syphon stood, on the table. Cinders started to mix liis drink. Whatever flaw existed in his moral character, he was riot a coward. He poured out half a tumbler of .the spirit, arid reached out for the. syphon which stood- at the end of the table. Rising to do this, he said : ' I cannot ofter you a drink, I sup pose ? ' Hubert returned no answer to the question. No sound broke the silence of the next few seconds but the ticking of the mantel clock, and the noise made as the soda water fizzed into the glass. And then the last words of that interview were: spoken by Cinders. ' Here's to our next meeting.' The next instant he had dashed the contents of the glass into the face of the man sitting opposite, grasped with fin gers of iron his opponent's wriBt, pushed the table on him, and the candles in fall ing having gone out, a life and death struggle, in which the' two men and the i table and chairs were ihvolved, took place in the darkness. Not a word was ' spoken. Breaths came short and quick but Cinders had 'the advantage. He Was' fighting for his life and the knowledge of that fact gave him strength. Gradually he tumPd the wriBt he held away from him. Then came the report of a pistol echoing and re-echoing through the ? building. Then—silence. ; And when presently the moon stole' from behind a e}oud and lighted up the .room, it showed the. figure of a dead man flying on, the floor, shot through the heart/, and-- another, figure with a white face,; crouching by the door, listening. Arid-the Temple clock, first chiming the, .quarters, .struck the hour of one. . ? ..^^HAPTJER vrV.^ ? , A WOMAN'S CONFESSION.' The would-be avenger of a woman's wrongs was dead. Was lying on the floor there, in the moonlight, a corpse. It waa some^minutes before Cinders satis fled himself of this. Minutes he passed in listening almost breathlessly. Listen ing for the footsteps he dreaded.of some one aroused by the shot, walking into the Court to discover the cauBe of it. But the footBteps came not, and presently heaving a deep sigh of relief, the living man struck a match and lighting one of the candles, cast its light on the face of the dead man. No windows overlooked.his own. so he was fearless of onlookers. He knelt be side the body and placed his hand over the region of the heart. Not the faintest sign of beating. The blood the . shirt front was sopping up, indicated where tlie bullet had entered the body, that it 'had pierced the heart— that it had been immediately jatal.\ Mechanically that livid-faced man set the furniture ? in order and lit the other candle. Then he went through the same action he had done before — he 'mixed a drink. This time he swallowed it. It acted as a tonic. It pulled him together. He sank into the armchair, and faced the body on the floor. And the body faced him, too, tlie great staring eyes of the dead man seemed fixed on him. But Cinders was nut a coward. Moreover, he felt in no' way to blame for what had occurred. It had been hiB life or Hubert's. The man had. come to kill him, and in sheer self- defence he had taken his would-be murderer's life. But he was. a lawyer. He was alive to. the construction a judge and jury might put on the termination of the aOair. He ?would have a difficulty in satisfying a court of the truthfulness of the real story. It waa not a plausible one — lie knew that. , He pictured himself as Counsel for the Crown in such a case — and felt nervous as to hiB own safety. He had been devilling for the Treasury Counsel lately, and looked at the matter from tlie prosecutor's standpoint. J uries. too, were apt to look at things with cold eyes. There were no witnesses. Two men were in a room, one lived and the other whs shot dead. What would a court of justice think of the living man's story? He guessed And in that mo ment he determined that the story should neyer be told. - Hubert - had entered the Temple un perceived. By some means.he must-leave it so. How, became the queatidri he must think out during the dark hours how to dispose of the body. Within sight flowed the Thames. Could he but get 'the body 'to the Embankment, to drop it into. the river would be. the work of' a. moment, but the railings were between. That silent,, swift-flowing water was im possible. Many a murderous secret; lie knew, lay hidden in its bo3om. But he could not .confide his to it. ? Preliminarily he must remove every thing from the body likely to lead to its identification. So once more he knelt beside the dead man. aud this time care fully emptied his pockets. . In the vest he found two letters. One was partly directed and stamped for the post, the other had been opened and wau directed to the Hon. Hubert Haddon. He recog nised the hand of the writer in a moment — Nellie Esmond. -.. .? He drew'tlie letter from its envelope;' and re'ud the ' contents. It explained Haddon's'midniRht-i8it. ? It read: God knows how you will read this ' letter, Hubert-^the broken-hearted confession, of . my - worthlessncss. ' . Surely no woman in: this world- ever . sat down on the eve of the day fixed ?; - for her marriuge to write such- a letter as I am coihp'elled to write you. I '? have.for days past wondered whether Ishoald do so, whether I should tell you at all, or whether I should sum mon up courage aud throw mvself .over one of the bridges and end it.all that way. But I am a ooward, ? Hubert— a coward fit heart, and when two nights running : I have leaned over the bridge and seen the lights*' redeeted in the water hhrrying along * ? beneath, I have failed, miBerably failed, in carrying out the object of my going there. The last time I sank in one of the Beats, and knelt down and prayed Hubert, prayed^o God to give me strength, to give me ? oourage to mount the parapet, and take the one plunge which— But I could not, I shrank: from . it, shrank ? from death— wretched, miserable, guilty woman that I am. And as I must live, and life with you is impos sible, I must needs tell you all. Hubert, I want you to believe m'e when I say that I honestly cared for you. They .say that an actress has no heart. You would be told that I looked to your;title and' monev ouly. As God'is my judge, Hubert, it was not so in your case; I loved you for : yourself 'alone.1 and I was htippy'.in' that love,,, And then ;. the . serpent . came into'mylife. and you— uncon- sciously 'poor, aioCi old Hubsirt— you introduced him. ' Never wfife dove ? fascinated by serpent, as was I by your friend. Call it hypnotism, mesmerism, what you will, I fell a victiin. .You; remember the liousd- ; boat party atjHenley, when you 'iri- troduced me to your ' friend ' Olifiord Grey ? Froth that time, Hubert, I have never known a happy moment. From that moment I was a traitress to. you. What power the man liaB I do not know, cannot say. But it was great enough to ruin nie. I was false to you. De/ir Hubert ;I do 'riot ask, I do not expect for a* moment that you will forgive me. I do not even wish it. I.liave only one wish now— to die and liide'' my shame in the grave. To go with you to church with thiB stain on me iB impossible. I have kept up the farce till just' on the eve of our marriage day, but I . can do so no longer:- ? Think evilly of me now, Hubert, you must do so. but as the years roll on, you may per , haps remember that I liad sufficient goodness left iri my nature to confess before it was too late— .that' I brought ? no shame into .your life', that your' .' family name was never dishonoured by an; alliance with a fallen woman, that there was somelittle good in me ? after all. ' And one last, last 'wish. Hubert,.do not, for God's sake, do not .iittempt to see' me again — it would: be too cruel. ., By the time this reaches you I - shall have left London. I have joined ' The Lullu liety Girl ' Company, and shall be away from London for months. I pray earnestly for two things— that I may never set eyes on you again, riiy Bliame is too great to bear it; that the hand of death may soon beckon . me to rest. In all heartfelt sorrow \- and regret for the trouble and pain I shall have caused you, I am . Your broken-hearted ? Nellie. ? ' 1 (To be continued.) . . . 