BY 6 * 8 1 One meets some terrible liars on the Wallaby^the most artificial and circumstantial I ever bad the honor of walking across was a chap named 'Queensland Tommy.' No one knew his proper name, and where he came from, but that signifies nothing, be cause few men on the track are known by their right names. But pass the tin-kettle and let us sing a song of / .QUEENSLAND TOMMY.' I have knocked about the country, in the North and South and East, And have' met some funny gentry, from \- a dook's son to a priest, Tell a tall and mighity story of adven . tures they had seen, . And of beauty, love and glory in the countries they hail been. Bat the most artistic liar I've encoun tered in my time, (Pass the brandy bottle nigher, just to help along Ithis rhyme,) Hails from Alligator River where the granadillas grow, And the people start to shiver when you mention ice or snow? Bushmen ~call him 'Queensland Tom my/ no one knows his proper name; And to find a simple chummie ever seems to be his aim ; Por lie dearly loves and glories in the blank astonished look Of the victim, who his Stories takes for Gospel from the Book. Tom has got a sense of humor, and in most persuasive style. He can keep afloat the rumor that he spent a 'bloomin' pile,' Every time he spins a 'culler' he is sure to make a hit \- While some poor believing buffer takes a paralytic fit! Not a smile adorns his features, not a wink his cunning eye, When he tells some simple creature of a pine tree mountain high,' Or a savage alligator, who some fif ^ teen fathoms long, Chewed a river-navigator and his crew some twenty strong. With delight his eyes are beaming, when he talks of blood and gore, And the niggers-a la Deeming-he has shot down by the score ; his voice {g-ows sweet and tender when he praises handsome gins, And their lustrous forms and slender, and their lovely -shining skins. Then to change his gruesome topics he starts opening your eyes. With the rich fruit of the tropics and Jthe gorgeous butterflies, Or a shed where shearers travel on a mile-long board by rail. And of opals thick as gravel on a lone ly Northern^ trail. How old diggers' eyes do;brighten, when- they hear his story told, <1 ara quivering while writin') of the mountain full of gold, He'd discovered mengst tthe stations where the savage Myalls reign, But for ail the 'Wealth of Nations,' hel could -never find again. In a solemn tone and truthful hieTl convince you if he can" How the Mermaids sweet and youth fell who bewitched unwary man, {Here his lying tongue grows holy) ? fascinated Ids own se3f,r .find by force had dragged him slowly to the bottom pf ijie Gnlf! Met a chap the- other day who'd been travelling in the country scour ed just now by 1£he police and others for the Governors, the N.S.W. black bushrangers. He tells me that every body, especially the swagmen, are hav ing a real good time of St. Though like most good things they've over done it, and the publicans in that dis trict aret getting sick and tired of giving tucker and drink to anybody land everybody, as they did at thei start; of the hurit, and have now ab solutely refused to give any more re freshment without the stipulated hard cash down. This fact no doubt large ly accounts for my swagsome friend aforesaid having left that blooming district. Everybody who could raise any kind of an apology for a shot gun or other harmless blunderbuss, crack ed he was after ithe Govemorsy and on thaJt strength put up at the pubs, and after having a good TjIOW out,' took his hook without parting up a copper, and all on the plea of 'pro bono publico.' The publicans have now found xiut that somehow they're .not included in the publico. You can't blame thsem,neither can yon blame swaggies for making hay while the Governors shine. Yet I reckon that a determined and cunning swag man is about the "Only Individual who has a ghost of a show of copping the _black murderers. Policemen never catch anything. The plague has clearly proved Ithat old maxim. Not a single one of the many bobbies in the quarantined areas has so far been guilty of catching that mysterious complaint. The only way to catch the Breelong blacks is too sneak on them In a quiet way, and swaggies take some beating when it comes to sneaking! I knew a knight of the billabong who coul4 sneak on to a kangaroo and tap the animal on the hack before it'd either hear, see or smell hira ! Such a bundleman could sneak on the Governors and have 'em handcuffed before they could say 'In speotor Cameron.' I offer this tip free gratis to the N.S.W. Police Depart ment. * « * * * Always thought the new-chum was an article of- the long dead past on the track. But as usual I've jumped at wrong conclusions and didn't turn things over in my mind. Met a very simple new-chum the "other day. .'I had been tramping,' he said, 'without a bite of meat of any kind, when I ran across a couple of swagmen whose b9gs were chockfull of meat, while their three dogs were as fat as pigs. How the devil, I said, do you manage to keep your dogs in such a prime condition ? I am almost dying for a feed of meat " They gave him a good tuck oulfc of mutton and smiled up tfheir sleeves and wondered at his simplicity. .Now, if that new-chum would go to the trouble of turning over some of the dead sheep he comes across . he'll find that many of the^fe gmhbucks die anything but a natural death. The missing hindquarters will also give him an idea how those swag gies' bags were filled and what keeps their dogs in such excellent condi tion. * * - * 0 + There are two things I advise my fellow swaggies to abstain from do ing. viz. : juggling with figures and Tnaking love to a woman possessed of a sense of humor. Solving mathe matical puzzles and meddling with ar ithmetic has cost many a politician his free railway pass. Making love to a woman with a humorous tarn of mind has driven many an unfortunate ratepayer to suicide. Whfi?+1T ??+ and foolish I have had a go at t^iat"' Uer. I was deeply in love"^". , T charming young slavey. Millie I said to her one day, 'you must be aware that the good book says-er that it is not g-good . that a m-ma» should be alone.' 'Well*; then, my adored one coolly.'hadn'tyou^bet iter go home to your motherEver^ since before professing anddecl˚ my love to a girl I find ont first fis to whether she carries any sense^ of hu mor with her. How do I find out . Easy! See what papers she reads. If she reads Scraps; "Snapshots, or any other penny comics, you can safely make love to her. She doesn't know how humor is spelled. -* . * -Awhile ago I passed a few remarks about the kind of letters folks commit in-the hack country. A backblox edi tor once told me between drinks that the highest compliment he ever re ceived in his beery, journalistic car eer was the following letter sent to him hy one of his far-back subscrib ers. "With an eye on my Wallaby screed I took !be opportunity to ob tain a verbatim copy *-? .Dear Sir,-I hereby offer my resig nation as a subscriber to your paper, it being a iiamflet of slch small rous .erkeuce as not to Benefit my famly by taken of it. What you need in your shete is brnaes an' some one to russel up news, write' editoryalls on live topiclrs you streneusly ienor the fack tbat the tator bugs is eatin' things up out here, and say nuthin 'bout Bill Simpson's durfiam bull carf breakin its legs fallin down a well or grandmar S.- havin a sore leg two im nortant weddens has bin ,utterly i£ knored by your dishclut of a shete an a 2 colum obitchury writ by me on the deth of /grandmar H- was left out of your shete tc say nuttin of a alfabet ical pome beginnin with A Is for Andy and also for Ask writ by xne dcrter. This is why your sheet is not popular ihere. The Mulga paper puts in any thing we T-ite, speshully wen I sens a feeder acd so for tire futxir I ain't go ine <o have your shete honly isn cause * if you don't want ,editoryalls from this place and ain't goin to put in no news in your shete "we don't want said shete. Tours in distrust. J F T-S.-If you print that 2 colum obitchury in your next issoo I may sign again for your shete.-J.F.* Country people aren't freer of trou bles th'jtn swagmen, and this letter must indeed have been a veritable oasis in the desert to "the editor of that 'shete.* 'Did you hear thaft Nellie Smith Was engaged ?' said Bill as he passed the wink round the carriers' camp fire. fNo,' said Jim with a start. 'Who is she engaged to ?' . - 'Don't know/ jsaid Bill, 'you'd bet ter go and ast her.' 'Think I will.' said Jim as he start led- towards Smith's. Thc[ carriers knew that Jim was a bit mashed on Nellie, and they laughed at the April fool they were making of him. After a couple pf. hours Jim came back. 'Well, Jim, is she engaged ?' said Bill as he passed the grin. - 'She's engaged right enough,' said Jim as he lucked a log on to the fire. ^ - fWho's she engaged to ?' enauired Bill. * / 'To me,' said Jim. 'Then if she was engaged io you.* said Bill, 'what made ye go and ast her V 'She wasn't engaged then/ , said Jim calmly and silently smoked his pipe. This love story, if true, should come under the category of short and sweet . '* * ' * -? * * He was travelling for ah ironmon gery firm and bent on introducing a new patent buggy lamp. When tiling «ny boss, a very cute man, all the ad. vantages the lamps possessed, the boss asked him: 'Yes, that's very good; they look nice and all the rest of it, but do they give a good lighit?' *A good light?' exclaimed the bagman with a twinkle in his eyes, 'Why, when yotfre travel ling -along on a dark night you can see every blade of grass on the roadside, and you can count, the legs of jthe mos quitoes buzzing round your head! * "That settles it/ said the man of wool, 'your lamps show too good a ligrft l>y fart' After all one often makes a mistake oy overdoing a good thing. Bill Mayne and I passed a pub. once. *1 know this publican/ said Bill with a grin, "he's good for two drinks on the never.' 'Does* he know Bill?' I won dered, but followed him into the bar on chancc. There was a gashing young girl behind the bar.., William asked for two-pints with the air of a millionaire. Wlieii we fiiad puft them out of sight, we turned to-go out. 'I say, what about .the money, cried the gushing young Maid aforesaid.. Bill turned round, and in an indignant tone of voice said: /What, is Bill Mayne not to be trusted 'with two paltry drinks? Well, I he \--Go and ask old Snakejulce about me. He knows me of old. 'Is Bill Mavne good for two drinks?' she sang out to Mr. Sna ke juice through the par lor door- A gruff voice inside answer ed: 'Has he had them?' 'Yes, I Just gave them to him.' 'Then telL him 'Yes, and d- him!' I didn't ask William any questions about his rela tionship with Mr Snakejuice. You see my old mate is /very sensitive, and I didn't care about hurtin his feelings. * * - . « He looked financial, and green as a gum leaf, and was standing outside a bush town pub. A swztggie in search of drink passed and marched up to him with the criminal intention to ask the financiil-looking person for the price of a drink: 'I beg vo:?r pardon, sir/ he commenced, bw get any further. *Oh, don't mention it,' said iiie money smelling simpleton, *1 thought yen were going to ask me for the price of a long sleever.' He may have had beans right enough, but he was certainly not as green as he looked. 