The Argus. PUBLISHED DAILY. ''I am in the place where I am demanded of con- science to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Every letter must be accompanied by the name and address of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. Rejected letters cannot be returned under any circumstances whatever. Correspondents are advised to keep copies of their letters, as this rule will be adhered to strictly. SATURDAY, MAY 19, 1900. If on looking back hereafter at the great war in South Africa the British people remember that they trod a morass of blunders and miscalcula- tions at the outset, they will recognise also that at one point their foothold was firm. The unmeasured confidence reposed by the nation in the general destined to lead its armies to victory was more than justified. Many may opine that it was worth the endurance of rebuffs to obtain the unchallenge- able right of placing Lord Roberts on the roll of great commanders. Trusted and beloved as he was by all ranks of the service, it could not be legitimately claimed that his position among the highest order of strategists was estab- lished until he had been called to com- mand the largest army Great Britain ever sent into the field, under condi- tions wholly unprecedented either within his own experience or that of any living leader. It would be as reasonable to contend that Welling- ton's genius was proved beyond cavil- after Assaye. All that could be said hitherto of Lord Roberts was that he had accomplished with brilliant suc- cess and throughness every military task imposed upon him, snatching vic- tory after victory against a savage and warlike race of mountaineers; inso- much that his men were inclined to regard him as unerring, invincible. One service the Boer war has done is to prove upon a larger scale the sound- ness of Tommy Atkins' instinct. Colonel Byron, the Queenslander who is serving upon Lord Roberts's staff, wrote after the Bloemfontein ad- vance:— "The whole of this mighty army seems imbued with the indomitable spirit of the commander-in-chief. Privations, exposure, sickness, and wounds are all endured cheer- fully, owing largely to the magnetic in- fluence of his wonderful personality. He must necessarly be considered as one of the greatest soldiers of all time, and his mili- tary genius seems to rise superior to all difficulties." The implicit faith which can inspire this devotion may be pointed to as the cause enabling a general to do great things. He succeeds brilliantly be- cause his men endure and dare for him more than they will for any other leader. On the other hand, such fealty is only to be secured by exceptional qualities in a commander. He must be great before he is considered so by the men who will stake their lives cheerfully on his judgment. And gauged by this measure, Lord Roberts certainly does hold his place worthily alongside the other great captains of the century. He inspires one senti- ment which the Iron Duke never did— attachment. Wellington received un- bounded trust, and on every field where he figured the personal equation counted for much. "If I had not been " there, I am convinced we should " have lost the day," he wrote on one occasion, when his Sepoys had been thrown into confusion by the Mahratta fire. But, cold, rigid, inscrutable, as incapable apparently of emotion as he was of fatigue, Wellington was hardly the leader to exert the "magnetic in- " fluence" of which Colonel Byron speak. A spice of something very like aversion often migled with the ad- miration his genius extorted. It was exemplified in the testiness with which Alava, who travelled with the Duke in the Peninsula, complained of his tire- less activity and the glumness of his demeanour. To the inquiry when they should start, Alava received invariably the curt responde, "Daylight;" and to the more anxious question what they should have for dinner, "Cold meat." " What horror came to possess me," he writes, "of those two terrible " words!" One reflection precludes surprise that the British general, in handling an army of 200,000 men spread over a vast area of country, has more than sustained the reputation he won in Afghanistan. Those who took careful note of his career must have observed that he was never set an easy thing to do. Difficulties of a daunting nature confronted him in every campaign. His successes have been wrested under conditions which would have inevit- ably meant disaster to a general of weaker fibre. Witness his predicament on the summit of the Peiwar Kotal, when he discovered that the daring flanking attack which he had scaled the mountain to deliver was imperilled by the disaffection of the native troops. Too late for retreat—a whispered con- ference in the darkness; with the result, says Lord Roberts simply, that " we made up our minds the men did " not intend to fight." Neither did they, yet the position was stormed without them. The same fixed determination to conquer any obstacles characterised his perilous march to Cabul through a hostile country after the Cavagnari massacre—a greater venture, he him- self avows, than the march to Canda- har. Like Hannibal, he had to "find " a way or make one." Through it all resourcefulness and subtlety of cal- culation have stamped Roberts quite as much as audacity. And these—the qualities of the great general—have been incontestably displayed on the larger stage of South Africa. Two in- stances particularly evidenced the master mind. One was Lord Roberts's refusal to undertake the easy recapture of the 200 waggons and 3,000 oxen cut off by the Boers when he struck into the Free State. Invaluable as the supplies were to an army of 40,000 men making forced marches upon quarter rations, a pause would have enabled Cronje to escape, and Lord Roberts would have none of it. The second point, emphasised by Colonel Byron, has been hardly understood till now. Lord Roberts, he states, explicitly post- poned the assault upon Cronje's laager at Paardeberg, not because he shrank from the necessary loss involved, but because with far-seeing patience, he recognised that delay would draw a large portion of the enemy's forces from Ladysmith to Cronje's succour. This Colonel Byron pronounces a stroke of "masterly genius," and the consensus of opinion may be with him in according Lord Roberts that high tribute. A great humourist, like smaller men, is sometimes more entertaining when he least intends it. Mark Twain has just been giving evidence before the House of Lords Committee on copy- right. It was a dry subject and the driest of tribunals; yet Mark Twain contrived to infuse into his evidence much matter for exquisite mirth. His statement to the learned and some- what blasé jury he addressed was as laughter-compelling as, say, a page in " Tom Sawyer" or the "Innocents " Abroad." On the American side of his brain Mark Twain is a shrewd business man, and he takes, of course, a severely business view of the vexed question of copyright. At present an author enjoys the fee-simple of his ideas for the limited term of 42 years, and the Lords' committee proposes to extend that term to 72 years. Mark Twain, however, in his business capa- city, demands that copyright should be perpetual. The book a man writes ought to be a possession as permanent as the acre of land he buys. Why should property in books be less sub- stantial than property in real estate or in "cottons"? At present only one book in the English language enjoys perpetual copyright; or, as Mark Twain put it, "there was only one " book in the world that had been " fairly treated ever since Queen Anne's " time." That is the English Bible! Mark Twain very cleverly turned Mrs. Harriet Beecher Stowe into an argu- ment for perpetual copyright. "In " America, where the number of slaves " subject to the lash was equal to the " population of London to-day, a " woman wrote a book which aroused " humanity and swept slavery out of " existence, and purged the name of " America from reproach. The author " was now dead, and the copyright was " dead; but the children lived and the " book lived, but the profits went to " the publishers." No one, of course, feels any tender and sentimental concern for pub- lishers. The famous jest, "Now Barab- " bas was a publisher," has in the popular mind a flavour of something more than with about it. Mark Twain's views of literature in general, how- ever, will be listened to by the world with amused and more than half- astonished interest. It is painful to report that the man who has written so many books has a very poor opinion of books in general and of his own books in particular. Once, he said, " he had found his own manuscripts " taxed as 'gas-works';" an incident which recalls the circumstance that when the mummy of a Pharaoh was on its way to the British Museum the un- imaginative Customs officers classified it as "dried fish." To find his books catalogued under the head of "gas- " works," Mark Twain admits, "hurt " him;" but he apparently thought that there was at least a flavour of rough justice in the description. "Out of 100 " tons of books published," he told the listening committee, "98 tons were " light literature. His own works were " light." But he went on to explain that the specific gravity of "light" literature was something tragical. These "light works" sank in the sea of oblivion as swiftly and as certainly as lead sinks in water! And they de- served no better fate. "Many un- " thinking thinkers,'' as Mark Twain put it, "thought that they thought;" but they were quite mistaken. Their books are brainless; and, unlike the ghosts that haunted Macbeth, the lack of brains to a book is fatal. Books are embalmed minds, says a familiar aphorism; but what if the writers have no minds to be "embalmed"? A good book, as Milton taught the world in his " Areopagitica," is "the precious life- " blood of a master- spirit." But sup- pose a book represents only the frivolous thoughts of a shallow mind? In that case killing is no murder; and he who kills a foolish book only slays folly, and makes the world a little saner by the performance. Mark Twain dwelt with an emphasis liulf-regrctful ami hull CMiltanl on Hie morl.lilly »»hieli inges amongst books. Tile morl.illty-lilbles of llterutuie, II is true, me no1 kepi willi scleullllc cue, bul enough Is known lo make II cet tain Hint books, like liuniiiu beings, have their ailments and epidemics, They die emly, and die In astonishing numbers, .mil most of thom die unwept e\« ept li«, tlu'li own fond pniontu. M.nk Twnln gives Homo striking tlguies, designed lo show bow fingllo 1h the t(institution of most books, and In what vast Inl.intlle svvnims Hiev pit Mi "Out ol "000 " volumen Ishiu«I evei v vein In (¡lent "Hiltaln, onh in would ic.uli the I-' ")eais limit Most «ii the books would ' be «lend mid gone Inside of live)i'ius, "livv livid mon» Hum sl\ niontliH In "Um «oinmc ol ,i «euimv onh I'1', "books a »iiiii would be ulive out of " ¡.oo.ooo " Noioionei's Ini'iiesl has t\ei been li« Id on .1 «lead book, und the cvm I cause ot its do«case ¡s not veiilled Books iiNiinllv die Mini» Twain evl dellllv thinks, flinn hu I. ol bialiis, .issNied b) pilbil« neglect 'llieultlc, llkii auotlii't Herod, iniissm ins these Innoteiiti. lu v»lioh' battalions But most ol Hu ni link ineigv enough lo live liven Hie toughest bunk «Iles, say ol u «hill, In Hie mont astonishing lashlon. lleibert fspeniei's woiks, l.oid Monks« eil, the ilniliiniin ol the lominlUee on mp.vilght tisseited, | would be «lend nlniosl tis kooii as theil authoi' There Is sense as well as humour In .Mark TyviiIu'h views on the over-pro. duel ion of books, and the merciful ar- rangement of nature vvhleh kills them oil' so promptly. The world is nllllctoil with too many books; books which nre nul Hiern!uri) In any real sense, which luive no sall of either wit or wisdom In I hem, vvhleh do not reinforce virtue or add to the world's .stock of know- ledge. Llleraliue biilïel'-i by the swarm of frivolous books vvhleh are poured forth; the world's Intellectual health Is Injured. Some book», accord- ing to Lord Huron's fanions classifica- tion, "ufe to be tasied; some to In« " HvviiltoYVod; some few to be chewed "and digested." Hill what about those which can be neither lusted, chewed, nor digested! Hundreds of books poured oui every publishing season have no other Inspiration than the foolish vanity ol' their authors. They hold the creed which Kyron satirised «-o keenly " 'Tin pleiiKiiiil, mue, In see one'« miine ni ininti A book'« ii bool« ulthoiigli there's nothing Mt." Bunyan tolls In a quaint distich the debate be -Cid with'hi» friends as to i whithu lu sit«) dil pi bil Ins Immun ii «111 ii ni Sjiiic wild John print it, otliet- si 1 \ii .some mid It might «io gool , otliei- 11 \\) II Is vv II foi Hu wo lil of «nuisi tImL III (lils pu ll< ulm instant i l)u id» I, lohn pilli! it was Inllovvcri lim to (btv will li Hil Ililli led woild .io his mille i Hi« binden ol so imniv lin.tllv l|i¿«jtlin voluiiKs iniiL bhiiis of foil» lo it loutit lyuv otliui inlenillng mili i ibout to willi* i book might h offuetl willi ililli« fotllldiiiie i'uueh s ni vin to thoso nhou*' to tnniiv - Don t I lie Oiient Cnmpiiiv s Ko} il 11111I st nut Uto» i with I nglinh mill» to V] i I ".Hil, mivclut .Uuiij fiom Colomliü je uni iv 'Min hoiilil icneh \\(lclaii|o in Moulin hut it is doubtful if she »»ill 1 in timi to eiteh tliu iftcinooiis c\\[it s ti nu Kjhoulil nile Mia ceil in tloing en ti l Molli>i|ine pillion of hei mails shou'd 11 iv iiliblc fu deli»ci) on lue tin 1 he leehtiieil 1 due-linn f munns ion ln_ returned fiom its visit to Suitlj \tisti ti i «hen it his he i inq pi ti_, ttni'«. ,_, ni tcehnienl edtieilmii in Hut «olun» li »|s|te«l tin Schi ol of Minc, mil Inlubtiic mil «m Hie elis es it »»till Hie _cho 1 1» ut plct-eut being r iritcd ou in the hi c nienl ol l|i 1 violation Ijiiililiii«* lilli t n««v hillleliner foi it is 1 ettie, ereetetl dose lu it ii tint ot L2)()00 of »»Inch IHOOU m, «ontriluiteil hy one f-ciitltmini lim tim mi-alón tifo inspected the work «lone it tile îgncultiir il oi iiitcimciliiite schnil 1 louie rontl Ydeliido bo»» ol 1_' jeir t \gc who Ime nlit iincil the fct ile "t li)ol ici Illicite ol I) veina timl upu irds «»nli nt it ire tdnitttetl to Uns institution on | ii uig n foo of 1/ i »»eck Uley nein tint I m idvtnced iiiithinelit ulj-rln i men ni i lion, metlinnicnl druinie, lutin) tie tlieoi» of igiiciilturc nul viticulture «lu uitbti» plijsies einientn lind «I tu » hil. Hie st hool fits Hie students foi itliui i t to elthei Hie School «f Mine* und It lu tries or lîosc»voiflij \ern nillir il ( ille nul the student* einlöse I lieu stlhjeit eoiiling lo »»luclie»ei li! 111 il t ion Hie» it tend illcmhng I itei on Hie nee 1 i t Mimili school lu M«lliouine »» i ut ic.it c1 bj the c nunn-ion Hu c« tiiiiii- nn il ) »i-ited Koeewoifli» Vgncultiiril ( olUe. nuil isimcil -time useful iiifmiiintioii ti ni l'iofcshois Io« i io nid l'erl un» wini li » Il in itetmll» t st-t it m prcpiiiiu* Us ii it na to the hues ou »»Inch Hie ic_iiiiiltiu ti colleges in ^ ictoni should lie conduit« I Hie Post Illili t' tlcpHitmeiiL immune Hi it telephone i-iib-ci plions foi Hie (pi ii et cutline, finie JO t-houlil he p m1 it in pli nvoid the nicoll» entinte ot iiiin«. eu t. nt the e\eltinc,e Vccorlnifr, ti tlte up I lions Mibstnptioiis foi t lie finie nu nur blioul I line been paid ni ii 1» ince «n Apiti 1 "some time igo Mi T Challner* | html ei of 1 Dois.in.», invented u simple denn li nullifj the elicits of vilu itinn on iii Wilt-kith iiKuiitlestent e,a= liiihl II -i cliiimctl foi the inicntinn tim it ««ill li ni» u »Mtlt lilt dintel of Hie dell« «til» i ii stitiitetl mintie heuic, ile.-li »jni lu lu I _ W'uläli.u h light »nil he hltcil loi n,e in .ill buildings »vhiiu tht'»e eoiitlitinns ¡iri'inil, uutulilv iiiihuiy pi chum. .. Aflt'i the ¡n ventinn was puente«! it »»a» liken to Knglanil, anil Miliniittoil to tim Welsh,,, h bight Coinpiiii). A hon»» mihi »»a» pud foi it. 'Iho Aiistrnl.isi.in ii"'lu» have been disposed of heie«, nntl ii minmi, ol ni»-gentlemen uro intcic-tctl. Mi (.hil n)ois is ,it pie-cut, in Kuglantl with the« com p.tnj. snme time ago the Halhiiiit Ol, Council upplleil to the 1'o-t olliee ilipiituienl li r pal denial», ol the icveiuiu lunn the ide phi ne line letenllv established lielwttn Hutt tit» and Melbourne, and asked thal a »ccond hue <-lioii!«l bo eonsliueteil. \ ii tuiii »»an piepured, and it v»iis aseeitainetl that fur the jem ending Dcecinher III ln-t. Hie it» lim,.' li oin the Halliiiat tungie hue' aniounleil lo 101(1/1(1 !), »»hilo Unit fiom '.celling, »»ith it» t»»o line», came lo X'1,1117 lL'/.l .Mi. Out11 um, tho Deputy l'o_tnui tet tieneinl, jidiiitri out that iti'the til,up! foi itimimiiiicution- he'tvveeii 11,dlui.it anil Melbourne is fill pet tent mon' than tint hi'tucen (¡eelong anti Melbourne, one limit of Hie ic»inue hu to itmie off the lui mu s levenui' in cn dei to git n pinpei «oinpiii sun 'I hc'-e ligules weio toi»»iiiileil to Hie ll.illiiint (ouiicil, mid, a» u »etomi line would cost 11,100, the I'o-tmii-ti i tiiiu lal intimated that he did not thillls. Ilic iiililltiou.il hue vins waiianlnl ni tin lum. Auiitliei letiiiu pieiiait'il h« the ilrput incnt shovicd thal the longest '»» ni fin' Me'llioiuue" at an» t.? in Ihe Hill.ii ii e\ihangi' dilling the »»hole of the munni til Man li »»iis 1. mimili», »»hile lill' a»ti age numliei til daily tails oui» un heil Is Taking the full lue munit«, .illouiil, Ilia!. munlii't vvniihl out) «ii«itpi lince htitti- .uni 10 mumu» dilling llu '.'I hotii» 'Hie linallie willi the II dim it line iil-c's flinn the fait Hint at pin lit ni n horns ol the» dav a huge mimbil ni pu sun. v»i-h to git Melliouine ill the -ailie tillie. In 'The Al gus" of je»itnl,u, "Mer. ih.inl," who li-ulc» nt 1 Imv linn n, loinpluinc'il th t is Hie tleliici» iii thal siihuib ».as no1 «..«tul until li, tween half p ist S and half p i I 1 o'« In« I . and as he had to lea», li» Ii. in mi the tilV at 2") munit« s pa-t, S mimi., lie wa» eonseipienlly nimble to git lu- mull hefoie lc.niiig home loi the ti i> 'Hie I'listniaslei ('mi ml st iles tint I lit «lill»« I»" tuan,, in Ibu»thom at 7 o'«link am. .uni Unit "Mcii hunt" must he m »onie ninnie ¡millón ol the snlniih it he doi- mil i»1 n « lettets iii'uti c1 until lnll-|i)-l II,.', In, I. 11«. points out, linvvcvei, llinl ««lien tin ne« s» si« ni »»luth is no»» being in main mil is tompletttl, Hu« ti nuble« compl.inie.l uf mil he l.tigely ob»luted. A loiiespondent, «ogiiing liuin-t'l Itinu* nil." ii-keil the l'ostiii.iitei (lend ii lliionph ''Hie Aigu-" iinilei »»lint loiiihti.iii- pu- lulo tttv ollift'H »ven- gmnted Mil» til.plume cxclliuiKi'ii, und uliethei the minn- nr Mgcnls ol suth buddings li.til un« .millern, ty li\ i it cn of Mibstnptions to tcti.uit- In it-pi«, Mt Outturn,the lleputj J"o-titii-t«t (¡tneinl, stnks Hint the denn munt < li!itl-."i Hie propnetoiH ol oflicp uiiililuis* C!) lui eiei» Ililli], hue ii oin Hu» ti nil .1 exchange, and £ I ti «eui for em li ivitn . mon ho um»' innl.o m Ins Imiltlmgs ti» nnv of the loom- in fliit." 'Hie di pin tim nt looks to the Inmlloiil lol the piinniit oí linst' 1 lite -, nilli Hill lund'.lill is It.i to iiiuke vvli.it iiiiiiiigi'iiunth lie like* »tilt lu- ll mints W'ltcic t« minti« tte «uutu'ilnl with it pit» ile otlui' snitehlintiil, til do- lí ii Intent iluis not recognise Hum m the tiitnsi.ellon. A (onfetenip of it»picsoiitnti»os of in.' lilli».lene meliopobtiin minni ipiihlu- m ? hclil »c'xleitiii» .it tin' tooms o! the Minno pul -.«-soemtion, in Hie Hld lÀelmtig.', tf> toitsitler the «iiic-.-lnu. ol lite stippl« nf dunking vvalei at the sl.tte in hool- I mm ullin Wood ((..uillield), llic cimionti «ii lite confeiente, pieiuled, lind lepie-enti lues »»etc piesenl flinn ¡KI inuiiicipilitu* A icMihitioii »»ii« uu.iiiimnusl) pu-ni lo the etrect tluit tilt' tonfcieiite mis of npiuiou Hint nil the stiitu h hool* ol tin* tolonj should he piovuleil willi liltu- it ti«« evpiuse of tile (¡oieiiinionl \ sim1 (oiiuiuttec »vim unpointed, .(insisting "I Councillot Cody, ( niiiicillni' Ungen, I tune tdlor Tun, Coiuicilloi C'luunbt'is, ('«uiiieilliii' \ I Smith, nuil I oiiiHiiini vvnou ni t ? pill puse ot tilit lining pines mid nimpli» ni I hillls to unbuilt lo tau eonfoieuii «»luth I will thin muk« it u [.mum ntl it inn li th' I t. civ di linn nt Mi I' Jowett mihi ir» ii I the shun ni ( milhehl anti lion HUielmv I ot llic i mill 11 uti, iv ill hu glntl to it cn» I nu» infoi mut inn with legiitl to Ililli» fiom I iiinnut ulmus til ullin per»,ms ? V lui» 1,1 netd Um piocectluiin lu tin li) I solvtnt» (nuil »isttiiila» ami iiigiigul ni ? it tquiilul mgiuntiiit with buln. Mil,- ? »Mil III Silt nppi neil on hell ill ol lui »nu ? in li»» to iilijeel to an application miiili t> ? l ibiv i« mi nihill» eui of an ottlei 111 it iuiiu. ? it poiliuu ut his Mihi!» foi the lu neill it ? tho « i t'tli tin h | mu horn, mini one, »ni H I liligi) Mole's»» ol Iii, »hill »nu lum no Innis ? Ntaiidi heit " ' Oh, »oh," »vu» the toiilnluii ? I« pi» ' I hold it jiovvoi of nttmiiri tliim H mj «on ni hu» lb mt endito! »«m j in« ? Vin bkelv,' saul the nuls', lint »t i on K ni 11 he I- it »oin lim um it lim i Mu, mil j! B though »vu me al«a»h glad to hen a In» ? Hiern mu i el tain inks ni tumi lo It in H »ni »«d' ' Will, I oui» vvmh I wiisiiliiiil»Ui Mt ni (.oheiloi, itjoinoiltho« iiistln'liii lad) "H H tin paige Niuilid iippiovul I lunn! nul ni H hu nune_n on Uiih point, she iiniMiigl) m ? quired whithu! judgment «nulli ho tin ? pinilttl fin ii while buln i ii lu linn» ii ? iniiiueil iippeimnst, mid bulgi Mole»iiiirtli ? 111 ml» vet kintllv 1 illili thut hu multi mt ? lum Hu Intl», lidding, aliuosl ivgutiuh ? it h'ciiiliI, that it he «tis! «ginini tin ««liol« ? Kiium mils of pioeitliire ni tliix nistiniee. ? uumhuis of Imbin would he tuii-liuitly ? appearing lo opposo iipjill-ntioii- '» ? llieic wini no opposition in 'j'" ? loyal Benno lo tho application, tim ? trualco in tim eiiUitu having yt ¡m fercd no objections, the orilor agumat U» M insolvent vvitu io«¡cinded, und Hit linly de parted disconsolate -lis Miugniel M'Cartliy viub ycatcirtiiy acquitted on it «lunge of nunile)in«, lui duiightpr Ahoo, aged I) yems, tit YiiuiiyiIIu, ni 1808, op the ground Hint she »ins muline ,it the time she- eomnullod flic deed 1 he elise Ipili a tioiitcv»hal, uhtiinl tiiniiiintmii, as Di. .Shields, p. YiitnesS lot the -mun, guv o evidence willoh pointed to tim vioimui having killed hei eli lilli cn dilling ii Billi den frenzy, m vvhleh u eoiiditton of nellie muñía lind cillniinuted Air Milla» ami, QC, who pin-muted foi tim Crown, did not iJippulo the ovideiiee of the tloefoi, itntl ,i verdict was theienpon ictmncd ns stntei|, _1i .Instlco Ilood directing thal, Mm M'Cartby be Kept in hinet custody until the pleasure of His ].\cellcncv the' Lieu tenant Governni in known '1 he iiuestitm now anees as lo how long the »»nimui »»ill be kept in custody, seeing Hint the medie d officer of tho Ifemule l'otuteiiluiiy ut l'ont iidgo, on April 37, iepoited Hint «,hc »»u, quito suno The t-eciotniy of the Clown 1-nv depaitment (Mi M linne) to whom tin queblion WHS ipfciicd y w-cei du«,, stilted that it would lie considered when the io port; of Ml. diisliee ilood ja locened The inveEtigition of the chaiges of rlmnk-nneas biought against Captain Wil bim Qslxirn Hill, of the barque »South I'sK, wau concluded ypatciduv by Hit CouiL of Mnnne InquuY Mi W, H (Jrokei id dressed tin» -Quit al some length loi Hie i|pfencE, Ho maintained that in lim pre conl case the men »vho had mude the ,ic lllsllt|np wnrn neill iln.l Tiy niOtlY«» of Ii" ness, as they »voie anxious to be discharged iml get better ,vngcs cliieivliero rothei than _il»c the vessel to Callao, und go thiougli Hie arduous woik ol' discharging hi|lln»t and laiidmg her They lud nlmued the pin «esses ot the Court by using the Manne llo-ird asa tool to effect then put post* Ile pointed out that three of the «huronI ented trew wore foreigners, and ho mututlined that it HUM »ni iiioiiinlnus stutc of all Jim tint .1 Rrjtifih vessel might bo coraplctoly under the domination of ii foreign cre»v It was not necessary to assume that because n (hurgo »\as mido i »lotim must bo foiúid, ' mid lie chinned that the rapt-mimd fully -jppi-Ved the charges vvhleh hid been in.de Sir Bryan O'Loghlen lephed, lei» nig the mpttei entirely in the hands of tho Court, willoh diHiUHtied (he thiuges mid. on tho application of Mi < loiter allowed lum the sum of 30 guineas lowaids tliu costo of tlve. tvse .1 migo Molesworth picsnlcd in the Tiisol ventv Coiut jesteiday, anil grtilted an un itnditiooul certificate to Alexantlei (Jrcei, of Carlton, i Ipi It \n apnlitnlion, was nmdp on liehilf of John Alexundei \fillo! mgin-drivoi, emplo\e(| on the Vietoiuin (iovernment i uK» lys, to have an oi let made in lune, 1898, under «»Inch he hud to set nside _2 pel mont li of Ins s il n y toi the benellt of his creditors, e-anrellpil \n order ivis untie as upplieil foi Iti.foii» the diief clerk (Mi \\\ s A Ponsford) nu et inga of creditor» ivcit held mil closed ni the caíale.- of Ailinn Heil» raihvav mi ploj c, of Hraybiook und (.hu It s I.! nil, t irpenter, of Wiudsoi, and Mr 1 W Snitiil «UB elected trustee in the estile of lohn Thomas Haw, of Sorrento, school ttnehei A few day a ngo nu old man named I.ttuok Hussey, »»ho was sahl lo be 0(1 yens of ige íesiding ut Noith Milbouine, »»is fined 1/ b\ the loe ii Court lot iHerleeluig te) send Ins son to behool Hie futo »vas not paid, and, as tho alternative »vu» Hu ce houm' linpiihoiimont, tho old man »vas ii lestcd and »vas on Hie point of being placed ni Melbourne 0 ml when the line »»as paid by oneeif tho lesulents of Noith Melhouiue When these fuels «»cíe published nilli li sympathy vy ib expressed foi the oki in in and Hie Munslei ot Public Instruction lulled foi it report on Hie mullel Hu ti mint olluci foi the distilo, has -tilted Hi it he thinks there niii-t have been s une (Um made as to the ago of the ftthei though ho is an oki man II. ahsluiueil fioni attending the court ivhen he was sum miine «I and olFcreil no explanation as lo «li» his win was not it school lind he don« so tha cuc-inst'itices might line been dif foi en t At tho Huggosiinu of Hie CuiiiiiIhIllicit] liourd, the I'tim alum department have« in pinpin at tan flunked i ejilj, fciimn to ho foi w Ulled to pirents ni gil.minni-, who have licen lequeiiled to explain Hie muí atteuil ante of then childi en lit school foi the lecpusite nuiillit'l of da»-»! timing the f)uul lei 'J'liCho fonns »»li bo m-iie«) to olia em of bom tis of ml» leo, and should prove a gnat loiiviuniniu to both parent- «mil incinbera of the bo ii tis. U the meeting of the Wollten'», Hospital tiimmittee »entolda» tliue »»ete pte- ent Alc-ilnmes Hoe (purulent), duriiii, Don, ¡shield«, Levien, M.niliv, A Hann, A Imkett, JJ O. Syine, .lanet IjuIj Uni ko, l.ithei O'connell, and Messis I lui old Tem picton, mid lioruhuid A Smith Mi «sptmus, M H , îcsitlent surgion of the mid »».fiiv depuitmeul, wa« graultd a foil nightV leave of absence, und Mi .1 C Mun,1 M.I., will mt in lu. ubseiue Mrs I". V. Lang, by deuiro of the committee, »nihill evv hu« lesignution nH ti inemboi ol tim committee. In lefoiouee to the tmumu »»huh lins linn mentioned as eviKling al Inveiloih Hut the (iei man liai «pie Magnat was to be 'iii indiuicd bj the captain, Messi» \V mid .1 l-empticio wiiti« I« uh, ut the îeipit'Ht ol C'aptum Oritiiuiiinii, to mitti übet tin runioui, Tho linn add that on boliulf of the 1'renieii lindelwiitem, thct» lut»t weil. «1« pitted a nun mi suive» m to inspect, anti he iciKiit.. that the vissel his .ippaic'iiU) miffered no injinv, anil can be got «ill 'I he « ipt.uu is, with the liuit'- com ni leuce, ar i mg np foi speedy hidviige upon tim li»«. miiihtinu- foi thoM» ooneviued lu Hu memi-iiue, it ih full) heboed the vessel will .cluain undamaged 'Hie Ti lides hull ( mined met last oven ing, Mi ( hnilt'h Iliinis piesiding Ml ,| I.million, Hie oig.iiii-.ing soi retan, icpoilul tint at Hit su nnd mass meeting uf fell liiougcis MO hail joined Hip new iilgaius.1 turn It «»as lutcndcd lo holt) a mass meei nig of gas«oiks i tupio»ps on Tuest! i» night, it »»huh Ml \ ,1 IVmuk, \l h \ hid signified his intention ot being pi est-ut Y Icltci «is iiitunl fi«ni the I'lemtei »»ttli legtud to (he piuposal to foi m ii de punition lunn lite tonne ii anil the II ght ilottis (. onumtlec hi togo tho intitHluttion into l'ai hument ol night hourn legislation 'lim l'ri nucí was pi opal ed to icionc tin ilepiiliilion, hut thought the bettei itiltisc « milli be to Hiiliinit then icipiesl ni wilt- ing If a fea-sihle hiheine wcie« tniggpMid, lui would ho pleased lo plate the stn up» of a draftsman al Hielt disposal 'I hu mat lu »»as liefen ed It »»'its resolved that Um Tr.ttlis hall ( tmneil he repres- eiited at u »»otknipii's ihilich seniee to he held on »StindtiY week, 'lite feiment in the» l'iesbjtenían Clnueh r utmin s in this i .ilillin (sins mu Ne»» Ynik toiiespnndi'iil wilting ou April li). 'Hu «illitb.mul ol Di «Mobilen, a pinfus mu m Hie Lihou '1 lipologieiil ¡sclllltiiu», lu a«.ntl tii.iI loi liuielicai utteianccs in his ' Hi-lo;», ot Chiisti.tml«, in the Apostolic A-« ' li is been lolloned b» the »»ithtlt >»» ti m Di Hillls, p.ihttn of Hem» Wnrtl Ikiilui's old «hinch in Hrooklvn, Horn the l'iisb»iei» ni Chungo, wheie he foimctl» b»td lb Killis iccentl« (lciioiiiu.il m his pulpit the tloctnne of foicoidiiintion ni tin Wiatuutibtei Coiiti'ssiiin, suing, 'I »«nulli Milieu shake ni) list III the late ol llie l'teinul, and fluu uvoiy vile epithet lo »Mini his nt ni lilra.M lluone, ««hem cleimtl uuiy MU with the woild» atoning hi vi ni lliiin lift mv limul willi thal und i »»ml (loti » Uirniu, muí ailinn Uni I t night 01 bebnvul it AMiemipoii mein li is of Hie (.luengo JVc-blteiv piote-teil nuil ho hil nghtvvn» icmgnctl Ins memhiu «?hil h n nig thal foi »em a lu lind s night I i j 101 lu i a i ev iHioii o! thin 'i i nil ei 11 ii th it, mm tentliK ot Hie nu min in ot tin i hurt h mid ii majuiilv of It» pantin h ii julel it, and thal his laith io the fund i mcuttil pttucipleK of ( luiHiauutt« «»as tumut thin i»ci «-nuée Ins i ernannt Ion sutinil II uninent I'lrnhvleiun pitKlom in New ^ ah Invo tcritilinl lu then ujeetiou of «hu «lui ti ino in (picbtion and have enllul I null» foi a new und minnie mud, fioiu wini li ii -hall be i\eliiiletl One of the UiiglilioiirillK I'lesli» te i ii h lum paused ii le i. ilution inking lot niieh n need ti ntl ¡I iniij hu thnt tho iovihIoii urdtied suei d venn ago li. tho gnu ia! ushUinhl), but de fined on account of til« Iiouhj pi ni cud nigs in Uki ense nf Vi Hugg«, min be ui «lend iigain und iiiiuid to loniplutiuu A minting of the eomnuttio foi Uki St \ intent'H HoHpituI ball was luid at tin lovvn hull vestiiilitY ni lu noon, Mt 1 it. gi niltl, M h ( , bung in thu elutii (lund ptogtess was lepoilul on nil hanlin, niul al Hail» a hugo miihIjii of tiekelH have bun «lispoHuil of 'lhu t at ei nig linn bun nu «lululieii li) Mi II Skinnci, and sunlit i will bu luid m thu ilinlngioom of tin vii tollu Collu 1'iiliiia Valions Indies lime ai langui eight lim al hi In, and ii no» eli) ».ill in a mu se a' mt m «asinino It »\as iliuibd tint «Innung should «oiiunoiue al hilf punt 8 mutend of I) o i look, ns ininti d n tin lliket* On I adv Miulilon h migg<_ lion it »Yu» dundeil to have «pulid sou foi dnhuluiitoH, und those deuinoiiH of joining thu,« nets an« loquiKlu! to oinnintiiuiiili with Mrs It l'ovvu and Mm \V J-oniiiiiil, till! 1)011 bX'ClO-t-tllB I lio Vit lot inn Hindu no Au-nuuilioii held ii smoko night" at Kuluin'« Calu last uvin nig Mi Ü (I Munni, I hu pi OHiilent, ou (iipicd tho chun and, dospitp the Iioih tuon« »»cathu, tliniv was u good nllend nnti A pioginmmo nt song music and lieilntton was innuigod by the httietan of tho nssocnition, »vlio »vas laigolv lospon sililo foi ii von on'ovnble o»ciiu>', s en tciluinmont Uno of the special teatmes of the piogianuue wa« t||o ox«allant pin) mg of tho on lustra composed a.ilusivclv of memheiH of the association V mun lui of ton.t. nue honoined anil tho health of siva al nicmhcis no»» "ming in South .Aliita »vim «bunk »nth enlliunianni Hie annual mcdill,, mid spend inimical evening ot tin Sneiulj |oi l'muition ol Ciueltv to Childi« n will lu bihl m Mil bom ne. I own hull on I hip. da», list insl His J \tilloni» hu lohn Madden will pu Hide mci tim I'luniu (Mi Vlltu \I Uim) mil llt-V Di He» lu will dihvei uliliisses Mil imisiiMl pi og) minne inilmlos ituiis bv Mi-ses Minmi »\ High I ouil Smiis, Cni|H llnnsi. Mi Puah C utoi, apil Mensts Wallu ]\|ilij, \V f. Mulei, C1 Cubba ?Ton] m, ,1 1) Noilh, uni Si deoigu s oiihnstii Mi \Ii\ Gunn will show Honie mino]) ninv unun itogiaphi pillules of tin V» it -dmi-siou is fin h\ ti(|.ot, obtain dil, fiom Hu henel.i), Ml \\\ li ( hill oh, l'i eil h buildings, cotuu of Col lins and (buen slieetn An i\\.iihtlii)ii of post ige st mips is to 1» held nu »intuida» next 2(11 li Hist at Old t oin L Mudlo lowu lull biuhbiig» Sv\ iii stop sliiet, ttiidu the itispiiri-ni Uti Piula tilu Souilv of \ li toi ii I hu object of tin nxhibition is lo iilolu ile tho julnli« of Um i-Mii of «liiupH in lins tobin», tud patiiin age lins huon gi anted to it li» Un Pual ill istel Oinei il lpten-sting ixhihiU bivi boon piomi-cil lw tin Po».t,i| dipaitiuent, tho Omeinniinl piintu and tin trusUis of Un Publie J ibini» ululo Dip munhois thumselvoH me ill doing then hist to miks nie oxinmtion ii bil.«.»,- _So «hiirge ol nil mi__ion is being uiadc bul (nicols must lu obtumed uthoi fiom the minibeis of tho cmnnutto« ni the lion ««eciaiirv, Jil 11 S Abraham, 2.3 Collup, Btruet Mxlboiiinc Olly |n__oiiff.is will lie u linltlci! on ! fiirtl Um VVlilloSlu itluiin.r Alr|t »»Ililli lpivis In llliv I i South Afrlci muí Mulou I'j-Hagi lickttu nuit I f i ro hiral nt ti u ipiiif,»» iy Hie entries for tim I-scndon j nillir», i» f, I'ige-on mu! C titury hociet« s Sito«» close I« night Hit Itev Or Strong licgs tn iicknmvlrilge »»ttli tlmnts ncDlpt of U/l/ fr« in It M S anil »/ (rom S\inpitlll for Sicitcll «yillctliir TOIUY'H AnHWdUMIJV'li Olil Wcsloy Coltegl ties' Ynntml Dinner Violin t Cud H |i in Working Ylen s College - Coneerr 8 pin lllMlltrH YM> IMI lirAINYUMS I'nnrrsm riieiitru- \Y I ut Happant it t) Innes B p ni I!« Ylnj st«, s ritcatro (Ub AlcvnmlrO -' Il M f> l'liiiiforc hy tile YViHiuiiison Opera Lninpan« s |) ni riifitrc Hojal -' llir I itliltr of 1 He 8 p in llijott llimtrc-Mr Han) llukartls s Cnmpaiij, S p ni Uhenrum hall -The War lij Uiograpli, a pin and S p in fmnperince lull -People s Concert hUMHY lor fatiirch Si-rvire- si« p»j,u 0 Meeting ni Uailwii. Ian|i|i..ia (laitlv Ihcatre 1 p in 