Aboriginal Burials. Peculiar Funeral Customs. Writing in the 'Freeman' the 'Flai.eur' gives some interesting particulars' of the burial customs of our darkies. Occasionally a body was bound with bark cords, the knees being drawn up to the chest and then placed between sheets of bark and buried with the feet al- ways to the west. Sometimes a man's weapons and belongings were interred with him. The bodies of married women were burned and the ashes carried about by the husband. The bodies of young children were rolled in bark, placed in hollow trees, and after a considerable time taken out and burned. Picaninnies killed on ac- count of tribal custom were either eaten or burnt at once. Sometimes on the death of a chief or great warrior the bones of the lower leg and forearm were taken out, the knees drawn up to the face, and the whole securely bound with strong vines or bark ; the body was then well smoked, dried, and con- stantly watched by relatives. After the body was dried, the friends and relatives assembled to the burning thereof and the ashes were placed in a dilly-bag, which was worn by the principal widow or first wife. She also bore about with her some of the bones extracted from the body prior to burning, the rest of these being preserved by the de- ceased's mother or his sister. The ' interesting young widow ' pecu- liar to the Caucasian race is an un- known party among the aboriginal brunettes, for the dusky dame has to assume a sorrow for her hus- band's death even though she feels it not, and to show it by her ap- pearance also. For about a year after her husband's death the dusky widow has to burn herself about the body at appointed periods and crop her hair, and make her self look a perfect fright in general. Consequently she is very careful of her dear spouse, and does all in her power to keep him alive as long as possible. There is no fun in being the widow of a ' Lord of the Soil.' At some obsequies the near rela- tives ate a small portion of the re- mains ' (roasted), but ceremonially, not as a dainty dish. The flesh of a healthy young woman was con- sidered the best, the palms of the hands being the choice portions. Another curious burial custom was that the nearest relative used the chest of a dead man for a pillow during the first night of his de- cease — which shows a healthy con- tempt for ghosts. Sometimes the body was placed on a bier of boughs and slowly roasted, the fe- male relatives taking turns to weep over the corpse and gash themselves with sharp stones. When ' cooked,' the body was skinned, rubbed with grease and red ochre and pegged out in a miamia with arms and legs extended. After drying, the re- mains were wrapped in bark, and preserved by relatives ; and, finally, after some months the body wars consumed outright by fire. 