THE EXPERIENCES OF A o MEDIUM. A materialising medium who is well known in spiritualistic circles is Madame D'Esperance, concerning whom " Light" has published some a account of the way iu which she began to know that the invisiblo world is as rel as that wLich is visible. In her case it seems indeed us if the P invisible world was at first the more real of the i two. From her infancy Madame D' speratce r dwelt among the spooks, seeing tLeuo moving in u and out among men and as human as her wn t parents. " So far as I know, the first real tLought 1 ever took in connection with these ropelicacee was when necessity arose for deining and sup arating them from theexperiences of the works. t day world ; when I came gradully to the un derstanodng that the world in which I epeut most of the day was not the same woild that the people round about me inhabited. The die cuvory did not trouble me. I fancy I was rather proud of being the sole proprietor ofa world to which my nurse and others of the wolkaday world had no entree ; where the people wete kinder and quainter. It was a wonderflul laud, sad I never tired of relating its omavels and beauties, till one day I was told that I was old enough to leave off romancing and weaving ab surd satries. "It took mesome timeto understand that oiy stornis were not believed, but when I did my in dignation was boundless. I learned, however, at lst that tht ierere e some things it is as well not to talk about to everyone; no I gradually left ofl tlanslatlog the voices of the pinim or the a songs of the birdr, which nobody believed, , r only called romanning-- word which I grew ;o I hate. "' To compenstc for this Itook much more comfort n nmy human (?) companions, who in hablted what I call my i shadow' la?d, though they were anything but shadows to me. They were always kind. If I passed them on the stairs, or in the old-fashioned rooms, they greeted me with friendly smiles. They seemed to like to have me watching them as they moved about, and this I often did. Sometimes strangers came, but for the most part I grew to t recoguise them all, and loved them dearly. " One old lady who frequently occupied a roat near the chimecy corner attracted me; she looked so sweet and gentle in the quaint white head-dress and Ice fichu she wure, as she sat with swifly moving lingers under which a stocking was always being formed. The rision fascioated me as I observed, time after time, how the deft fingers manipulated the yaru sod the glitterlng needles, till the idea came to oile that I might learn Low to knit from watching t her. I teased my nurso to supply me with the necessary materials, and then tried hard to imitate the movt ments of my shadow friend. " They said our houe.e was haunted, and gruesome stories were told of the ghosts who perambulated in many empty rooms. I was horribly afraid of ghoets. I didn't know whiat they were, but all the same. I was afraid of them ; afraid to move from one room to an other without my shadow Irirnds for company ; afraid to be left alone in bed unle-s I saw the friendly face or smile of one of them, and felt certain they would protect me front the dreaded ghosts. With thema knew no tear; dark rooms had no terrors for me. I would spend hours in the haunted rooms, content to know that my shadow friends were an all emilicient proteettou against the ghosts ; but without, them I was the veriest coward. This eammiog incuositcn.cy gained for me the repu tation of being queer.' " '"Madiamoe'Etperance had her ears boxed for describing the old lady from shadowland who knitted so quickly in the chimney corner. But she got over that. What tilled her child soul with hoiror was the assurance giren l.er by the doctor " that other peop!e see tho-e things, but they are mad. From that moment she shuddered with dread whenever she saw them, believing each apparition was a proof that ber reason was going. At last, to her great de light, she found that they apipeared buta ellou anld almost entirely vanished. "When at schoolMladauioo Dl seperance had a very curious experience. She had to slite an essay on Nature. " My attempts at writing only resulted in wanted paper, herdachcr, or miaerable tears at my non-success, I began to dtspair of ver pro ducing a readable scrtence. Every morninlg I rose with the determination to write sometling before night, and each night I went to bed rt salved to keep awake to think out sometLing before morning; but thoughts would lot come -neither in the daylight nor in the night. " At last, when it had reached to within three days of the a'lotted time and I had still done nothing, I was driven to my knees and prayed long and earnestly that God aould send me thoughts. When I went to bel that night I took with me candlec. paper, and pencils, it, tending, when the other girls were aslet,, to light my candles and begin to write; but, alas for me, they would not lot me have a light, and, in despair. I cried myself to sleep. * Next morning, when miserably gathering up the scattered sheeti of paper from the floor where they had fal'eu, I`discovered that they were covered by closely-writllen lines, which turned out-to be a charming, well-thought-out eessy. This, afterr due cousidecratin, 1 was al lowed to send in as my work, the handwriting being unmistakably my own, though the idea, were clearly from a wiser and older head. " My story of huow I had prayed for thoughts to be ctven to me, together with my own som nambulic propensities, was accepted as the pro bable explanation of the otherwise mysterious occurrence-. " Some years later, when I had exchanged the busy, occupied life of eldest daughter in a large family for that of a young wife who for several hours a day was left to her own com pany. I was horrined to Ond tLe shadow people reappear, and I beran to be tormented by the old fear of a diseased brain. I never spoke of these strange visions. I wis too much anlraid uf people thinking me mad ; but the weary secret was a torture to me." Then MIadame D'Esperance began to hear about spiritualism. She scoffed at first, but was soon couvinced, and agreat peace and rest come to her. She got automatic writing and then she beban to sketch the portrait of the shadow people. " Theno were generally done in the dark, as I found that the darkness acted aa hbak ground, throwing into strong relief every small detail of the figure I tried to sketch. At first I was as much surprised as ansbody to find I had actually succeeded in making a tolirably accu rate drawing uhder such conditions. I did not understand how I did it; all I knew was that to meit wa not dark. Most of the poittaits o drawn were identified aon claimed by the friends of the portrayed person, so that out of some hundreddtrawnu I ouly relaiun a half-dozen or so which were not rerognlisea." After eoperiment. for Live or six years, they began to experiment for malcterialisation. At the fourth sitting :- ' Those sitting outside the cabiuet declared that they saw a hand, then a face, appear bhe toeen the openings of the curtains. I (sitting in the darkness) saw nothing, and was drs tinctly incredulous. 1 went outside the curtaius to Laveo a look. but found to omy dismay that my limbs would hardly bear me. I did see a face, but aorLioto my chair immeditelfy, feel ing strangely weak and powerless; and a sort of far-away-frnm-cvt-eybody sensation fright ened me very much. While in the cabinet 1 Ad in rmark of the paople oqtnidn diu tinctly, though they stemed to hbe pakiong miles away. They were talking to tLe Ot.er of the face I had sceu, iusiting him to ccee out, but he declined cc the scoreod lbeing ngo clothes. 1" During the interval bet we ,n that evel.ing and tor next mle.inog, my til?de, Mrs. F , and I manulactured sllan gl rentic out of .ncIe old crnes which we il;teoded to Il:-cc at the dis posl of our terac ge vi-italt sLouhl ie come uagat. A gUlllllt 'wa tk1t to tlhe ssnesce morno and h;g upt within the chabiet, ready for use whel tihe :witl caret. ie did come, and etxaiuoel the grtrt at citicitlly, but was cvi Intlly lol to pillaseid ill itI. wse were, for hA rt IlhI it cti ael ths w it out into the room ; atler?; rs te,;:in out hliellrlf fully clothe d inl a robe of I tre r, liner, t and mt:regracelul fashion th-iu that which we had Iplovder . This was the be,- in;l of a-to iell--inew phase o rmi diuom shit:, and, curiotsly , rough, the ome it was cultlvate the lot(e ,lllficult it became to obtlain lay ,other kind of phtecomna., sh.tiuogtLat the one 'lhaie wIa,s cultivaled at the expense of tie other." In: a ook written by 3i. Ak:akoff, " A case ofl partial dIrtatetatli-otitu (-f a metdium body, a d.itastte . ac?cOult alpeals of a mlateriali ing esenlcs g?icll iv Madam:e iL'l:Estrance t Iel ielfos i., Dec., 1893, at theurgentletluest of p:ii:tu-li.ts of htgh bcial. satning. Ina uol?stqellnt letter t,, 3!. Akuakell, Mladume D'tfpe.nce ,(ac:e ., "'LThe Ie.-l.ehr thing about this sauc eoou iot to the ,tdi.tippearance of half my body. which I oily four.tl ut by accide nr. My bead, or rather the t ape of cly nerk, was giiing me a cgod l?al e ep .in. and I cossed my bhands be hldl lily Lead to supoltrt it, which reemed to reli?ee t:e. 1.y orms got tired in that p?eitiono, acll, wist.li to rest Item on my knes. I found it -cc my ls gs eret gone, and that roy hands, r .?ad o t etrve" on mcoy hknes, were on the e.air. ThatL Itrigierud me a little, soand I wished to knlo, wLether it was true, arif I was dream ing. Th(re was li4ht ecough, so I coald tLo attreation o the person siliug nxt me to the strange thing : he exmined the chair, and so did four of the others, nsu they all declared it cas true, and that only the uplper part of my body wac really there. The chair had only my drees ou it ; nlyar:ns,asi ouldets, and chest were in the prupcr place above the chair., I could sclek, emove my arms and Lread, drink water, ani even feel my legs and. feet, althnugb they were not there. During all Ibis time tho forms came and went, but they ouly showed themselves ; hands of different shapes and sizes touched those who were enest the cabinet. I think it must have cot tilntud ant hour from the time I first dis coic'edl my stracge condition, which was long enough to verify it, and quite long enough for me, who dill not know if ever I would get back my legs andl h able to go hooie, a doubt that made me hervous." I3. Aksakoff anld etheher itte rrocr borate thLe etire truthfult?ss of the foregoing state ment. and the former thinks that partial demn teriali ation lmay be a far more frequeut phe namenone than is at all suspected. This ex I" it:nee went to confirm his theory about the fouree from which the " spirits " draw the sub stance for their materitlisations. That theory is that there are thbie degrees of materialisa tion. lu the first degree, we have * invisible materia;lattoni "-invisible to the multitude, but not to the clarvoyant. In the second deiree we have thle visible and t?snoble materialisation of hands, faces, and other parts of the body. In the third degree we have full forms. In all cases the matter must come from somewhere, antd Ml. Aksakoff believes it comes from the mlediumll. A peculiarity of Madame D'Esperaece's me diumahipi is said to be that by a bargain with the pirits, she never gabs into a trauce, and hl ways site oautido the cabinet, and, although she becoueeo passive to the point of indifferenuce, she always knotws ll that goes on. 