Young Women's Chris- tian Association. Laying Foundation Stone of "Home of Rest" at Bowral. A Successful Function. ON Wednesday afternoon the foundation stone of the new "Home of Rest" was laid by Miss French, President of the Bowral branch, in the presence of a large and fashionable assemblage. There must have been fully 200 persons present. The weather was all that could be desired, and was all the more ap- preciated in that it succeeded a week of gloomy wea- ther. The sun shone brilliantly without being too hot, enabling aged and feeble persons the opportune- ity of witnessing the ceremony who would other- wise have been debarred from so doing. The site for the new "Home of Rest" is Ben- dooley-street, opposite the Town Hall. In 1894 two detached cottages were purchased by the local branch for £480. That debt has been wiped off, the older of the cottages has recently been demolished, and in its place the new home is being erected at a cost of about £700, the contractor being Mr. W. Noller of Sydney. Plans were prepared by Mr. Cyril Blacket for a brick two-storied building of eight rooms. The foundation-stone is placed imme- diately under the window in front of the building. It thus ocoupies a prominont position, being visiblo for all time from the street. A feBtoon of national (lags was stretched across tlio street to tlio Town Hull, and larger ilaga were placed in tho vicinity of the new building; altoge ther prosonting a goy appearance. Tho arrange ment of tho flags was in the capable hands of Airs. C. Waters and MrB. H, E. Wicliham, assistod by Miss Duprez, Messrs. S. W. Hodge and A. W. Beor. A platform had been erected on tho front part of the foundation, and on tbis platform were assembled the . committee and members of the Y.W.G.A., members of the ilutyior branch, the choir and organ; and oth orn who wero to take part in the ceremony. M m Morgan was the organist. Amongst thoto present wero noticed-Miss French (Sydney), Mr>«. O. \V. Marsilen, Mrs. Stan^er Jjeatlies, Mrs. and Miss G. J. Boyle, Dr.' and Mrs. Middloton (Mittiigong), Mr. and Mrs. Augustus Hill;" Miss Hill, Miss Adkins, Miss Mnrcin Osborne. Mrs. Whytt, Misses Honey Jones; Mrs. J. M. Gliristie, Mrs, A. Stephens (Mayoress), Mis-es Stanley ' How ard, Mrs. and Miss Jtandolph Noit, Mrs. and Miss It. S. Mackenzie, Mrs VV. Jones, Mrs. Dr. Vullaek, Mrs. T. A. Beddall, Miss Evans, Mrs. IT. IS. Southoy, Mrs. Newby-Fraser, Miss Bedweil. Miss Wallace, Mrs. Wylie (Summer Hill), Miases Monk, Mrs. .Newton, Mrs. I). Rutherford, Misses Morgan, Mrs. W. Beer, Mrs. Ebb. Bavin, Miss Kyngiloii, Mrs. Gavin Goorge, Mis. T." VI. Keigwiu, Mis. Shaw (Syd ney), /lira. if. Vallack (Sydney), Mrs. C. Waters (Mittagonp), Miss Heed, Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Wick 1mm, Mrs. WhUemiw, Mrs. and Miss S.vmons(Mary Vale), Mrs. and Miss Duprez, Mrs. G. Shepp.ard (Berrima), Miss Ilennie (hon. sec. of Sydney Y. \V. 0.A.), and many others.' Dr. Fiehor, in opening tho proceedings, said that it afforded him pleasure to bo present, and to see such « lnr, o and representative assembly gnlhered to svitness tbe interesting ceremony. The occasion was a rare one, for it was several years sinco the foundation stone of a public building was laid in Bowral. Those who had seen the plan of the edifice agreed that it wo.uld be an ornament to the street, and the town- ".He thought its situation an appro priate one. In that street they had tho main public buildings of Bowral :-the Court House, represent ing the majesty of tlio law ; the Town Ha I 1, repre senting municipal order ; the Sohool of Arts, repre senting literature and art'; the Churches, represent ing religion ; and the Publia School, representing education. Law and literature, religion and educa- j tion were all main factors of modern civilization ; and now they were addiug a new building represent ing philanthropy in its highest senso-Christian philanthropy. The work of the Association was un sectariaii, its sphere was above tho clashings of the creeda, or tho differences of sects. The new building was to be a Homo of Beat. In the strain and stress of modern competition the struggle for existence pressed hardly on women who had to earn a livelihood, of whom there wero thou sands in Sydney and N. S. Wales. Among these toi'e's-such as shopgirls, teachers, seamstresses, and others-there were many who had to leave the ratiweary and worn, and to such as these was offered tho Home of Rest, where they could recuper ate and regain health and strength. Sinco other , speakers could inform them better than he could bri the methods and aims of tho Y.W.C.A. hQ woul^ not further enlarge on tho topic, . V A hymn commencing "Saviour, blessed Saviour, j listen while we sing," was now sang, and prayer offered by tho Kev. W. Newby-Fraser. (Qhurcji^of, England}. . ' . " Mrs. \Y. M. uatts was tnen caueu upon tor nn ad dress. As we stated in a late issue, Mrs. Oatts is a datiRhtor of the la.te well-known Dr. Bonar of Glasgow, ia a gifted singer, and with Mr. Oatts is visiting the colonies in the interests of the Young. Men's and Young Women's Christian Associations, to whioli they devote much ofiirap'in their own city' oX Glasgow. Mrs. Oatts said she had very peculiar \ pleasure in being present, representing as she did the world's committee of tho Association. The Y.W.C.A. was not of any colonial limitations, hut was spreading all oyer the wcrld. It had more than 3000 branchen, comprising 1GO.OOO members. In Bowral she was glad to Bee a very large Association, !and conveyed to its members tho sympathy of the . head committee ia the world, praying that much blessing may rest upon the. new Home when erected. The object tlia Association had in view was the well, being of all ranks and classes of young women. Many earnest persons had devoted nil their time and inter ests, to the Association, which,had'been, under God, an incalculable blessing to very many girls, of all -.olasBes. Mrs. Oalta concluded a feeling address by an earnest wish that increased success may atttnd the Bowral branoh in its new home. Mr. D. Rutherford said it was his pleasing duty to ask Miss French, as tho worthy President of the Bowral branch, to lay the foundation stone. De ferring to the finances, Sir. liutherford said that the old debt of £-180, incurred in purchasing the two cottages, had been paid off-thanks to the committee and to all who had subscribed thereto. The old debt was dead ; but from its nshes- Phoenix like had risen another debt that was bigger and bqcter than the last. (Laughter and appjause.) But he hoped this debt would not. last as long us the oid one Had. (Hear, hear.) It had become necessary to enlarge the building to enable the committee to meet its larger responsibilities. The new building was to cost somo £700, lent by two friends: £200 being lent free of interest, and £500 with interest. They must understand that the whole amount had to be repaid.. An idea had got about that tho Y.W.O.A. did not need money, but they did. All prenent felt that tljo committee had made a forward move in their prcBont undertaking, and Mr. Itntherford ap pealed to all to co-operate with them in their offort to wipo off the debt. The contractor had provided a large stone, large enough to hold all their gifts. He had much pleasure in calling upon Miss French to lay the stone. Miss French stepped forward amid applause, and y'as propcntcd wiiii a trowel and raallef. The stone was then lowered into position by tho contractor. In a cavity in the brickwork under the atone was placed a bottle containing tho following documents: -12th annual report, Y.W.G.A. Almanack, pro gramme of ceremony of laying foundation-stone, copy of Just " Bowral Frco Press," and some coins. Miss French then said in (in impreaBivo njanner : " I lay this stone as tho foundation stono of this new Homo of Host, proying that tho blessing of God the Father, the Son, and Holy Ghost may ever rest upon it." She expressed tho very great pleaniiro it afforded her to bo present. They all built castlcs in the air, but a homo was better than a castle, pnd she trusted that thin new structure may indeed bo ft homo of rest to very many Rirls. The contract was for brick, but Mr. Nolter (tho contractor) had kind ly presented tho iitono in order that tho ceremony may bo more complete (applause). Tho stono had been prepared by Mr. Dunwoodfo, and was from Bundanoon quarries; A photo having been taken of the ceremony by Mr. E. Mason, the people's gifts were placed upon the stone to the amount of £60 16s 8d. The singing of a hymn (composed expressly for tho occasion by Mrs. Dovoy, of tho Sydney Com mittee) and tho pronouncement of tho benediction by tho Bev, A. W, Partou (Primitivo Methodist) terminated the afternoon's proceedings. 