HUMOROUS. i I -« A CAPITAL STOBY. ' Nandewar' relates the following in ' The A. Pi Review.' The capital of the . Pilbarra' tells a capital story bearing on the degener- ation of the merchant seaton, who, nowa- days, in steam, finds little more required of him than of a muscular housemaid, i.e., the ability to scrub, polis-h, and sweep. When in command of the ' Barcoo' on one occasion the steam Bteeriug-gear broke down, and a hand was called to the ordinary wheel aft, near which Captain Banks and one of his passengers were standing. The newcomer shuffled along, and took hold of the wheel as if he meant business, but in another minnte the ' Barcoo' was ' all over the shop.' Now, then, my man,' said the fkipper, 'mind your helm, or you'll have ns shaping for South America instead of for Brisbane.' Another wind yaw, as the ' Barcoo' came ronnd and tried to Bee her Btern, was tbe reply to this. Then the skipper, losing his temptr shouted,4 What's the matter? Who the blazes are you V ' Please sir,' oame the answer, in a half- whimper, ' I'm a cabman.' 'But, putin the passenger (Mr. A.A.Dan gar, »ho knows something of sea mattere), ' where did you get a discharge V 4 Bought one fer a bob, sir, replied the Jehu, ' They tell me as any feller was good enuff for a sylor these times, so I reckoned the six quid a month wos better'n nothin', and took the perfeseion on. An' I'd ha' got through all right 'oept fer this bloomin' wheel affair.' The latest trne fishing story. A promising young barrister, mach indebted for his éducation to an energetic angling Scottish grandfather, accustomed to dressing his own hooks, bethought him of taking to Sootland aa a present the best bcok of flies which money could purohase in London. They were beauties. The old man looked as them with admiration, but pnt them away with a sigh, observing, ' Na na 1 I oonldn't fuBh wi' them. The troot in the Wastwater a' ken rae by thia time. I'll jaist fish wi' may ain flees. A contributor to the Melbourne Xeader write*, ' Ours is a Presbyterian Church, and the minister being away for a holiday, the pulpit was supplied for the time by other clergymen. One of these, after the servie* thought he woulJ gauge the effect of hw discourse by the opinion of that fair indes of public feeling, John, ' the minister's man. ' Well, John, did yon like my sermon ?' ' I did, air.' ' It wasn't too long, I hope ?' No.' Waa it too short, did you think.' ' No, sir, it was just aboot rieht ' ' Well, now John, I'm glad of that, for to tell yon a secret, when I was writing that sermon, a favorite Collie dog of miae bolted away with half a dozen folios and I hadn't time to supply their place, so I was afraid the sermon would be too short.' Eb, man, is that a fact. I Fay, wnd you mind saving yin o' that dowg' pups for oor minister.' j Mudge-'It ia an awful thing to realise yon have made an egregious ass of yourself isn't it;' -, Tabsley-. Ain't yon used to it, yet ?' Tommy-' Say. ais, wish I waa an Injun.' I Bess-' Why, Tommy?' j Tommy-1 'Cause then my face wonld be i BO red ma could never see any jam on it.' Mistress- ' Bridget, do yon know what my husband will say when he Suda that jon have broken bis finest meerschaum pipe?' .Maid (crossing herself)-. I do, mom !' ' I saw miss Gabbie talking to yon this morning, I don't suppose Bhe gave yon eo much as a chance to open yon month.' .Oh, yes. I yawned quite frequently ; she couldn't prevent that.' ' Misa Bright,' said the young man whose speech was not altogether polished, ' kin I see yer home?' . . Certainly,' she replied, ' yon can Bee it most anytime you pasB that way. ' What are the last teeth that come ?' ask- ed a school teaoher of her class in physiol- ogy. ' False teeth, mum,' replied a boy, who had just wakened on the back seat. Madge-' Another of those swindling beggars. He said he was blind, and asked for . a penny, beautiful lady.' Rose-' Well, I dare say he was blind.' All that man wanta here below ia a little more than he's got. The man JB usually in the right who owns himself in the wrong. Many a^nan is willing! to die for his country, bupbe wants to fix a date for him- self. Kitty : ' My husband's sight waa poor before I married him.' Chrissie : ' I thought BO.' '^"Willie "Wimples : ' Will yon love me when I am gone ?' Daisy Dimples :/ Yes, indeed, if you'll go now.' ' .How many boarders does Mrs. Proona take in. thia summer ?' asked Skidds. * All of them,' replied äpudds. Prisoner: ' If your Honor will allow me a little time to think loan prove my inno- cence.' Magistrate : ' All right ; take thirty daye.' * 1 suppose.' he said, as they undulated ronnd the hall, ' that my mother would be awfully worried if she knew I waa here. She thinks it is a terrible thing to dance.' j * Oh, never mind,' the girl said, ' Bhé j wouldn't know yon were dancing, even if | ehe saw you.' Ikey : ' Please, farder, give me a half penny for ice cream I am BO hot ?' Father : 1 Ikey, mein ahon, dot ia a vaistof morey I will tell yon a fine ghost Btory dat will make your blood run cold.' A school-teacher, lately put the question : 'What ia the highest form of animal life?' "The girafie,' responded a bright member of the class. . ' Piisoner, Vax sorry to see' yott here again, said the magistrate ; ' what brings yon here?' Prisoner: 'Two policemen, yer honour.' ' Drunk as usual, 1 suppose?' Prisoner : Yes, yer honour, both of 'nm. Tommy : ' Can yon swim, Mr. Softsoap ?' Mr. SoftEOap : * No Tommy, I'm Börry to say.I can't swim.' Tommy: 'Then you had better learn. I heard Clara say that she was going to throw you overboard.' ' It's thrue, Avie 1' says a lover ' it is a great comfort to be alon?, especially when yer sweetheart ia wid ye !' The Doctor : - As to that placa at the back of your neck. I don't think there's any danger, but'you would do well to keep an eye upon it. The night before the Royal Dublins left for the Transvaal, there was a good deal of noise in one of the barrack-roome. The Sergeant Major (an Irishman,'of course) who slept just off the room in which the shooting and singing waa poing on, opened his door, and in a stentorian voice calle! ont:-' Stop that noise 1' The tumult ijn mediately ceased. Amid the death-like silence which followed, his Hibernian and clarion-like voice rang ont once more: ?See here, I'll have nothing but silence, and very little of than 1' An old Irishwoman, who kept a fruit stall, had some water melons given to her, which she exposed for sale. A smart Yan- kee withing td * take a rise' out of the old lady took up one of the melons and said: 'Those are small apples you grow over here. In America we have them twice the size.' The woman slowly moved the pipe Bhe was amokicg from between her lips, and coolly eur ve j ed her inquirer from head tb foot for a second or two. Then in a tone of pity she exclaimed:--* Be jabers, sir. yon must be a Etranger in Ireland, and know very little about the fruit of our country, when yon can't tell appleB from gooseberries 1' 