SALVATION BY WORKS. By Walter C. Smith, D.D., LL.I Work out your own salvation with feai an-l trembling; for it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do, of His good pleasure. — PhiHppians ii.,'12, 13. There are three things calling for notice in this passage: — (1) There is the exliorta tion, 'Work out your own salvation;' (2) tfhere is the encouragement to do chjs, ''For it is God that wbrketh in you both to will and to do;' and (3) there is the direction as to the manner of work ing, 'Work out your own salvation with fear and tremlbling.' FirJst' of all, then, the apostle exhorts ue, as' he exhorted the PhiHppians, to workout our own salvation. .Now, there is a sense, and a very weighty ? one, an which: salvation as no work o.f ours at all, but simply a free gift of God, through Jesus Christ our Lord. For we have sinned, and the very first requisite for sal vation is that our sin should be for given. Yet there is nothing that. we can do to secure that forgiveness. We can not atone for any wrong that we Jiave done by doing afterwards what we ought to do* You can never wipe off an old debyt by subsequently paying faithfully from day to day what from day to day is due. If I have erred to-day it will not mend matters that I keep right to-morrow. That is only what I ought to do, and the thing that I ought not to bave done re mains still to be reckoned with. Pardon, then, is not a thing we can at all work out for ourselves. Mercy and merit are directly opposite ideas. Salvation, therefore, in that sense is purely by grace, not by an^ works of righteousness that we have done or can do, and that thought should ever lie deep in every man's heart. But then salvation is much more than forgiveness. A criminal might obtain par don through the clemency of his sovereign, so that the law he has broken shall not exact its penalty from him at any time. But if he just return to his old evil way's, and is as much as-'ever enslaved to the pas sions and -the cravings that made a crimi nal of him, we would not say that such a man was saved.* On the contrary, he isv as much lost as ever, and unless lie begins to mend his ways and lead a new life, he is a far from salvation as ever as he was. Now, nobody can do- thjs thing for him; he must do it for himself. He' must begin to work out deliverance from that powjer of evil. He must begin that earnestly, and work it out for himself. Our salvation in its larger sense is not a free gift, but is partly the fruit of our o'vyn labor. It is not enough that we are justified through faith, unless we are. .also freed from the evil tendencies and habits and passisns n xiiuii uit, a^Lt:i an, tiie jjiupei luiu 01 our souls. Thus regarded, salvation must be wrought out by us, not merely for us. For this par't of it our co-operation is just as necessary as God's grace, and, therafore, it ife that the apostle calls us here to work Out our salvation. Now, people seem to me often to think t'liat because they, cannot be justified by their -own good works, therefore they have, in fact, 'little or nothing to do in the whole matter. They may not openly say that; they may have been too well instructed for that; yet the listless inac-. tivity of much of our religious life proves only too clearly that there are many -who look on the great business of salvation as if it were not properly' any business of theirs. Therefor^ the apostle's exhorta-? tion here is of weight to one and , all of us, as it reminds us that salvation, like everything else worth having, . is only to be got Jby- the labor of a man's life, and the- sweat, as it were, of his soul. To be fellow-heirs with Christ we must, needs be fellow- workers with him too. A list less Christianity, a lukewarm religion, a piety that makes no effort to grow, ari indolent, indifferent godliness, . . that is wholly inconsistent with the spirit of the Gospel of Christ. True faith ijs in its very essence, a life of struggle, ;a sore travail, a ceaseless conflict^ Bo it is described once and again in the Bible as a warfare, and if ther-e is ? any business in the world which must -be done with all one's might if it is to be 'done at all, it is just- that business of fighting. The soldier, who trifles at his work, shall get nothing thereby ^ut disgrace and ruin. He shall never secure the ends of his -warfare without toil and hardship, and forced marches, and night watches, and frequent privations, ; apd terrible conflicts which strain ail 7iis powers' to their very highest point. That, everyone knows, is the ne cessity of a warfare upon earth. And yet, how many so-called soldiers of Christ are going on as if (Jhristiapity was a system of salvatiori-made-easv. They are satisfied with their o4hode3f .creeds, ., got 'without muijh trouble;:., pi-' jtjij'nlcingi or -with the cojgely forms of worship receivediby, tradi tion irom: their fathers; but bhejt!niake lit tlei-;or no^effoM to -deny Un|}oalmess -and worldly' 3u.st,*,- and,' ijo -lay. asiqOt.^b/eaet'ting 'sirfe r or' to' 'be iconiorined unto:;Ohrist. ?What!,-,ciMi ' ay*; ;s4'y,i,of a' religion like/that,, which is no wise' seeking to work out-salva-. tion.?. .'It-.istas- mete' pious indolence, which ljnakes no goo^^igfati therefore wins'n6 vic tory, ;--irnd-'H!hfefefpTe'vj|alvation is. nQ., nearer- ijc£it tha'iOl eyjjp* $fav Alae, thWfijiyqne; ^&uiT4;'1:huf daAV^:'^o.ugh^/«^bi^«or. thing,'1! re^istj»ig'.^no^hing, ?acfniaving.ino- .thingy-*fitrfij^gwisiiii3g»iJrio -:.^ood ' ,tuinfl£v^buv-' oir a- raft 'of'nieagre' perfdnnances aiid feeble beliefs, till the dread realities of eternity, roll one day into view, and remind him with a terrible force bhat it is not in that way he must work out salvation. NO 'RELIGION MADE EASY.' I pray y-ni, lay this well- to heart. Re demption had to be wrought out for us, yet .JBlvft'tiatt'-has still to be~wtojught out DyUsT ''Tletifeiow made -easy, therefore,- -is a mere impossibility. And if you think what you are? and what you have to be, you will readily see how impossible it is. Just look,, each of us, into onriewn hearts, — look, and tell ljie is it easy to cast down its' vain imaginations, its proud self reliance, and to humble its self-sufficiency, and become as a little child, and through sorrow ,and darkness to hold fast to your confidence in God? If you find that easy, you are the first Christian I ever heard of who had not to wrestle with an evil heart of 'unbelief. Consider, too, the force of evil habits that have laid hold upon' yon, and me, and the worldly influences that surround us, and the envies^ and the selfishness, and the enmities which so often assa.il us. Do you find it easy to break these old bonds, and to set your affections upon the unseen and eternal things, to be truly spiritually minded with all these carnal forces tug ging at your soul? Do you find that that costs you no trouble.' Again, you are the first Christian 1 ever heard of who never groaned to De delivered, and struggled, to be delivered, from the- flesh and from the world. ; CASTING OFF AND PUTTING ON. Moreover, salvation is a very great thought. It is not merely deliverance from temptation; nay, it is not merely deliverance from wickedness, but it is to cast off tall that is little and poor and mean, and to. put on the feme noWeness of God's children, thinking ever wnat is 'wise and good, doing ever what is pure and lovely and generous. And can you imagine that it is easy for us, being such as we are, to attain to that pitch of a holy and beautiful life — to be meek and merciful, and bumble, and generous, and brave, and true, (and ipure; to Jove the Lord with all our hearts and to love our neighbor as Christ loved us? Na-, that is no easy matter, as you will find the moment you beerin to try. There is watchfulness, and loupr patience, and faithfunilness with yourself, and self-denial, and a crucifying of the fiesh with its affections and lusts, and a rooting up of evil habits even should our own bleeding hearts be at the root. Believe me, saints are not manufactured by Sabbaths and ceremonies and sacraments without pains and griefs and labors and Treat fights with affliction.* Christ has made salvation possible for us, but He has not made it easy. It was not otherwise passible, but He has now made it jxissi ble but 'not easy. He has cast, as it were, a rope to shipwrecked souls that were vainly buffeting' with the breakers and blinded with the spray, and benumbed, and. ready to perish. We could never have made any way without ithat help, wounded and battered as we were; but now all may be well, for He is near us anj1 He is able to save us; only there still needs effort on our part, as well as on His, were it only to hold fast by the cord of life, and to watch the sharp rocks and otiier perils that lie in our way. That effort, however, is required just as really as the help is held out. The door is open, but it is still a strait gate, and we must cf-Ttv*i tn fln|-pr in l^hprnal lifp -mav V»p laid hold of, Out we must fight the good fight that we may lay hold of it. Therefore, if our religion gives us no anxiety, if it calls for no strenuous struggle, if it is not watchful, if it is not prayerful, if it is not busy in works of -faith and labors of love, then 1 fear me it is a religion much too comfortable to be real; easy for flesh and blood, but nowise likely to change us from glory to glory into the likeness of Christ.' Therefore, .let us be up and doing, giving all diligence to work out our salvation. f THE ENCOURAGING MOTIVE. Secondly, let me ask you to note the encouragement given to us to engage in this work — 'For it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of His good measure.' I have called tu)s an encourag ing motive, and I am very sure that Paul meant it to be so, and also that rightly understood it is one of the most cheering and hopeful words within the volume of t'he book. Yet there is no denying that it has often been a source of no small perplexity and trouble of mind, for it has been frequently read as if this were what it means: — 'Work out your own salva tion, but remember at the same time that you can do nothing, and will doijiothing, lor that end unless God first of all work in you 'both to will and to do it, and this He' does solely of His own good pleasure.' Now I do not wonder that when it is so understood it becomes a source of per plexity and trouble. Observe, I do not question the soundness of the doctrine; I only say it is sound doctrine, but not at all to be quoted; for the argument does not hang together if you tell a man to work, but that he cannot work unless God first qf all work in him, which He does solely: qn His own good pleasure. That really appears to be an incompre hensible position of reason, and Paul, though sometimes difficult, never is ? un reasonable. Yet the motive given on this view appears of all others the one least likely- to secure his object. Such a method of dealing with reasonable sbuls would be- to my mind altogether incom prehensible. Note, however, that ibis is not a matter of doctrine, bu't only- of interpretation. I doubt not that God must work in us all if we are ever to work to any . purpose. I question not that we all need the quickening, purify ing operation of the Divine Spirit ? in order to take one step in working, out salvation,- ?? That lies a't the root oF'all sound theology and .of all vital religion. I pity the' man who thinks to become godli'ke without God's help, which . none ever was or ever shall be.. Yet I can not for a - moment believe that .Paul caljed the PhiHppians to work (because'. it was first of all .necessary that God. should work in them. But the import and the beauty and the comfort of this word will appear at a glance when you -see that1 what the ' apostle' really says is— -'' Wtfrk out. your. 'oHvp salsa tion, ior ;God .'ist wjftrij \- ibjB'jri' youf tioth jio-w'ill and .to., dp }m njjis ^goodiwUl to ydu.v'.£ JSTbne. . wno,-ikn«WB Greek -yill question that this is '-t?he:on?v ? translation,* ; 'in t His good'wiH, to you.*'. fliiitris the;only;,n|g|inipg ^vhJbJfijbhe.T.pjEcsJ-. s'age, will; -reallj^^^ear, arid when1 it is' tjhus ,re'ad '.'.th^aixgmgn^- at once, ^becomes . clea'J,viau3- ?$»«? '?PeHiwxi'ty- at. Ance.f gives 'jjjl'aoe to a-'tfea'lsn^pf-;*elief and' goad- hope. 'That ^God -.must -rieeds Vork- 'in ''us ? is -'Si ? fie '/tkketi; for' ^gravnjed, tjjfit'-''.'.^^^^ ; 3-^jf|ilCHe4;Sr*lffirig.'r--v*^. '.#£. j^-fj, \Jiif,,'., ese ^re^twavjireEy djffeTent».iwiings»' Mieafirsfca BtateJnbafr i&;- parbofj;*nfe'«r»at-;; festetfy'-in ^hidi-aH^the'-relatibias^Sitn^ about 'which Tnen' have always~i.e1d'idnii:1 dispute, coming to jUb end. But the second settlement, that He is working in us, is part of .the Gospel j the good news of God, the glad tidings of great joy to , all mankind. For this is virtually what Paul says;— 'Work out your salvation, for now the great impossibility has .be come possible since God is working, in you. TlieTfe i£ ritf 1ibp-JeE6 task to' whrt?h I am calling you, no ' fruitless beating' of the air, no idle effort of the Ethiopian to change his skin or the leopard his spots. TJ^e Lord 'is working in you, lor tie is mieKty aad He will save. Wlia?ev-jr im pulse you feel, whatever goodwnl, to this work, look upon that as a token of His presence and of His readiness to^help you fti it. That is God working in you both to will it and to do at.' Are you, for instance, feeling the empti ness, the unsatisfactoriness of -this pre sent world, its vanities, and its vexa tions? 'I 'hat is God working in you to turn you away from its empty broken -ici sterns. Are you cast down with a deep sense of your sin and unworthiness? That is God working in you to give you a broken and contrite heart, which is His accepted sac rifice. Are you touched with some anxiety for the weal o-f your immortal eoul? That, too, is God working in you to give you a true idea of its high worth and ite destiny. Are you feeling your own weakness and full of self-distrust? Again, that is God working in you to teach .you that He is your help and shield. Is your1 heart smitten with the thought how sweet it were could you only live the life of faith; how precious Christ must be to them that believe; how good it were to have the peace that passeth under standing, and the hope that maketh not ashamed; how blessed it were to pillow your troubled woul, with all its vex ing thoughts, upon the loving bosom? Have you any such feelings as these throbbing .in you now and then? Oh, if you feel any of these in you, any longing and yearning for God, the living God, reckon them to be tokens of His presence and the pledgea of His help — the first comings of a tide that will bear you onto everlasting life. See, then, that ye resist not the spirit who thus shows His goodwill to you, but yield yourself, and arise as His fellow-worker, to work out salvation when He is work ing in you to will it and to do it. When I look at the matter now in this light, I do not know any woz-d of grace fitted to * give us better heart than this. Therefore, it is the very essence of the Gospel not only to preach wnat great tilings Christ has done, but also to set forth the great things the spirit of Christ is doing in us. We must combine the doctrine of thu Comforter with the doctrine of the Saviour. God's goodwill to us is mani fested as surely in the one as in the other, and our hope rests quite as much on the present Divine help as on the perfect Divine sacrifice. There is no full Gospel which does ntot assure us that both are freely given as both are truly needed. Indeed, however urgent it be, this would be a very hopeless business, this working ' out of salvation, but for the promise of the Spirit to quicken us and strengthen us «nd give us repentance and faith, and in the end perfect the work which He has begun. Rich, truly, is the grace -which God has revealed to us in Christ, full of high promise and wondrous hope, but in a sernse it is outside of usi in Him, not in us. And it cannot become really a possession of ours, a thing within us, till it enters into the very essence of our being and our life by the indwelling of the L.ol'j» Ghost. For that end it needs an inward spiritual change, and therefore an' inward spiritual worker to bring fully home to us the grace of the Lord Jesus. It is past question that this Divine help is absolutely necessary, and the spiritual value of the truth taught in my text is that it tells us God is even how doing in us what is so urgently required- by us; He virtually working in us, in you and. me, to Will and to do in. His goodwill to us, in His great and unseai-cbable love to us, through Jesus Christ our Lord. 