I.LUSTRATED LONDON LETTERL HER MAJESTY AND THE EMERALD ISLE. SHEARING OF THE SHAMROCK AND FORTHCOMING VISIT1. (From Our Special Correspondent.) LONDON, March 24. Within the past few days the Queen Chas 'become dearer than ever to her loyal subjects on account of her thoughtfulness in arranging a tri-an- gular surprise for them. First, her Majesty on three successive days last week drove through the streets of Lon don,and was cheered as only English men can cheer; secondly, the fact that she not only has permitted but enjoi ied the wearing of the shamrock by '.l ranks in the lush regiments on St Pat rick's Day, March 17; and last, cer tainly not least, her decision not "t, be abroad at this time," but, instead, to visit Ireland, where her son, the Duke of Connaught, is commanding the army. The visit will take place next month, the Viceregal Lodge (depicted in our sketch) being the residence of the Queen during her stay. A year more than a hall century has elapsed since her Majesty visited Ireland for the first time, and 39 years have sped. since she paid her last visit. When the Duke of York went there three years ago, he was most hospitably re ceived. The forthcoming visit-being of a social and not of a political char acter-is a genuine compliment, and cannot but awake enthusiasm in the breast of the most phlegmatic Hibern ian. The Queen, it may be recalled, has never visited Ireland before in the spring, her three previous visits to Dublin-in 1849, 1853 and 186r-all having taken place in August. It was on. her last visit to Ireland in 186z, when her Majesty entered Kingston on August 21, that the Queen, who was ac companied by Prince Albert, the Prince of Wales, and the Duke of 'Edinburgh, first saw the Killarney iLakes. Situated very prettily in the famous Phoenix Park, less than half an hour from the metropolis, yet as completely sylvan in its surrouqdings as if it were go miles distant. in the country, the IViceregal Lodgepossesses all the char 'acteristics of .a really charming home. iThe house itself lies on the right hand side of the central road, of. the park as one approaches from Dublin. It was built in the middle of the z8th century. IThe Ranger of the Phoenx Park in 11757 was the Right Hon. Nathaniel Clements, and he it was who built the )elegant lodge for his private residence. (Thirty years elapsed, and the Govern ment purchased it for the use of the Lords-Lieutenants of Ireland. From time to time it has been much enlarged and beautified, whilst the grounds im nmediately surrounding the house, and separated from the public portion of the park by a wide sunk fence, has been laid out in gardens, and planted with considerable taste. The windows in the south facade command a most pic turesque vista of Phoenix Park, whilst 'against the horizon the blue line of the Dublin and Wicklow hills may be seen stretching away south-east to the con fines of the county Wicklow. The 'chief entrance to the lodge is from the north side. The drawing-room is ex ceptionally spacious and chaste with white and gold coloring. The Vice regal Lodge must not be confounded with Dublin CastTe an older and more lbaronial-looking pile in Castle-street, right in Dublin city, ind is associated f ore closely with the high ceremonial functions of the Viceroy of Ireland, 'Here he holds hiS "td4lavingn ooms" with all the ceremony of a Cout.L in the (Throne Room. It is one of the cus toms of these functions that each de tante, .on being presented to his Ex ellency, receives a kiss on the cheek rom the representative of her Majesty Swas from-a window of the Viceregal odge that Lord Spencer, one day in ay, 1882, saw a sight struggle in the roadway throtugli the park. It was not until an hour or so later that he knew he had been a witness of one of the tragedies of Irish history-the as sassination of Mr Burke and Lord Fre derick Cavendish. . Happier days have now come to the country.. Earl and Countess Cadogan. I The new Army Order regarding the wearing of the 'green immortal sham rock" is a tritely happy thought on the part of Her Majesty, and cannot but do much' towards erasing the bitter memories of 1798. The shamrock is the trefoil. Whilst the Druids used it to- cure diseases, the Irish use it as a national emblem. Brand tells Ois in his"Popular Antiquities"that when St Patrick landed near Wicklow to con vert the Irish in 443 the pagan inhabi tants were ready to stone him. He begged to be heard, and endeavored to explain the Deity to them as the Tiin ity in Unity. They failed to under stand his teaching until, plucking a t e foil from the ground, he said, "Is it rot as possible for the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost as for these leaves to grow upon a single stalk ?"'- Then the Irish were immediately convinced. An old writer says that the "Christian Ihish hold the seamroy (shamrock) sacred be cause of three leaves united in one stalk." The 'seamroy" is alluded to in an Irish-English dictionary as "clo ver, trefoil, worn by Irishmen in their hats by way of a cross on St. Patrick's Day, in memory of the great saint." Spenser, in his view of the state of Ireland in 1596, speaking of "those l:te warres of Mounster," says the people were so reduced that, "if they found a plot of water-cresses or shamrocks, there' they docked as to a feast for the time." It is also interesting to note that ,h. Welsh also lay claim to St. Patrfck, and that the Welsh Fusiliers are required to wear the leek on St. David's Day, March 1, for "rouse" and a"attoo";" that it has been the custom since 1675 for all' members of the Nor thumberland Fus:liers in parading on St. Georges Day, April 23, to wear a red and white rose in their busbies, and that in the 18th Royal Irish Regiment the shamrock is interwoven in the colors an'd the decorations of the uniform. We also give portraits of the Earl and Lady Cadogan. The Earl has been the Viceroy or Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland since July 8, 1895. He is the fifth Earl, and was born in 1840, succeeding his father in 1873. The first Baron was a gcn.ral officer under Marlborough, and the present Earl is a grand-nephew of the first Duke of Wellington. Since 1886 Earl Cardo gan has been aq hopgrary colonel of fle City of London Reginment, ahnd he is also hereditary trustee of the British Museum. In 1873 he was M.P. fcr .Bath, in 1875 became Parliamentary Secretary for War, from 1878 to x88o was Under-Secretary for the Colonies, and officiated as Lord Privy Seal from 1886 to 1892. In 1865 he married Lady Beatrix, fourth daughter of the second Earl of Cravea. Earl Cardo gan's heir is Viscount Chelsea the Con- ( ernvative M.P. for Bury St. Edmunds. 