GOOD WOMEN IN EARNEST CONFERENCE ON QUESTIONS OP THE DAV. THE W.C.T. UNION, ITS ANNUAL GATHERING. "Tho Lord glvcth tho' Wonl; tho womoa that publlAh tho tidings arc a great host." Representatives of a great host of women of Victoria assembled to-day for the annual meetings find conference of the Women s Christian 'temperance Union. Headquarters In Flinders street served only for the opening ceremonies. Tho Town Hall has been engaged for the big demonstration to-night, when tho choir will bo taken by tho Hon. Alfred Deukin. and addresses descriptive of the work of the Union during the last twelve months delivered by prominent leaders of both sexca A first-class musical pro gramme will also be rendered. . For Uic remainder of the session, which extends from to-day until Friday afternoon meet ings will be conducted In the Independent Church, Collins Eireet, and a huge pro gramme of work wilt fully engage the attention of the delegates at the morn ing, afternoon, and evening sittings. To-morrow morning Mrs M. K. Press will preside, and reports will be present ed from the colonial secretary and trea surer. In the afternoon there will be departmental conferences relating to re ligious Instruction In State schools, anti- gambling, police matrons,- unfcrmcntcd wine, und other subjects. In the evening delegates will attend a banquet at tho Melbourne Coffee Palace. More confer enccs next Wednesday morning, Including the subjects of peace and arbitration, work among tho foreigners, antl food re form. The Press, prison work and pub lic house visitation will be discussed In the afternoon, and scientific and popular lectures will be listened to In the even ing. On Thursday morning, heredity and health and work amongst seamen will t>e among other matters debated. It Is rather to be regretted lhat Mrs Hobhs's remarks on the suffrage depart ment of the W.C.T.U. will not be heard until Thursday afternoon, by which time the bulk of the electors will probably have done their work at the polling tooths. On Friday the work of the ses sion will be concluded. "Prayer and Praise" constituted the ceremonies nt this afternoon's meeting of the delegates. Mrs Alway took charge of those in attendnnce in the large drawlngroom, an elderly gentleman and a member of "Tho Herald" staff being the only males present. Tho conduc tress announced the 48th hymn, a pecu liarly appropriate selection, Sweet Hour of Prayer. It wns sung without Instrumental accompaniment, as in deed were all the hymns. Next followed a reading from Scripture, the Acts of the Apostles being levied upon for suitable passages. Verse 14 served tho purpose : "These all continued with one accord In prayer and supplication, withthc women, and Mary the mother of Jesus, and with his brethren." AI30 the verses referring to the descent of the Holy Ghost In the form of tongues of fire, were read amidst close atten tion. Mrs Alway prayed aloud, then the company prayed in silence, and sub sequently took It In turns to offer up short . petitions. The elderly gentle man, whoso boss voice lent great effect to the hymns, responded to the Invita tion to lead in prayer with an Invocation remarkably simple and heartfelt, nnd somo more hymns and prayers brought the first hour to a close. Mrs Press next took charge; and she was succeed ed at 2.30 by Mrs Phillips. The annual report of the Union to bo submitted to-night deals with the Work ing Girls' Club and Home, temperance booths ut agricultural shows, scientific competitive examination, juvenile depart ment, meetings for ' parents, Victorian contingent, famine-stricken Indla,pledge- slgnlng crusade, womanhood suffrage, women as police matrons, drugged lozen ges (as reported In "The Herald" on 16th October), Juvenile depravity, boards of advice, and a number of other matters. The demonstration will commence punc tually at a quarter to bight o'clock. 