Sonic English Ghosts. There is at any rate one ghost in Lon don. for tho first Lord Holland is said to walk the Sir Joshua Room in Hol lanu Ilor.se with hjS h0;Ui ju hjg j,aiJ-j —a very fashionable ghostly proceeding —on emaiii ni-hjs of the year; and it is a known fa it iii.-ir thn.,-* «**. „-...„,- houses which never have been let, never are let. aiu\ m?ver will be let for any length of time on account of uncanny tratlitious associated with them. The people who take these houses are ready enough to stay, but no servants will stay, and so they arc driven elsewhere. No stranger to lOpsom was ever shown Pit Place iby a native without being told the 'Wicked' Lord Lyttel ton's ghost-story— the .white Wrd which flut tered at his window ou the night of 24th November, 1779. changing into a white-robed wn:nan, who approached the foot of his bed, and told him that he would 'l-e dead in three days, which ac tually happened. Sussex, which of all the home counties has retained ite old characteristics the most. ]ias a good many ghosts who are still realities in the eyes of the rustics of that little-visited district, which was once the centre of England's iron indus try. There is old Oxenbridgo of Brede Place. There is flip headless man of St. Leonard's Forest, known as Squire Pau lett, wjio jumps upon the -crupper of a horseman entering the forest, and re mains there until clear of it. There is the Drummer of Hurstinonceaux. Black dogs— a favourite shape assumed by gho'sts all over England— haunt all dark lanes and lone by-roads, and under many a sequestered wooden bridge a headless woman may be seen spinning : whilst on the old cattle-road Tjetween Kingston, near Lewes, and the Marshes, known as the Drove Way. a goblin may be seen on any dark, wild night, in cessantly spinning charcoal ! The same species of ' general' ghosts. as they may. be called, is recorded by Mr. Rye. the Norfolk topographer, to be strongly developed in his county. There is ilie pale, long- haired woman, who runs shrieking amongst the pits on Aylmerton Heath. There is the great Mack ' Shuck Dog' — the word ' Shuck' said to mean tho devil— who at ToUishall Bridge is head less, and at Salhouse has a Mazing eye in the centre of his iforenead. and who has a brother at Peel Castle in the Isle of Man. the spirit of a murdered pris oner, known as the Mauthe 'Dog. But the 'historical ghosts are more interest ing rtbjectis of study. Tn tins same ?eonn- ry of Norfolk, says Mr. Rye. young Lord Dacre. who was murdered in l'iiK by his guardian. Sir III chard Fuhnorston. who arranged that a rocking-horse on which ihe boy sat should fall, still prances about on a (headless, of counsc) roeking-horsp. Anne Boleyn still rides down the avenue of Bliekiing Park once a year, in a lioarse-like coach, drawn by four ihoadloss horses, and driven by a headless driver, with her head in her lap : and her father. Sir Thomas, docs the s:ime thing. At Oaistor Castle there is another coach and headless team, and yet another near Great Mel ton. This last risos from a pool every midday and midnight, and with its load of four headless, dripping, wliste-robod ladies passes slowly round tho field and sinks again : and tradition says that at this spot, lone ago. a bridal party wore urset Into this pool and never seen again. TIumi there is the Gray Lady of Rain ham— not to bo confounded with the Rivnvii Lady of Rainham in Durham— ?wlio represents Lady Dorothy W.ilpole. forced, it 5« said, to marry Lord Towns end in 1713. A firmly belteved-iri eoach-gJio^t is that of Lady Howard, dausrhtor and heiress of Sir John Fitz of Fitzford. in Devonshire, about l-»00. who. Mr. Bar inir-Gonld says, trawls nightly from Okehampton Castle to Fitzford Gate. Tavisto--k. in a co*ieh of l-ones. pro ceiled by a phantom flog. Gabriel Craddock is a well- known V-- sox ghost. Ho was famous in the miil dlo of ilie last century as .Terry Lynch Wjo highwayman, who with ihe pro oowls of his oxiploits. built Lfiipwator Hall, near Leisrh. so called because, upon the application of the workman for drink, he bidr them 'lap water.' Ho 'was run to earth in his new house. wounded, and drowned in the poml to which ho had directed ilie thirsty work men's attention, and 'he is still bollovol to ho soon on wild nights, bandy- legged, and mounted on an earless mare. Beeins from his pursuers as they came from Shonfield. Ingrave. Horndon, Laindon. and Pitsoa. Manningtou Hall, tho residence of tho Walpolos. Earls of Orford. has its ghosily associations. Horatio, second earl, removed all the tombstones of the Scalmers. tho former possessors of the Hall, from TTiribmere Church, and one of tho burled ladies is .still believed to walk round tho churchyard. To atone for tho sacrilege, every Earl of Orford at his burial was driven in his hearse three times round Wickmere Chuivh before boing finally laid^to rest. Very well known is tho stile at Littlo cote. near Marlhorongh, on the old Bath road, wherat Wild Darrell. the principal in tho terribly weird tragedy at Little coto Hall, iis still I-e1iove;l to bo soon, fol lowod by -his howling hounds, ns on Mie day when he met his death hero riding madly along, reckless in his con science torture, and confronted l-y the apparition of a babo burning in a flame. All tho unhappy ladies of history 'walk': Ann of Cloves paces up and down fho gallery bearing her name in Hevor O!:istlo : Fair Rosamond walks on the rivfir^hank at Godstow : Aany Ro'bsart on tho sido --f Cum nor : Mary, i Queen of Scots, at. Fotlioringhay. At j Apethorpe. tho Earl of WestinorolandV seat In 'Northamptonshire. Lady Grace. wife of r?!P 1'ct --ir1. wnTks in f» corri dor, scattering silver -pennies as sh^ goes : but Ms*- uennios are air. and woo to hiiin who (ric« to tost timlr solidify— so say. and probably believe, -the good, folk around. In the romantic North Country those poor dames abound. 'There is the Brown Lady o.f Rainham— stately In coif and' rich l-roc;ido. bur eyeless. There is 'Silky' of Denton Hall, near Newcastle, iu a flowered, long-waistftd satin gown and a satin hood. Tliero is* the White Lady of Skips?.! Castle ; Lady Der'wentwater of Dilston Castle ; the Gray Woman of WHlingtr.n : Mog of Moldon in a broad -hat : tho White Lady Blcnkinsop. who still wails over a chest of gold, tho cause of all the un liaipninojss of hor married life, cum nmltis aliis. The famous Cauld Lad of Hylton. ou tlii- river Wear, was only ' laid' during the last century, but his xv&il.; ' Tin cauld ! I'm cauld !'' has lieen sworn to as hoard at a much later date! Ho was not quite a stock ghost of the silent, gliding typo, but was more of a brownie or pixie, working hard ia the kitchen during the night If t-ie maids were sluggards— very much eon trary to the usual rule of his kind. The Gray Man of Bellister is another well-known North Country ghost. His original was a wamieriiig minstrel who called at the castle, which is near Haltwliistlo on the South Tyne. was admitted, and pleased the Blenkinsop owner for it time, until he got suspicious that the poor old gray-clad singer was a spy from a neighbour baron with whom he was at feud. Tho minstrel got wind that he was suspected, and stole away. Blenkinsop sent bloodhounds after him. and he was torn to pieces. This hap pened in 1470. and the Gray Man is still spoken of in a district i-y no moans behind the ago in refinement, in telligence, and education. Corby Cas tle, near Carlisle, has been modernised, but in its wainscoted, tapestried 'Ghost Room' the Radiant Boy still walks. At Chilliugham rastle in Northumber land there was also a Radiant Boy. un til Hie skeleton of a boy found iii one of the bedroom ws!ls. not very long a-o was buried, and then ho disappeared '- and at Coatham in Yorkshire popul-ir tradition speaks of a shininir child who vanishes when pursued. Apropos of ghostly children, a prottr tradition is connected with a certain «est Country hhuso. to the ofiVct that every cold morning is soon on the win te°b« % sei™''« -* 'trio fingers, not to bo effaced by any amount of rubbin — Chambers'*; Journal.' Abridged 