A LABYRINTH OF LITIGATION. KANOWNA LOT 27 AND ITS OWNERS. A complicated story of trouble and litigation is woven around Kanowna Lot 27\. From the day when it emerged from the insignificance of being an undefined portion of the waste lands of the Crown to the dignity of a town lot, until the present moment, it has brought worry and disaster to all who have been in the remotest way connected with it. Mr. A. G. Lee was the first to have any trans- action with this talisman of woe, pur- chasing it from the Crown in 1897. On November 8 of that year, he entered into an agreement with William H. Allan to grant a lease to Mr. Allan for a term of years. One of the conditions of the agree- ment was that Allan should erect on the allotment certain shops and buildings of the material usually employed upon goldfields' edifices—wood and iron. There was a further provision that when the term of the lease expired Mr. Lee was to be entitled to purchase the shops and buildings at a valuation. Failing that, Mr. Allan was to be at liberty to re- move them. Such agreements are com- mon on the fields, and they generally tend to the benefit of both parties. Early in January, 1898, Mr. Lee mortgaged the freehold of the allotment to Mr. De Rose, and a month later Mr. Allan gave a bill of sale over the buildings he had erected to Messrs. Long and Seebeck. Later on he mortgaged the lease to Hannan's Saw Milling Co. Thus at this period there were five distinct interests in the piece of land, and matters soon became complicated, by reason of the fact that Allan failed to pay the rent which was due to Mr. Lee under his lease, with the result that Mr. Lee dis- trained upon the shops, which had been all let to good tenants. They were in- dignant at having bailiffs put into their business premises for rent, when they had paid their landlord. To get over the diffi- culty, they determined that in future they would pay their rent direct to Mr. Lee, but this was a disastrous decision, because the payment to Mr. Lee was no quittance of the obligation to Mr. Allan. Their contract was with Mr. Allan, and a receipt from Mr. Lee was no discharge of their liability to Mr. Allan. A few experiences of this kind so enraged the tenants that they cut the Gordian knot by vacating the shops, which remained unoccupied because they were haunted by a ghost, as grim and terrible as nove- list ever conjured up—the shadow of a legal absurdity which permitted a man to pay his debts without extinguishing his liability. At this critical stage, Han- nan's Saw Milling Co. sold the lease, and it was purchased by Mr. William Hun- tingdon, who also bought the buildings from Long and Seebeck, selling under their bill of sale. In the meantime, the mortgagee of the freehold, Mr. De Rose, sold the property to Miss Harriet Ro- berts. The five outstanding interests in the land had thus been reduced to two, but the evil fortune which had beset the first owners pursued their successors. The new owner of the freehold demand- ed rent from Mr. Huntingdon, the new tenant of the buildings, but he refused to pay. The new owners then believed that they could not sue Huntingdon be- cause, legally, there was no privity be- tween them. Allan, in the agreement, had not contracted for his assigns, and Huntingdon was the assign of Allan. Therefore, Miss Roberts commenced an action for ejectment against Allan, to recover possession of the buildings. At this stage Mr. Huntingdon called upon Miss Roberts to exercise her right under the agreement for a lease which Mr. Lee had originally made with Mr. Allan, and buy the buildings at a valuation, other- wise he would remove them. The an- swer to that demand was an action by Miss Roberts against Mr. Huntingdon, seeking an injunction to prevent him from removing the buildings as he had threatened. As if there had not been enough trouble and loss over the ill-fated allotment, the crowning stroke of mis- fortune came in the burning down of the buildings soon after the action was commenced. It looked at first as if that settled the matter finally, but it turned out that the buildings were insured for £700, and so the wheels of law were greased afresh, and the litigation pro- ceeds. The evidence in that case was taken on the hearing of the case on Friday last. The testimony was very brief, most of the facts being admitted. The legal argument, upon which the whole case depends, was adjourned until Satur- day last. Mr. R. C. Money (instructed by Mr. C. L. Stawell) appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. W. James and Mr. P. Cantor (instructed by Messrs. G. Leake and Co.) appeared for the defendant. Mr. Money contended that his client had a certificate of title for the land, and that it was indefeasible. Land com- prised all buildings and fixtures. The de- fendant, it was argued could not claim the buildings under the clause in the agree- ment, because he had virtually abandon- ed that agreement when he repudiated his liability for rent. Mr. James, in reply, said that at the time the plaintiffs bought the land they not only had notice of the defendant's interest, but actually bought subject to it. An attempt on their part to defeat an interest to which their purchase was made subject, amounted to.a legal fraud, and was a good ground of claim, even against a certificate of title. The land and buildings were, in fact, not fixtures, because the -original owner of the free hold, Lee. in whose position the plain tiffs stood, had agreed with Allan, in whose shoes defendant stood, that the buildings were not to be deemed fixtures. The defendant, by repudiating his lia bility to pay rent, did not abandon the agreement under which he claimed, but stood upon his strict legal rights. As assignee, he was not responsible to the :superior landlbrd for rent, as rent, be cause the relations of landlord and ten ant did not exist between them, but he was liable for use and occupation. Mr. James had not concluded his ar grsment when the Court rose. 