~v C p\& tk. " Mayfield," South Yarra, Wednesday, March 21. My Dkah Matuk, Saturday was a great fdte day." The votaries of pleasure were divided'in their intei'est, as there was so much on the cards. Garden parties enlivened more than one-breezy suburb, and the wind blew in such a gale that only the stoutest tents and tempers survived the blast. It.rnust have been a sore trial .resisting the dust flend^all the morning while laying out the stalls. ; So we v or", all prospered; and if one ate rather gritty cakes, with al franco''tea,, 'no complaint-was made, . and .the sacrifice was offered-up cheerfully in the cause of charity.. Xjftdy MacEaoharn sasv her dearest wishes fulfilled by the complete success of hei'.gardeh Mte.at " Goatbland." Though /the dust and" beat, Jvvore ..bound..: to . ruflle -and uncurl the most automatic/band-box figure, the attond ancc was- n6t:pjTectecl'jiri..tho least.-' It . m,hjht,have. been the jn.ost ijerfeot'^pViiig. day . to look at.'tho'.throng'. of ismiu'.tiy- dressectVisi'tprs meandering about'the grounds. ,At ;clo^e'/quartprs thoy. were all - ;lirpp" and' as fretful as ?the .porcupine, liut'one never rpgards the crowd at close ^qunrt9^s,;lt Is novor. disereet. ? Eroni ashady seat on the Jtywn ; ,ono heard ; the,'; buzz buzz . of. .VjpTcies, the eloar .persuasive npteq,<< of Monsieur v Napoleon do Boffard's vojpo piping ." A tick-ett for do con-cert?" and all the .mervy npises thaf.go towards makipgJup the traffic and ':t?lfefp'e.SB'..of' tbo bazaar in full swing. Of course, Sir ?John had declared the'ffito open preyipu'sly in' his"norid .j&y; jo- His,.words gave an immediate stipvUlus to the ;ivyprkors and. the. sentiments of/ih'e- charitable, so that' eu.e.the flowery peroration ha^l .died*away, Janet Lady 'Qfafflke, Mrs.'Chomley, .ancl othei;'generous dames, we're responding ;lh a heart-wbole.fashion i,o the sweet-voiced Sirens from: the yarious'stalls^ Sir Malcolm MacEaoharn ^ed the ptiblic by diving into; hi's pockots at every turn \yhon _hq;\yas attacked,at thaflank, front, and ,rear,,and .sending the supplicants awViy ^ylth .smiles and shillings galore. Indeed, I never,o'nep.saw the Mayor but he had his hand in his, pookot all' during tho hot racking aftornpon./ . " All ffitos' bear a family rosomblanco. There are always tho utarqvcex nestling uridcr.tho pro tooting elms, the flags Hying; tho girl's Jji dainty muslins enlivening tho" scene. I donH kna^y whothor this Hoi-ftixaiU Fete' Ohainpdtra differed yery-iiini'dhf-lf at:all. The grounds of V!.Goathland'''rt.re spacjipus, and the tents wet,o disposed about, the place effectively. I had. no, sooner Arrived on * the sednd and heard Sir John administering the, so to speak, baptismal words to tho unfledged fair, than I' obsbryecl'somo visitors .make a frantic rush to a distant nook of "tho garden.. "While I yot looked, mora followed,, audimore, till gnawed with curiosity, I too swelled the. train-.;;: Of course, Marie, you may guess what is-to nil womankind-tho one attraction at a garden fflte I Tho fortune-toller, of , course 1 Mrs. Laidlaw, for so many 'years,the favourite soothsayer of Melbourne, now rbtirod, I fanoyt from pur '.Dolphian oracle,, had VOBPonded to the-spool al request of tho Mayoress to oorao ., aha '.whisper hor. revelations In tho trembling oar of .yotiiihftil MolboiU'170. Sho oanTi^.a^d told, and oon querod. -Tho.- VrtV . porhivpsK'S®jo«n'ts -flpt' -^ho . present burning curiosity ,of ov£fl*y, IJg^iygtjn^aikiiutp.^inow " her fato." I think -(It iiv^!^jS^-lilTo'''wa'r) fo'l"5^i|jii,yo nover wltnossod suoh. iiimaAQS^trnted crowd sw.arhucliig, round a soor/s tent to liofii'.llicT'dlv^/i.eibh cTf ban cl-1 mas', or tho *< l'ay "oC Iho oavds.V Xm|, tilf hall' a bvown'-a head I II! .''th'O'Soor. had romaine\l.(yJ<oll-Llio fortune's pi' all who worn pressing round on-Sol^|tf&y;,;Bhe ywqaCd "SlflM ho fouml there.' '1' paw thom jami^u^ Uto\1oor..6l' l.lio' teinplo-> I mean .thov tent, a,t Lhreo o'cTpSkl: and again at six o'clock, whllo others In tho roar complained bitterly that ?i'Jaoy had;nQt a ghost' of a .chance. Most of'llio girl h 'Sfpo'lV siipady,.with glovd.s removed, and tho sllvor 09I11 kept" hot in tholr palm/ 'OIOMO by, Mrs. EnViilc ,'SLopiion .BWUng <.> heavy hell now and then, and aniiounood by its .jbwwoh.:liC!pm the fact that another concert was about to commence. Of course, the silver coin again came into request for admission here, and the tenor who had been so ingratiating with the ladies, while selling . his "tick-ett for d2 con-cert," smiled on a "full house with great suavity. . Three excellent programmes carried out during tne fete included the names of ever so many favourites. At one I heard one of the gems in Miss Minnie Waugh s contribution-" Somebody Loves Me another in &ig; norina Coy's " Serenade;" a third, in that clever con tralto-Miss Lily Henry's- " Idle Words," After these, Miss Plorrie Greene flashed on to the stage m the bright abbreviated frock of 44 The I3elle of New York and sang "The Gay Parisienne " with charming effect. There were other attractive items, but the hours simply flew, and one had barely time to peregrinate the grounds and glance at all the side-shows without dallying It was a great day for ihe shamrock! Sir Malcolm sported the little -green, leaf,-like inany .others. /Janet Lady Clarke flourished a green knot' of .ribbons .in her dress.,; :;T-he:three tinydaughters of Mr. Wesley Hall / ^wore green .sashes on their muslin frocks. Mrs. Andrew Tobin had commenced early in the day disposing at a profitable price, of a largie box of shamrock posies. In less than an hour they had all been transferred from the box to the dresses and coats of the visitors. A green flag waved over the gateway of " Goathlivnd." with the yellow pennant of bonnie Scotland and the Union Jack alongside. Lady Madden's bright yellow gown might have been worn out of ft, consideration. of complexion merely, but whatever the innocent motive, its orange tint enjoyed distinction. Mrs. Frank StephpH'tTwR^ another to sport' bright yellow, but with exceptions, nearly every mart, woman, and dM^art'Tfoe ffite, flourished a shamrock or a touch of g/eetrm toor of the valiant part taken by the Irish soldiprt in tv&ffjij;\ tainirig the. glory and honor of the EmpirA iChe Irish must'Jbave felt very proud and delighted on so many - compliments paid. them by .the mfenjbei^'pK other."iiationalities. I think I have told you all that's interesting about the ffite. ' ,Colonel Campbell accompanied the Lieut. Governor and Lady Madden. There . were no startling beauties ov dresses in evidence, though the-.majority of assistants looked smart, find were dressed neatly. The days when Lady liupert Clarke and many other brilliant frockers vied for pre-eminence at fashionable garden -ffites, 'seemed to have fallen far back into the past. At "the"present time the dead level of up-to-date smartness js.mer.ely preserved. No.one seems to rise over and abovo'that. .''Tis true, 'tis pity ; and pity 'tis, 'tis true." The statement that Professor Morris made about being harassed for invitations for the Annual Com mencement was perfectly true. , Every strident -.tells-you the same thing. All Commencements are much the* same'.,.''There is;.always a Jarge and representative cvowdr and.UoonBttlerable" interest evinced in the eeve liiony.'^' Recreating dons put on their .gowns and .t^eiriacademie air once more. The students seem glad to get into harness, and certainly herald the event with " quips, and cranks, and wanton wiles," while all their girl friends rally round in a flutter of excitement to see the fun. Into 'the placid stream of Professor Morris's opening address the pebbles of idle ' peasantry were rdropped by reckless students, but they sank after creating a mere ripple of laughter, and the stream glided smoothly on. The conferring of degrees, when the ring-leaders of buffonery are to bo seen sandwiched in' ihe- ranks of sedater students in the triumphal march'to ihe platform is always reckoned a very trying time'; and some of the lusty wags looked nervous and blushful as their-turn came to 'take the-floor.' As a i-ule.'the graduate has a supreme disdain for the frollicking frofcthman, and .no patience with his ' wooden ' whim-' sioaHtlcs. I remember last year hearing a newly-' fledged barrister commenting, in stern disapproval, on the students' merry 'revels. But I wanted to know if he did'not cut exactly the same figure before lie cut his wisdom tooth, and became a membero! the elect among the/graduates. He contended there was no real humor "or wit in the'business. Was there in his,»I asked. ."Well,- in my days," he commenced, but then as I' oould not run away from the dreary ohronicle threatened , .by that awful preliminary-" In my Days,"-I pretended to have swallowqd.a fly, and commenced a fit of cough ing that saved mo for that time, at least, the recapitulation of students' life in a 41 Golden Ago." The past is always a golden age to some souls who paint the present with all the evils that escaped from Pandora's box. The oonvermzioiw in the evening was a grand oppor tunity for students , and their girl-friends. The odour of respectability olings so closely to the ivy- covered walls of the University buildings an,d all their preoincts, that the evening conversazione is the one oooasion on whioh any girl in Melbourne will oonsont to appear without a chaperon. An unfledged student is considers" . . less as kola beer; he is looked upon as u n,. iov. friend; the necessary chum of one's brother i ; j)i that sort of thing. So the most demure Doree , forth gaily with her boy-friend to the conversav.i.v. . Illu\ no one looks askance. Eleven girl students were awarded the dec 0? Bachelor of Arts on Saturday. Tremendous ei, ;n" accompanied the procession of Sapphos to the pk, and still greater enthusiasm found voice in lusty , crs ?when the Misses Mary Fraser, Marian H<u 0(j, Christina Montgomery, and Mary Morris, appear-.; for thr-"n^her degree of-Master of Arts. In exhibitions of art:-, science, and music, the girl-students scored in tip style* The brilliant Stillwells have year after year dis tinguished themselves in arts and science, and this time ><;-,ss Florence Stillwell gained two exhibitions in Natural. Philosophy (Part II with- Laboratory Work) unci Chemistry of the same class. Miss Alice Maud Gumming, one of the cleverest of the past year's crop of students, carried off exhibitions in Greek and Latin (L'art I). The English Exhibition, always greatly coveted, fell into the-hands of Miss Eleanor Simpson. It, is very gratifying to find the girl-students figuring so well in the lists. At the University, among fellow Ktudents, the opinion is held that the .girls haven't the brains, you know, but are regular plodders; they shut themselves away and "stew till.' all is. blue," as one atudont, with more force than eloquence, put it. They are stickers, and devote all their time to study, we know, leaving hair uncurled, and closing their eyes to the advance of Fashion, so that.'they dress years behind the times. But, of course, there is no question about the brain-power. It is all there, isn't it, Marie ? : Professor Bentoul has left, the ranks of .clerical con troversialists, and sharpens his' wits for the nonce 011 the subject of Woman's Suffrage. Isn't that -nice of the busy Doctor? I haven't any sympathy with the suffrage. I think the only stake in the country women .faoulcl know anything about is that steak which g^nDnetically. the same) makes such a savoury entree the dining-table; but all the same, I hswl to admire {?*.> nlylc of Dr. Bentoul's stirring speech at the recent ,--ramitil meeting of the Franchise League. The divine gave voice to the most chivalrous sentiments. Ah, I>oetor, you will, ever more be our friend!. '. The best subject of, God's handiwork- that is what he styles lovely woman. . And he softly admitted the impeach ment " that hejiwas the first to advocate at* his University the granting oS^rights. 'to/ Svomen. on equal terms with men." He referred tq the glorious fact that the heads of two of the most' "enlightened countries in Europe, Great Britain, and Holland, were women. Wasn't that a home-thrust? He moreover greatly delighted the League by referring to the " wooden-headed Tories " who had opposed the Franchise in England, although the greatest Tory in England-Lord Salisbury-advo cated it. Dr. Bentoul declared that some of the argu ments put forth in the Upper House of Victoria were " so gi-oss and brutal that he would not demean himself .by: referring to them." Then, of course, there was a reference to the cry of their opponents, " The Bible is against it." If the Bible contained the words put forth as argument by some people, Dr. Itentoul declared he would fling it to the winds. And so on! I suppose it was one of the most powerful speeches yet delivered in support of the Suffrage. For evermore, the Doctor will be beloved by its advocates. Mr. Weaver, "the Prince of Confidence Men," goes about with a very showy looking woman-a suggestive of Dickens' Mrs. Merdle. It was young England who introduced him to Melbourne Society. Alderman Stewart, Sir Malcolm McEachran and Sir W. Zeal made much of him, inviting guests to meet Mr. Weaver. He was elected an honorary member of the Aus tralian Club. It was when he mooted a great project to start paper mills to work up the fibre from his 14,000 acre estate in Samoa that Sir W. Zeal wanted Weaver to call on the American Consul, and when he talked about a special mission from the President making it inadvisable to see the Consul, Sir William Zeal got suspicious. The Melbourne Club committee then de clined to receive Weaver's nomination for membership. It is said Alderman Stewart is writing lawyers' letters to the papers threatening prosecutions for libel if they persist in publishing stories about Weaver. Miss Sophie Osmond was given a splendid send-off on the Oruba on Tuesday. Her numerous friends and sister-Salonites rallied to the ship's side in the heartiest fashion (though it poured in torrents) and showered floral and more tangible souvenirs on her. As the ocean liner put out from the Port Melbourne pier, Miss Osmond looked like a stage star at a farewell show-she stood surrounded by so many baskets and bouquets of flowers. On all sides the ail- was thick with protestations of write -write-write. " She will," remarked a matron, "that's why I say she is like a Boer-so fond of her copy," (kopje). It sounded spontaneous. I thought it rather good. Miss Nellie Cooke, the Sydney soprano, whose concert last week was not the success it deserved to be, is sure to make her name one.day, in the world of Melba and Albani. She has, first'of.all, a v.oice of most excellent quality, and furthermore, is musical, ambitious, ener getic, and particularly smart. Everyone who has met her, declares she is bound to succeed. . A year's tuition from Marchesi. would give her wings to fly to the aviary of accredited songsters. Miss Nora Barrett, the young Melbourne contralto, is another vocalist who must go ahead. She has that irl her rich round voice that makes you say involuntarily-" Ah, here we have something" -and you sit up expectingly to enjoy to the.full her soulful singing. It is only as yet a young voice, but it contains infinite promise of great things. Miss Bari-ett is to sing at .Miss Bruce's Concert next Tuesday. It is an invitation concert,- and a collection in aid of the funds of the Flower Stall, (Melbourne Hospital Bazaar), is to be made at the interval, a ' satisfactory sort of arrangement that always works well, especially when a good programme is submitted. Miss Mary Clarke has been practising the great virtue of patience during her detention at the Quarantine Station. It has been exceedingly trying for the return ing voyageurs, to be incarcerated in a kind of prison durance vile-when twenty knots-an hour would have been slow eno«gh to bring them to £he arms of their loved ones. It was hoped that Miss Clarke would have arrived in time for the distractions of Polo and the Rac ing, last week, but Janet Lady Clarke and many anxious friends were prone to be disappointed; This week only sees Miss Clarke's rele.se. Mr Leslie Newbigin, who has been the innooent cause of all the fuss, has quite re covered from the terrible attack of small-pox,. osving to the unwearying vigils exercised by his mother and a trained nurse. Yours affectionately, STELLA. 