AT THE CAPITAL, ! ^Feom Cua Own* Correspondent.] j I HOBART, Thursday Ttere can no place, however insignificant, where rcea have congregated and sctrd thar various partB in the drama cf life without its his tory. There ia plenty of ancient history in Hobart of an interesting charactcr which is well worth going into prin*, and in the per- j furmacce of thie leek one wou*d have: co J | trouble in making up the ghosts and abadows of departed greatness O/i-of the 1 old- et lardmarks of the city, a building fami iar to the eyes of the past, three genera tions, 4b being swept away. This iB the his torical 'Lord's Corner,'' which is beiogjde molished by the Government in order to allow them lo erect an up-to-date Post ana Tclegranh office on the siie occupied by the old mansion of the Lord family. It would be a long pilgrimage to tiacc the history of the eld place from the time it waB erect, d in the early twenties down to the date when it came into the possession cf the Tasmanian Government. The building for the last eighty years bd rich in aacred racing traditions has seen the now extensive capital city of the colony spring up around it from every conceivable point of the compaeB. If the writer and readers of thiB column could transport themaelv s half a century back to Lord'e corner they would hive had a fairly good idra of how past and gone racing men enjoyed themBelveB after witnessing a ratt* ling good spin between the blood horses of the day on the old Newtown coarse. David Lord, who built tho houBe, was an enthusiastic j lover of horss flesh, and his 6ons. Jamie and -T tthttf i wo i«gfici*«ifry'c0 . Jinry^'E'rn'ETs * father died ran hiB own phow at Newtown, i and John kept tip the honor of the old name I at the Town House, and aBtudof racehoreea to boot. Some people are endsfr the impression that the Lordc family mansion was the firBt house bllilt in Macquirie-etreet. This is cot the case. The tirat houBe erccted in Macqnarie-&rreet; waB what is now kuown aB the Hobart Hotel at the corner of Argyle and Macqnarie BtreetB. It waB built some where about the year 1819, and in the year 1821 one finds from an old record that it belonged to a Mr James Mitchell and was occupied by B W. Loone, one of the magnates of the day, and in thiB year it waB exposed for eale by public auction. Paet the ' Bird in Hand' public house in Argyle Btreet there were no houses until a Binall cottage on the 'top of a piece of rifcing ground which in after years was nick-named 'Goat Hill' was reached. There was no bridge across the Hobart rivulet, and somewhere about where Lswib's store now stands, the creek, which waB then a clear stream of pure running water, was croEBed by means of a plank, and the late Mr Thomas Lewis told one that the residents when they required drinkable water simply went down to the edge of the creek and dipped it out in buckets. The present bridge in Argyle street is a very old structure and waB opened fortraffic in the twenties. Here is the notice inserted in the Gazette of 1821 : ' The new brick and stone bridge which has been built by the Government over the Town Bivulet in Argyle-street, haB been opened for car riage and passenger traffic. The work, which contributes equally to the wants and con» venience of the town, has been one of great labour owing to the rains and floods which have occurred eince its commencement/' This Bridge Btill, stands as a monument to thegcod work put in it. But to return to 'Lord's corner,' The first building to come info notice after ' Lord ' was a public houss kept by a man named Thomas Stocker. Stocker Beems to have etarted pretty early attce game, as one finds that in 1818 he held a license for the Derwent Hotel. Just behind Cook's tailor shop, which will f^rmthe northern boundary of the new poBt office, and between it and the back portion of the Lord prem'ses, lived a lady named Kearney. She embarked into the dairying trade and kept her cowb ia paddocks which ran in the direction of Collins-street. She was, says anold resident, a remarkable woman in her way, and was well known to the settlers of the town, who looked npon her aB a keen business woman. Mrs Kearney was a lady of many parte. In addition to making fame for herself in the manufacture of butter, for which she ob tained the decent figure of 33 per pound, ehe distinguished herself by having a surge with Governor SoreU, who fined her for eome frivolous breach cf the bye-laws, and the lady retaliated by refusing to Berve His Excellency with butter. At that time of day Mrs Kearney was considered to be the most expert Bwimmer in the settlement, and thought nothing of swimming across to K&Dgaroo; Point and back. The next building on the right hand side of Elizabeth-street, within a couple of stones throw of the Lord residence, was a cottage owned by John Eddington. John kept the Bird in Hand Hotel in Argyle-street after wards, and web an enthusiastic horse Tacer. lie owned Eome really gooa oiooa block, ana rode more perhaps for the pure love of the sport than any gain derived from it. John in the year 1816 was a jockey, and a good one at that. In October of this year, there was a race meeting at Orielton Park, Rich mond on the estate of Mr Edward Lord. There wbb an immenEe attendance cf eettlers both from the capital and tbe surrounding districts, and, says one of the journals of the day, ' they were highly delighted with the beauty and picturesque scene on which tbe favorite animals were to exhibit their speed,' Old John Eddington, long since gjne to his fathers, rode John Mitchell'B roan horse u Piper' in a race for £300 It waB two mile heats in those tim':B and f iir ding dong ing from start to finish, and the winning | horse had to obtain the best two out of three before it could claim tbe stake, John did hiB beBt in that race, but William Mann's Beauty, bred by Colonel Geils and ridden by a man named Toombs, a trained jockey from the stable of some English nobleman.knocked John's mount out. Mitchell's 4 1 Sally1 with John np. fairly waltzed away from Bichard Troy'e Miss Platoff, an Arab mare which it ™.on cairi nn tWn flat, mnld pive anv horBe fiesh in the colony the go bye. That race was for a couple of hundred pounds, and after John had weighed out there was many a stiff nobbier of ram swallowed over his win. One could relate tal£B outef number In con nection with John Eddington's and the Lords' career in racing circles but the time is not yet quite ripe to do so. Further along the street on the other side of the road, on the very spot on which now stands the Union Bank of Australia, stood the old 11 'Ship' Inn,' This waB bnilt as far as j one can learn about the year 1817 by a Mr ! Ingles for a private house. The exact date j when the 11 Ship became a public house and ! when it was granted its license is not exactly known, but it must have been subsequently to 1818, for in the ' Gazette of Saturday, October S, isthe following list of publicanB who were duly licensed for keeping public houses for the vending of wines, spiritB, and beer, in the several districts ofthe country of Buckinghamshire ; Thomas W. Stocker, 'Derwent Hotel'; George Armittage ' Plough Hotel' ;JThomas Ban&om.; ' Carpenter's ArmB ' J. Lord and T. Clark, 'Dusty Miller'; Charles Connolly, 'Bricklayers Arms'; Francis barnes, nope noi^i , ' Bird in Hand' ; Maria SaTgcant, Cal cutta Hotel' ; JoBhua Ferguson, ? — ; Thomas L. Bichardflon, '-New Jim'; Bich and WalliB', ' Cat and Fiddle' ; George Hopwood, 'City of London Arms.' But one muBt not go into the history of the Bhip Jim and old pnblic houseB, which, if raked np would supply no end of amuBing itemB to the readers of this pumaL The object of the writer in commencing this i letter was to refer more particularly to the 1 hiBtory of Lord'B Corner, which time and the rough handB of the modern builder is now bringing to the edge of the grave and in a few days its well known walls will be levelled to the' street. There are many who can look back with pleaBure and think o{ the happy hours they have spent in the old building when the hospitality of the LordB waB thrown around like water. When the last brick 1b pulled down one more link will be snapped in tne cnain wuicu Hobart of the present with thB Hobart Town the past. The Defence Force arrangements for supplying the Volunteers who assembled for parade purposes on Queen's Birthday were shocking. There are a lot of gcrews loose in Defence Force management and people are commencing to talk about them. The scheme of organisation suggested by the Minister of Defence haB not come to pars yet. Mr CollinB a few months ago Baid he intended to up-end everythihg. He has done nothing yet in thia way, and folks with an enquiring turn of mind are aeking when he iB going to begin. Merchant (to applicant fci eituation as a ; porter).: ' Are you married?1' Applicant ; No, Sir; theie scratchcs on my face cam-.1, from falling over a barbed wire.fence in the ! dark/' ; 