A FATHERS WILL OR HER OWN. MISTRESS. A ROMANCE. CHAPTER VII (Cdt-o fUED ) The words fell from Charlie O'Shea's lips in.a tone.of angry defiance.-; He was white as death, and his facer was drawn', apd :haggard,. and- there were violet circles beneath the beautiful dark eyes which told the tale of long hours of sleepless watching and; longing for rest. Who can rest when the heart is on the rack-crushed, bleeding, ground to fragments by the tortures of a suffering more terrible than the torments of the Inquisition ? 'You are a false villain'!' thundered Charlie once more; 'but, David: Hartley, your time has come! Down upon your knees and say your last _rayer.,for., am ,going .to. kill you!'_, J There was a. flash of. silver as the shining barrel of the revolver shone and glittered before David Hartley's dazed eyes. Pallid and trembling, he stood erect, and stared into the wild; despairing face of the half-insane man before him. ' I do not speak falsely,' he said, slowly and calmly-so calmly that in voluntarily it crept into CharlieO'Shea's numb, bewildered biain that the man was speaking truly. ' Myra Hartley is married. How could I maintain the assertion-if it were not true? She was married 'to Tristram O'Shea this morning-even now the wedding- guests are at breakfast. When that is over, the bride and groom will leave at once for Ravenswood, which is to be their future home. 'Be calm, Charlie, and listen to me. I' am speaking the plain truth--why should I speak falsely ? It was all a mistake-your fancy for Myra and hers for )ou, all a mad mistake, and Myra is sensible andshe has learned the truth at last. It was hard for her to make up her mind to the truth, but she could not help seeing that her marriage with your brother would save much suffering to other people, and so she consented. 'I swear to you before high Heaven that she consented of her own free will. Buit that, of course, you must know, for a marriage against Myra Hartley's will could hardly be en compassed. There was no force .used in regard to her decision, no. pressure put upon her. She came to me one morning in the breakfast-room and said, quietly ; ' Uncle David, I have changed my former decision. I have made up my mind to marry Tristram O'Shea.' This is true. .I swear it !. And now she, is '. "Tristram's wife, and that is :the' end' as? far' as. you- are-?on cerned.' 'Tristram's wife!' Charlie faltered the words forth in a dazed way. ' Just Heaven; no ! David Hartley, she is my wife, mine in the sight of God; and but for your cruel plot, your wicked scheming, she would be my sife now in the sightofman. Out of my way, wretch! I am going to my wife!'- - He was moving towards the door of the room, with an awful purpose in his heart and a mad impulse to see her arnd be avenged. : At the door David :Hartley over took him and laid his hand upon his arm. 'Charlie!' in a low, commanding tone, h'be brave, be a man! Why trouble her now, since, right or wrong, the deed is done, the word is spoken ? She is TristramO'Shea's wife, and you can never be anything to her--never ! Believe me, Charlie, it is true, quite true!' ' I will not.! :-You.are false, false to the core, David Hartley ! Do you ask me to, believe you-you from Whose vile plot- I have. just escaped? Unhand me I Stand back I say, or ' - A swik thought,, like an inspiration, swept over David Hartley's heart. 'I' will prove it to you, O'Shea,' he -said.. ' Come with me, and you shall see the bride; and then I am sure you will be convinced. You shall see with out being seen, Come.' Without a word or gesture, Charlie O'Shea ' followed Hartley from the drawing-room down the long hall to the wing of the building which contained the dining-room. Connected with it was a large closet. Hartley led the way to his closet, and Charlie O'Shea stepped inside. There was a door going out from n.the closet into the dining-room; over this door was a small crevice, quite large enough, however, for a glimpse of the interior of the room. Charlie stepped upon a box and applied his eyes to the aperture, while D)avid Hartley hastened back to his guests. A low groan passed Charlic's lips as his eyes fell upon the scene with in the dining-room. A long table glittering with silv-er and crystal, and wreathed and decorated with flkwers. At the head of the table, in'gleaming satin, with odorous orange blossoms all about her--pale, still, and stately as a snow queen, sat Mrs. Tristram O'Shea ! Near her, his hand soame, though evil, face flushed with wine and triumph, the happy bride groom. The entire affair was going off with edat. But the mlan who loved her better than his life stood like a frozen oreature, his eyes fastened upon the joyless face of the young blride. His own was deathly pale, and he was shaking like a leaf in the wind. Some remark was addressed to Myra, and she replied mechanically. A smile touched her lip; it was like a gleam of wintry sunlight upon a bed of snow. Hne marked all with savage eagerness -the Ipale, statue-like face, the great, golden-brown eyes full of pathos, the forced smiles. the white thin hands. Upon one finger the wedding-ring hung loosely. Buthe did not see that she was wearing still the ring that he had given her- a small diamond, like a spark of fire-for it was half hidden by the bigsolitaire that Tristram O'Shea had forced upon her. Her white hands moved about listlessly as she. partook very sparingly of the dainty viands be fore her. All at once Charlie saw the wedding ring whichnot two hours ago was slipped on her finger with the solerimn ' with .this ring I thee wed,' drop from the small finger and fall to the floor. The bridegroom saw it;in fact hiseyes seldom left the pale little bride, for he watched her - continually. He stooped 'and picked =-up -the'-ring. ?Lyira let it lie beside her plate, and the breakfast ended -thit repast which to her had been so unearthly solemn and long, which had seemed like a feast of death. The bridal party and guests left the room, and the wedding-ring lay upon the table, forgotten. Pale, and panting like one in an awful pain, Charlie O'Shea flung open the door of the closet and faced David Hartley. That gentleman would be no whiter when he lay in his coffin than when he marked the awful light in the eyes of the man whom he had betrayed. They stood there facing each other in dead silence, alone in the deserted room, with the remains of the elegant collation, the dying flowers, the intan gible perfiume. Charlie's eyes wandered over the scene-through this banquet hall deserted--and a wild flash brightened their darksome depths as they fell upon the wedding-ring lying forgotten on the table. With a single bound he sprang forward, and snatching it up, tossed it through the open window far out into the .grounds -beyond.. It fell to the ground and Charlie turned away. 'Now,' he panted hoarsely, as he faced Hartley once more, ' I am ready to settle with you-you villain ! David Hartley, one of us must die ! Iam de termined upon it; we shall not both leave this room alive ! You hive a re volver? Very well. Staind here, David Hartley: we will fire at each other across the table where she sat and entertained her wedding-guests-she, the bride of Tristram O'Shea! The base villain! He has stolen my sole hope of happiness I The betrayer of innocence! Ah, Tristram O'Shea, I have it in my power to punish you I I will brand you with an ineffaceable -mark.- I will make your name a mock and a by- word before the world ! But no, I will wait. The vengeance of Heaven will find him out. But you you who were the abettor and instigator of all- this villainy-you who have helped to ruin my whole life-1 intend to kill you. David Hartley l Come, are you ready to fight?' Be it remembered that Charlio O'Shea had seen quite enough; in- fact, knew quite enough of both Hartley and his precious brother (to be known fully to the reader later on), to render him, for the time being, quite irresponsible for words used, or intentions to be de termined on. He was not the sort-of man who either wouldor could kill any man; to him the thing would have appeared too wickedin any of his insane moments. Hartley's face was pallid with fear; he was- trembling in every limb. 'No, no !' he panted, wildly; ' most certainly not here in my house; and the wedding festivities scarcely over ! I must returnto my guests now, O'Shea -I really must-or (Heaven forbid it !) they my seek me here. My wife or Blanche may come to this room at any moment, it would be horrible! O'Shea, I must go' 'You shall-not!' Charlie O'Shea's eyes flashed like the eyes ola madman. ' We cannot both leave this room alive ! David Hartley, 'one of us must die i Draw your weapon !' There was a flash of a revclver's silver barrel. An ominous darkness gathered 3ver David Hartley's face-a sudden, mad resolve. There was a loud report, a groan of agony, a heavy fall, and Charlie O'Shea was lying upon the floor with the bloodstreaming from his side .. Pale and still, David Hartley stood gazing down upon his work. .The sound of footsteps coming in the direction of the room made Hartley start. He slipped the revolver into his pocket and opened the door to admit a group of startled ser vants. ' I.ift thlisman quickly,'he commanded, and carry him out to the gardener's cottage. He has hurt himself-see the revolver in his hand. Take him awsay before the company shall suspect that anything has happened. The man he addressed had recognised Charlie O'Shea's face. It was the same servant who had delivered Charlie's card to Myra that day long ago. The other servants were strangers, and had no idea of the true state of affairs. Hartley slipped a sovereign into the hand of the old servant-the man who had identified Charlie. IHe : understood. ' I will say nothing, Mr. Hartley, you :may depend upon it,' he said, in an I undertone. I And then Charlie O'Shea'sunconscious form was lifted from tmhe floor and borne swiftly through a side entrance into the grounds to a near cottage in the rear of the hottse, once occupied by the gardener, but now empty. It was coni rortably furnished. They laid the insen sible man down upon the bed, and a physician was summoned. Within the mansion the wedding guests had listened to a fanciful ex planation of the shot which they had heard, and no one suspected anything unusual, save that the absence of the host had provoked com ment. And so Myra went away from her uncle's house to Ravenswood. She did not know that she left behind her, almost tinder the very roof that she had left, the only man whom she had ever loved. Well for her that she did not know all, for theknowledge would have driven her mad. \- CHAPTER IX. AGAIN AT RAVENSWOOD. T"re journey from St. Elmo to Ravenswood was a miserable one for Myra. A rush of bitter memories over powered her for a few moments at the sight of Ravenswood. She recalled the time when she had teen the old house last, while sitting in the carriage at her uncle'o a ;d, with tristram O'Shea standing near-Tt'ristraim O'Shea, whom she had repudiated, scorned, despised -to whom she could scarcely force herself to be courteous, and yet here in this short time-this pitifully short time -she had come back to her childhood's home Tristram O'Shea's wedded wife. She felt her heart grow faint and sick as the remembrance flashed over it. Could it be possible ? Was it really Myra Hartley who had undergone this dreadful change ? No; it was not she that had changed, but circumstances, surroundings, influences. Say what you will, there is nothing like surrounding circumstances to influence and alter and control one's life. In vain do we strive against their power; circumstances to a large extent, regulate our lives, and we have little option in the matter. So there in the pale shadows which gathered about the lovely old place, about the distant pine-woods and every shady nook and bosky dell, the carriage was driven slowly up to the entrance, and in a moment more Myra was stand ing upon the verandah of her old home. I "-,sspitable door was flung open wide, a standing upon the threshold, with her kindly face full of eager welcome and tender affection, was Mrs. Rice. She was really the only human being about the place for whom the girl cared, and perhaps the only person, except one~other, for whom she cared in all the world. Myra cried bitterly. Mrs. Rice's honest face wore a look of distress. 'There, there, honey-dont cry! Don't worry so. It will all come right, honey,' smoothing the beautiful golden hair from which the travelling-hat had fallen unnoticed to the floor. Oh, Miss Myra, AMiss Myra,"-in an awestruck tone-' why did you marry him if you didn't want to ?' The pale, tear-dimmed. face was lifted, the earnest, sad eyes flashed. ' Don't !' panted the girl, softly. 'Don't say a word, Mrs. Rice. He might hear you, ar.d if he was to send you away; I would go too !' "'Nay, nay.' 'I would go, too. Listen, Mrs. Rice. Believe me and pity me, for my heart is broken. I hate him !-hate that man, and he is my husband.' 'Nay, don't i Oh, darling, don't say such dreadful things: You have sworn to love, honour, and obey.' Myra laughed recklessly. , I do not love him, and I cannot honour a bad mtan who as trapped me into a marriage against my will, and as for obeying him'-she stopped short, shaking her head, the red lips com pressed, the ey'es ablaze-' I will not i Mrs. Rice, I shall never be a wife to nim, you see, if I neither love, nor. honour, nor obey. It is all a farce between us-all a farce !' Tristram O'Shea had gone out to in spect the stables, leaving his bride to the care of the housekeeper ; therefore, this conversation failed to reach his ears. Perhaps it was just as well for Myra that it was so. The housekeeper conducted Myra up the broad staircase to her old room, and the girl shut herself within. \\\'hat passed there, when she was alone, with no eye but God's to see her, no one will ever know. The lamps were lighted, and the big, bare drawing room looked like an il;uminated sepulchre when Mrs Rice rapped at tthe door of Myra's room, and begged hier to come down to dinner. Myra opened the door, and at the sight of lher Mrs Rice fell back with an ex clamation of shocked surprise. Myra's face was white and drawn, her eyes heav' with weeping. She wore a loose white wrapper, her hair was hanging in an immenese braid down her back, her small feet were thrust mnto velvet slippers. 'I cannot eat anything, Mrs Rice, thank you,' she said, calmly. 'I shall not go down to-night.' 'But Mr O'Sheal' gasped the house keeper. SMIr O'Shea may do whatever he likes,' Myra said. He certainly can't dictate to me in regard to my move ments, as he drove me into this mar riage. If my conduct does not please himn, well, he can go his way. 1 wish hlie rwosld i Mrs Rice shook her head ruefully. 'My child, you are only making trouble for yourself,' she said, sadly. ' And yet I cannot blame her-the poor little creature,' she added, low under her breath. 'I would do the Ssame imysel. Tristram O'Shea is a i bad man l' She went away, and returned after a time with a dainty repast upon a silver waiter. 'Come, dearie, you must eat some thing,' this good old soul insisted; ' and I will stay and share your dinner with you. lust as you used to come to my room long ago and dine with me. Long ago ! Dear, dear, it seems like a hundred years.' Myra echo rd the sigh which escaped Mrs Rice's lips. She felt old and world-worn-this child of not quite nineteen. Surely sh:e had seen enough of the world, and to spare. NMrs Rice had just removed her dinner-tray and gazed at her wan little face. She then left her alone. .1Myra leaned her elbows upon the marble top of the dressing-room, and rested ier chin in her two tosy palms, while she stared at her own reflection in the mirror. *It would he much better to be dead ' she said,- loud And then she became suddenly aware of a presence in the room, and turning swiftly site saw the door was open, and standing upon the threshold, gazing upon her with eyes full of ad miration, was Tristram O'Shea. Her face flushed an angry scarlet. ' How dare you?' she cried, in an angry tone of voice. He smiled and advanced into the room. SI am your husband, Myra; you forget,' he observed, suavely. 'Don't look so indignant, Myra. Well, since it annoys you so, I will go back to the drawing-roomt ; but it's very lonely there without company-and this my wedding-night. Come down, Myra; will you not ? No matter, your face is charming. I never knew before you were so lovely. Come down and en liven my solitude. It is horrible to be alone. I never court loneliness, I assure you. There is something un canny in the silence of a house. And when I sit alone I fancy all sorts of things.' ' Don't ! For mercy's sake, hush !' she intervened, in a voice of terror. '1 will go downstairs, if you wish.' He led the way with alacrity, and MIyra followed him in her pretty white wrapper, but not a bit like a bride. Once within the drawing-room, she sank into a seat and leaned her head upon her hand, gazing into his face with tranquil eyes. 'Well,' site asked, coolly, ' what have you to say to me, Mr O'Shea?' Hle came swiftly to her side, and threw his armns about the slender form. She recoiled with a cry of anger, indignation, disgust. 'How dare you?' she panted. Release me, sir ! Oh, heavens!'-as he drew her into a still closer embrace -'if only Charlie were here-! He would punish you as you deserve, you coward!' For just a moment, astonishment and anger held Tristram O'Shea I dumb. His arms relaxed their grasp ; she writhed away from his embrace and stood in the centre of the room, pale and angry. Her long hair had come unplaited, and fell over tier shoulders in a splendid golden sh.ower. She stood there angry and wrathful, the gold-brown eyes ablaze. S\Vetl--I must say I' Tristratm O'Shca found his voice at last, and the awful silence was broken. ' You must be mad i You are my wife, Myra; you belong to me. Yet when I venture for the first time in my life to put my arms about you, I am relpulsed, scorned, defied, and Charlie O'Shea is thrown into my face as someone to protect you from me ! To protect a wife from the love of her husband !' Myra sank into a seat in outward calmness, yet she was still in a rage. She was dazed, bewildered; there was a numb sensation in her brain, and a feeling that she was a helpless captive, bound hand and foot, and no hope of escape. Yet Tristram O'Shea spoke truly. He was her husband, and to him she owed love and duty. He was her husband, but-- The gold-brown eyes flashed with mad defiance. * I will smake him rue the day that he married me against my will !' she muttered, hoarsely. ' I will make him \- regret the part he has played in this cruel farce. Ah! you cowardly villain, it were better for you if you had died before you forced me to become Mrs Tristram O'Shea!' CHAPTER X. UNMASKED. ' Dear Tristram--I shnll call to see you to-morrow, at ten, in regard to the busi ness lately discussed by us. I atm afraid that we shall have a scene with Myra when she discovers the truth about Ravensllood, antid that the entire estate really belongs to her. I, as her guardian, of course, Iad a right to manage the husines to srit nmyself, so long as no lelw was infringed. Will nrrange with you, about the settlement to-lro rote. Try to break it rently to Myra- Yours as ever, ' D IIArtiLE.' T'he foregoing was a letter from her uncle, sent about a week after the ar rival at Ravenswood, for the private eye of Mr Tristram O'Shea alone. It had bieen left carelessly lying open on \- a chair in the library, and Myra read it. After reading it, pale as a ghost, she went straight to herhusband's dressing room and knocked at the door. Tristranm opened it, and, at the sight of his unexpected visitor, fell back with Sa sharp exclamation. 'Ah, indeed ! quite an honour, to : be sure. To what am I indebted for the pleasure of your company here, \- Mrs O'Shea?' She faced him with calm, accusing eyes. ' This!' she panted, brokenly. Tlristramn O'Shca, this letter lay upon a chair, open, in your library. Thinking, of course, that it was inot private, I read it. I demand to know what Uncle David mieans! If it is as I suspect, then, so help my goodness, 1 will blazon his infamy and yours to the Sworld ! You shall ble marked, branded, ostracised ! No one will name you but a with execration. Ah! Tristrar, O'Sheas r did you and Uncle David reaLdy exlect to carry your game through without Sdetection ? I tell you (;od is just, and watches over poor, friendless creatures r like myself, and I do not fear.' a To nE CONTINEuID. 