NOBODY'S BABY, FOB THE MINER. -By JACK RUGBY. ' £ÀM rlght» ra erv oU to tho Author.] CHAPTER IV. JEP. MARTIN QUINN started violently at the abrupt intrusion of Aunt Jan, lind a large bottle of ink was sent rolling down the office table, bat Aunt Jan intercepted its progress before it had done any damage to" the black silk and fine lace of the díress worn by Mrs. Preston, who was resting an arm on the table. With the later events of the morn- ing the presence of that baby had for the time escaped Mrs. Preston's memory, and to be thus suddenly broueht face to face with it again -and before. the secretary, too raised her ire. , »The stick came down with a ringing thud on the floor that woke iE5a echoes and caused the secretary to start afresh. ; " Am I never to be obeyed ? never ! Did I not over and over again order the police to bed nf ormed, so that the child might be put on the State ?" lAunt Jan looked piteously from mistress to secretary, saying, " Please, ma'am, might I speak to you a minute ?" 1'i'he secretary rose and left the library. "Well," she snapped, "What's the mystery ?" . For answer Aunt Jan opened her hand, holding out on the palm a small gold pin. " What is this ?" asked her mis- tress, taking it to the window to examine. " I found it pinned to the band of its frock," said the faithful hench woman, lowering her voice, " an'I think I've seen it afore, missus." The sharp eyes were inspecting it closely, and, judging by the look on her face, she, too, had seen it " afore." On the inner side, on a small gold plate, -were engraved three ini- tials that set the old heart flutter- ing and brought a new light to the keen, grey eyes. The letters were " L. H. P." Com- mon enough, perhaps ; hundreds of people might have the same ; still, she only knew one who ever had, and the memories of the past few years came crowding back on her. " Did you say the child was ill ?" she demanded, as she tamed sharply on the patient old Aunt Jan. "Tes, ma'am, it do seem bad; an' the cook says we'll have to get a doctor, for if it died on our hands it would be a pretty kettle of fish for all.of us." . " Let the cook mind her own business," came the angry retort ; "and see that her mouth is kept closed to anyone outside tho house on this matter. Now, fetch the child to me." Aunt Jan sped out, and in a few minutes was back with the baby in her arms. "I don't think there's anything wrong but a little stomach cramp," she remarked, as Aunt Jan placed it in an easy position across her arm arid succeeded in hushing its cries a'little. " Turn it round till I see the face. Dear me ! What an astounding like- ness," she cried aghast, as sho caught sight of the large, wide eyes, with the long, 'fringed lashes.. "What dreadful mystery is this?" In the name of all that is sacred who can have placed that child on my door- step ? And whose child can it be V Aunt Jan ^hook her head help- lessly, still hushing the baby. " Did you hot notice the likeness before, Aunt Jan ?" asked the mis- tress, whose agitation was becoming painful tb see. No; Aunt Jan had not noticed it, and she began to take the long turn tip and down the length of the library' to quiet the baby. "Has anyone else in the house noticed it?" "No, ma'am." " Has the cook noticed it ?" " She didnt't say, ma'am." "Did you show the pin? Aunt Jan, whoso child do you think this is ?" " The Land knows, ma'am." " That's no answer." "For the living life of me, I couldn't say, ma'am." " Was no one about when it was left on the front step ?" "Not a soul, ma'am. So it seems." , "Howlong do you think it was there?" ' " I couldn't say, ma'am ; it was cold and crying when I got it." " Aunt Jan, I'll give yon a hun- dred pounds if you find ont whoso baby this is ?" . ' " Oh, ma'am, I couldn't find out for ten thousand hundred pounds I" said Aunt Jan solemnly, looking anxiously at her mistress, whose agitation was alarming her. " Don't yon take on so, missus," she said per- suasively. " Just take your time to think what's to be done. Only, let's send for a doctor in case some- thing do happen." Under the persuasive powers of Aunt Jan, Mrs. Preston became amenable to reason, and in a short ,time the doctor was there, giving ,tiis verdict on the small mite. It viras not in immediate danger ; still,' for humanity's sake, they had better catlin a minister and have it bap- tised, as no doubt it had never been done. Martin Quinn was called back to his post and told to get to work, as the letters had to be posted that afternoon; so that half an hour after he was sitting quietly at work when the door was opened and Mrs. Preston ushered in a minister, fol lowed by Aunt Jan and the baby, after -whom came the cook and Mrs. Backhouse, the gardener's wife, curious to see the ceremony. Aunt Jan laid on the table a towel and white china basin with water. This was at ? a centre table in the library, some distance from where the secretary sat writing. The two tables were in a line, and as the clerk sat at the side he could, by the slightest movement, watch all the proceedings. The minister took the baby from Aunt Jan, and, glancing at the mis- tress, who stood grimly at the end of the table, yet with a curious in- terest in her face, asked, "What is the name, Mrs. Preston /" It was a peculiar thing that not one of them had thought of a name for the child; and yet it was about to be christened. " Really, Mr, I have no 'name ; I never thought of one. You see the child is nothing to me. It is not mine, nor has it any manner .of claim on me. I am simply acting Samaritan, in deference to the doctor." The minister bowed and smiled, saying, " Of course, we must have a name, otherwise I cannot- bap- tise it." " Oh, certainly," she answered. "Oh, lor', missus, anything'll do for the like of that. 'Taint nobody's baby," cried the cook,- in a moment of imbecility. It must have been that, or madness, to make her take so great a liberty with old Mrs. Preston. The words were no sooner out of her mouth than she was seized with the instinct of self-preservation and made a frantic rush through the creen baize doors, which had hardly sprung together again when the ebony stick came down on them with a crash. The minister looked slightly alarmed as he took in the scene, with the baby still in hts arms ; while the secretary took a fresh dip of ink with the inspiration of one who has just drunk champagne. " Now, you go, too, madam !" she cried imperiously, as she pointed Mjs. Backhouse through the folding doors. And that lady went with a submissive littlo bow. " Now, let's have this over," she said, turning and addressing the minister. " Call it Jeptha. It is a good long name, and will do very well when it has only one to go by." So. Jeptha it was..,"_ ? ; Out of reverence foYttíé" occasion the secretary ceased his writing, holding his pen suspended over a half-finished letter, while the words came clearly to his ears-"I bap- tise thee in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost Jeptha." A sigh of relief seemed to go up from the little party as the baby was handed back to Aunt Jan,* who took it in her arms and - kissed it heartily, the secretary watching her furtively the while. Aunt Jan went sailing into the kitchen with the small treasure hold close and her face beaming with delight. A baby to nurse ! A baby all to themselves. What a wind- fall. "Yes, you may smile!" said the cook, turning round savagely-" I'll make her remember this. .Yes, I will. She dare strike, me with her old black stick !. Well, I never. To think of such a thing ! Never heard of such a thing in all my days! Strike me with her stick and before the parson, too.' And that new clerk I But he's only a boy -an' a small one at that. Strike me, would she ? Why, I ain't been struck since long before me and-an' she's been dead years ago ! Well, I declare ! I never in all my life ! 'Course, I know she's got a temper ; but I never thought she'd lose it be- fore the servant of the Lord 1 Never did ! Did you ever ! Well, I never did!" ".Don't you take no notice, cook," said Aunt Jan soothingly, as she heated some milk in a saucepan. " We all know the missus. She's a good one-better than a good, many, 1 think. One of the béstthis'side of M«l bourne, I'll bet ! Look at our wilges, and the way we're kept like lighting cocks. But we all know she'won't stand her toes get- ting stepped on, and that's what you did just now, cook. Why, / daren't do such- a thing-not I ! But you see if she don't do some- thing handsome by this baby, now -just for that-you saying it was of vno account. Opposition's the life of her. If I say one thing, she's bound to do another. Sho lives by contraries. It aerees with her. She thrives on it, an' it helps to keep her alive. Now, this here child's christened Jeptha." " What ?'.' chorused the cook and Mrs. Backhouse. "Jeptha." " Law ! What a name." "Oh, it ain't so bad, seeing there was no time to pick and choose, and we can call her Jep for short," said Aunt Jim. " And that is how. Jep came to Pres .ton Towers. ' (To be continued.) 