608 BLIZZARD IK AFRICA. His Shipwreck and Adventures. E«!IU1 ud B«v.Md by Hit Maphew, Benjamin Bunting. (I. Itciijiiniiii ISiiiitiiie;, so cliristcmMl in IMttO, tlo hereby (li'Hiirc lliiil 1 inn fully niitliorisctl by my Inle uncle, Mr. ICoIhtI ICIizxard, deceaHeil, to revise, correct, mill publish llic*w aiillieiilic iiccimimIs of his Adventures on llic l»nrk Ooiitineut, ami to larniNli any cxplnuulioiis necessary to iiilnpl (lie sitine to (lie niiml* of modern rentiers, anil for (lie benefit of* the public, which I readily will do to the best of my ability.) CHAPTER VIII. The proposal of Senhor Guilherme to accompany me to Katanga seemed most advantageous to me, for I could never have felt any security in travel ling with Pedro and Bapiista, and in Sennor uuunerme 1 recognised one who not only was thoroughly experi enced in travelling, but who would also be a pleasant and agreeable com panion on the march. We returned together to Kambola, and he took up his quarters with me, and sent up a message to King Kongo that he would call on him in the morning. Among my new com panion's servants was one who was a very decent cook, and from the plentiful supplies which were furnished to us he soon contrived a comfortable meal, which was much more appetis ing than the messes which, with all his good- will, Bill had been providing me, and the food we washed down with some good coffee. After this meal we had a long con versation, and Guilherme in the course of it told me that the journey up to Katanga would be a very long and difficult one, but that, as he intended to take none but good men, he would assist me in selecting those I was to choose from the slaves of Senhor Ferreira. At last, well pleased with the chance which had thrown me in the way of this new acquaintance, I went to bed and slept soundly until in the morning I was aroused by the sound of the big drums. ? I found Guilherme already on foot and inquiring what might be meant by the drums being beaten, and we soon found that they were answering others which were announcing the return of Munyi Hombo from his search after the man I had shot, and the people said that he had not only found the dead man, but also had two prisoners. I asked how they could possibly tell this, and they said that the drums told them, and Guilherme said that the people were able to talk on their drums about all sorts of things, and that as each village was bound to repeat the signals, news was carried to great distances very quickly and accurately. Guilherme now said he was going to see Kongo, who was an old friend of his and his father, and as it was always a good thine; to be friends with these chiefs, he was going to make him a present, and her thought I should do so too. ' How on earth can I make a present ?' I asked. ' I have only the clothes I stand up in !' ' I know that,* answered Guilherme. ' But I have a lot of things here which 1 brought on purpose, and we can divide them.' He called to some of his men, and they brought a couple of boxes into our hut, and, unpacking them, showed me a quantity of hawks' bells, large beads and bangles of copper and iron, and two old uniform coats. To these he said, as Kongo had taken up the matter of the Humbi people in a friendly sort of way, he would add n couple of muskets, four pounds of gunpowder, and a dozen gun-flints, which, as it was very rare that they gave any guns to the natives, would be ' counted as a - most valuable present. We had scarcely finished arranging our presents when messengers came to tell us that King Kongo was ready to receive us, and we were conducted up to the top of the hill, if possible with even more ceremony and pre caution than the day before. When Kongo appeared, he, instead of at once sitting down in bis chair, came and shook hands with Guilherme, and was going then to take his seat without noticing me, but Guilherme said something to him, when he also shook hands with me, and then sat down and lighted his pipe, while Guilherme's servants — for to-day this fell on him— handed liquor round, and when drinking was finished the presents were spread out Old Kongo's eyes glistened as he saw the beads, bells, and bangles, and his wives and women gigled with delight. The two coats were also much admired, but when the two muskets were brought out a regular chorus of approval burst forth, arid Kongo so far forgot his kingly dignity as to express his delight at receiving such a valuable present, and they were at once handed over to two of his wives, to be stored away in his own particular hut. As soon as the business of the presents was concluded, Kongo told us that Munyi Hombo would arrive when the sun was right overhead, and that he had heard by his drums that the parly sent against Humbi had met a party of my caravan, and that they would arrive the next morning. We again went into the clump of trees with him, and visited the point from which Kongo used to look out, and, pointing in the direction of Munyi Hoinbo's village, he said he could see him and his people coming. I strained my eyes to their utmost, but was forced to confess I could see nothing, though Kongo not only said he saw the party, hut also could count the number of men it was composed of. Guilherme and I now returned to our huts, and I was much interested in all he told me about his journeys, though necessarily my stock of Por tuguese being limited to what I had picked up since my arrival at Ben gueila, 1 could not understand all that he said, though, as I had had no one to speak English to, I had made much more progress in speaking the language than 1 otherwise should. As Kongo had told us, at noon Munyi Hombo arrived, and old Kongo had been actually correct about the number of men in his party, j though when he told us how many they were they must have been at I least eight miles away from Kambola. | They had not only found the man I had shot, and brought his head with them, but had also captured his two companions. It seemed that the one I had wounded suspected that his companion was going to leave him to his fate, and, taking advantage of his looking another way, had knocked him over with his club, and that the two had then had such a struggle that they were both disabled, and were found lying on the ground about half a mile from the corpse of their com 'panion. They had not received over tender handling from Munyi Hombo and his men, and were now in a most wretched condition. A message came from Kongo immediately after their arrival that Hombo and his men were to take their prisoners up to him, as well as an invitation to Guilherme and me to come up and see justice administered. Guilherme told me that we had better make an excuse, as the unfortunate wretches were certain to be cruelly tortured and ultimately put to death, and that as he was certain we could do no good, neither of us would find pleasure or profit in the sight. I fully agreed with him, and proposed that to pass away the time we should go for a stroll' towards a remarkably fine clump of trees about a mile away from the village, and which, having all the surrounding trees and undergrowth cleared away, stood out clearly on the plain. Guilherme said he would come, and followed by his servant and Bill carrying our guns, we started off towards it. We had not got half way before some people came running after us, and wanted to know why we were going in that direction. Guil herme told them that we had been attracted by the size and beauty of the trees, and were only going to have a look at them, and if, as it was probable, we found any pigeons there we should try and shoot some. On hearing that we intended to shoot there was a great hullabaloo, and we found that the grove was a great fetish, being the burial-place of King Kongo's family, and that no one was permitted to enter it without the permission of either Kongo or the lelishmen who was the guardian of it. 'Well,' said Guilherme, 'I think it will be worth seeing, but we shall have to pay something to this fetish man. Shall we go on ?' I could not help feeling anxious, yet I said that I should like to go and see the place, so Guilherme asked whether the guardian of the grove was there or in the village, and was told that he was never permitted to quit the immediate neighbourhood of his charge, but that his granting leave to any one to enter the grove was not at all to be counted upon. At «t * * »«*« *? «*t 0m* «c I Nwmi a ht-*4 pub lUvtA, **4 th«| In* t*s imM^-*4 ? ?*& i***£ »fet U*M [**-»* tMMii ttwit at gnm i8bmt4 m* i*-«. 1*4 O*t ti* u*t* tfeawttti At rtr tmamtM i* thtt ?*« tfe*e# m test Nrt* »ith ?hiu««fc«J ??Hi. »* mhmh mm* defected in »t*j mm§ falsest »wde figerr* of met* and bcuU. la time huts the fettttitnaa and bit tamiif lited, tad sm faynd Ma tiuin« im a stool outside one, »rookiftjt hit pipe. On our aiking permission to go inside, be at fiftt Mid that it **i quite impossible to give leave (or tnv one to go in, but he toon begin to bt more yielding when Guilherme pro mised him a liberal present, for though he must hive been of an immense age he was stilt quite alive to present profit. Calling for some of his attendants, the old man, who was bent nearly double, and the scanty remains of whose wool would have been white if it had not been for the dirt with which it was encrusted, ordered the entrance to be unbarred. Inside we found seven great mounds, which were the tombs of Kongo's predecessors, all of whom, our guide said, had been buried there either in his own time or that of his father. Besides these were many graves of various sizes, which, lilte the larger ones, all were made in an east-and-west direction. At the head of each grave was a hut with open sides, and disposed underneath them were pots of beer and provisions cooked and uncooked, and in some cases rolls of cloth and strings ol beads, whilst round the eaves were hung human skulls, and on posts planted around were the horns of buffaloes, antelopes, and the jaws of hyenas, panthers, and other wild beasts, but to the royal graves was reserved the great honour of being surrounded by human skeletons secured to stakes in an upright position, while in the huts at the head of their graves provisions, cloth, etc., were provided in profusion. I asked why the graves were of different sizes, and the old ghoul who was taking us round showed his toothless gums in a ghastly grin, and said, ' Why a great chief like Kongo when he dies must be accompanied into the next world by wives and slaves to attend on him, and warriors to defend him,' and that when Kongo's father died over two hundred had been sent to accompany him to the spirit world, and that the other mem bers of the family had varying numbers killed and buried with them, so as to afford an escort in concordance with their dignity. In the trees were roosting vultures and turkey-buzzards, either too tame or too lazy to pay any attention to us, and these fed upon the offal of the goats and other things which we were told were sacrificed every day to pro vide provision for the royal ghosts. In the centre of the whole place was a large hut where were stored the death-drums, which are only beaten at the death of a chief, and axes and knives which were also used on those occasions in the dispatch of victims. Whilst we were looking at these evidences of a barbarous belief we heard the drums up in King Kongo's eyrie beating, and thinking that this might betoken some news, we left the royal cemetery and hastened towards Kambola. When we got near we were astonished to see a number of people near the precipitous part whence King Kongo had shown us how his people answered to the signals on the war-drum, and watching closely to see what they could be doing we saw two people pushed over the precipice on to the rocks beneath, while all the time the drums were beaten in a dull monotonous manner. When we arrived at our huts we were informed that Kongo had sat in judgment on the two sham demons whom Munyi Hombo .had brought in, and after having extorted a confession from them that they and the chiefs of Humbi had practised magic against him and robbed his people, Kongo had ordered them to be thrown over the rocks. Munyi Hombo, who told us this, seemed quite delighted that he had captured the two, because he had therefore been selected to con duct the execution, and described how they struggled whilst they were being bound, and how they screamed and begged for mercy as they were dragged to the brink of the precipice. Guilherme said he was afraid now that Kongo had tasted blood he would be like a wild beast, and would not quiet down till he had satisfied his lust for slaughter, and said that we would have to be very careful not to give him any chance of offence, or we might have to pay dearly to save our lives. I said to Guilherme that he would surely not dare to harm him, especially as he had an escort of slaves armed with guns, but that if there were likely to be any difficulty we should do our best to leave the place at once. ' Unfortunately, Senhor Roberto,' he said, ' we cannot here depend on the slaves, as they have seen Kongo's power, and believe him to be a big fetishman, and if we leave now we shall lose all the goods in Senhor Ferreira's caravan, and your friends Pedro and Baptista will be sure to be put to death along with the Humbi wizards ; I am certain you do not wish that, so we must wait quietly until the men sent out to bring them in return.' To Be Continued. ' I've asked you to be mine,' he said, ' And I have failed to win you. You say you'll be my 'sister.' There's No kindliness within you.' 'Ah, yes,' she said, 'I mean it well. Does not the Good Book plainly tell : ' Let brotherly love continue ?' ' 