WITHOUT A HOME BY MRS. BAKU. CHAPTER VL A REACTION. "She keeps so still that I feel bad about her," said Landlord White to hia wife the next morning after Amy had been imprisoned in the shed. " Just go and take a peep at her to see that she isn't altogether dead." " Oh, you big baby I I believe you're afraid that she is dead," answered the woman. "Bat to please you I'll peep in on her." How busy Dave was juflt then, cramming down his food as if he never expected to see another breakfast, not daring to look up lest his face should betray him. «• Wby ; the door is unlocked, and the girl gone 1" said the woman, in surprise. • " Gone ?" cried Dave and the landlord in a breath, springmg to their feet at the same time, and ruaUng to the shed. " Yes, nhe'» goae," repeated Mrs. White, a look of hsfgle&Tage; coming over ber face," and some one helped ber, too. Was it yeu ?' eke asked, turning sharply on the boy. "Me? Mather White, who do you take me for 1 After your warning last night, it is hardly likely that I would interfere again. Besides, you locked the door, and I hain't no keys of y jura, have I ?" " Not that I know of," she replied, in a softer tone, completely deceived by his manner and look of innocence. "1 guess that the spirits, which the people are talking so much about, helped her to get away," he said, after a few moments of anxious deliberation. " Get out of this, you young rascal, with your stories of hobgoblins and spirits. Who sayB there are ghosts in this house?" asked the woniM, every nerve in her body shaking with superstitious dread. A new idea flashed into Dave's brain. " I say so. I see a ghost every night walking in the long passage near your room, moaning and wringing her hands. I have stood and watehad her, and I know it is Amy's matber, for she keeps talking about her child." The boy did net stop to oonsidei that ghosts are not usually invested with colloquial powers, at least not since the days of Hamlet, and hie listeners took no note of it, for they stood, with distended eyes, drinking in every word, as the boy enlarged on the appearance of the onearthly apparition, with the traditional white gown floating about her. *' And if the girl should be dead —drowned herself, for instance— not a soul in this house '11 be able to sleep for the moaning " But Dave didn't finish the sentence, for his mistress made a plunge at him, which hedextrously avoided, and fled from the kitchen, taking refuge in the stable, and gave expression to some of the boisterous mirth that waa convulsing him with laughter. Two hours after the lad re-entered the inn, bearing in his hand a soaked shoe, such as Amy had worn the evening before, and held it up to the mistress. " It is hers, and I found it swimmin' on the meadow spring. The water looked so black and mod-like that I almost turned sick." ^ The conviction seemed to come on her by degrees that she had driven the girl to commit suicide, but when it settled itself into truth, every vestige of colour left her face, and she fled from the room. Upstairs her husband found her, and at once suggested that the spring be dragged for the body. " No, no," she cried, in alarm. " Would you have me known as the one who drove her to it? Just you say s word about it, and Til make • The Seven Stars' too warm to hold you." " But Dave will tell it if I don't," persisted the man. " Leave that to me," she replied, If he breathes a whisper to any one, he'll not get the chance to drown himself" So it was arranged that the body Bhould remain where it was for the time. Word was sent to Jones' that Amy had run away from the hotel, and totally indifferent to her fate, they made no inquiries about iier. The days floated by, the days ran into weeks, a month had passed, and secure in the fearful silence that shrouded the terrible tragedy, die inmates of the tavern settled down to the old life. To be sure, the woman often started guiltily, and turned white at every unwonted sound. However, this fear was growing less, and some of the old asperity was coming back to her face, when, standing in the door-way one morniug, «he saw a sight that made her heart cease beating for a moment. At one glance she recognised the visitors, and ruBhed up to her room as the couple drew their horses up at the door. Peeping through the blinds to find out if tijey had really stopped, she saw the gentleman lift the girl from the Saddle, and she exclaimed: '-It is her I Xt» is JDdifcli Meredithr CHAPTER VII. UNPLEASANT QUESTIONS. The lady is asking for me, did <*u say," Dave? Just tell her that down in a moment Why 4rf> standing there, aiding' kt* me like a fool ? ' " 'Cause you look mighty like n ghost," was the imprudent reply c»f the boy, ni he gazed at the whiUface of tlie wuiuaii he had Come b' $aromou. ~ A lvo^of flasbed into £her yfea, and couiitdojM' ; neck. Don't yon say a word about that girl If they ask you, or I'll choke you, just so !" and her fingers closed tightly over bis throat He made an effort to disengage himself, as a ray of intelligence shot into his eyes. He knew now why the woman looked so pale and Bhook like a leaf, for he had seen the beautiful girl down stairs before, and like a flash, it came to him that she was the one that Amy had told him about. " Let go my neck, and I'll promise you anything," he said. " And keep it, too ?" -Yes, indeed. Trust me to keep my word. Dave Roberts never forgets a promise." The fingers relaxed their hold, and, breathing more freely, the boy departed to report that the mistress would be along as soon as possible. When he was gone, Mrs. White took down the dress that she had worn to Amy's aunt's, more than six weeks before, and hastily made tier toilet, smoothing her bair as she looked about for the glasses which she wore before strangers, because it looked more respectable, she thought. Not finding tbern, she mechanically thrust her hand into her pocket and pulled out—not the glasses— but the money that Amy had been accused of stealing. This did not serve to calm her troubled mind, but putting on the beat face possible, she wenfe-down, smiling amT bowing to the lady and gentleman with an obsequiousness that nearly upset Edith's gravity. Oscar at once broached the subject. " My sister tells me that she, on a former oocasion, met a young girl here. Can we see her ?" " To be sure you could, if the dear child was here; but a terrible accident has happened since your sister saw her. The creek was very high, and just as the poor girl was crossing it she fell in, and that's the last that has ever been heard of her." " It is very strange that we heard nothing of this, and living not more than eight miles from here," replied the gentleman, suspiciously. " Was the body never found ?" asked Edith, with a face as pale as a pond lily. " Bless your heart, the water was too high for anything of that kind. Couldn't begin to drag the stream with that flood rushing along." " What was her name \" asked Oscar, abruptly. "Amy Jones. Now I come to think of it, your sister married a Jones, didn't she ?" " My sister's marriage has nothing to do with the subject, madam- Please confine yourself to it in your remarks,wa3 the haughty reply. Edith, I can see no use in our remaining here any longer." " Nor L *Oh, Oscar, who could have dreanied of our mission ending in this way ?" and the tear'a sprang to her eyes. He bent his head, and whispered: "Be calm, Edith. Dont parade your sorrow before these people, or our secret will be theirs." She hastily dried up her tears, and passed out, leaning on her brother's arm, bravclj T keeping back the grief that was swelling her bosom. The horst^ were waiting, held by the landlord; aud lifting his sister into the saddle, Oscar tossed the man a crown for his trouble, and they galloped away. Miss Meredith was a good rider, but it required all her skill to keep her seat, as, turning a sudden bend in the road, her horse gave a quick plunge, and shied to the other side of the turnpike. " What do you meau ?" asked the gentleman sharply of a boy, who had jumped over the fence and Beared the animal " I mean to be here just now," was the sullen reply. " That's a nice way to talk to a person when he-wants to be of use to you. Oh, golly I didn't that old woman lie like the dickens V "Do you know anything of the girl, Amy Jones?"' asked Oscar, a dim perception dawning on his mind that he should get at the truth from the boy. " More'n she'd like me to tell"— pointing in the direction of the house, and shaking his fist in a vindictive manner—" for she said she'd choke me to death if I opened my mouth." " Go on, go on," cried Oscar aud Edith at once. " Well, I will, if you'll give me a little time, 1 ' replied Dave, puffing and blowing. " It took mighty fast running to get here before you, and I'm almost out ot breath. About two weeks after J T OU folks drove away in such high glee, Mother White came into the kitchen and told Amy that she had robbed her. The girl turned like a ghost, and almost swore that she hadn't seen the money, but the woman shut her up in the wood-shed, saying that 6he should stay there till she confessed. I tried to keep her ont, but the old one pitched me to the other side of the kitchen, and threw the poor thing in more dead thaa alive. I was cunning enough for her, though, and after they were all asleep I stole down and took Amy out to the pump, washed her faoe tjill she came ^o, and gave her all the money I had to take her to New York. Mother White really believes that she is drowned, for I brought in & shoe next morning, letting on that I found it in the water. I did, bat I put it there, too." " Did Amy ictiow any one in New York r asked the gentleman. " An old woman that used to keep house /or her father. She thought that she could find her.* " Great Heaven!" cried Oscar, growing pale in an instant. "JTujjfc think of that child, alone in the great city, without home, friends, pr money, hunting far a person, who may have moved a dozen times since she icney her. Bdiih, ishp had far better ,be lying b&ppaHT4he; .cold .^v^Xfettr.?; " It is impossible to think otherwise. But you meant well, and your secret shall be kept, for the time at least." " You'll try to find her, may be ?" said Dave, doubtfully. " 1 shall leave no means nntried to do so. Can I aid yoiTin any way ?"-asked Oscar. " If you can4ielp me tx> a situation, where Ioould find time to pick up a little learning from books now aud then, I'd be mighty much obliged to you." "Do you want an educationf* asked the gentleman, looking at him in some surprise. " More than anything on earth," answered Dave* with an eagerness that almost transfigured his homely, freckled face into a handsome one. " I promised my mother on her dying bed to learn all I could—to study hard if I got the chanca" " I'll remember your kindness to Amy," was the gentleman's brief reply. " Good-bye." CHAPTER VTIL ALONE. The feeling of loneliness that came over Amy, when Bhe fully realized that she was lost in the great city, baffles description; ana sinking down on a step, weary and hungry, the girl began to cry. The beautiful faith in a divine power, which had been instilled into her mind frem early infancy, seemed to recede from her. Presently a man's footsteps sounded on the pavement of the lonely street near ber, and she jumped to her feet with a cry of alarm. The stranger came close enough to speak. " Don't be alarmed," he said, " I'll not hurt you. What are you doing out so late ?" His tone and kindly manner reassured her, and going toward him, she exclaimed: " Oh, dear, kind sir, I am lost. Please, will you put me into Thirty-second street ? I have just arrived here, and must look for my friends." The pale beams from a neighboring gas- lamp fell on her face, and its exquisite beauty struck the man at once. Turning to the light he took out his watch. " A beautiful girl lost in this great city at two o'clock in the morning! Who'll be the wiBer if she's never heard from at home ?" he thought. *' Have you any friends ?" he asked, aloud. " None except the one I am looking for," was the imprudent repJy. " I am an orphan." A gleam of triumph shot into the man's eyes. " Suppose you go home with me to-night, and find your friends in the morning," he said, in an insinuating tone. " You are very, very kind to mo. Papa always told me that God would answer prayer, and I was praying whgp you came along. I am sure He "sent you to help me," she added, eagerly, ashamed of the weak doubts that bad arisen in her hour of peril. The gentleman—he was well dressed, and called himself one— smothered an exclamation of disgust before it left his lips, and drawing her hand through his arm, hurried her along at a rapid pace. After fifteen minutes of fast walking, he paused before a handsome house, took out a latch-key, unlocked the door, and ushered bis strange guest into his home. She entered without a doubt of honour of the man, felt no misgivings for the future, and laid her head on tha soft pillow, when she was shown to her room, with a prayer of thanks on her lips to the Father, who had been so mindful of her. (To be Continued.) 