FLASHES White lies are not spotless. One is apt to strike a happy vein in the vicinity of the funny- bone. Poverty may be no crime, but a good many people regard it as a serious mis. determining al ICIIHI. A fish seldom gets into trouble if it keeps its mouth shut and the same might be said of a man. Nails should be sold by auction. They go well under the hammer. Honinrso of conscience does not begin to call the sinner real hand that often he has been found out. Man is a killer who never grows too old to claiRe its tail. When a lady is present, circumstances are apt to alter curses. a Many a man believes himself to bea pessimist when he is only in reality, a ( dyspeptic. Disappointment first comes in life to the baby who has a horse given to him for a present, and (lion finds he hasn't got wind enough to blow it. If there is anyone who should he "nipped in slumber," it is the man who snores. You can't eat your cake and have it, too. But it's different with an onion, or two evils choose the least; a sluggish liver is hotter than a tender conscience. On the turf a good living is seldom got out of "(lend certainties." Seeing is believing, but hearing is the next thing to it, when your neighbour's 'character is being destroyed by a spicy bit of scandal. When it comes to demonstrating that his belief in spooks is well founded the most thorough-going bpiriluuliBt firming a ghost of a chance. Many a man has won the Victoria Cross who is afraid to face life dontiBt. ' Some people are apparently been great in order that they may achieve indignity choice. ' If we literally obeyed the apostolic injunction to prove all things life would speedily become as little exhilarating as the proceedings of an assize court. Too many cooks spoil the brolly and that's one of the reasons why Buchannan ber of people give up housekeeping, and live in hotels. The prophet who is, honoured in his own country is certainly not the meteorological person who officially fore to 18 the weather. Some of the matches that are made in heaven are apparently "dipped" in a place where briiiiBtono is more abundant. Without actually departing from the letter of the truth, it is astonishing what different Stories two thoroughly respectable men can tell to a jury: ' Out of the office the man was thrown, Down a couple of flights of stairs; He had no business of his own, And he wouldn't let others attending theirs. Mr. Cobb recently married,MÍSB,,Webb. Ilo know that they were meant to be joined as soon as he spied for. Anxious Mother: "Our daughter hasn't touched an onion for a mouth." Anxious Father: "Thondt's time to get a dog, a' "Young man," said the old politician, "you've got to give up either politics or golf. The two voüabula,r¡os¡won't jibe." "And what do you regard as the great cost triumph of modern surgery?"' "Col looting the bills, ' proiiiptly'renpondo,d lins grout practitioner. Tommy Triggs, whilst being punished by his schoolmaster, called, out for mercy. The schoolmaster, continuing his punishment, told him he must not speak to the turn in the west. When IIUB a prophet honour in his own country?" inquired the tnlker-at-lurgo. When he has the sense to refrain from saying: "I told you so," answered the practical friend. Why She Sings. Mrs White: I like to hear a servant-girl sing at her work. It shows a good disposition." Mrs Black: "Not always. I think our girl sings because She has a grudge against us. ' THE WAR QTJIPSTER ON THE WAR- PATH. The door-keeper appeared. "Please, sir," he murmured, "there's a man on the stairs who wants to sell you a joke about the present campaign doing a lu-Roor-ioiiB one." " "Land him!" ourtly retorted the elli tor. The door-keeper retired, and presently returned breathing heavily. "Well, you landed him?" inquired the editor, expectantly. ' - "Yes, sir." , Did he make any remark?" "He did, sir!" replied the door-keeper, more, in anger than in sorrow., He had the impudence to observe. that he presumed from the impact that my boot was a Number Eight-lander-thal a the correct Boor pronunciation, he said-and that he proposed to go home and elaborate the joke a little, and then come round to- morrow morning and submit it for your consideration." The editor dropped Badly forth to seek a month prop. 