The Awakening of Asia. Thk People's reprint of H. M. Hvndman's uplemid articl- in Juttice should not fail -to prove a regular eve-opener to tt'one people ?who cannot clearly fee the inner1 workings of capitalism. Hyndmon pertinently ask*, re the attitode of Anti-Boer journal* in England wbicb cry ' bands on ' in China. '? Why this Little Englandiam' all of a sudden 1 Because tne job is too big. Because we have enough on our hands eloewhere.' Well, yes, I think so,|for one reason ; -and another rea on^tbe Socialist's, not the capitalist's) that the B i tish workman will not get the ghost of an atom of benefit from either the temporary or the perma nent occupation of China by Bri tain, for the good and sufficient rea-on that Thomas Workman does not yet control B itain'a interna tional comme ie By the way, Mr. Editor, what is the Britivh worke. '? share of the £80,000,000 which Britain ianu ally draws from India. Perhana the following is some of it. A girl employed by tie controller of the Bi tningiam { en making in dun try, who is supposed to earn £2 ?Oi- £3 a week — No, no,— five Of six shillinge a week, owes her employer 18s, another owes £2, and other* have debts against them -anging from £5 to £10 Now I II stake my last capiialistic shirt that no Brer maiden ever wo ked for such a wage in her own country, and the Boera do not handle lnd»a'« £30,000,000 Nor yet do they handle the- £1,360,000, ?000 the annual national eat ninga of the free and noble Britons. Well indeed may the intelligent China man say cf Britain, '''tetyour own house in o der, learn something of the ethics of Confucius of Lao Tse or Buddha, before you come to us with your t eacLerous greed and murde-ons hypocrisy u'.de' the guise of civilisation and pro grees. Go, the word is wi-ie enough. 'We neither can nor will change the habits and custom-* and tra itionB of thousands of years in two or three gene- ationu.' No. I shou'd say not. Besides, has not Britain's leading philoso pher, -he cultured Spencer, said, ' That every man has freedom to do what he wills provided he in» fringes not the like freedom, of every other man ' We.l, yea, ' but then j ou nee, we cannot al low mere academic philosophy -o stand in the way of Britain's prede fined and irresistible growth and expansion.' What matters it, if Britain's outcst poo- suffer and rot around the base of B i tam's s.cial pyramid as Jong as the pyramid be built, and Britain maintain her place ab the leading mercantile nation of tbe.^ortd Well I juit think it does matter, and matte' very considerably too. I cannot believe ttiat the British worker it so devoid of hitelligenoe aa not to see, that ' Kale Britan nia and God ave the Queen ' and high wagea wit bf general material prosperity a- e not one and the same thing It may be quite true that the on« stands for the other, but I b'lieve it is also t ue ' That while ou may fool ail the people some of the time, »nd fool some of (he people all the time, you cannot fool »!1 the people all the time.' J I. Mobuish. 