Eastern Extension Company. It is amusing to witness, inaideoto in the conflict already being -waged be tween the two great so-called all 'British cable companies. One o£ these comnaniesis a realitv the nfV>or- is, a sorb of ghost, wandermg,a1)out as if seek ing a body in, which. .'to. locate .. itself. The .Pacific Cable Company, so called, is that same ghost.st .It,t.!i seeking to take on a corporate form, by linking together the Imperial Government and the Governments of Canada and Australasia. Thoy would form an ill-balanced corporation, but it might be successful from the stand point of imporial ambition and expenditure. It can never be thought of os a corporation doing business on business lines, and in a business-liko way. The object of promoters of tbis Pacifio cable was to break the mono poly enjoyed by the Eastern . Extension Telegraph Company. But hofore the said 'Pacifio Cable Company will be able to reaoh its great adversary with a view to strangling him, the said adversary may com pletely asphyxiate the said Pacific Cable Com pany. A committee, offering . advice con cerning the latter, has recommended that a certain tender he accepted. - In brief, they recommend that a boll should' be hung on tho domestic cat ; tho difficulty is to hang thut bell. The other company is doing such an enormous business, that it' can. afford to lower its tariffs, and before tho Pacific cable, can be laid, 'tho tariffs of the other company will be lowered to a figure that will defy competition savo at a loss to the "All British " company. The cable, by way of tho Cape, will be at work from end to end within about one year. Should tho Pacifio cable bo laid iu the same time, wo shall lmve two cables cutting into ono another for the common benefit, with tho certainty that the old company will never theless make money, and that the new com pany will as surely lose money. But, never mind. The loss will be shared and. suffered by State Governments, whioh are so made that they can lose money without shedding tears. Wo must never overlook thb fact that the "All British" Pacifio cable must always be a one-horse affair, and parti cularly slow. Let it not ho forgotten that the working speed of a cable varies, inversely as the square of the length of the cable; the unit being fixed, it follows that a cable two thousand knots in length will carry, only 37J letters per minute. Should a eablo as large as the largest . core ever yet laid he put down, it would, in tbis case, carry only GO lettersVper minute; whereas the present system carries many rimes that number of words por minute ; and .the " all British " cable via Cape Colony will ho ohout equal to the present system. Those of us who have 'opposed the Pacific cable project because it involves Government guarantees where, if the project wero good, private enterprise would tako it up, will of course share in the common joy of having a cheapor service than if tbe Pacifio . cable promoters had never entered the field ; and our joy will he still greater if we can get the still cheaper service consequent upon the actual working of tho two cables. The only fly in the oint ment, for us, will he that Queensland must share in the loss suffered re the Pacifio cable, ' whereas the lion's ehurof any benefits derived through that cable will bo apportioned to our southern neighbours. TJp to the present, however, nothing more has been doue than making a suggestion that a tonder said to have been put in for laying the cable should be accepted. 