IS MURDER DYING OUT? The twentieth century Is at hand, and retrospection is jus.t now fashjon- . able. Passing notice may therefore bo given to the abovo question, es- peomlly as there are certain features in -connection with th,o. murders by the Brcelong Blaoka wbioh evoke curious receptions. The wave of execration and publio animosity aroused against . the Governors is equalled only by the good- humored equanimity with whiob. the Reader of these dusky heathens apparently re gards the whole business. To Jimmy Governor tho events of the last few months seem to appear as a highly exciting and diverting paper-chase, lie, however, admits tnat thero was .< some unpleasantness at first which . had to be smoothed away. White people who unjustifiably and persist ently interfered in hie domestio con cerns had to bo got rid of, and, while hiB blood was up .for a while after wards. . a few other . neonln hnd in suffer. But henceforth he injured, none whom ho cnoouuterod unless in self- defence. Did ho not actually give away money to. pooplo who ren dered him help agaiust thfcir common encny, the police ? And at the finish he shook hands with his captors,, .tho . , hunters who in fair field and fight had ' ben ten him at his own game. They had emptied several charges of . shot into . his body but this was all pnrt of the fortunes of war. They had attended to their business mid he had attended to his,' lie would have shot them just as cheerfully ds he received 'their shots, To civilised minds, such nonchalant disregard of social Inws and of pain and 'death Seems nppnlling. But, after all; are tho Governors as bad or us exceptional in morals as. they nre pointed P It „ mny bo admitted (hat (here ore crimes which aro more cruel tojuffer than death— the ingratitude or . trcpehery . of friends, for instance— and there are murders -of many kinds. The ' crimes of tho semi-savsgo Governors pale intoinsignificance when compared with the atrocities of some of our notorious white criminals. Tho ig norant blocks received Bcrious provo cation and ran amok,- but ' civilized men, like Bertram!, Butler, or Deem ing, deliberately pursued their ghoul- . - . ith 'enreera of murder ns though human lifo wero absolutely worthless, j Scarcely a . week passes without a murder in Australia — a discovered ; mutder, bo it understood— and these ! . murders ore committed by whites. jfjet us, therefore, not heap hypocritical contumely upon tho wretched perpe trators of the Breolong massacres. People., in' glass houses should not , throws tones. Although nine persons, j in all, worn slaughtered by the Govor- j nors, the' idea that murder is prevnlont j among civilized aborigines, is dissi pated by an examination of the New iy .South Wales crimi'nnl records of tho "' past sixty "years. From 1843 to date, . only eight aborigines have been exe cuted for murder. This total of cpuriso does not inoludo the number of homicides wliiali have occurred among tUi ».silx?5 or deaths caused ty blacks who linvo evaded onptu're. It must not bo lorgotten that, although the crude, brutal varieties of nnjrder.are tjoiy becoming obsolete, tho complexi ties of our modern civilization afford many poty opportunities to scheming ovil doers which they ore not slow 'to eei$<>, < An intentional push in an engino-roqipi or oarelessness with soihe linoment will frequently pass os acci dental, and knowledgo of anatomy and the oasieet wnys to onuso death— ky pnisops and otherwise— is beooming general. With the spread of educa tion and the alleged refining infiuenoes of partial education there are indica tions tlmt respeot for the sgnoity of human life has not inoreased. Suioido — the httlf-brother to murder — is undoubtedlv on the inorease. Praoti- cally the whole of the globe has beeu explored, and discontented man is now convinced that no ready-made elysium exists on earth 4o, whiob be may ilea when his habitual surround ings are full of troubje, Discoveries in science show more gnd more, day by day, the insiguifiaanoe and evane scence of man. Qf what aooount is the briof life of .a human being ia a world . probably a hundred million years old, a world whieh itself is but a. more spook in infinity, u world wbei-oon too light of the nearest fixed stnr'must shine for over -three years before it can reaoh the observer's vision F Gone, now-a- dsys, to many half-educated ombryo Oriminals, are the old superstitions, of haunting ghosts and the terrors f eternal fiery torments in a futmre state, Itaterial- istio pessimism is the order of the day and night. B.ut, if tfio outlook is gloomy, some consolation remainB. If life.i held of less aooount than formerly, wo are, on the whole, more humane to the living. We would kill an enemy rather than torture him, as bt old, and this is something to pur credit. Want of space preolqdes.us from dismissing, here, suggestions mada to ooanteroat the growing evils of pessimism. .. Optimists, however, may take heart of grace. Theprosent is surely but a phase of transition in out long line of advance. 