" Ob, Tom, what a pleasant surprise! I did not expect you down before Henley Regatta. Hat uhat is the matter, Tom? You look so pale and anxious!" So9 Tom's description had not done her justice. Hers was a beauty that beggars description. And as she stood on the lawn just now, in a white and prreen airy sum mer costume, she looked delicate and dazz ling as a dream figure of fairyland. "What- is the- matter, Tom?" she per sisted. "Read that, Lilian." It was Dick's letter to Tom. With a startled look on her lovely face Lilian took the manuscript and began to read. At first the colour entirely left her cheeks; then it returned flush to the temples. Then the ghost of a smile hovered about the corners of her pretty mouth and lurked in her blue eyes. "Well?" said Tom, watching her closely. For answer Lilian threw herself into a rustic garden chair and gave expression to her feelings in peal after peal of delightful rippling laughter. Oh, Tom," she cried, clapping her tiny hands with delight, " this is too, too funny. You must telegraph at once to that crazy boy at the Poste Restante, and tell him to come back immediately. It's all a comedy of errors. Tom, this is all my fault. You hare never yet seen jny sister Gertrude, and she and I had arranged to x>lay a joke on you at Henley. Tom, Gertrude and I are twins. But what a sly little minx she is! She wormed my secret out of ine long ago, yel- sbe has fiever told me a word of her affaire dc coeur. Oh, it is all • as plain as day. She has "been making love while we were all in America, and then, knowing her power over her victim, has been wise enough to make him win his honour first —theii her hand. Has he been successful in his examination?" "Yes, dear Lil. The results were pub lished this morning. He came off with first-class honours." " Then I shall get on my hat and we will go to the telegraph office. We will then come back and see Gertrude." In the Cafe an Cadrau de la Posto sat Dick hlerrivale, a picture of abject despair. He had come to Paris with the fixed re solve of going to the dogs quickly. He would plunge into the whirl of dissipation until there.was nothing of his original self left. But as yet he had only got as far as a glass of claret. It began to dawn on him that if he had been a fool in the first in stance in supposing that Gertrude cared for him, this was no reason why he should jump from the pan of folly into the fire of insanity. Why should he wreck his life for the sake of a heartless girl? Xo. He would let her see -that he could manage to exist and do his life work without heri He would stay away for a while for Tom's sake, but as for going to the dogs—bah! He would mount to the top of the tree in spite of herf It was impossible, however, for him to work up a feeling of hate against the girl that had so shamefully wronged him. Her sweet face haunted him still in all its rav ishing loveliness. Was it possible that she, the sweet-voiced, the tender- hearted, could willingly have done such a thing? At last he strolled out of the cafe, and, cutting across the Rue du Louvre, entered the Hotel des Postes. Hardly expeting any letter, he inquired if there might be one. "X'y a rieu, monsieur," chirped the ener getic little Frenchman in charge. Merrivale turned to go, when the same bird-like voice arrested him. "Tenez, monsieur! If y a une tele gramme." Merrivale seized* the blue enve lope eagerly, and a look of pleasure passed over his face as his quick eye noted the significant address : Richard Merrivale, B.A., J Poste Restante, Paris. "That's from Tom," he said to himself. "And Fve passed my exam, all right. But, after all,.what does it matter now:?" But his eye opened wider and wider as he read the telegram: u Dick, you hopeless idiot, come back at once. It is Lilian, not Gertrude, Brownlie I am going to marry. They are twins. Result of exam, published to- day, and you head the list. Meet us a!l at Henley. House-boat ' Cygnet.*—Toil" 