i - ! THE MIVSTFRY OF iLFDRD lilt MIIWIVUl «« ««-»»»•»•» j CSSIIPF - • j [AiI,RlSHT8 RESERVED.] 1 ^ unnnuc. .r| Ilford Grange' lies in 1 anuntrodden'valley j in the heart .of "England, a; lovely retreat. j where ' the oil of the bird has' not/been . silenced by the sbriekof the steam whiBtle, j an dwhora the sky is not clouded, nor the air ;. fouled with smoke. ' r- - j A mile from the "old- Orange stands a lone1 ale-house, whoBe signboard,The Robin Hood, J speaks of the old, forest days. .,- ' j Behind the old iin a pathway led.through a wood to the valloy of Ilford Grange; the old., tcncment was'a; motley group of buildings, grey and red; once-a pious lodging, it was. still backed by the ruined town and south wall of the Priory Church. West of it, "a^tiny'Btream bubbled down the •valley,- which, banked up to the north of-the church,-'forniea-a-lak4 the tmrnffledsmfaoe of whlch ^eetB the bushes that have grown round the bank, the ivy-covered tower and. the clou.dfU.hat float lazily over the enchanted valley making up a perfect picture of rural beauty.- 1 .-. .. The Grange, built of grey stone, iB patched here and there with briclE;being all oveigrown with tangled tjreepers,and surmounted by tall red brick chimneys, -above, which again tower the ruiDB-'offche void PrioryCliurch. St,was towards -the-close:of a Bright and glorious September day .that X paused, afters five mile walk, in front «£ Ilford Grange. , It was with Btrange mingled feelings that I stood^for many minuteB.gazingat th^old pile; grim and ^gloomy reminiscences being recalled to my mind.at its sight. : ..... Here, after my poor fathers death, when-a boy of seven, "had 'I . been brought from -London by iSy uncle's solicitor. Though^ at enmity with both my parents?- upon his younger' brother's ^decease I had been sent for. "VI may here add that a mother's tender love and eareT never hadknovra, she having left the world- a few weekB only after my birth. As I stood now m the gloaming, the shadows deepening around the old Grange, I recalled to mind the dark.^bleak, winter's day. when, weary of my morose «nd miserly relation^ tyranny, I ran away, alad of six- teen. •••: Starved andbuffeted about for years at Ilford Grange/my rough life on board a West.India merchant-Bhip was fer preferable; and now,fainly well- to-do, and eight .and; twenty L years:of age, it-was with .wild .and conflicting^motiOns-that I stood with folded arras at the entrance gates of my uncle's residence,"the old miser, who.for years had forgotten my existence, but who now upon his death bed had:expreB6ed a wish to behold onoe more his nephew-Miles...: Something T remembered of.a pretty little; girl, a niece, the daughter of the only sister of-Mark Han • way; She} poor child, some seven or eight years my junior, had been'the only being .1 regretted leaving behind at the- old Grange that bitter winter's- day when, proud, and defiant, I ran away-to seek =a home upon the vasty deep.' There was no-sign of life about tiie bldpl^andas-rsaunteredupthemosscovered'and weededpathway Ibeheld, as of yore, the same air of desolation," neglect, and; "Amisernever changes his disposition any more than the leopard his spots,"' I muttered, as; gaining the old porch, I gave a tagat the bell, the clangour of which .woke ap many a echo about the place, startling the very rooks - that were circling overhead preparatory to seeking their nests, for the night was close at hand. Kor some five minutes-Iiwaited patiently a-reply to my summons, and-then, asT was about again. to jfiit ray 'hand" on' the bell, the massive. tiaken-deor was slowly opened; creaking and groaning on its 'hingeB as if reluctant to admit of ingresB to the stranger. : All old crone, with yellow,, wrinkled face, and toothless .gumBj.staiiding on tlie threshold, winking and bliulsing Tike an old owl, = in querulous-accents demanded my business., " I left London early this T morning topaya visit to my uncle, MarXHanway." "Didyou? 'then you might-havesaved yourself along journey;you can't see him," said the^jld woman, snappishly,;who, though she had lost her teeth, I found retained .her sense of hearing. • •. • " Can't see him ? What do yonrmean, woman ? Why, he sent for ;me, sand^as I just now informed you, I have travelled a long distance at his requeBt." " That may be.bntthe old man has started on a longer journey \than- -you-- have ever made;"- • " I think I understand you. You mean to infer that he iB dead." . . - " Yes; and as we have • no-- accommodation. for travellers, I can't let you in. I'm a lone woman, and can't a-bear strangers;. You'll get -a bed, I daresay, at the Robin Hood, t'other side of the wood.'' " Thank ^you, but I do not care to cruise for that anchorage to-night. I'm here now and.intend-to,remain;. I do not know who or what you are, but I have come down here at the express deBire of /Uncle Hanway,;aud I'm not'- going, to • bout ship for any lone woman who does not like strangers.*' - Kather short-tempered and angry at the impudence of the. crone, I here very coolly drove past her into the halL father taken aback, as clapping her hands, screeching and yelling like a' tiger-eat,-she saeg out, " Reuben, Reuben 1 Dido, Dido !" The pair so loudly callcdupon starting forth from a half-open door close by 'me,* and proving to be a burly, Bandy-haired, red faced man, and a fierce, savage- looking dog; the latter, withan angry snarl,-'and -revealing a set of huge fangs, hunching, his back and Bhowing.a disposition to fly at me without any further todo or provocation'; . -- - . . " What's all tbi3 about ? Who.are you ? Get out of it; or I'll. let Dido have at thee !" " You'd better hold Dido, as you call him; back, or I'll 'put atnifein his ribB.. I've done a tidy bit of pig-sticking in-India, and I'm not going to be -cowed here.by a:vicious dog or bullied by a clodhopper! You ask who I am, I am the nephew of the owner of this house, and I don't care who yon are or that crone either; hut-i£you:don*t take care and are not civil, I'll kick you both out of the Grange." - •••.• •-•",••: •,..•.. " Oh, ohj : Do'ee hear that mother?" " Let go the ddg at 'im, Seuben. Did thee hear he 1 called- X a crone?" cried the fairly dancing with rase.. To iny unmitigated astonishment, the scoundrel of a man, now loosing the savage | beast he had been holding, with a loud deep- ' mouthed bay it sprang upon me, cansing-me j by its weight to stagger back against thewall • Having snatched a broad sharp-bladed ., , . ; , . • - . , .5 . e fro m my poeket.a moment before, and getting a good grip Of the brute by the neck, I buried the -weapon up to the haftin "its throat, and. then exerting all my strength I hurled the living- beast atthe old womantliedoganditB mStresa rolling together npon tile floor. Starting now upon the amazed and eonfoundedReuban.I gave the fellow one crashing blow-full between sn the uit ojbi, eyca, ainmuand another under-the left ear that sent him stunncd ahd bieeflinp- iinnn tbe bo'diM ofthe breath, took^glance.around,:Staririgmldly as a little iboy, wan faced; raggedanddirty, S liliiD e &oma; distant corner, with one hand rpprfhiB !ips andthe ot]lBr upraisea,heckoned me to follow him, as he began to ascend & ffightofBtairBattheendoftheha31... Paying no heed to the oathB and threats . o f d i r e vengeancentteredhyrthe-hollying.Jont below, I at once hurried after the poor little creature, who; gliding swiftly before me, -kept turning round to sea if I were following on. -Up a second flight of stairs,.passing along a conridor that ! remembered well intbe days o'f old, my little pilot then began ascendinga third steep flight that I knew led toa suite of rooms seldom oreyer usedinmy childhood's days, and that bore the reputation of being haunted, .Passing through two apartments that jopened one -into the other, the little fellowcame to a pause, and placing his trembling -little hand upon the door of a third chamber, ]IG .exclaimed, in a hesitating and .trembling voice,: " Laura's hereJV ..' v- Laura's,there, is.she?? I replied; smiling at the troubled espresBion that rested upon the poor boy's features; for though locked, I was well assured that I could soon burst the'door open 'if necessary ;-and callingto mind that Laura was the name of my pretty playmate and cousin .in ' die long.ago, I determined; without any scruple, to force an entrancein- ,to the room. Forthwith, and without any further to-do, I gave-a 'bound - with my .shoulder against the obstacle before me; that, as-I expected,-tore the lock-away, and landed me ' sprawling upon the floor'of the chamber beyond. • Starting to my feet, I was now astounded at beholding a young and lovely girl, a beautiful blonde, lying upon a couch, bound hand and foot^whilst pUed up to the^eiling, > asif ready for removal, T observed a chest :of | drawers, tables,chairs, card-tables, and wash- j Btands, all packed one.upon the other, caus- j ing the chamber to resemble the sale room of an auctioneer. , My first proceeding was, of course, to release from her bonds the weeping girl who, I in wild alarm, seising me by the arm, ex- , . .••< •••.- • " •. | claimed: | • " What have you done with that infamous woman and her Boh?" { " Shown thein both, that I mean to be master a«torli,.rni" here!' " But: the dog—they will set the horrible brute upon you!" • ' Thev .did that same thing, my dear girl, and I served Dido as I used to do the wild boars; but tell me, Laura, what is the meaning of that strange array of furniture ?" " I will tell you all—everything. But say, ' are you not my cbusih Miles, thTt poor uncle was expecting ?" , " I am he; yes, Laura. And though so many years have passed- since, we wandered hand m . hand about the valley and throngh the., woods,-- :-i reeognised you, dear, the moment 1 entered the apartment. And now tell me what villainy: has been going ; on hero T • " Almost murder Miles "cried mv nrett ^ « relation, as sbe dung tremblmgly and confidmgly tomyarm.: " Poor nnde Hanway died yesterday, and because old John Greysbrooke and his daughter wouldn't iohBent'to some vile proposition of theirs, themonster, Reuben Monks, and- hiB - vile old mother. | barricaded them up in the ghost room, and; God knows what crime would have been carried out-if vou had not arrived; for my- ' self I would have died before agreeing to the wishes of that dreadrol'tiair.' ^ . | And what were those wisheB, Laura ?" j That I should consent to become the wife of the horrid son." I " A very modest desire, certainly ; but 111! haze (punish) them before many hours are over; ' ; And now to release the prisoners.- Thank God I arrived in time Laura, for I believe that .,vile old hag and the fellow j 1 Keuben ^ wouldn't .i , have . hesitated at mnrder, or their looks belie them. " ; Setting: Strenuously to work I proceeded to drag .away, the numerous articles: of furniture that had been heaped together, and Slightly -aided by my cousin speedily disclosed the half-glass door that opened into :the ghost room, as it was called. • Hero, by | the pale rays of the moon that stole through small- casement at the --far-, end of thiB ante-room, I beheld the wan and startled faces of the old man and his daughter, who had so daringly been imprisoned by the~vile housekeeper; Mrs. Monks, and her son. . • . -: • • With some difficulty getting away from my cousin, who was in fear and alarm for my , safety, I now, leaving her with the Greys- , , .. . .. brookes, at once descended to the lower part ^ , . - .. of the house - - I no I'was furtliot rather signs surprised of revolt^rom that X had the received enemy, \- !?, , , especially as 1 had heard from Laura of their ( audacious desires and criminal proceedings, : Followed by the little boy, a waif of the adjacent vil.age, I made a thorough inspec tion of the- premises,and,atlast was pretty^^^ well convinced thatthe mother and her hopeful son had vacated the: premises; ; ! Returning to my anxious cousin, .all the : . , • ,, . , - ^ ^ : „i j night through (along :With the poor . ( M labomacandJiis.. daiq^ltn) lawt, - house of the dead; none of UB under the cir-.| cumstances caring to seek repose. 1 i™••"-',' • ... . ,, . I The next day, upon eaUmg in the county counstabulary,-we discovered that ®euben Monks and his mother had decamped, .-hut' had carried off a considerable sum in gold,-! part of the hoards of my unfortunate uncle, bed who s had even, • died his, with niece 'no having relative been by prevented his death j from attending upon - him by the vicious , beings in whom for-yearB,he.had placcd such j trust. "" The precious pair of " r conspirators ^ by-means of the hue and cry and a smart detective from London,, ..were soon-.captured, and received a woll-merited sentence of " Five Years' Penal." As next-of-kin, I duly inherited all Mark Hanway?s Trealth; and, wedding the lovely Usaufji andsettlingdown at the old Grange; I tempted no- more the dangers of-the deep, deep'Bea.-'- -' - '. . . . -: 