;THE NETHERLANDS ^ND PROTESTANTISM. AN ADDBES8 TOQDBBN Wit HKLMINA. ., Tbe Bev. 3. Burgsss oi Dams has received a souvenir ot a unique historical aveot. It ia'a photogrophic oopy of tbe address pre sented to tbe Qaeen of Holland from tbe ??&!- litnee ot- Eelormed flbnnbes botdlog the Presbyterian system.' Tbe address, which was drafted in 1899, but only presented in Anril last, was eisoed tnr tne Modaraton of tba Presbyterian Churches throughout Europe Asia, Africa, America, and Austraiaaia, Mr. Burgett having appended bis name on behalf of tbe Obureh Id Mew South Wales. Both she Qoeeo and Queeo-Motber were highly gratined at tbe nmembnumi of the eariy kindoeaaea of tbeir ancestors to tbe Cburoh oTlbe Befonnation in tbe time of persecn tioo, and tbej wot greatly lnlerettea ia the list ot tbe Churches in the Alliance, as sbowo by tbe signatures of tbe Moderators, and also by the manner In which tbeee Cburanss ate spread all over the world. Tbe address iJ as follows :— ' May it please your Majesty, we, tbs undersigned, represent ing tbe Presbyterian Churches throughout tbe world, approach yeur Majesty witb pro found respect to offer our congratulations on your Majesty's accession to the throne ot tne Setberhuids. To your Mejeaty's ancestors of tbe House of Orange, and to the people of jour land, the Presbyterian braaobea of the ttetormed Church are under obligations never to be forgotten. Ia tbe troubled period following tbe lSeformation it was. to the Netherlands that tbe Hugenots of France, the Waldeosss of Italy, the Covenanters ot Beotland, and tbe Puri tans of England, witb many others, fled for relief from the persecution under wbloh thty suffered in their own Undt. Y.t-ur people received tba refugees witb all tihrisUon affeetion, making proviiion for their necessities and allowing 'them porleot freedom to worship God ; while your pnnoei became tnelr proeKOtars against etsry foreign Power tbst sought to do them barm. Bince that period, and owing largely to Ibe help and protection then eo freely given, tbe Presbyterian Cburoh has, under tbe blessing oi Ood, spread into many a land Iu tbese it baa prospered greatly, until tbe aggregate membership of its different branches amounts at present to some twenty five, millions ot souls. Different as are tue languages that tbese millions employ, yet tbey are all ooe io tbeir faith, their hope, tbeu love, and In their constant activity to ad vanes Ibe gl.»ry and eoUrge tbeir Kingdom of the Lord and baviour Jesus Christ. Grate fully recalling ibis indebtedness of our fathers, we fcUoly acknowledge tbe benefits tbst have thereby resulted to ourselves, and humbly claiming your Majesty u a 'member ot tbe Presbyterian noueenold, venture on tbis nappi occasion, and apeaking on bebelf ol the numerous Churches we represent, to express tbe aeep gratification we feel at a signal honour ?which God and your people have conferred upon your Majesty and on your Majesty's royal bouse. We pray that Almighty God, our Father in Heaven, may long continue to enrich your ilajesty with the blessings of His grace and favor ; that He may grant you a long and happy reign over an attached and prosperous people, enabling you is a Christian sovereign ever to advance the interest* of that Kingdom which i* righ teousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost, and that when the days of your earthly reign have ended He may bcs*.on upon you that crown of righteousness wlich fadeth not away.' — '?Daily iele graph.' . 