Behind A V eiL. BY MRS C, N, WILLIAMSON. (Author of "His Grace," "The Secret of the Pearls,' "The House by the Loch," "Queen Sweetheart." "A an from the Dark," "Fortune's Sport," "The News paper Girl," Etc., Etc. CHAPTER X.-.(Continued.) Scarcely choosing his own direction, but letting .Fate lead him as he would, he turned towards the Embassy, walk Inu fast. It had been earlier, though so much darker, that winter night. He had come out from the Embassy from that door there, and he-liad passed, as he was passing now, and then foot steps had come tapping after him - a iv'oman's hand had touched his arm As if his thought had materialised he heard the same sound agaln, quick steps, a voice, and a hard on his arm. "'r Tristram! Oh, thank Heaven, it's ¢Vou!" SIe turned. A woman in a dark, plain dress was at his side, and, panting avith the haste she had made, was fum bling tremulously to untie a heavy veil that masked her face. With a wrench -she tore it off, and looked him in the iyes. A strange, fateful thrill crept * through his veins. He seemed to have been sent here by an-influence more po tent than his own mood- for this. His tory had repeated itself, for here, where sho had run after him before, where he bad come in memory of that night, ?1enny Wood had followed' him once more. Her plump figure was not as plump as it had been, and her face, sharpened in outline, gleamed pale as a silver coin In the twilight. "I went to the Embassy to ask for you," the woman said, stammering. :''They.told me you were gone away-to Italy, that you.- wern't.' coming back again. I felt as if someone had struck me in. the face, for I'd hoped so much. 'And all my strength seemed gone, so that I could hardly crawl along. Then I saw you walking fast ahead of me, just where I'd seen you before, going just as you had before, so I ran and caught you, while it felt as if it must be part of a dream. And you, sir-why, it might be your ghost!" "I think it is my ghost, Jenny," Tris tram said, with a sad pretence at a smile. "And you-you came after me in a ghostly way, as if your spirit had been sent in answer to my thoughts. ,You look white enough to be one, too." "We're both changed, sir," Jenny answered, timidly, "Perhaps-partly for the same cause." "That means that you loved her. You know I did," Tristram said, not think ing of Jenny as a servant, but as a wo man who had been loyal to Mary. "But why had you come to find me? I had often wondered what became of you after that night. You seemed to have disappeared. "That's just it, sir; I did disappear," returned Jenny, mysteriously. 