LOCAL ANU GENERAL ? -0» ? Mails.— Mails for Australian Colonies per R.M.S. Oroya close at the Bunbury Post Office on Wednesday, oth September, at 7 am. and for United Kingdom on Saturday, September 1st, at 3 p.m, Crowded Out.— Onr leading article, ' Pebbles,' ? and several communica tions are crowded out. The West Australians in South Africa. — Several interesting letter's from members of tbe West Australian contingents appear ir- Jo-daj's issue.! Wo have been favored with many communications, a few of which we have been obliged to decline, Very few men can wield the sword and the pen with equal force. Rainfall — In answer to a corres pondent we give tbe rainfall in Bunbury for the last eight months : — January, 2-64in ; February, '03 ; March :34 ; April, 1-89 ; May, 3-73 ; June, 12-16; July, 6-29; August, 6*95— total, 34-3 incho8. Agricultural Shows. — It has beon decided to hold the annual exhibi tion of the Wellington Agricultural and PaBtoral Society on Wednesday, Norember 21, The date of holding the Bu8selton show has been fixed for Friday, November 30. 'Drap'eiy. — Mr R. Clements' an nounces that he has purchased the entire stock of Messrs John Clark and Co., and is now prepared to sell at sacrificial prices. A new stock is algo being opened up to be sold, at 'panic prices.' Agricultural Machinery. — Messrs Geo. P. Harris, Scarfe and Co., inti mate that they have a large stock of all kinds of agricultural implements, which they are prepared to soil at very low prices. The Weather. — During the last two days the weather has been gloriously fine, not a cloud breaking the bright blue of the sky. Yester day quite a crowd of country people were in town, and business was brisk. If the weather only continues fine for a week or two — and there is every appearance of it doing so — there should be a decided revival in trade. Grass is sprir.g up everywhere, and ihe country generally, except the roads, looks fresh and sweet after the thorough washing it has received. The East Lynne Company. — Our readors are reminded that the East Lynne Dramatic Company, of which Mr Tom Cannam is the bright par ticular star, is to open for a 'short season, at the Maeonic hall this evening, the well- known English drama, 'East Lynne ' being billed. The character of Archibald Carlyle will be taken by Mr Cannam, while Miss Edith Sawden, who has been charming metropolitanlaudiences, will sustain the roles of Lady Isabel and Madam Vine. The company is a good one, and the different parts are well cast. Seats may be booked at Pryor'g, & Grand Concert.- — A grand concert by the full choir, and under the baton oE Mr E. C. Cooke, is to be given in the Congregational Church on Thurs day evening- next. The programme is an exceptionally excellent one, and any of the numbers should be worth the modest shilling charged for admission, Mr W. J. Reading is down for an organ solo, Mr North for two flute solos, while Mesdames Aylett, Mead, Raeburn, Miss Cohen, and MesBrn Walkeden, U, Cr.ss, H. Woodward, Raeburn, and Robertson are among the vocalists. The choir is to render two anthems— 'Seek ye the Lord' and ''The Radiant Morn.' Visit of Rev. G. E. Wheatloy to Bunbury. — This popular preacher and platform speaker will visit our town next week, in connection with the Wesley church anniversary. Mr Wheatley is in ? the forefront of Ministers of the Gospel in this colony. His forceful speaking, his straight put- hard hitting, varied with brilliant sallies of humor, have made him much in desiand. He will give a deliver ance on Monday, September 10th, on 'Kings of Laughter' and another on 'Ghosts' at tbe church drawing room entertainment on Wednesday, Sep tember 12th, in the Masonic Hall. Aa this is the -first , visit of Mr Wheatley to this district many people will be anxious to hear him. The Sunday services will be conducted by the loeal Pastor, Rev A. -W. Bray, who will also conduct a P.S A. service and speak on ' The Struggle in China,' The Race Club. — A meeting of the committee of the Bunbury Race Club was held last evening at ' Tattersall'B,' Rose Hotel, Dr Williams being in the chair. Messrs Hardman, Meagher and Howe wero elected members of the committee. It was decided to hold the next meeting on the 22nd November, being the day after the annual show: A programme was drawn up as follows : Maiden Plate, a handicap, of five furlonsrs, £8 and £2 ; Novelty Race, minimum weight, list, £5, £2, £-l — walk-a-mile, trot-a-mile, and gallop-a-mile ; Publican's Purse, £15, second horse £3 out of stakes — handicap, for horses that have never been nominated for stakes of the value of £50 or over ; Troopers' xace, handicap, £'b' and £2 ; Jumping prize, £5 and £2 ^Tandem race, £2 and £1 ; Cigar and Umbrella race, £2 and £1. Messrs . F Wood, F Venn, and E Rhodes were elected members. Messis Hardman and N J Moore weie appointed joint hon secretaries. 