The Sketcher. Hen Gratitude. The «now lay very deep tliat year at Clinton Becclitts, and old Schoolmaster liufTord wag more feeble tbun usual; and, wlijit wlili Maria's sewing being interrupted, nod a new milliner auil dressmaker having set up at Heeob vil lage, times were very hard. " You must get me some more wood, Hilly," she said to ber little brother. "Tbe lire nearly went out this morn ing when you were at school, aud the enow was too deep for me to get out to the wood-pile." " Wood-pile's all gone," said Billy, biting a semicircular piece out of bis bread—" been gone for a week." "Gracious me!" cried poor Maria. "And where baa all the wood come from that we've been burning "t" " I've 'been rlpplu' the thorns off the ghost-house fence," observed Billy. " 1 saw tbe other fellows doing It, so w'uy sliouldn't 1? And I've chopped up all the wood in the stable." " But, Billy, that is stealing !" said Maria. " No, it ain't," announced Billy, with the air of one who felt himself a authority ou the subject. " The old fel low that bought the gbosthouse has sold the property to the rallwuy company, and they're going to Ijiy a line of ruils right through tbe bacK garden. TUe old house would have been pulled to pieces long ago if folks baau't been afraid of the ghost, aud I may as well have a pull at It as any one else." " I am quite sure that John Gregory will lend us wood until I am able 10 order a fresh load, If you go down and ask him." " Here he comes now," said Billy, who had been flattening bis nose against the window glass. " I thluk you'd 'better borrow it yourself." " Couiln' this way," said lie, " thought I'd stop and inquire how the old school master Is." " Pa's pretty feeble," sighed Maria. " He'll soon mend again once tbe spring sets In," said John encouraging ly. " Anything I can do you you, Maria, down in the village T " I need some more wood," said Ma ria wistfully, "tout I can't pay for It before pa's annuity money comes In." " Ob, get out!" said John. " Pay for It, Indeed I When our woodland is suf ferln'—yes, actually sufferln'—to be thinned out I'll send you down a load, Maria, when " " I am not a beggar!" «aid Maria Ruf ford with some pride. " Well, If you find a load left at your ehed door one o' these days you'll know what It weans," «aid be. "Don't you want to ride down the road a piece, Maria ? I'm going to tke gbosthouse." " To the gbosthouse 1" said Maria Ruf ford. " What for V After a big mahogany chair that wan left there," said John. "Old Dawton Is a curiosity collector* «uid he's 'bought it for a pound. He's got me to take it to the station. He's goln' to send It down to a place in London where they expect to sell It for much more. I'm told folks are going clean crary about such old things." " Hallo I" cried Billy, Jumping down from the wlndow-«eat. " Wie burned up that chair, Maria, the day you wanted the oven bot last week." He turned a somersault out of the room, and poor Maria, with downcast eyes and burning cheeks, was forced to explain the whole thing to John Gregory. "Well, If this isn't a fix," said that Individual with a long, low whistle. " How am I to fetch the Mg chair down to tbe railway station If there's none to fetch ?" , „ . " Ob, John, John, what shall we do ?" groaned poor Maria. " Do you suppose one of grandmother Rufford's old chairs would do as well? There*« hatf-a doion of them that have stood there ever since I was a child. They're dreadfully old- fashioned." < . And the result of the inspection was that one of grandmother Rufford's high shouldered old chairs was cheerfully ■brought downstairs and lifted Into John's cart John Oregory came up again within a week or two. " Well, Maria," eald fee, " I've got a customer for another o' them .old chairs. There's a lady In London has seen that one and offered five pounds for It, but It was bespoke So when old Dawton told me of It, says I, ' I know where I can get another of the same pattern, or as near like It as can be.' Says he, 4 Seud it to my shop, then.' And It you're willln' to sell it on those terms " The old Rufford chairs were brought out of their dim receptacles In the gar ret and sold, one by one, to eager dilet tanti—a battered old wardrobe was f Axed up" "by John Gregory, and a spindle-legged table followed close and hard upon it, until Marin's woodpile and flour barrel were replenished, a new carpet was bought for Grandfather Rufford's room, and the rent and the grocer's bill« were triumphantly paid. " If s as If we'd found a bag of gold," said Maria with tears In her eyes. "And It's nil your doings, John." " If you're really so grateful to me | " Well r ... "There's a way you might show It.' "I can't think what you mean, John." " Well, it'« not for lack of explaining it." sighed the faithful Jobu. " I want you to marry wo, Maria. Isn't that plain enough V" "Oh, John ! When you know I can 11 leave pa!" . ; " Well, then. let me come here (o live. I've no wish to part you from your father." I " Weil-John—if pn is willing ' John rose, quietly Imt resolutely—lie grasped the vegetable pan aud lifted It enrefully'-off the Are. I "John," cried Maria, "what are you going to do ?" "To kiss you, Maria." ] " But, John, the potatoes aren't done! I " Let the potatoes wall." said John. 1 " I've walled loug enough." 