An Irregular Meeting of 'Express' Writers SCISSORS OR NO SCISSORS : THAT IS THE ? (By ' The Tattler.') Tub Adelong and Tusiut Express having been, as'usual, despatched up to time,- and the- eager and waiting crowd outside the office doors sent full (ofgood news) away, last Tuesday the busy staff of writers held a wrangling and disorderly meeting, at which those quizzical ink-slingers aired their views, and compared notes about tho method employed in conducting this speedy journal along its straight path way, each contributor differing from the other, and interrupting generally (The Tattler. lay low,' in the back ground, his- quill gliding over the paper, taking notes of the proceedings) until The Chief settled tho wrangle by observing politely:. ? ' Now, you galoots are having a lot to say ori the running of this paper, but as I'pay out I will also settle as to ?production— plainly, I'll run this rag as I like.' .: Quid Nunc desired to speak, but as he stood. \ip. to do so, was knocked under tho bulk- with a roll of rejected manuscript,; which Jungy called a ' straight tip! ' The Sub-Editor then culled upon the Printer's Dovil to yell out tho nanie3;,and so start in order, even if tho meeting ended in disordor. Some time elapsed ero tho Printer could locato his imp, who was at lnsfc found under tho machine, chewing rollers. After receiving absolution in a bath of lye, theP.D. got affirmations from (ho following scribblers (niany vo:o?sbeiiifr thick, as the ghost hud just walked, and a short cut to tho itoyal wftB near) ;— : Present: The Chief, The Cynic, Echo, Sarcasticr.s, Jungy, Quid 'Nunc, Tho Wanderer, Wideawake, Gcili/ug, The Fugitive, The Onlooker, and Tho Tattler ; and tho P.D. wont into tho streot for the Man About Town. The Chief was voted to the head of the stone, The Cynic being the only objector (he's always fault-finding). Our worthy headpiece delivered a short speech (interrupted by nasal sounds, which wore traced to The Fugitive, who never could stand suc cess). The Chief complimented all present upon so far contriving to do their work without the aid of a pair of I scissors, which, ho continued, was the greatest praise a journalist could wish for. (Tho Wanderer : 'Hie — hie — hie— sho shay allofus.) The Chief added that the first writer of his who brought into the Express office such a lazy journalist's vade mecum as he had mentioned would be at once invested with the order of the sack. (Groans ; and The Wanderer was re moved in tears to the Express grave yard, upon the shoulders of the Fight ing Editor.) The Chief having taken a .deep draught from a black bottle (thirsty mouths unslaked around him), eulogised his staff for their prying little ways, and urged them to con tinue to be vigilant, if not meddle some, for the public good. Quid Nunc here rose up : from his surroundings of rejected 'copy,' and said The Chief had just had a fair in nings, and he'd like to say a word— that word was ' Rag ! ' He said Tho Chief had termed the Express ' his Rag 1 ' Now, he (Q.N.) objected to the term. The Express, although not a half-moon — he meant it was only in its second quarter — nau no equal as an original, fearless and go ahead country bi-weekly. The speaker said that ' rag ' was not a term which found favour among the 'naicest,' and, if he got up a kitchen dance, the line would be drawn very tight in re gard to such incorrect verbiage — he had almost said slang. Much hubbub then arose, and it was impossible - for a reply to be heard, but several heated side arguments resulted, such terms being heard as — ' Beastly affectation ! ' ' Stuck-up little fop ! ' All paper is made of rag,' etc. The Chief apologised to Q.N., and the latter being observed handling the black bottle, it became evident that dignity and thirst had both been satis fied at once. Sarcasticus : Oh, talking of jam — the conserve had notbeen mentioned — I learn that my friend the Bathigli pedagogue took his whacks kindly. Geebung (of Tumbarumba) : That's so. And after The Chief got his spill up our way, the teacher was very good to him. The Chief : Yes, lads, he met me like a man. By the way, Geebung, don't forget to keep us posted over that little affair at Tuinba I nosed out (Q.D.: Hie ! Shief 's slangy again !) when up your way. We can't stand your townsfolk being run (in) by one man, even if he is a p ? n. The Cynic: Anything fresh about ' Olla's' ' little scheme that failed?' : Murmuring chorus, ' Hush !' The Man About Town avowed that it was unkind of Echo to keep hum ming about Brother Tumut. whon he replied not ; and our lives had been made unhappy by the Tumut -oracle' not having been sent us for tho last three issues. Troubled sounds arose at this awful intelligence, and a voice (believed to be Onlooker's): 'What a dire calamity in our young age !' Just here the Office Cat mewed, and as Tabitha, like all others in the ' in telligence department,' never speaks without a cause, all hands looked up, when the athletic Adelong Postman was observed to enter the office stag eerinc under his cusfcnirmrv lnnrl nf and other joyful sounds. Geobnng : 'Well, I do like to find a man taking his gruel kindly.' ? Jungy : 'He's on a good road now.' The Cynic : No more accidents for him ! ' Wideawake : 'I hope it isn't brib ery.' ? The Chief very severely censured this last remark, and stated that like somebody's wife, the Express was known to be above suspicion in that respect. The Printer's Devil : ''Ploaso, sir, you mean the Kaiser's wife.' Tho Man about Town : 'Hum ! No, my boy, Ceasar's wifo ! The Exphess nevor misquotes, and neither must vou.' Express letters, etc.; whereupon Sar casticus — who owes a bit, and feels quite capable of doing so — rushed to the armoured room. The Chief opened a few letters, and presently astonished the company by announcing that the Exphess had at length received Government advertise ments, as to work in our district, from the Roads Office in Tumut. Loud cries of ' Bravo, good old Super ! ' ' He's not thin-skinned.' At this stage a man entered the awful precincts of the Express Sanc tum Sanctorum, and implored the insertion of his advertisement for 12 months (paid in advance). After considerable hesitation, and as the would-Jbo advertiser was so pathetic, it was agreed, as a great favor, to allow the advertisement to go in, whereupon the advertiser per sistently begged the staff to 'liquidate their little bills' at his expense. Tho meeting then suddenly broke up in disorder, the only sound heard in ? the office shortly after being the mewing of the lonely Office Cat. 