The Outlook. Distinguished Visitors. Amongst the other visitors who are coming to Sydney in connection with the Common wealth celebrations, we are specially glad to welcome the Rev. Dr. Burgess, President of the General Conference ; the Rev. Thomas Adamson, President of the Victoria and Tasmania Confer ence ; and the Eev. J. S. Smalley, president of the New Zealand Confer ence. The Rev. W. Dinning, of Queensland, is unable to come, but will be officially represented by Rev. C. E. James, of Brisbane. The Rev. G. E. 'Rowe, of West Australia, is also unable to be present, but will probably be represented. The Rev. R. W. Allen will represent the Army and Navy work of British Methodism, and the Rev. S. B. Fellows has received an invitation as representative of the New Guinea Synod. ? , With this issue we bid 'Exit. adieu to the most wonder ' ' ful Century the world has yet seen. The advances that have been made during the years dating from 1801 to the present time, in knowledge, in invention, in arts and sciences, and in human progress generally, have been such as to almost be beyond belief. Other writers will dwell upon these aspects of the Century with a fulness of detail that want of space entirely pre cludes us from doing. But what is more ipertinent to our purpose, is to remember that the 19th Century has been distin guished above its predecessors as a ?Century of aggressive and successful .^Christian effort. Its missionary enter prises, the scale of its Bible circulation, the development of Sunday School work and of cheap and attractive Chris tian literature, have been beyond any thing ever seen on these lines since the world began. Many have run to and fro, and knowledge has been increased. .For all practical purposes the area of ?the world has been enlarged by the colonisation of Australia, the opening up of: Africa, and the Christianisation of the Archipelagoes of the seas. From an adherency of 200 millions at the be ginning of the Century, Christendom has grown and extended until it now claims sovereignty over the thought and life of nearly 500 millions of the human race. And more and more the world is being leavened and . humanised. The retrospect is decidedly gratifying. An unceasing purpose is running through the ages, and as the Century closes, we may adoringly exclaim : ' Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost. As it was in the beginning, 'is now, and ever shall be :, world with out end. Amen.' We share in the hope and The joy with which the in Common - auguration of the Common wealth. wealth of Australia is j' ; - - being regarded all over the - .continent and throughout the Em pire. It is an occasion of unique and solemn interest. The birth of a New Nation ! It is very seldom that the world witnesses such an event, and still more (rarely that the event transpires as the iresult of peaceful and orderly processes .'such as have preceded the formal in auguration of the new order about to be .established in our midst. There will be iunexampled crowds in our streets on .Tuesday next. The pageant of the day (.will live long in the recollection of all taking part in it, whether as actors or .spectators ; and the sound of its music land the huzzas of its crowds will travel round the world, and be heard and noted with more or less of interest by all the great powers of the day. A federated Australia, under the Crown of England, with laws based upon the Bible, with equal rights and liberties for all her peoples, and a heritage of wealth and opportunity never before poesessed by any people — surely, under the blessing of God, the career before us ought to be one of almost unexampled prosperity and ever- widening influence for good. So may it be ! ' Sail on, thou too, O ship of State I Sail on, O Union, strong and great I * » » * In spite of rock and tempest's roar, In spite of false lights on the shore, Sail on, nor fear to breast the sea I Our hearts, our hopes, are all with thee.' The report of the recent Board of Deputation to Fiji fills an Missions. octavo pamphlet of over 80 pages, and covers a wide field in relation to the present and prospective operations of the mission in Fiji. An important meeting of the Board of Missions was held on Friday evening last, to consider the report and its recommendations, and after sitting for fully three hours, the further con sideration of the matter was postponed till January 11 next. The extension of the self-governing powers of the Native Churches, the need of enlarged opera tions in connection with the Coolie mission — there are now 18,000 of these Asiatics in Fiji — and the promotion of the higher education of the Natives, were amongst the mattters engaging the attention of the Board on Friday last. Some important recommendations will presently be formulated for the con sideration of the ensuing Conference, and possibly of the General Conference At the invitation of the A Welcome Rev. W. G. Talylor, a to the number of ministers Bluejackets, and laymen met in the Centenary Hall on Friday, last in reference to the visit of the Rev. R. W. Allen and a number of Methodist soldiers and sailors in con nection with the Commonwealth cele brations. It was resolved to accord a welcome to these visitors, to take the form of a tea and social entertainment to be held in the Centenary Hall at an early date. The meeeing is sure to be one of special interest, and the Metho dist people of Sydney will gladly avail themselves, we are sure, of this oppor tunity of showing their admiration for the noble fellows of all arms of the service who are enlisted in the service of the Queen and the Empire, while still fighting the battle of the King of Kings. York-street will undoubtedly be crowded at the welcome meeting. In ' a brotherly talk' with A Methodist preachers, pub Brotherly lished in the New York Talk. Christian Advocate, the venerable Dr. Theodore L. Cuylersays so me plain and timely things. After mentioning that he is by birth a Presbyterian, he states that he has had a warm side to Methodism ever since his student days, and that he has preached over two hundred times in Methodist pulpits. He therefore, he declares, has felt a peculiar pain at the reported diminution of conversions in the American Methodist Church, and he warns the ministers against the tempta tion of racking their brains ' in attempts' to discover some new devices to attract auditors and to arouse a new interest among your people. If this leads any of you to try some sensational novelties, you will commit an awful mistake.. All sorts of sensational devices — whether in the shape of queer and startling pulpit topics or of Sunday evening musical concerts — have no permanent value ; like the use of alcoholic stimulants, there must be an increase of the dose, and a reaction of feebleness is sure to follow. To draw people to the house of God is very well ; it is better for them to be there than on a bicycle or over a godless Sunday newspaper ; but unless they are drawn to Jesus Christ and a Christian life, the chief purpose of attending church is not attained. You are not mere winners of human bodies to the sanctuary ; you are to be winners of souls to the Saviour. If your efforts this year do not turn some immortal souls from hell toward heaven, as well as build up Christ's disciples : into a stronger and holier life, then they will .be a most lamentable failure.' These are wise and weighty words, and will, we hope, bear fruit. The announcement is An made from the University Important of Strassburg that three of Discovery, its professors have dis covered a new inspired record of the life of Christ. These three are Professors Jacoby, Spiegelberg and Schmidt, all of whom are recognised as being among the leading archaeologists of Germany. They think that their discovery may be none other than the lost Gospel to the Egyptians. The fragment found — two pages — purports to be written by an eye-witness. It contains a prayer by Christ and an address by Him to the Apostles ; there is also an account of the agony at Geth semane. As only Peter, John and James Were present at Gethsemane, and as we are already in possession of the Gospel of John, the. Strassburg scholars believe the newly found Gospel to have been written either by Peter or James, inclining to the supposition that it is the work of Peter. The pages of the Gospel were discovered among a batch of Egyptian papyri purchased at Cairo for the Strassburg University Library. The pages were badly torn ; they have words on both sides, and the writing is in Coptic — the language spoken by the Egyptians in the time of Christ and during tho first centuries of the Christian era. 