WITH NUMBER THREE By RUDYARD KIPLING. * Xo. 2. Xumbcr Three fought her way inch by inch, and was met by a little kuot of arm> sisters. In civilisation their uniform i» hideous, but out here one sees the use of the square-cut vermilion cape. Everything else is dusr-coloured, so a man doe? not ask where a sister may be. She leaps to the eye across all the camp. '"And where are our wounded? asked Number Three. "Still raming in from Paardeberg. They're being dressed. You'll get them later. Where are your spare doctors? We had come up with six surgeons taken from the big Wynberg and Kondesbosch hospitals, where for months they had lived on a promise of work at the front. TJiey were not R.A.M.C. men. but house surgeons fresh from the home hospitals, ycung. enthusiastic, and happy, though their baggage had been cut down to the thirty-five pound scale, and they had no: the ghost of a notion where they were going. ! They were uncarted like stags on Mod- j I der platform, gazed awhile, met a man in [authority, and were swiftly commandeered. iTwo or three doctors lay dead or wounded across the plains, and it was a hot press for the medical sen-ice. Half a mile across the plain, behind the graves of the Highland Brigade, lay the hos pital tents, and thither loaded mule and ox waggons were heading. Like Number Three, they had been at the work a weary while. There came no surprise or bewil derment, hardly even any pity to the on looker, as the big Red Crosses lurched and pitched. This, said the waggons, is the custom with the wounded. Stricken men are gathered as soon as possible by the bearer companies, whose casualty list is a heavy one. They are dressed for the first time swiftly and efficiently. They are then put into the tilted waggons till they reach the hospital that sends them to the rail. The rail takes the badly wounded to Cape Town, and the sea that leads to Netley. This is the system, said the waggons, and here was the system all naked to the glar ing day. Three nights had the waggons been on the road - rained upon, thundered over, and lightened about-jolted, and jerked, and jarred; but the long and the short of it was that of eight hundred wounded the waggons had lost not one. Would the hospital take delivery, please, said the waggons, and they drew aside to rest; for their cattle were vein-, very tired. As for Xutriber Three? No, it would not be wise to visit Magersfontein. The train might be filled and sent away at any mo ment. There was an official ring about this, and I was not the least surprised that we waited eleven hours-time to hare gone to Magersfontein and back on all fours. Bat I am glad I stayed by Number Three. It is early days to make that field of blood a show-place, and-one can collect shells on other beaches when peace comes again. The station was the centre of local so ciety. The staff, including a German Prince, lived across the road in a battered cara vanseri with scores of ponies tied to tiie verandah. The platform was banked with Red Cross cases, badly needed at Kimberley,! and with mailbags badly needed by the I men 'Who came up, fingered them curiously, and slunk away. Business first, mails ! lata*. The telegraph office was a small edition of De Aar-hideously overworked. A knot of sappers came up from the river, where they had been tamping ballast under a new siding. Other sappers with "R.P.H." on their hats followed. These last were the details of the Rail way Pioneers, skilled mechanicians, and the. like, of Johannesburg; and under the grime and the khaki one met a host of a certain weird dinner given yi the Gold Reef city two years ago. One gets used to privates with visiting cards, and it is perfectly natural to discuss bacteriology, West African exploration, and the ethics of publishing, the intricacies of the Bankruptcy Act, and the prospects ofthe labour party in South Australia with spurred troopers. So it was not disconcerting to meet men of the Cbitral siege, once prisoners in the hands of Omra Khan, old schoolmates, In dian* staff corps men doing duty ajg "tail twisters" inthe transport, lost acquaint ances of ten years *go, side b£ side with the fellow-passenger of three weeks ago, unrecognisable to-day under pun-burn, hair, and dust. It was only an undress rehearsal for the Dayof Judgment. A . detail of Army Service men en route for Kimberley spread themsdves at ease on their baggage, and chaffed a quartermaster sergeantwbo bad lost bis sword; but by the regulations was miserably tied to (the eingty scabbard Jill he could return the thing tosttire. A loiot trf ^^i^,I^;pi)ardB demanded |iewf'..? ~ i»o news. We "want to rejoin. X)o ^6u know where he 1" ^ iblt^yttry divfc j nowhere and told a story» His wife hid died at home of influenza; was dead and buried. His people could look after the children, thank God; but it hurt-it hurt cruelly. He spoke and vanished. Half a mile up the line a private of High lander# was cookiug potatoes and Remolina together. He was in luck. Had helped ''swipe'" a Boer waggon overturned by our !shell tire: and picked up the semolina from ; the dust. j A knot of officers had made, themselves ? a rode nse$s-house in a roofless hut, with a blanket for shade. One of them wished i to see a sister of Number Three-to tell J her that So-and-so was dead. j A little gathering moved across the dust | to look for the graves of the Highland Brigade. Even now the nanie-boards are .split and blistered, and the date carries us i back a thousand years. j And so it went on, hour after hour, this procession of faces, this tangle of half jcaught tales. | Towards evening the remnants, as it jwere, of a battalion moved from the lios jpital tent in broken squads, one man eup 1 porting another. j They were our "light" cases-men denied j the merciful cushioning shock of a severe I wound-in acute and annoying pain. They would go down to Naauwpoort by the Kimberley train, but first they must be called over. Tiiey reached the platform haltingly; their uniforms were darkened in places by patches as of carelessly spilled varnish, and sometimes their trouser-hems were gummy wiili 1 lie Mine sluff. They sat down by companies in the dust, half a scorc of regiments mixed. Their o fit cere got them fruit and cigarettcs; the mere sound filled their com panions' water-bottles. They chaffed greatly in undertones, but they did not say one single word which by any construction could be considered eren coarse. They did not complain, they did not growl, they did not curse. They were going to Naauwpoort to get well. In a few days they would return. They had out marched and outmanoeuvred their enemy on a couple of biscuits a day, for they had also out-marched their provisions. Their companions were now attending to that enemy, and they were content. On their departure Number Three waked' to life. The waggons were coming from the hos pitals. The doors of the cars flew back; orderlies went to their stretchers; the side boards were ripped ont of the bunks; the cook put the last flavouring to the big stock-pot; the sisters stood to attention, each in her ward-a doctor and a sister the responsible for half a train apiece and the blessed morphine needles were made ready. They want rest from pain, our wounded. Food and clean sheet* will j often bring it, but on occasion we must; help nature. j The worn, chipped, and scratched rifles clattered into the arm-racka, the thin,; dusty kits followed, and after them the! loaded stretchers. "Fractured thigh," said an orderly. "Which-left or right?" said the sister, i "Right," said the man, and he wael slipped on to his back accordingly, injured 1% outside, where it could be got at easiest. "Special," said the orderly. Here was a dean stomach wound. He could eat milk and slops in a bunk marked to that effect, and the gentlemanly Mauser would suffer him to live. Down the car he went, think ing nobly of his soul, and in no way ap proving of milk diet. .Entered one amputation below the right elbow-very cheery. Full diet for this amputation, but no full diet for yonder lung-shot, who cannot lie down without pain. were mere any bick.' There were no sick, and the doctonr thanked heaven. They would sooner bring down three trains of wounded than one of sick. Dysentery that milks the heart out of a man and shames him before hie kind; tfaea-* mat ism, which, is the seven devils of tooth ache, in the marrow of your bones; typhoid of the loaded breath and the silly eye, in continent and consuming; pneumonia that; tftabs in the back and drives the poor soul, suffocating and bewildered, through all the hdls of delirium-we are clear of these for tiiis journey. The clean aseptic bullet-kiss and the shell-splinter are all our care. !. Quietly and quickly, .but above all quietly, come the stretchers. J Fractured shoulder;- elbow joint; fongi again from right to left, but nothing Vital touched; shattered forearm (owner says ex plosive bullet); two head cases, but both will live. Eye, bead, and neck; upp^r Jro; i thigh' again; two or tfcwse cleantfhota through the-thigh (owners very hungry);" shoulder smashed and top of finger shot #ff| (owner much annoyed over this "littlpj extra); forearmagain, and-^'pleaBe, sir, the blindages are pbchiri' ine horrifi.**-,, j It isn't the fcandage, biit (be doctor float not aay so. He exhibits 4<be igAer^tw] squirt, and the bandages miraculously: loosen themBelvif. - - ^ Now come the officers. J 4; One colond, bearded like the heavy swell o! the ilptittj another colonel (the High landers must have been catching it cnidly^f a major; ft bearded captain (qnlnve*tlgfr-; tionthis turn* iwi^obeja Heut(nant? fgft$ twenty-three,? when to Si shaved); Willi sprinkling ©f subalteraannd .doctor*. 11 In each nmp's fced ilfebag holding *$&$§ »?3w&aV; brush, sponge, soap, jmaf tootjibfush. Iliiay the GoodHope b^g, but Jtjwas -evidently invented'by "*! thoughtful she-angel, * -thick soup for choice, if they will oife Btay awake to drink it, and milk 3 brandy for the stomach and lung people 