CHOOSING THE AMERI- CAN PRESIDENT. The following vas written at the time of the laet Fregidential tleotion (1896) and the parallel is n?t without iateroBt jast now when tnother Fasldcntial elcotion ia vet; ehoitly (in NoTember) ta^e p THB JACOBINS OF CHICAGO. A FBENCH EEVOLI3TIOHAEY PABALLBL. The Hon A D. White, writing in the ' Forum 1 on the Presidential el c- tijn, nadtr the head,' Tbe Enoonragetments in the Present Crisie,' dev^taE the opening pagee cf hie paper to de~ fen^iag ihe parallel wbioh bss d aws between tie Democratic Ccnvention at Cbic; g > a d ihe Jieoli e of the French Revelation. . He eays :— There on the floor I seemed to see throld Jacobin tragi comedy; the same advocates of every extreme principle and ex'reme want ot principle, outbidding each otter for tie applause of the gal leri.es; tta same demaa;ogaeF, vilifying tho:e who were laboring most faithfully io serve the conntry; thj eame faaat'c3 ready to plunge thtir country in ruin to vindicate their no3trums; the same declaimerj Stirling hatred be'.ween different sections of the countr/; the same sensation mongers aroueing distrust between the men whose co-operation is necessary to the nationel peace and prosperity ; and viiibal the same body of thinking men, dazed by the tumult, stunned by the noise, silent in #n orgie of unreason. There, too, in the vast galleries was the Eame orowd of unbalanced men and hysterical women in eoBtasiea oyer statements more and more extreme ; discouraging the resebaerc, deifying the phrase mongers, proposing thus to . develop the activity and dirtct the policy of a great nation. . THE AMERICAN DESHOULINS. There was Oamille Desmoalins— ' The Boy Orator—beautiful, mellifluous; floor and galleries" hanging on his stock pbrace? a ad as delighted to call him their leader as ihey were de lighted later on to send him to the guil lotinewhen they had discovered his hollotrhess. There, too, were, far worse types : Barrere, B»ras, Tallien, and the rest, exploiting credulity and encouraging Ana; chy ; in the hope of picking place or pelf from the nias. THE FBENCH ALTGELD, TILLMATJ, AND : WAIT®, , I noted that while thay gave the first place on their trcket. to an eiosutionary attorney whose gifts, and graces: had been at the service of any oorporations iniiling to pay the moderate fee required to fesure them, they gave tte second pUoe toaback^r and manager of eastern ralways and, steamer lines, who had grown rich in practising the arts and conniving at the schemes which the convention a&ected; to condemn. Then it was th*t there rose before me Frouohe, dambaceres, and other Jacobin extremists, who, having began their career by advocating every wild sole me, and haying ridden into power on the e!o;m they had raleed, received the fruit of their labors after their dupes had perished by millionvand .treasure had been thrown iato tbe abyss by billions. These controlling spirits at Chicago seemed to me essentially of the same breed. FFIOFIT AS8IGNAT8 TO SILVBB AT 16 TO 1. As I read the proceedings at Ghicajgo, I Tecall those revolutionists at Paris who initiated the long serieB of sterile revelations not yet ended; who^bwarted alt reel efforts at rational reform; who brought in miiery Infinitely worse than that which they pretended to remedy, and despotism infinitely worse than that which they pretended to oppoee. Their speeoheBoome baok to me with a strangely familiar sound ; especially ag I hear these men of today clamoring for fiat silver and foreshadowing fi&t; paper. I seem to hear the long, lice of demagogues, successful in pressing on the issues of billions more of fiat money, declaring it 'the be3t ourrenby in tte world,' insisting tla^ the laws of nature did n^t opsrate in a free country like Fiance, aacribing the rapid depreciation of this fiat money, and the wreck of business, to the corruption of the ministry, tbe perversity .of merchants, the machinations of hankers, the Intrigues of England—to every c use save the right ne. I seem to hear Prudhomme declaring -^- v Cloin willgo on rising until the people have liung » broker.' and Gquthcn' first carrying a law puniehicg any fereon selling paper money for. less than its nominal value with imprisonment for twenty years in chains, and next a law punishing those making investments abroad with death. I seem to hesir the same demagogues who, • whea farmers refused to sell their produca for worthlees fiat money, carried jaws which obliged the farmers, under, pains and per allies, to bring in their grain, the millers to grind it, and the merchants to sell it. THE END OF IT ALL. And all this financial deifaubh, going on until the entire issue of fiat money bed reached close upon foity thousand millions of franc's, with the result that all thrift had been obliterated, all business vitiated, the working classes plunged into abject distress, the country given over to an aristocracy of stock gamblers and money changers, until finally a Bona- parte was needed to force ths nation back to a ued money. And I note that on Jcly 16,1798—a hundred years,almost to a day, before the assembling of tl e convention at Chicago—the whole fiat mot ey system in France collapsed, and the vast mass of thirty-six thousand millions of assigoat% and two and a ball thousand millions of mandtts, issued ' uader the eanetion of a free people,' all btciins refuse. Bat he cotelad 8 by enameraticg the rsrioas forces upon which honesty and good senss can rely in the United Statss today whioh were absent in revolutionary France. His article is a very powerful one. Taking that and Mr Rice's together, it is difficult for «n outsider to feel that Mr Bryan has even the ghost of a char ce. The diffionl y Is, that outsiders were so convinced cfthis from the first that they never would have credi'el the possibility of Mr Bryan's nomination. 