THE WOODS' GHOST. -0 IýPossibly General Pawnclifie was eccentrie Aicause he could ndt help it, but it is more iprobahble he did things in a manner entirely -different from anybody else because he wrailte8lto make a sensation. ife was a wealthy man, and therefore he -could do very nearly as be liked. SHe was haughty, overbearing and irrit -able. I always thought that if he had been the -czar of Russia or the shah of Persia he 'would have played his role very well. He had built a fine house on the banks of the Delaware, and at the verge of the Block woods, of which he was the owner. Ha was not more than 45 years old, and appeared to be entirely alone in the world; at any rate, no one in Blockville ever heard that he had any relations. At the time of which I write I was a t-:young fellow of 16, of no sort of consequence w. hatever, and my name was, hut is not now, Pardon Sashwood, though mother sad every body else called me Pardy. My mother vas a dressmaker in the town and did a big business. She never said anything about my father, and I did not know anything about him, and I concluded that he had been hanged, or otherwise nipped in the bud, and I did not press my enquiries in regard to him. I was a regular resident in BlockHall, as General Fawncliffe called his elegant man sion. and my first. duty is to explain how I happened to be a dweller beneath its princely roof. I was very fond of fishing, and my mother was very fond of .eating fish, for I caught very nice ones in the river. One day I sat upon a rock that projected out into the stream just below the general's neansian. Above me was a sandy beach, and while I sat there the general drove down upon it in his buggy, with a high spirited horse. I wondered what he was doing there with such a turnout, The horse was full of spirit, and the choleric driver seemed to he well supplied with spirits, though of the artificial sort. The animal pranced and capered on the sand, and did not appear to have learned that his master was as impatient as he was eccentric. The horse had a way of his own, and so had the general, and as the two ways did not run in the same direction, it created an. unpleasantness between them. At last the driver used his whip without the exercise of much discretioi, and, the bruten-manifested himself in a very. decided manner. Then I decided that he was trying to drive the horse into the water, where he was unwilling to go. But the general got the best of it in the end, and drove the obstinate creature straight into the river, is though he in tended to cross to the other side. Inua few moments the animal had to swim, but he struck out bravely, the general .-a:ipplying the lash all the time ; in fact, he seemed to be whipping him for his own satisfaction, now that the brute had yielded to the point. In another moment the buggy, which appeared to be floating, suddenly toppled over and spilled the occupant into the w dter. He lost his hold, and then I saw that he could not swim. The horse took a circle' round the spot and swam to the shore, dragging the buggy after him, . : Just below the rock. on -which I was seated was a bateau, and I lost no time in getting to it. I had some skill in the use of the paddle and I soon reached the general, who was floundering about in the waiter like a. grounded whale. He was a large man, and I. saw- that it would be impossible. to get-hiiimi into the boat. I asked him to take hold of the stern i support himself while I paddled to th' beach. He used expletive. and insieted upon getting into the boat. I told him I would lhave him-' tohis fate :·if hedidnotdo as directed .. The threat carried hiim, and he held on to the boat till his feet touched the bottom.. ' II will kill that horse !' he exelaim'ed when be reached the beach and had re eovered his breath. -.' He. is, the ugliest' brute I ever drove.' . . :. 'He is 'not so much a brute: as- bd are, general,' Isaid. 'You acted lik la heathen when you :whipped. him, anyI. had hal~fa mind to let you drown.* : ,,--. He looked at me in utter-: astonish ment.. . Perhaps he thonght I had. earned; the right to speak my itinid, buat whether i:E hacd I- not I expres~ed myself as plainly :as though I ha~d been the general and he had been Pardy,'Sash wood. Doubtle~is it was a new thing for anyone to 'speak rp' to hirne 'B" y, I[ want you to come and:live-with he said, and I was amazed then. UI won't doit,' I replied. ' I would not live under the same roof with such aporcupine as you are for all your money.' He actualty teased me, and be expressed his obligations to me very handsonmely, but I stuck to my text. I helped him rig his buggp,, now that Lhe horse had cooled off, and he insisted on d:iving me home, whichk I permitted him to do. My mother saw :me when I got outof the buggy. - The generarl told mc. to thiink of his o?:r and come to his house if I decided to ac ieptit. , - Mly mother, after she heard all about the a~ir in the river, insisted that I should. accept the offer. SI argued against it for a long time, but hnally yielded to her wishe- - The next day I b-~onged to the general's household, and Mrs Cashley gave me a hearty welcomne. General Fawncliffe treated me with a degree of consideration accorded to no other person. I helped him about his accounts and -apers, though I was permitted to attend h' academy. S I ,realy came to like him after a while, • .: ? .;. . :,- . .. . and`I know that I improved his nmorals and manners to some extent. His narrow escape from drowning had stronglyimpressed him,:I discovered.. He' was a victim to that malady of seden tary and lazy people, insomnia. He had been in the habit of drinking more whisky than was good for him as a remedy. He told me he could not sleep until he had drunk at least six glasses. I reasoned- with him, talking flatly and plainly, as I always did. I asked him to stop it and walg one or two hours in the Block woods after nine in the evening. He tried it with good results, and after that called me doctor. After he had practiced this walking for a couple of weeks, he told me he had. seen a ghost in the woods on three successive nights. I laughed at him, and asked him if he had been drinkidg whisky again, but he assured me he, had not' The next night I watched myself in the grove. - Sure enough, I saw a figure in white, though I did not believe it was a spirit from the other world. I saw that the figure tried to approach the general, but from fear or some other motive, he kept his distance from it. I had a revolver, and with this in my hand, though it was not loaded, I went with the general to the Woods one bright moon light night. The ghost came as usual; and -the general \- was inclined to retreat: So was the figure when I showed:myi self. But I pursued it. I held uF my revolver and, threatened to' shoot if the ghost did not halt. 'No, Pardy ! Don't fire ! I am your- mother,' screamed the ghost, not knowing. the weapon was unloaded. She halted, and' I went up, to-her, the - general following me when ii was assured'' that the figure was not a supernatural' one. - She was dressed in white, as she usually was in summer, and I wondered if she was troubled with insomnia. When the general had come up with us my, mother said ' Pardy, General Fawncliffe is your father I and my husband.' .'Emily l' he ex laimed,1 I wondered where Pardy got all. his impudence, for' I thought he could have inherited:- it only? from me.' - - We then had a long talk in-= the moon; light. I knew that my mother had s'ome from California, but her former ' home ..was one of the things of which she very- seldom spoke. The general acknowledged her as his wife before me. They had disagreed and separated. For the sake of her son. she had followed him, hoping that .years had softened his. temper. She did not care to call upon him at his house, bhut when I became ,upon such ex cellent terams with him she had decided to meet him in the woods, where I told her he walked every night. He had fled from her, haut she persevered till I brought matters to a head. My mother is now the mistress of Block Hall, and I still have to do a great deal of plain speaking. 