THE EXPERIENCES OF A MEDIUM. \- A materialising medium who is wellkaown in spiritualistio oiroles is Madame D'Esperaice, concerning whom 11 Light ' has published some | aoooant'of {he way iu which she began to know that the invisiblo world is as real as that wbicb is visible; ' In her oase it seems indeed as if the i-invl»ibln World was at Or^t the more real of the .two. . ' From ber infaney Madame. DVBgperance .dwelt among the spooks, Beemg tbeui'moving in and out among men and as human as. 'her. own parents. ; ' So far as I know, the first real thought I ever took in conneotion with these expeiieooes was when necessity arose foe defiuing and eep arating-them from theexperienoea of tho worka day world ;. when .'I oame gradually to the un derstanding that the- world ia whioh I spent most of the day wm not. tbe 'same world that the neoplo round about mo inhabited. The dis ovory did not trouble me. I fapoy 1 was rather, iroud of being tho solo proprietor of a- ' world to vhich my nurse and othera of tbe workaday voiid had no entree ; where the people' were tinder and quainter. It was a' wonderful laad, ind I never ' tired of relating its marvels and -eauties, till one day I was told that I was' old jaoogh to leavb off romaneiBg' and weaving ab'-' iurd etories. 'It took me some time to understand that my itorics were not believed, hut when I did ^ay' in lignatioa was. boundless. I learned, howeiwr, vt last, that these ara soeao-ttalogs it is a4 woB' nob to talk about to everyone ; so I gradually left off translating the voices of the wtn4 /or tbe songs of the bird*, whioh nobody believed, oe oaly called romaaoing — a .word, whioh I g^ew to late. ? ' ' To compensate for this.l took much more comfort- in my humein (?) companions, who in babitid what I call my ' ohadew ' land, though they were anything but shadows to me. | They we're abraiyfl kind. If I passed them on the staiis,' or ia the oM-fashioned rooms,- thoy greeted me with friendly sables. They seemed to like to have me watching them as tbey moved about, aad this I often did. -Sometime* strangers oame, but for the most part I grew to recognise tbom all, and loved tbem dearly. ' One. old lady who frequently occupied a seat near the cbisaney corner attracted mo ; she looked so sweet and gentle in the quaint white bead-dress and laee fiohu sho wore, as she sat with tiwiftly moving fingers uuder which a stocking was always beiog formed. The vision fascinated mo as I observed, time after time, how the deft fingers ' manipulated the yarn and Ihe glittering needles, till the idea came to me that I might learn hew to knit from watching her.- ' '. lteascd.. my./riurse to -supply me with tho necessary . materials, and. then tried hard to inwtete the; movements of my shadow, friend. -^' Tbejj'.said our house was haunted, and gruesome stories were ' told of tbe ghosts who perambulated in .many empty rooms. ' 1 was horribly afraid of ghosts. I didn't know what -they ? were, but - all the same, 1 was afraid of them ; afraid to move from one room to an other without my shadow friends for company ; afraid to be left alone in bed unless I *aw the friendly face or smile of one of them, and. felt certaiu they . would protect me from the dreaded ghosts. With them I knew no tear ; dark rooms had no terror* for me. I would spend hours in the haunted rooms, content to know that ' my shadow friends were an all sufficient protection againBt tho ghosts ; but without tbem I was tbe veriest coward. Tbis seeming inconsistency gained for me the repu tation of being -' queer.' ' '?MadameD'Ejiperance had ber esrs bexed for describing tbe old lady from shidowland who knitted so quickly ia the chimney corner. But she got over that. What filled her. ohild soul with boiror was the assurance given her by the doctor ' that other people, seo those things, but they are mad: From that moment she shuddered with dread whenever she saw them, believing eaoh apparition waa a proof that bet reason was going. At last, to her great de light, sho found that they appeared but seldom and almost entirely vanished. , 'When at school, Madame Drapers nee had a very curious experience. She 'hod to write an essay oa Nature. ' My.. attempts at wriling only resulted in wasted paper, hiadaohes, or miserable tears at my ru B-soocess, I began to dsspair of ever pro ducing a readable sentenoe. Every moruiug I rose with the determination to write something, before night, and eaoh night 1; went to bed rc Bolved to keep awake to think out something before morning ; but thoughts would not come — neitter ia tho daylight nor in the night. ' At last', when it bad reached to within three days of the u1 kitted time and I had still ?dote nothing, I was -. driven to my knee* and prayed long aud earnestly that God would send me thoughts. Wheu I went to bed that night I. took with me candles, paper, and pencils, in .tending, when the other girls were asleep, te light my candles and begiu to write ; but, alas for me, they would', not, let me have a light, and, .in.despuir, I cried myself te sleep. '? Next morning,'' when miserably gathering, up tho scattered iheets of paper from tbe floor whero they had fallen, 1 discovered that they were covered by clisely-written lines, wbioh turned out to be a charming, well-thought-out oMflV Tl.lV nft»r dim nADairlAmfinn. T vnu ol lowed to send in as my work, the handwriting being unmistakably my own, though thB ideas were clearly from a wiser and older head. ' My story of huw 1 had prayed for thoughts to be eiven to me, together with my own som nambulic propensities, wib accepted as tho pro bable ixpUnation of the otherwise mysterious occurrcnoe. . ' Some years later, when I had exchanged the busy, ocoupied life of eldest daughter in a large family for that of a young wife who for. several hours a day ' was left to her own com pany,.! was horrified to find the shadow people reappear, anfl I began to be tormented by the old fear of a .diseased brain. I never spoke of these strange visions, I was too' much afraid, of people thiukir-g me mad ; but the net ry secret wus a torture to me.' ; , Theu Madame -D'CSspe'ranoe: began to hear about spiiitufclism. She scoffed at fir*t, but was soon ccuvinced, and a great peace and rest came to ber. She got automatio writing and then she began to 'sketob the ^portrait of the ihiadow people, .. 'These were generally done uj; the dark, as I found that tbe darkuess acted ap a back ground, throwing into strong relief every atnoU detail of the figure I tried to sketob. At first I was as much surpriseitas anybody to find I had actually succeeded in making a tolerably ? oca rate drawing under knob conditions. I did not understand how I did it; all 1 kuew was that to me it was not dark. Most of tbe portiaits so drawn were identified and claimed by the friends of the portiayed person, so that out of some hundreds diawu I onlyrotain a half-dozen or so which were nbt recognised.' 'J . Af^r experiments 'for five or six years, -they began to experiment for materialisation. At the fuurtb fritting : — '' Those Bitting outside the cabiuet declared that they saw a baud,, theu a fuce, appear be tween tbe openings of the curtains. I (sitting in the darkness) saw nothing, and-was dis tinctly incredulous. I went outside the curtaius to have a look, but fouud to my dismay that my limbs would hardly bear me. I did see a faco, bat sank into my ahair immediately, feel ing strangely weak and powerless ; and a sort of fai-awa.v-from-cvorybody sensation fright ened me vciy much; While in the cabinet I ..heard the remarks of the people outside dil-' tinctly, though tbey seemed to bs npeakiag miles away. TLey were talking to tbe owner of the face I had seen, inviting him to come out, but he declined on the soore of having no clothes. 'During the interval between that eveuing' and our next . meeting, my friend, UrB. F , and I manufactured some garments out of somo old ones which we intended to placo at the dis posal of onr strange visitant should bo coma again. A garment was taken to the seance room and hung up within the cabinet, ready for use when thti spirit came. He did come, and eixamined the. garment critically, but was evi dently aot so pleased with it as we were, for ho rolled it up and threw it' outiuto tho room ; aft'erwaJrds stepping out.bimself fully olothod in a robe of purer, finer, aad more giaceful fashion than that whioh we bad provided. This was'tbo beginning of a — to me — new phase of medium ship, and, curiously enough, the more it was cultivated the more difficult it became to obtain any other kind of phenomena, showing that the ine phase was cultivated at tho expense of tbe -tber.' ? j -. ... In a book written by M, Akiakoff, ' A case of partial dematerialiaation of a medium body, »' detailed account appears of B materialising seance given by Madamo D'Esperance at Hel Biogfors in Deo., 1893, at tbo urgent-request of spiritualists of high social standing. In a subsequent letter to M. - Akaakoff, Madame' l/Bsperance wrote j— ' Tho peooHar thing about' this soanoe con lisbs in tho disappearance of -' half my body, wbioh I only fomrd out by.accident. My head, or rather the nape et my neck, was Riving me a good deal of pain, and I ocoised my hands be nt ud my bead to support it, which seemed to' relievo me. My arms got tired iu that position, - and wishing to rest thorn on my kuoes, I found . that my leg* were goae, and that my hands, ' instead of. retting on my knees, were on tbe chair. Tliot frightened me aljttle, and jl wished to know, whether it was tvue,-3r 'if I was dream ing. There was light enough, so I callcd the attention at the p£naa silting next mo to tbe strange thing i bo examined Ihe chair, . and so dW four of the others, and they all de61anSd- it was true, and that only the upper part of my body waa really there. - The charr had only mv dress on -it ; my inns, shoulders, and chest wero in the proper place . above the ohair. I could speafc, move my arras and head, drink, water, and even feel my legs and feet, although they .were. . not there. - During all this time tbe fwns came and -went, . but they only showed themselves ; hinds of. different shapes and sizes touched those who were nearest the cabinet. 1 think jt must.bavo continued an hour from the time I first dis covered my strange condition, which was long enough .to verify it, and quite long enough for me, wbo did not know if ever 1 would get hick my legs and be able to go home, a doubt that made me nervous.' ? ' M- -Vksakoff and the other sitters corroborate tbo enn-e truthfulness of tho foregoing state ment, shiK^he former thinks that partial deam teiiali/atiou\may be a far more frequent .phe nomenon than is at all- suspected. This ex perience went to confirm his theory about tho source from whioh tbe ' spirits ' draw the sub stance for their materiilisations. That theory is that there ate three degrees of materialisa tion. In the Drst'dejjcee, we have ' invisible materialisation invisible to the multitude, ; but not to the clairvoyaut. In tbe secind degree wo have the visible and tangible materialisation of -bands, faces, aud other parts of the body. In the. third degree, wo have full forms. In all cases the matter must come from somewhere, and M. Aksakoff believes it comes from the medium. A:peeuliarity of Madame D'Espsraace's me1 .diumsbipis said to be that by a bargain with tho spirits, she never goes into a trance, and al ways sits.outaldo the cabinet, and, although sho becomes passive to tho point of indifference, she always knows all that goes an. 