HARVEST FESTIVAL. An annual event that is always' looked forward to with a deal of in tcrost throughout the district is tho Harvest Festival held by the C.E. penple. That it should be so ia only natural when we consider that the fee VI W 1*1 »a u vtiuuUDfi,! - Itllf 1U1 ui-k^y 1UUI1' dnnt harvest whioh the Omnipotent showers on us ; and that interest was more marked this year was no doubt due to the splendid yields thiit have been reaped. Speoial services were held in the ohuroh on Sunday, and on Tuesday evening a publio taa and meeting were held in St. John's 'Hall. The building was nicely deco rated with flagsj interwoven with bunches of wheat and oar. crops. ' Tea was fixed for the convenient hour of 7 p.m., and every conceivable delicaoy could be found on the tables, at whioh a large gntbering were seated. The secretaries (MisseB M'CookandBenton) had attended to the hundred and one duties, and everything went off smoothly, the ball being- olenrcd and ready for the meeting nt, 8.30. Mi38 Stevenson opened thn prcovedings with ' Moezkowslii 'Waltz,' played in an excellent manner. The Rev. A. jO. Mosley, in opening the meeting, said the celebration of the festival was huvdly in harmony witb their present feelings. In a distant land their fellow oountrymen were suffering great pain on the field of battle. The British reverse 'o£ which they had received word a few days ago did not dishearten him ; tho worst feature was its moral effect, as otherwise it only made them more determined to forge ahead. General Buller had been taught to suffer much rather than forfeit the life of his soldiers, and a man less qualified might have held the position regard less of the sacrifice. With General Buller there was that well-known strategist and authority, General Olery — whose. works were now aooepted as text books ia the war schools in Germany— and they were officers ia whom every reliance oould be plaoed. But he must remember he was at a ohuroh -meeting — not; a . patriotio meeting. Buskin had said the .duty of all men to their commonwealth, or empire was (1) to assist-to maintain such; (2), to assist in its advance ment, nnd (3), to assist in its defence. In a like manner he thought it was the duty. of all ohurchmen to assist 41\ai« stVinw/tlt I-a 4-1* a. ..iBM-_.Ml. a.l 4.1 ? fu power. If they had, ?what a marvel lous difference there would have .been in the life and growth of their churchy Ho would say something anent their work later in the evening. Mr Lauer song ?? The Message from the King'1 in fine style. He has a nioo light baritone voice, but his ar tioulation is somewhat defloleivt. Misa H. Jones, who has a well-modulated voice, reoeived a hearty enoore for her singing of ' Flight of Ages.' The Rev, Mosley introduced the Presbyterian minister, Rav J. W. Jennings, When Mr Jennings came to town he bad muoh pleasure in wel ooming him ; they didn't rush together but greeted each other as Ministers of the Lordr There was no enmity on either side, and they had been on good terms ever einoo. There were certain points they differed on,- but eaoh wished the other sucaeas in bio great work, salvation of soule. The Rev. Jennings made one of his u»uaiiy coaracieripuo,- iree speecnes. I Before he' had seen Mr. ftloaley ho bad I noeivod a letter welcoming him to I the distriot. Ho wnn a Presbrterian, I but, he hoped, not a bigoted one. Xt- I would never warp his feelings or pre- ] Tent him from offering the right hand j to all fellow lovers of Christ. They 'wore all fighting the groat battle for 'the Lord ; they were made of differ ent battalions — or call them what they liked— but wore lighting for the one end. Over at the war in. Africa, there were English; Irish (indSc'ottmh soldiers amongst the officers, ,hnd it .?was the same in the .wnk and file, They were all one grand army, under . ona flag, rnarohing on to, chastise the oppreaBor and give oivilf and ieligibus liberty to all men. (Applause.) So it should be with the Gospel — all ? working to give spiritual 'freedom to those bound in sin. He waa . very grateful for the invitation he had re ceived to be present 5 he felt more at. . home now as ho was a bashful roan, lilce all hia oountryme'n, the colonial?. It, was. the general idea they were cheeky, but they wore only ao' in eeJf 'defence. He had many true friends among the Episcopalian' clergy, and had spent many pleasant hours with them. There may be differences in their doctrines, but he was always ready and. willing to olasp hands with people of all denominations and ex olaim ' Glory be to the Father and to the Son and to the Holy Ghost.' Mr W. E. Lucas, for bis singing of 'Sons of New Britannia,' received an encore ;' he was heard to better advan tage in his encore item, ' The Yeo ? man's Wedding Song.' Mrs- Gold- smith, judging by her einging of ' Only a Dream,' should prove an acquisition to our musical circles. Our popular baritone, Mr P. Westdn, lost none of his prestige by the sing ing of ?' Under the Old Flag; whiob he 'tendered with good effect. , The Bev. E, J. Spenoer indulged in a humorous discourse. He thought he ?was coming to a harvest festival, but he seemed to be at a patriotic meeting. As he didn't lcuow muoh about the latter heoauldn't apeak on the subject. He congratulated them on their splen did hall, about which there was anlv one fault— it was here instead of being at Adelong. Regarding the L1000 Century Fund that Mr ftlosley intend ed raising this year, -he thought it rather ' oool.' Scill, ho trusted. Mr Mosley would Beoure the money, sons to further improve the ball, providefor a substantial' new fence, build n church at Keno, and help their great work, the missions, which he under stood was the reotor's intentions The patriotic fervour of the gather ing was further appealed to by Miss Jenkins* song ' When the Em pire Cnlls,' but the range was hardly suitable for the young lady's voice. The Kev. Spencer gave an amusing recitation, and Mr L&uer; brought the musical part of the programme to a olose with ' The Sleeping Camp,' for which he received an encore. The Bev. Mosleyeaid that as the Century Fund had been mentioned, ho might inform them that the Fund was going along fairly well. As yet people were not as willing ? to part with L100 as he was to- receive it ; still they were doing well. The fol lowing amounts had eo far been re ceived : — Mr J. Rouinnon. L75 ; M'r B. M. Osborne, L25 (making his total this year towards the Churob, L96) j Rev. A. 0. Mosley, L20 ; Mrs Davison, L13; Mr G. Giltoes, LlO ; Messrs G. Man waring, sen., J. Smart, G, Smart, J. Glusscock, T Makoham and Mrs Makeham, L5 each ; Mr W. S. Clemson, L2 10s ; ftjr J. Kent (Syd ney), LI Is; Mr P. Cog'gan. LI. These donations, together with what was in hand for. the fencing and the cum raised by the recent flower show, brought the total in hand up to L25O, and he trusted to raise the remaining L750 before the er.d of the year.- .If he only had a dozon sanguine onoB like himself to pull while he steered, he. would have no doubt of the result. He thanked the secretaries for their labors, paying Miss Benton a warm tribute for her services to the Church, and also thanked the many othors who had assisted. The singing of tho National Anthem conolnded tho meeting. 