[?] The Distresses of Daphne BY W. E. NORRIS Author of "My Friend Jim," "Major and Minor," &c.;) COPYRIGHT. " BY W. E. NORRIS (Author of "My Friend Jim," "Major and Minor," &c.;) CHAPTER "VII.— FRIENDSHIP.' On a ehilly, murky November afternoon Mrs. Hamilton was toasting her toes before tlie fire in Palace Gate, where she lived, when Captain dough was announced. She started up, with a little cry of pleased sur- prise, which her visitor ought to have found flattering. "At last! I was beginning to despair of you. Y;hat have you been about these hun dred years?" "Well," he replied, "for these hundred days past— it is just about that length of time since we parted at Bayreuth, isn't it? — I have been mostly shooting. My record is much too monotonous to interest anybody; but I should like to hear yours. What have you been doing meanwhile?" "You might," returned Mrs. Hamilton, resuming her seat, "have had the curiosity to ask that question by post. Perhaps you don't realise what a dangerous thing it is ' to -break off a course of Marieiibad treat ment before it is half finished." I may nofcTfave realised all the dangers of the situation; hut I owe you no apology, considering that you refused me all informa tion as to your movements. However, let me repeat my question, now that you are here.and 1 am here. What have you been doing?" "Oh, very little worthy of mention. Re covering, I suppose." "Both of you?" Mrs. Hamilton sighed, laughed and. nod ded. "Yes, both of us, I am thankful to say. , At least, I quite hope and believe so. But — we were terribly near a catastrophe, weren't we?" "I don't know. Wo certainly seemed to be within measurable distance of an event — catastrophic or otherwise, according to "the .point of view. I can't say that, from my point of view, there is anything to take exception to in Otto von Kariienbut-g. "Oh, Jack, don't be so exasperating! It stands to reason that you must have taken exception to him; though I daresay you anay not have disliked him as much as I did. Anyhow, we have done with the man for go oil and all now, I trust." "II m! And Miss Daphne?" "She has dismissed him from her mind. You know— or probably you don't know- how easy girls take fancies and get rid of them." . . ".Some girls, no doubt; but is she of that sort?" "There is only one sort," Mns. Hamilton boldly declared. "Infinitely varied, of course, like a packet of mixed seed, but the same, in essentials. Daphne's distinctive peculiarity, for instance, is her mania for music — she lias gone out to take a violin lesson now, by the way. Well, I suppose he understood that, and took measures accord ingly. But from 'the moment she had left him and Bayreuth behind her—!" "She proved lier resemblance to the rest of the species by foi-getting ail about him? You are not too complimentary tfo your only child." "All I said was that, like other girls, she is liable to take fancies which come to 110- thinig. Would you really have preferred to hear that this one had come bo some thing?" "No; since you asked me, I "shouldn't. Only I don't feel as convinced about the matter as you profess to be." Mrs. Hamilton did her best to convince him — n'rit wholly in vain. To be sure, lie had seen Daphne's eyes He had noted a subtle change in her voice, reserved for Yon Klahienlburg, and 'he knew what he knew; yet the fact remained that she bad obeyed orders 'and had turned her back upon her Austrian admirer without a protest. Would she have proved so docile if she had been anything like seriously enamoured of that ardent, hut casual, pretendant? His esti mate of Miss Daphne's character warranted a negative reply. Then, too, it was cousolinn and encouiliging to hear that She had fre- quently wondered whether lie was going to be in London at all .that winter. Equally consoling aud encouraging to Mrs. Hamilton was the information which she ilicited that Captain C'lough intended to bo in London, off and on, for some time to came. This satisfied her that he must have other intentions of a nature to command her warmest sympathy, and although 'they were neither of them so indiscreet as to become more explicit, they understood one another pretty well before their chat came to an end. Each, at all events, understood very well what the other wanted, and would, if pos sible, bring to pass. But there are tilings which cannot, with the best will in the world, be brought to pass. Had Jack Ciougli not been aware of that already, he would have been made aware of it a few minutes after ho had eiueiiged into the raw outer air, by his en counter with a young lady, carrying a violin ease, who joyously recognised and accosted him. For. if her joy at beholding him was unfeigned and avowed, she lost no time in letting him know how little excuse was thereby afforded him for personal vanity or self-congratulation. He had not been talking to lier for two minutes before she ruthlessly" cut short liis hesitating commonplaces by inquiring: "What became of you aud— and your friend after that Parsifal evening?" . The short pause which preceded her re ference to his friend was significant, as was also the smile (perceptible even in that un certain light) with which- she received his answer of: "Oh, we tore our .hair arid went our re spective ways; what else could we do? My way, as you see, has ended by landing me in Palace Gate; it is upon the cards, I sup pose, 'that Von Kahlenburg's may have the same goal, for lie is no stranger in- Lon don." "So he told me," observed Daphne, add ing, after a moment of silence, "It is such a pity that mother can't bear him!" ."Does that matter?" "Yes; because if, by any elranee, he should come to London and should find out our address " "As lie undoubtedly will." "Do you think so? Wcli, then he will just as undoubtedly he told that wo are not at home. And I shall be sorry for that, be cause I myself like him extremely. You also like him very much, don't you?" "As much or as little as you please. The extent of my liking for him depends, L-lie- lieve, entirely upon the extent of yours." Daphne laughed. "Well," she said pre sently, "it would be good-natured of you." "To tell him how extremely you like ham?" "That would be unnecessary, I hope; we got on so well together, he and I. But you might, if the occasion should arise, tell him that I am really sorry 'to seem so rude." "You are going to seem rude, then?" "1 am afraid we must. Mother has taken him en grippe — for some reason which I can't guess. Can you?" Jack shook his head — disappointing her a little, he fancied, by his inability to throw any light upon so strange a phenomenon. Site put a fow more questions to him. They were questions which anybody who liad been unaccountably deprived of a pleasant acquaintance might have been expected to ask, and tliey did not in the least prove that she was breaking her heart for the vanished Otto; yet if she had been heart broken, she would scarcely have proclaimed tlie circumstance, nor did it follow from lier light manner that she was not a good deal more interested than she chose to appear. She took, at any rate, no sort of interest in an old friend, suve sueli as attached to him in his capacity of a connecting link with a new one. Jack soon satisfied himself of that chastening fact, formed his own conclusions, and ceased to enlarge upon per sonal topics .Which had secured the sympa thetic attention of lier mother. Much Daphne cared whether lie was succeeding or failing in his now part of a country gentle- man! — much she cared whether he stood or not for the vacant Parliamentary division which lie liad been invited to contest! With regard to lier own life and occupations, she manifested a similar off-hand uncon cern. "Oh, there's nothing to tell," she said; "we jog placidly alo ng. My one daily event just now is a fiddle lesson from a mas ter Who lives on the north side of the Park, and who gives himself such airs that his pupils have to go to him, since lie won't he at the pains of coming to them." Then she politely hoped that she might soon see Captain Clough again, and so re sumed her inarch, leaving him with the im pression that he liad scarcely fulfilled the expectations which had evoked her cordial greeting. Of course there was not the ghost of a shadow of a hope!— there never had been, nor ever would he, any. It only remained to call a hansom and drive back to St. James's place, where Otto von Kah- lenburg must by this time be impatiently awaiting the return, of a friendly emis sary. For Otto von Kahlcnburg was in London. It was, indeed, in some measure because he was in London that Jack Clough was now occupying the St. James's picd-a-terre, which was the symbol of sufficient means and occasional obligatory touch with the metropolis. His young friend had invoiced his aid, rather as a matter of light than as a favor, and lie had responded to the appeal not very unwillingly, it is true. On reach- ing his rooms lie found, as lie liad antici pated, Liiul Olio was already in possession, and the hitler, throwing the end of a cigar into the fire, started up, witli peremptory demands. "Well? You have been there? — you have seen tlicin? What did they say?" "I have been there and I have seen them," the older man composedly replied. "They didn't say much." "You told them that I was in England?" "No; I thought it better not to tell them that. If I had done so, they would liavo said more, 110 doubt; but they said enough — Mrs. Hamilton did, at least — to convince me that discretion was advisable. To speak plainly, my dear fellow, Mrs. Hamilton does not love you." "Do I ask Mrs. Hamilton to love mo?" "Probably not; yet I presume that you ask her, or will soon ask her, to receive you. And Uie fact is thai, as at present udvist-J, she will see you lianged first!" "She said that!" "Well, she gave me to understand as much." 1 "And Daphne?" ' i E.'i. "Oh, Miss Hamilton was apologetic in ad vance. -Whether she guessed that you were already in this country or not I can't say; but she evidently expected that you would put in an appearance before long, and she' was anxious that you should know, how much she regretted her mother's determina tion to slam the door of their house in your face." Von Kahlenhurg laughed good humoredly. "My dear Clough, you will never allow her to treat me in that way." "How the deuce am I to prevent lier? And if it conies to that, why the deuce should I?" "Why? — because you are my friend, of course. As for how— well, I think that if you and Daphne are on my side, means will be found. By the way, you must have con trived to see Daphne alone, or she could not have spoken to you as you said she did." 'Yes, I had a private interview with hsr, hut not as the result of any contrivance 011 my part. I happened, after leaving Palace Gate, to meet her on lier way home from her music lesson. She lias a violin master on the other side of the park whom she honors with a visit every afternoon just now, it seems." The young man rubbed his hands glee fully. "Aha! every afternoon? That is capi tal! Then I know whom she will meet to morrow afternoon." "Oil, naturally. But look here, Otto, 1 have a conscience, and although you are kind enough to call me your friend, I mn also Illrs. Hamilton's friend, you must re member. I ought not to lend myself to schemes which may end disastrously for her and her daughter. In a word, your uncle's authorisation becomes inrnarRUiL! Have you asked him for it?" To i "His authorisation? No; I baire nfifaslc cd him for it — how could I? ItlWoi/ld not be customary. In our eoun tryi vjiXareiq/ great deal more formal about su-dfettt.ers than you are, and to request myunjlBjis. consent to my marriage would be asNjjufctV as requesting him to place himself in coftbv munication with Mrs. Hamilton at once. Which would make her excusably angry, I am afraid." "There seems to he some round for fear ing that it might," observed Clough, drily. "At the same time, your subterfuge doesn't deceive me. If you have said nothing formal to your uncle, you have certainly said some thing informal, and your guilty look shows that he was not pleased." "I do not believe," answered Count von Kahlenburg's heir-presumptive, evasively, "that it would be possible to please liim with anything short of a princely alliance ; but he is a slave to beauty, and Daphne will win his heart easily enough when the time comes. 'Meanwhile, nobody wants you to lend yourself to disastrous schemes. All you have to do, my good friend, until you receive further instructions from me, is to do nothing at all." "Oil, that's all, is it? I like your 'further instructions!' Well, perhaps you had better see Miss Hamilton; you will evidently man age to see her, whether it is better for you to to do so or not. But take notice, please, that I x-eserve to myself complete future liberty of action." CHAPTER VIII.— DETERMINATION. It is a great blessing to be young, and an even greater blessing to know your own mind. Few people, to be sure, when in pos session of the former, realise the full im portance of the latter; yet there belongs to early life" an instinctive, unconscious con tempt for obstacles which goes a long way towards tihe achievement of results. "He who will be Pope," says the proverb, "let him lake it strongly into his head, and he shall be Pope." So Otto von Ka'hleriburg, luiving taken it strongly into his head that Daphne Hamilton and 110 other should be his wife, strode across the misty stretches of Hyde Park with a light-hearted determina tion which was in no wise dashed by the ascertained disapproval. of persons who un doubtedly had it iu their power to forbid txlic banns. His uncle? Oh, well, his uncle wight, and probably would, make a fuss; hut xvhut then? A childless widower, who litis but one near relative in the world, has given hostages to fortune, and cannot, unless he be abnormally unfeeling, show much fight when respectfully defied by that one relative. As for Mrs. Hamilton, her mys terious prejudice must be overcome — would assuredly he overcome from the moment that she should be called upon to ensure or destroy her daughter's happiness. What signified— what alone signified— was the question of whether lier daughter's happi ness was at stake or not. If Count Otto was confident upon that point, it may be pleaded for him 'that Daphne had, in those Bayreuth woods, given liim fair excuse for confidence; if lie was also intermittently diffident (as in truth he was), let him be credited with some measure of becoming modesty . He had 110 need to ask the way to Palace Gate; for, -foreigner though he was, "ne knew his L-onhon very wen jiulceu, and had hosts of friends (and many friendly -hosts) in a country which lie frequently visited in pur suit of sport. Only of course he could not tell for certain at what precise hour Mi.ss Hamilton might he expected to illuminate that aoinawhat dreary quarter of the town by her advent, and he had, in prudence, allowed Ih'im3elf u wide margin of time, thus exciting the visible curiosity of a loitering policeman, whom he passed and re passed, while patrolling an exit from Ken- riiiigfon Gardens upon which 'it was neces sary for him to keep an eye. The London police, unlike some of their foreign col leagues, are a simple, unsuspicious folk; so that Count Otto 'tan 'little risk of bciing mis taken for a dynamiter, with designs upon tho neighboring Albert memorial. The ex- pedtations of the gentleman in blue were doubtless verified when a lady, bearing a viiolin ease, became visible .through the fog and falling darkness, aud when the well- dressed satin terer sprang forward, hat an hand, to intercept her passage. Such en counters, it may be presumed, are not un- fi'equcn'tly witnessed by the gu'ardians of the law and order on that particular beat. Moreover, although -this did not happen to he an assignation, it had all the appearances of one; for the young lady exhibited no sign of emprise or pertuibation. "How do you do?" eh'e said Composedly. "I was wondering whether you were 'in Eng land or not. You have seen Captain Clough, perhaps?" "Of course I am 'in England, and of Course I have seen him," the young man answered. "Did he 'tell you that I was here, then?" . "No, lie didn't 'toll me that; if he had, I shouldn't have been wondering, should I? Bu't he seems to 'have told you that he met me near this spot yesterday. What else did -be tell you, if ft is allowable 'to ask?" "He told me," replied Otto, after a mo mentary hesitation, "that there would be very little use in my calling at your mother's house." "Ah, exactly! And that is why you have waylaid me?" "It is a good reason, surely! You cannot Wave supposed tlfa't I should submit tamely to be, refused sight of.you!" . Daphne Implied. "Tame or fierce," she remarked, "you will have to submit, I am afraid, to 'the consequences of an antipathy which I regret quite as much as you can. Bu't tlhex-e it is, you see, and it can't he helped. I begged Cap'taiiu Clough t.0 take an opportunity of explaining and apologis ing 'to you." No apology, she was assured, was requi site; but something in the nature of an ex- TAuyition would be very gratefully received. Jjf,'itpa?riqxot asking too much, might he im- iilorhvfier'to turn back into Kensington Gar dens, imtfipant him five or ten minutes of oppversaKjeni'i He bad travelled rather a lofifi/dista'rigp' In quest of that boon, he pa- the: k-.tllyriuidc/d. wM 1- -fc 1 fit/"' returned Daphne demurely, ;jwi(&3toti,-Kad travelled to this country in qfTBStroT'soniething la little more exciting. Your name, at all events, has been mention ed among other distinguished guests who arc expected to shoot Lord Dovednle's coverts towards the end of the month." So She had taken -the trouble to inform herself as 'to his engagements. That lvas ap encouraging circumstance, despite the some what discouraging tone which she was pleas ed to assume. Her silent compliance with his request 'that she should retrace her steps might likewise be taken as nn encourage ment to the 'avowal which broke forth from liim before they liad stepped many yards, side by side, along the deserted Broad Walk. . "I did not come to England to shoot pheasants— if Lord Dovedale and others have been so kind as to invite me, that is only because I gave thorn a hint, and because I liad made some excuse to' my uncle — I came simply and solely to see you, to tell you what you know already, that I worship you, and that I cannot live without you." . Miss Hamilton walked on, looking straight before lier and answering bathing. "I did not know that before," was her eventful remark. -- "Oil, I think you must have known. But even if you did not, you know now. Weil?" "Well — I am sorry. What more can I say? 1 'won't -pretend not to have known— . though iv e have never spoken about it, she and ! — 'why my mother hurried away from Marienbhtl. There seemed to be a chance that -this -might happen. If you will prom ise 1110 that it shall never happen again, per- haipe we may continue to be friends and there will be no objection to our meeting occasionally." "Promise you that it shall never happen again! But— for what do you -take me, then?" The speaker's accents of amazed con sternation may have been a trifle exaggerat ed; lie could not, and did not, imagine that Daphne seriously contemplated dismissing him in that curt, unfeeling fashion. Never- thclcsf he was chilled, and it scarcely com forted liim -to hear lier reply iviih much Iran- quilli-ty: "You see, it is less a question of what you are or of what .1 take you to he than of what is possible and what is impossible; and my mother — " "Oh, Miss Hamilton!— Daphne— can your mother make -it impossible for you to love me?" "She can make it impossible for me to marry you. Oil, I know what you arc go ing to say; she is so good to me, and she lias always spoilt nie so much that 1 might, if I chose, induce lier to consent to any thing. l't doesn't folloxv that 1 shall induce lier to consent to a tiling which she would hate." "That is as much as to say that you do not love me!" "Have 1 ever given you any excuse for supposing that I did?" She really had; and he might, at a trifl ing cost of self-respect, have emoted words of liers which had appeared to convey that impression. But perhaps, in the cir cumstances, it would be neither dignified nor worth while to upbraid lier. So he drew himself up to his full height, brought his heels together with a click, bowed stiffly from the waist, and said: "Mies Hamilton, I. see that I have made un unfortunate and ridiculous mistake. Pray, pardon me for having forced myself upon you, and let ine assure you that the in trusion will not he repeated. I shall leave England la-morrow." "Good-bye, then," returned Daphne ideas- antly. "Won't it he rather rude to disap point Lord Dovedule and your other friends, thouffii?" "So rude that I shall never dare to show my face in this eouutiy again, which is ex actly tlie result that I wish for." The girl raised her eyes to the face which was about to be withdrawn permanently from their range. In the depths of those l'are blue eyes eo'me merriment was dis cernible, together with some compunction, while perhaps upon their surface (hut it was impossible to swear to that in sueli an uncer- tain light) there was , just a, faint fore shadowing of team to come. _ "I don't think," said she deliberately "that I ought -to let you Eeliave so badly." "Nothing," returned Ott-o, still haughty and resentful, "is more easy than to prevent me, Miss Hamilton." Nothing is more easy than to act in ac cordance with one's inmost desires, and few, things are more difficult than to conceal those desires at a critical juncture. Daphne Hamilton, who was devoted to lier mother, and who, after all, did not know as much' about her wooer as she would have liked to' know, iby no means desired to he di-iven into a corner; hut cornered she was, and no body will he surprised to hear that she only extricated herself by wha-t, for all practical purposes, amounted to unconditional sur render. Certain conditions she imposed, it is tine; but tlie force and value of these may be measured by the fact that xvlien she and lier companion quitted Kensington Gar- dens (by which time it xvas quite dark), siio had promised that if it should not prove in lier power to become his wife 6lie would at least never he anybody else's wife. "Then there is no fear!" cried the exul tant Otto, at parting. "Your mother does not really dislike me; how could she?" "I'm sure I don't know," answered Daphne, -with a tremulous laugh. "No; it is not .me whom she dislikes, only Clough whom siie would prefer. You did not guess that? Yet it xvas evident enough. Well, vou absolutely decline Clough— who, for the" rest, is not a candidate, bless him!— and all is said. If there are any little diffi culties -they xvill vanish. They shall and they innst, now that I have xvon all I wanted to win!" So fine a thing is it to he young and to knoxv your own mind. (To be Continued.) 