OUR LONDON LETTER. (.From Our Own Correspondent.) j LONDON. Match 80. I Tho liewB from the Beat of nar con- tinue» taino and monotonous Actually, nothing exciting ni the foi ni of battles, sieges, captuies, or reliefs has been cabled for .over a fortnight. A Romowhut prolonged halt at the Pro» State capita I »as necessary, not only to collect supplies and transport for tho long march to Pretoria, but also to thoroughly restore the troops after the activo military operations of the previ- ous month Much also had to he done in (ho way of pieparing for peace Although there appears to bo a genera] disposition to surrender on the part of the Free Stalom, tho military authorities have had lo take precautions thal these "slim' Dutchmen do not merely visit their homes to ascertain that all was light there, nnd overtome tho fatigues of the campaign Hitherto, thcio hns been n vory paitial and illusory surrender o( amis The M misers aro said to be burned but much moro likely to bo buried, al- tin» method of concealment ia much fan ned by the Boors. But "Bobs" may be trusted to take all proper military pre cautions to piovont the re formation of i ominando» on Ina line of communication!, a» aoon aa ho is woll away from Bloemfon tom It will be ii monotonous march ol 171 miles over rolling plains to the Vna1 Rivor The low langea, which are occa Bionally met with, are often little morr than nama ground. The lovel arcas art troolesB, savo for scrub, rivcrless, un tilled, save for Nature's pasturage of luxu nunt waving grass, almost houseless aavo foi a few isolated kraals, and food loss, save for tho »parse cuttle und game I Yet marching w 11 bo by no moans diffi I i ult, and the defensible positions me fow I nnd not naturally foinndable. Any co I operation between the British armies in I Natal and tho freo ¡state will not ne easy as tho shortest distante from Ladysmith is lriO miles, with the Drakensberg langi intervening and bristling with diffuul ties and hayards of all kinds It is trui Gcncinl Buller has an alternative cir (tutouB route open to linn via Glen« oe Newcastle and Standet ton, but one who ItnB recently travelled ovor it onntiouslj remarks that the more ho thought ovei tho lngogo, Majuba, and Laing's Nek heights, the stronger grow the conviction Unit, should an anny of 10,000 lioeis fail to nrioBt thore nu invader of 30,000 men the teaching» of history would be vain Whether any Buch attempt is to bo made wo know not, hut it is Buggcstive that Su Cbailos Warron'B division has rejoined Geneial Buller, and that- boiiic re tout reinforcemontB from England have also been diverted to Dur- ban. It is cloai that the Trans vaalers do not yet realise their de- feat. The most grotesque stones are cir- culated to buoy up the ignorant buighert with fallacious hopes, auch, for instance as the latest, that 150 000 foreign tioopi were landed in South Africa to assist them while Oom Paui never loses « chance of appealing to their religioiu fanaticism. Under the influence of these stimulantB the Boers are preparing to odor a stubborn resistance at Kroonstad to Lord^lobcrts's advance Everyone wat hoping that General ïiouch's cavalry would have captuiol a stiong Boor col- umn which Generals Brabant, Gutacrc, and Clements have boen driving north wardB Ab tho fugitivos wqie bumpered with 16 gunB and hundreds of waggoiiB, they Boomed an caBy pi ey But they have oludcd capture, and, somehow, contrived to slip past the British force» at Thalia 'Nchu. The retreat muBt have been con ductod with wondorful skill, and equals, if it does not eclipse. General Yule's bril- liant retieat from Glencoe to Ladysmith. Genoral Olivier must have travelled 120 miles in six days, all the while undor the close obeeivation of a strong and active onomy The public anxiety is centred upon Mafeking The powers of endur- ance and resistance of the brave garrison ure as conspicuous as evor, but everyone is hoping that tho time of trial mid Buf- fering ia drawing to a close So much mystery has been observed that mun j suspect thnt Lord Roberts weeks ago sent a strong force by a circuitous route to relieve Mafeking, and afterwards act as tho extreme left of the British lino during a gonerul advance upon Pretoria President Ki tiger is verj impatient that Commandant Bnymun does not captuie tho town. Years ago, whon the Chevalier Bayard, without artillery, successfully defended the little town of Mezieres against 40,000 mon and 100 cannon, under llio command of the Count of Nassau, Mai} of Hungary scornfully asked how it waB that with a host of troops and guns the assailants failed to take a crazy pigeoii-houBo' "Because," replied the Count, "thore was an eagle in it." Per haps Siiyinuu answered the querulous in- quiries of Oom Paul m a similar saint. Foi the moment, the political situa- tion in the Free State is attracting more attention thnn the military position. The loyal colonists in South Africa aro natn taily a little irritntcd, as well as alarmed, at the lenient treatment exteuded to the Kopublicans and to the robéis Thoy con- tend, with some force, that armed lebel hou agaiUBt the Queen should be treated as a serious crime, and nottas a safe amusement, in which the chief disadvun tugOB fall upon the lojuliBts. It cer- tainly must be annojing in the extremo to find scoies of men known to have boon assisting in the siego of Kim bel ley now having the ef- frontery to boldly put in clnmiB for com- pensation for injin ios supposed tb have boen inflicted by their lato boBom friends, the Boors But it is very unlikely that tho linpeiinl authorities will be guilty of such excessive leniency as is droaded Speaking bioadly, it is, no doubt, politi« to avoid anything resembling vindictive punishment even for rebollion, for it is clear that tho two races-Dutch and eng- lish - must continue to live together tluoiighout South Africa upon equal toi ins Tho loyal South African colo insta have deserved well of the Empire, and thoir representations will certainlv recoivo sympathetic consideiatiou, bul it would bo fatal to thoir own best m toiosts to allow them to dictulo tho term' to he conceded to colonial rebels. Thej must trust this to moro disinterested judgoB, and, as in tho prosecution of the war, allow fair play to the wisdom and statesmanship of the Impel lal Goveru mont. A policy of preliminar) vengeait« i would bo fatal to any largo iinvisure of pacification What the ultimate tern» of sottloinent will be can only be at pço sont conjectured but it is moie than likely that the wishes of the Australian Premiers will bo so far recognised that a primary condition of peace will he the acceptance of "the absolute Bupromacy ol British rule in South Africa In other tcBpocts it will bo well to lemembcr that tho rebollion was directed against the Imperial Government, and was suppressed bj thom. They may bo ti usted to make then authority both visible and effective, though it will not bo ensy to satisfj cither on ardent loyalist party insisting upon extremo penalties, or an Afrikander party, equally extreme on the side of clemency. If all white men from Capo town to the Zambesi aro Becured equal puviloges, thcie will not be much room for grumbling on either Bide. Even the National Liberal. Federation admit ab much as that In the hour of their greatest need, death has lobbed the Boors of their doughtiest Gonoial. Goncral Joubort proved him- self a very sturdy antagonist, but all Englishmen foel sincoic reglet that he has succumbed to a sudden and severe Btoinuchic complaint. General Wblto de- scribed linn in his Capetown speech be "a Boldior and a gentleman, a brave and honourable opponent," and the eulogy is admitted to be just His military quali- ties were not to be despised, though ho undoubtedly failed to profit as he might havo done by his great initial successes Mans good judges consider that Lady- smith proved as great an "entaglement" for the Boers as for us. As a politician, "Slim Piet" was always outclassed by Oom Paul, whose more unscrupulous taa tica best suited the interests of the Pro- ton« oligarchy. Physically, he had all the attributes of a natural leader of men You are, of course, aware that Presi dent Kruger, in hiB recent peace over tuies, magnonimouly offered to accept lather larger concessions in the hour of his defeat than the British Government were willing to allow him before his ulti- matum had been despatched. This is suggestive of a passage in "Pjckwick," m wlnoh, speaking of the "military" in Rochester, Chatham, etc., the "immor tal, proceeds - "Nothing can exceed the i good humour It was but the day before my arrival that one of them had been most grossly insulted in the houso of a publican The barmaid had positively ionised to draw lum any more liquor, in return for which he hail (merely in play- fulness) drawn his bayonet, and wounded the girl in the shoulder And yet this line follow was the very first to go down to the houso next morning, and express his willingness to oveilook the matter, and forgot what had occurred " It now uppoars that the Bool s launched their ultimatum upon nn assurance from Dr Loy da that aftor tins act of provocation, tho groat PowerB would take steps to in- duce Great Britain to avoid war by ac- cepting aibitration Everyone expeots thnc Dr Loy tis will bo relieved of his diplomatic functions on the arrival in Durope of Piesidont Ringer s Peace Com- missioners Although the British Generals, from motives of policy, as well as natural chivalry, have treated Cronje almost as if be were another Napoleon, theie is no disposition to regard this bush-whacking treacherous guerilla chieftain as the equal of General Joubert. His followers are de- scribid m wild-eyed, savage, dnll- wittad, V"lr lill , ?.?BB--. I ,. mis-Bbapen men, but, whatever their per- sonal appearance, they performed a foal j of arms both at Mugersfontein and l'uar dobtrg which will live in history. The inoie one hears of the first- named contest, the more inexplicable does it appear that the British did not capture it Lord , Moth lion's champions, after inspecting the so-called Gibraltar-like impregnable defences, declare that all the atones of the fortification» were Boer lies, and lliut there was no reason why the position could not easily have been taken Lord I Methuen is said to hiivo admitted as much himself, after examining the battle- field It is, however, distinctly unsatis- factory to got no nearei a reason foi failuro than the statement that "it nus «imply sheer, downright bad luck " We huvo heard that excuse constantly. It u supposed to oxpluin tho reverse» suffered hy Generals White, Gatacrc, French, and Buller, but it conveys very little suits faction to a non-military mind. It li- very clear that after the war the veil must be torn îuthlosBly away fiom much that at pi osent mystifies the public. The Delagoa Bay Ballway Aihitrution has at last come to an end. The deci- sion of the Berne tribunal certainly deals anothor blow at the principle of intci na- tional arbitration. After 10 years rellec tion the Court certainly ought to have arrived at a fair and busine»s-like dcei sion, but few people who aro fiimiliai with the circumstances will admit thal justice has been done to the litigants The sum awaided is vastly holow expec- tations, l'our years ago the export of the Shibs tribunal valued tho concessions at ¿1,800,000, without allowing anything for property near Louronco Marques, valued at another ¿100,000 An award of £3,000,000 was expected, for the value ot the concessions has enoiuiously increased »mee the development of the Transvaal goldfields. Great Hil tam is chiefly in- terested in the political consequences which will result from so small an award Had .£3,000,000 been given, Portugal might have been willing to cede Delagoa Buy in return for British assistance, but oven that impoverished country may be ublo to raise the smaller sum without parting with territory It ceituinly is .xuBpeiating to reflect thut Britain, Home 20 years ago, could have acquired Delagoa Buy foi a paltiy ¿12,000. Germany «corns determined to join in the struggle for naval supremacy, and the reason har statesmen assign is because ot the growth of Imperialism in England If Germany ready intends to contest British maritime siiptemucy in tho com- ing century, the Kaiaei had liettei first ait down and calculate the cost. Every augmentation of the Geimun fleet will ceitainly be met by a moro than proper tionato expansion of the British fleet Count von Bulow dwells upon the necoB sity of Germany being placed m a posi- tion to resent "insult» from maritime Powers, and he makes the significant nd misBion that "pojiular passion," oven in I Gol many, "is coining molo und moro to the fore as au influential factor" in mtei I nutional rolutions. In diplomatic circles on the Continent there ib gi eat chuckling over what ib known as the "ltadolin incident " Prince Kadolin is the Gernuin AmbuBBudoi at St. Petersburg, and both personally and us representing the Kaiser, he holds him- self iii no small estimation. At the last Court ball the Grund Duke Vladimir of- fered to take a lady into supper, but she excused hoiself on tho ground that she was already engaged to a member of the Golman Embassy, whereupon tho Russian Prince, in a jovial, humorous inunner, re- marked, "What a nuisance thone German diplomatists ure." Nothing offensive was intended* and, in a sense, the remark was a neutly turned compliment, as implying thal the KuBsian Prince had been de- prived of a great pleasure by a Teutonic rival The joke waa repeated to Prince Iiudolin, possibly with 'embellishments, and he committed the absurd mistake of complaining to the Grand Duchess Muna Pawlownu, a Mecklenburg)! Princes», about bei husband's lepurtee She, how over, administered a very sharp rebuke. Baying that sho was no longer a German, but a Russian Princess The îrute diplo- matist euri led his gnevance to Count Mouravieff, who, not desiring a diplo- matic incident over such a triviality, ad vined the Ambassador to apologise to the Grand Duchess Prince Kadolin, recog- nising too late the ridiculous position in which ho »as placed, adopted this advice, but the Grand Duchess Vladimir de- clined to leccive the visit of the Ambas sudor, and has since absented herself from all festivities at which she would meet the offending courtier. People ure speculating how long Prince ltadolin will be installed at the German Embassy. A parallel has often been drawn be- tween Imperial Home and the British Empire Still, it is surmising to find a Latin poet early in the fifth century pen- ning lines in praise of Borne, in terms so curiously descriptive of the British na- tion and policy in our own times, as the following - " Wide as the ambient ocean is thy Bway, And broad thy Empiie as the realm» of day, Still on thy hounds the Bun's great march attends, With thee bia course begins, with thee it ends. Thy strong advance nor Afric'B burn- ing sand, Noi frozen horrors of the Polo with- stand, Thy valour, for as kindly Natuio's bound Is fixed for mab, ltB dauntless way has found. All nations own in thee their common land. And e'en the guilty bless thy conquer- ing hand, One right for weak, for strong, thy law create, And bind the wide world in a world- wide State. Tho Federation delegates are still awaiting the reply of the Colonial Office to the closely-reasoned memorandum they have submitted to Mr. Chamber- lain m support of their contention that it nould be both judicious and gonei oni- on the part of the Imperial Government and Parliament to ullow the Federation Dill to become law m the terms latified by the referonjlum to the electors of the five fedorating States Though they have not hud occasion to meet in constant consultation us they had last week, the delegates have been remarkably busy all this week. Under the pleasant disguise of acceptance of hospitality, tiley have, in roulity, beeti lobbying hard the whole time. This, it must be recognised, is not the least responsible of their duties In tin» way they aro brought into familial intei course with the most influential men in the political world, and are able to lemovo the thousand and one minconcep tions which exist respecting the bill, and ita effect upon Imperial interests. Mem- bers of the Cabinet, of both Houses of Parliament, the great legal luminaries, commercial, slnpp'ng, and banking mag- nates, journalists, etc., aro all approached under the most favoj^ble oppoitunities, and by far the grea'f^iart make favour- able response to the explanations which are freely tendered The delegates do not on every occasion all attend the same functions, but divido their forces, and thus cover a wider field Sir P. O. Fysh is bruvely facing late hours, gout, and in- digestion, inspired by a pot sis tent patriot- ism which ought to be recognised He and Lady Fysh on the 27th mat had the honour of a "command" to Windsor. It ib possible that the tactful Secretary ol State for the Colonies, who never loses an opportunity of enhancing the pleasure and reputation of distinguished states- men from Australasia, may have helped to br ng this about But bo that as it may, the Queen desired all the delegates and their wives to visit her at Windsor. Two of the ladies were unwell, bo that those who accepted the "command" wero Lady Fysh, Mrs. Kingston, Mrs. Barton, and Miss Dickson. All the delegates were present, and also Mr S. II, Parker, Q C , who represents the West Australian Gov- ernment. The Queen's guests were met at the station and driven to the Castle, and after being shown some of the richea and curiosities of the Imperial residence, they lunched with the Household in the Bed Dining-room. Subsequently Her Ma- jesty, accompanied by H B.H. the Prin- cess Henry of Battenberg, received them in the Green Drawing-room. The ladies were proaented by Mrs. Chamberlain, and were very graciously welcomed. Then the Secretary of State presented the delegates, Mr. Barton being the first to be honoured. Her Majesty expressed to him her grati- fication at the near approach of federa- tion, and her warm appreciation of the loyalty and gallantry of the toloniBts in connection with the war. With character- istic tact the Queen did not forget to re- mind both Mr. Deakin and Mr. Kingston that she remembered their former pre- sentation to her. The brief ceremony over, the delegates retired, and weie duven back to the station. It does not sound very eventful when described in prosaic terms like these, but such an in- cident is much more than a pleasant re- miniscence. It lives m the memory, and intensifies the spirit of loyalty to the Crown, and respectful admiration for the august but gracious lady who so frnec fully dispeiiBOB her regal hospitality. The delegates and their ladies are attending lunches, dinners, and receptions galore, the gentlemen, of course, "all in the way of biiBinesB," the ladies equally, of couibc, from a natural love of the world's frivoli tieB Canada has just given a fresh exhibi- tion of Imperial patriotism. In 1898 the Dominion decided: to give a preference of 25 per cent, to British Doods by a reduc- tion in the duty teviot! upon them. The result has been so satisfactory that the preference on British goods is to be in creased to 85 1-8 per cent. This is th» moro satisfactory as it Ib evident that the pol loy is quite as advantageous from a fiscal and commercial point of view as from a patriotic standpoint. From 1893 to 1897 British imports into Canada dropped from 43 millions to ¡¡9 millions, bat, un- der the preferential tariff they rose again to 37 millions in 1899, und a fuither m cre&so; is porceptiblo this j car. The ex ports of Canadian produce to Great Bri- tain show a corresponding inciense. As some Australian statesmen regard Can ada's experiment with favour, it is hoped that a s'miliu prcfcience in favoui of Great Britain may bo included m the coming federal tai iff. The socret of the Antarctic ought now to be wrested from it. Yot another expe- dition to exploie this region of mysterj Mr. W. S. Bruce, who ib orgnniBing it has already mado ono voyage to the Ant arctic. Rib idea, which ib favoured In Sir John Murray, and other men of mart l8 lo equip a Scottish National Antun tie Expedition to co-opeiatc in and coin pleto the work of surveying and exiilor nig the circle of aicessiblo lund and sea j around the South Polo. As jon know both a German and British expedition aro preparing for tho work of examining the regions south of the Indian and Pa cifio Oceans. There, however, remains ii great Bpace lying to Poloward of the South Atlantic Ocean that is not provided foi and is almost unexpircd. Indeed, it hu' scarcely been visited Binto Captain Wed dell a whaling skippei ofSiotili de scout, penetrated, in the com so of one of his South Sea voyages, far into what has hocome known as "Wcddell's Sea," und reached between 74 and 75(1 eg. S. L. on or about the 34th degree of W. Long. It ii this region that Mr Bruce pioposcB to investigate, if friends will provide the .l;3ri,000 necessary to equip the expedition The racing season lins begun, but no1 nuspiuouBly for Australian intcieBts Two Australian horses, both with good colo- nial credentials, were engaged in the Lin- colnshire Handicap, but neither Oban no1 Survivor justified expectations. So far Suivivor Las never won in England, and hab rather a reputation foi lack of cour age. He, however, ran a good second lo Newhaven II. in the Citj and Subuibm Handicap, and with Hst 51b. up it wai thought ho had un excellent chunco foi tho Lincolnshire Handicap. As tho hour for tho raco approached, his uopulaiitj with the public increased, and lie oventu ally stood at tho head of tho quotations at 1 to 1. Oban's price wnB 100 to 8 Sur vivor'B running pioved very disappoint- ing, and m no way warranted the hot sup- port ho received. Possibly this waa one of his sulky daj'B. At any rate, his back era voted him "a specious old humbug " Tor tho last quin ter of a mile theie wu* only one in it, and that was Mr. Bin nato's Sir Geofficy. Survivor finished sixth, and Oban eleventh. Tho starting gate was UBed nt this meeting, but did not I attract much comment. The Giund Na- tional Steeplechase was run this after- noon, and proved an interesting race, not tho leas so that the prise was earned ofl by the Prince of Walos's Ambush II (list 5Ilj.) The horso ran seventh last vein, und on this occasion earned 151b. more It was thought Hidden Mystery would have boen the victor, as it seemed mipos Bible that Mr. Bultecl's Manifesto should bo victorious for the third time, cBpeciullj when carl ymg 12at. 131b. Madame Melba will open the Covcnt Garden opera seaton. She contemplates o London season with »oino regrot, owing to the almost universal sadness croatcd by the war. "All my fiiondB," Bhe Bays, "aro in mourning, or (heading to be. Sho is again thinking of an early visit to Australia, but it is not easy to make it fit m with her engagements. Mr. Lern prière Pringle is again engaged at Covent Garden. Thirty years ago, when amusement wub haider to find than at present, "Pepper'« Ghost" was one of the sensationB of the hour, and its popular inventor wus con- sidered a very remarkable man. He worked the mirror dodge bo adioltly that for a long while audiences could not fa- thom tho mystery of the ghost Twentj j ears ago the Piofessor visited Austiali« as "a rain-maker." ne believed ho could cause rain to fall by means of aonal ex Ídosions, but he did not serve tho Queens and farmers successfully. Ho wob a popu- lar lecturer in elementary acienco. He died this week. Tho success of the romantic play is waning. "Rupert of Hentzan" has run its course, ana "Don Juan's Last Wager" is on its last legs. Mr. Alexander has thiE week pioduced at the St. James's Mr Walter Frith'» play "The Man of Foi ty, a molodiama, with a touch of modern comedy in it. It is artificial, theatrical, and not by any means original, but it is distiuctlj literary, and especially well acted. Mr. Alexander sustains the part of tho sentimental and amorous quadra- genarian. In substance, the creation is the eanie character that we are all fann liar with in "The Princess and the But- terfly" and "The Ambassadors." In these days "the age of love" is very different from the times when Moliere wrote, but Mr. Alexander seems likely to make lov¿ prettily to any age. Miss Fay Davis has a part which suit« her, and Mrs. MaeBmore Morris, a clever Auati alian actress, makes the moat of the preposterous nitorviewor for a "fashionable" newspaper. 