TRA-VELiLn^u.. GHOSTS THAT WALK IN LONDON. When a ghost onco appears in any house, district, or town, the fact is im mediately embalmed in print, the in habitants henceforth proclaiming to tbo world that their district is haunted. Such is tbe case with Hampton Court, Bucking ham Palaco, and Sfarlhoroush House ghosts. Although they are described iu detail in guide books, you will never see one, or even meot any person who has. But tho Big Ben spectre has been seen by no less than fourteen people, and that quite recently. It appears in tho shape of a shadowy, doformed old man, bending ovor a pair of motionless oars, as, seated in a worm eaten skiff, it sweep' cut from the Surrey side of tho Thames, just likd Westminster Bridge, glides without making a ripple over the inky Thames wafer, through the third arcb of the bridge, and then dis appears into the stone wall of tho Houso of Commons terrace as Big Ben groans the first note of midnight. Every time it has appeared Big Ben has chimed thirteen, the last stroke sounding like a long echo of the preyioiis ono. Every time it has appeared ono of our Boyal Family has died on the following day — namely, tho Prince Consort on December 14th, 1S51; Princess Alice December 14th, 1878; and the Duko of Clarence on January 14th, 1892. So that each of its three appearances Jias been made on the thirteenth of the month, and on each occasion Big Bon has struck that unlucky number. When it appeared on January 13th it was hailed by a river police boat, which happened to be passing at tho moment. As no answer waa given, tho police gave chase, and in tho darkness on the liver and the heat -'f pursuit nearly wrecked themselves by dashing into the stone wall of the Commons' tcrraeo. Tho affair was witnessed by a constable on duty on the terrace, and reported by him at Scotland Yard the following day; but there the matttor stopped, as no light could be thrown on the affair. .' Of quite a different nature is the South ' Belgravia ghost; in fact, he might TJb called the guardian taint of married men who have been detained at. their offices later than usual. The streets of this district of London are very confusing, even in the glare of noonday. At night the ' most experienced etploret might bepardonod foe losing his The reason is, according to the gentle men living in that part, that every eve nink between 11.30. and ono o'clock a ghostly artist, dressed in a eof t felt hat and the approved artist's suit, collar, and tie, goes from street to street with a pot of paint, ladder, and huge brush changing the street names one with another. This ghost first began his nightly wan daring in December 188J. An artist bad been over to Chelsea spending a jolly timo with some friends. He did not enter bis wife's room until three o'clock, and whon she demanded an explanation, averred that he hod been wandering about the streets since eleven, having lost his way. No ssne woman could accept such an excuse, and the lady roso, dressed herself and, snatching np their baby boy, swept from the room never to return. Her hus band waited three days foi her, dad when his lady called him on the fourth, s'oe found him dead. He had taken poison More romantic is the ghost of Chiswick. This is the ghost of Barbara Villiers, Duchess of Cleveland, one' of the most famous beauties oE the court of King Charles II., who is said to haunt that fiaa old red-brick mansion on Chiswick Mall known as Walpole Houso. On flue moon light nights, at uncertain intervals, the picturesque wraith of the Duchess ap pears as she is represented in her portrait painted by the great Sir Peter Lely, but with haggard face aud dull, dim eyes, wringiDg her hauds, and exclaiming piteously to some invisible persecutor, 1 Give me back my lost beauty ?' It ap. pears that this lady died at Walpole House in 1790, the sixty-ninth, year of her age, of a dropsy that greatly disfigured her. Another distinguished ghost which in habits this quarter of London may bo seen iu the old gateway on Eichmond Green, which is all that remains of tho once magnificent palaca of Eichmond. This ia tho uneasy grief-stricken ;epirit of Queen Elizabeth, who died at three o'clock on the morning of March 2ith, 1603, in another part of tbe building. It was in the tunet chamber of this ancient gateway that Elizabetli board tho con fession of the dying Countess of Notting ham, who, on her deathbed, revealed her treachery in keeping- back the ring which the Earl of Essex, under sentence of death, had entrnsted to her to deliver to his Queen. The anger and remorse of the Virgin Queen whon she heard how she had allswed her best beloved courtier to go to his death uupardoned caused her to rush forward and to shake the dying woman in a frenzy of passion crying, 'May God forgive you, for I cannot !' Of course the Tower of London has its ghosts, but during the course of this cen tury these have become very shy, refusing ta show themselves. Possibly this may be attributed to the sixpence admission charged on certain occasions. It is hardly to ba expected that the self-respecting wraith of any historical personage wiU expose itself to the gaze of a Bank Holi day public. Perhaps this is just as well, for the last appearauco of a ghost in the Tower, which took place in January, 1816, resulted in the death of a sentry from a fit produced by pure fright. In this case the ghost took the form of a dark shadow in the shape of a bear, but it was known that the sentry had previously been alarmed by reports of the appearance of the ghost of Sir Walter Raleigh in tho vicinity of his station. The most terrible of London ghosts, however, is that which has brought No. — , Berkeley Square, into eminence amongst haunted houses. This particular house stands on the west side ot the square, and is in no wise to be distinguished from its unornamental brick neighbours. Until recent years if was occupied only by care takers, and for a long period wore the desolate and lugubrious appearance gene rally attributed to ghost-ridden residences. How the bouse acquired its unonviable repute it is hard to say, but it was suffi ciently notorious at one time to form the subject of a long discussion in the columns of a well-known antiquarian magazine. This particular horror of the Berkeley Square ghost lay in the fact that its pre cise nature was never determined. It was a grisly ' something/ so terrible that those who beheld it never survived to tell tho tale of its horror, for they were found dead with every appearance of having died of sheer fright, it made its appearance in a bedroom on the second floor one night, and the servant who had a glimpse of it was found dying on the floor in convulsions. A family oace living in the house, too, were postered by uncanny noises, most of them proceeding iroin this particular room. The fiance of one of the daughters of the house, an unbeliever in ghosts, determined to sleep in the room and to discover the cause of the disturbing noises. He arranged that if ho rang the bell onco during the night, no one wj,s to come to his aid, as he might merely be disturbed by some waking illusion. If, however, he raner the bell twice, his signal was to be immediately answered. In tbe dead of nignt the bell was heard to give forth a light note. No one stirred. Tbe first ring was followed in a few seconds by a furious peal, and the alarmed household at once rushed to tbe room, where they found tho poor fellow lying dead upon the floor. It seems only in keeping that Saint Paul's Cathedral should have a ghost, but tho fact that it appears dressed as a nun shows that its' education has been sadly neglected. Tho cathedral was built long after all nunneries had been abolished. But every morning at two o'clock a black form sweeps six times round tho Whispor ing Gallery, aud then, with a ghastly shriek, springs tlirough tfce railings into tbe air. As any spectator waits to hear tlie smaBliing of bones upon tho stones bolow, it vanishes. The superstitioa con nected with it is, that thould anyone bolow try to save its fall by standing ready to catch it, he or she will die within the month. 