St. latthews' Broadlorad. St. Matthews' Church was crowded to its utmost capacity on Tuesday erening last when the Lord Bishop of Melbourne administered the rite of confirmation to 22 candidates: 13 candidates were presented front Broad. ford, six from Reedy Creek, and three from Tallarook. There were eight males including three adu'ts, and 14 females, who also included several adults in their number. After the Rev. H. E. Mallet had read the introductory to the confirma tion Bishop Goe stepped forward to the centre of the chancel and an nounced the words on which he in tended to speak, which were found in Psalm XXII and 8th verse, '" When Thou saidst, seek ye Myface, my heart said unto Thee, Thy face, Lord, will I seek." This was not the language of the lip or the mouth, but of the heart, and he would like to impress upon the candidates for confirmation that God wished them to speak from the heart. When the Bishop asked them the question of the service he wished them to reply with the " I do " and " I will" of the heart. There were many ways in which we could seek the Lord's face, one time was when they sat down for their daily meal. They could thank God for his bounty in supplying their physical wants. He was sorry to say that grace before meals was not so prevalent now as one time. They all should, before they partook of God's bountiful gifts, thank Him for His goodness in sending them to as. He trusted that all who were confirmed would remember this duty and privi. lege that God had claims upon them. At the taptismal altar their god-fathers and god-mothers had stood for them. but now they had come to the years of discretion and were about to take upon themselves, for themselves, the con firmation vow. God asked them each to seek his face, not with the lip and mouth only, but with the heart. You are not to take the vow simply because the Bishop has come to lay his hands upon you, or because your friends are here. This is no formal service. If it is to be right and pleasing in God's sight then it must be entered into in all sincerity, for IIe with whom we have to do searcheth the heart. The Lord was not pleased or satisfied with outward show, but Hle regardeth the heart of man. Man may be satisfied with outward show and appearance, but God was not, HIe required emn cerity and truth. Samuel was told to go to Bethlehem and see Jesse in order that he might select and annoint a king over Israel in the room of Saul who had rebelled. The sons of Jesse were to pass before Famiuel, and the first and eldest passed before the prophet, and Samuel thought surely this must be the future king. Ie was delighted with his appearance and physique, but Go] said he is not the man and rejected him, and the one whom men thought little of became the mighty King David. the ehoeen of God. Often that which is highly esteemed among men is foolishness ?,rra Cod, Is your heart right with God is the question. ?-... s.. a. confirmation service, now when the church speaks, now when the Bishop, your clergyman, and friends are here, surrender you heart to Him who is worthy of your best love and adoration. Now is the accepted, now is the day of salvation. With these thoughts he would have them enter into the confir mation vow, and may God give them grace to answer from the heart clearly and distinct the questions he would put. The candidates then answered the various questions, and afterwards in pairs knelt before the Bishop who laid his hands upon their heads and in voked the Divine blessing upon their lives. Bishop Goe then reminded those confirmed of their renewed vow, and urged them to be faithful. The laying on of hands was instituted by the apostles, and those on whom they la:d their hands received the Holy Ghost, and he trusted such would be the result of that evening's service. With out the Holy Ghost they could not be useful or made a blessing, but with that great gift they would be eminently useful. One important duty he would remind them of was keeping the Sabbath. This was God's good gift to man, and everything on that sacred day should be conducive to the satisfy ing of the spiritual necessities of man kind. The doors of God's house were open and everything was in favor of the highest spiritual enjoyment. A committe of gentlemen at home were called upopen to give their decision on O t,?o ....- .,,, &se; annoath, and they gave their award to the daughter of a laboring man, and this young lady called the Sabbath the "Pearl of Days." What a beautiful and true title. They may be tempted by others to neglect God's claims, sy enticement to go pleasure seeking instead of at tending church or Sunday school. Some will perhaps laugh at them, but he would tell them to heed not those who would draw them away, but to be faithful. He knew they loved to sing so it was not so necessary to ask them to use these powers which God had blessed them with. Hie would advise them to keep a memo book and put down anything which struck them in a sermon or address, and if they did this regularly they would soon have a good collection of striking sayings and good words. Through the confirmation vow, the gate of the communion was open to them, and he hoped they would earnestly and consistently attend to this sacred duty. The Biashop then widened his remarks to the general congregation, and expressed his pleasure at seeing the large congrega tion. Perhaps the service that evening had taken many of them back to the time when they were confirmed. Had any neglected their vow I Had any failed to live up to what they promisedi If there were such he trusted they would return and give to God their thole heart and service. The Bishop addressed the candi. dates twice; once before the renewal of the baptismal vow, and again after the laying on of hands. Notice was given of Holy (jOm munion next Sunday at 8 a.m., wheni it is hoped that all who were conlirmed will attend in a body. There will aiso be the monthly mid day celebration at the 11 a.m. service. The Bishop and Mrs. Goe were guests at the Vicarage for the night, and on Wednesday morning resumed their tour in the North-East. Mre. Baythorpe ably presided at the organ, and members of the vestry were very attentile in matters pertaining to the service, and comfort of the large assemblage. 