BEHIND A VEIL BY MRS g. N. WILLIAMSON. Author of "His Grace," "The Secret of the Pearls,""The House by the Loch," "Queen Sweetheart," "A Man from the Dark," "Fortune's Sport," "The News paper Girl," Etc. CHAPTER VIII.--W EN THE CAN DLE W'ENT OUT. Mary Desmond's hesitation wasnotborn of fear lest she should commit a deadly sin in leaving the convent. She had been induced to enter it by a falsehood. She was a novice, and had a right to go at the end of the time for which she had made her vows. But that right had been de nied, and it had been intimated that she would be kept, if necessary by force. Therefore, it seemed to Mary that it would be no unpardonable sin to go, if the chance came, before the time had expired, since she could not expect that Provl dence would send more than one such chance before the day when she must take her final vows. Remembering the cold light of immut able resolve In the Mother's eyes, Mary felt that somehow, protest as she might, if she stayed now, she would end by talck ing these Vows. She might appeal, but she felt certain now that her appeal would be in vain. As she had been told, she would only bruise body and soul against a wall of stone. To'attempt escape without help from outside would be absolutely hopeless. It might be that George Tristram's strength could break out the bars from her window, but her little hands could not do it alone; thus, even self-destruction by drowning in the lake, if life became unbearable, was for bidden her. She could not climb the high wall that shut in the prim convent gar den, and the portress was never absent from the great locked gates. All this Mary told hersel', and yet-and yet-to take such a step as George Tristram pro posed she should take this very night seemed almost befind her power. Months of privation and hopelessness had weakened her body and broken her nerve. She thought of the precipice un der her window down to the lake, which George Tristram asked her to-descend on a rope ladder, and she shuddered in sheer physical terror. She thought of the scene in the convent when her absence should be discovered, of the second scan dal in her life, which appeared the more terrible because of the accusations that had been flung at her like flaming brands that last night at Falconberg. Each one had left a scar, which throbbed and burnt still in the dark hours when she lay awake. This thing which she was asked to do was far more daring, far more cap able of hideous misconstruction, than the thing she had done before--the thing which had cost her liberty. WVas it worth while to rack her nerves by running such a tremendous risk, when she had only-to live on and endure for a few more years, before she found peace of mind, as each member of this Sisterhood had seemed to find it? In the envelope which had held George Tristram's letter he had placed a small pencil and a blank sheet of paper.. "I thank you with all my heart and ,soul for what you have done," she began to write, and the thought which she meant to end was, "Yet I dare not do what you propose." But the very words as she wrote them, the memory of all that he -had done-and for her-cried out against her decision as cowardice, ingratitude. He had risked so much for her, and she was making of it all a failure. For a moment her pencil wavered over "the paper, then it travelled quickly. "And if you will help me-I will-do mg best-to be brave," she finished. Then, folding the paper up, she weighted it with the Spencil, tying both together on the end of the string. She could picture all that was happen ing, after she had let it down. Twenty feet below her window he was standing -on a narrow ledge of rock, where present ly, it might be, she too would be stand ing, though now that seemed incredible. He had received her ans'er, he was un tying the paper, he had lighted a wax. match, perhaps, to read what she had written. Now he had thrust the letter into his pocket, and was tying the heavy rope ladder to the thin cord she had sent .down. None of these things could she see, for the bars across her window were set so close that she could not put out her head to look at what lay immediately be low, but her imagination gave her each detail, and suddenly she bowed her face between her hands, as if to hide even from herself the wave of color that swept over it with a thought. How could she ever have hesitated and been afraid when,whatever came of this night's work, she would be with him? Soon, in a few minutes more, she would see his face. He would not tell her now that he loved her, but one day he would tell her, and ask her to be his wife. She would be happy, after all this misery which she had believed would drag on till death. And when they were together in dear England the past would seem only like a nightmare from which she had awakened. Ie had finished his preparations; for again she felt the tell-tale Jerk of the string. She wound it up hurriedly, and there, at last, was the end, twisted and knotted round one of the big iron hooks of the rope ladder. Mary had regr tted yesterday that she did not sleep on Sister Annal Theresa's floor, so that she might have the same outlook, but now she was thankful above all things to be on the lower story of the wing. Had there been a window of an occupied cell below hers, no one could have come up or gone down without be ing heard. She tried the bars, lest there should be danger of their giving way when exposed to the strain of Tristram's weight as he came up the ladder, but all were appar ently firm-too firm, perhaps, for success later, Mary feared-and then she pro ceeded to secure the hooks, suspending the ladder from the two bars furthest apart. Her candle, guttering and smoking in its tin stick on the stone floor was still alight, and before she could have believed it possible, two hands appeared on the bars which held the hooks, then George Tristram's face looked in at her, with only the grating for a barrier. At~ight of him, so near, so strong to save. self-control broke down, and, hold. ing out her hands, which he caught, and impetuously carried to his lips. she burst into a storm of tears. It took all his strength,all'his determin ation, to keep back the words of passion ate love that rushed to his lips, but hedid keep them'back, and even a friend may kiss the hands of a woman who has suf fered much, and .whom he has come to save. Even by the wavering candle-light his yearning eyes could see how thin she was, how ghastly pale the little white face set in its frame of dusky hair, and as for a moment he held fast the hands he had kissed, tears rose and stung his eyelids. "Poor child! Poor child!" he stammer ed, when his words would have caressed her, if 1ie had Iet them come at will. "How' you must have suffered in this horrible place." "They told me youi were dead: that it 'was through my fault. And so it seemed that nothing else could matter," sobbed the girl, not thinking how mnuch meaning might be read into that confession. " can never tell you what I felt when I saw you in the boat yesterday,and knew that i they had lied." "Then it is through me that you are here!" he exclaimed, his heart :la his 473 eyes, and the low earnest tone of his voice. "All the more reason that I should take you away. .,And, Heaven helping me, I will dothat before many minutes have passed over our'heads. .I must leave two of the bars for the lad der, but the other three can. be spired, and when I have got rid of them I will help yyou through the window. The space would not be wide enough to let my shoulders through, but it will let your slim little body pass, and all the rest is easy." He spoke cheerily, and Mary felt her spirits rise. : She had infinite trust in :him, and she was no longer abjectly afraid of the dark chasm down below. In silence she looked on while Tristram opened his knife and began with a large, keen blade to dig out the mortar that held the first bar in place. In the hol lowed palm of his left hand he caught the pieces of cement as they lo'osened, to prevent the rattling noise they would make if they fell scattering on the rocks beneath. When his palm was ready to overflow, he passed its contents bet tweeii the bars to Mary, who laid the rough, broken bits of mortar on the bed. "This is an easier job even than I thought," Tristram whispered. "The work is very old, and as the window is small and high, overhanging a difficult bit to climb, it was probably not thought necessary to fasten the bars as if to re sist the attack of an enemy. Look, the first one is almost out already." Mary looked, and rejoiced with a . fearful joy . as he shook the rusty iron rod in its place. Both were absolutely absorbed in the work of the moment, and neither heard the faint sound of a clicking latch,- as the door was cautiously pushed open, at first only an inch or two, then a- little further. "There-it's out!' Sister Anna Theresa could understand many of the simpler English words, and these were the first that reached her ears, as she peeped into Sister Marie - Mag dalene's cell. Upstairs, lying awake when she might have slept, thinking over the events of y'esterday and to-day, she had fancied that she heard something unusual. There were rats in the old convent, regiments of rats, but their depredations were most ly confined to that part of the building nearest the kitchen and refectory. Some times, however, they came further afield, and scratched and sharpened their long teeth on the rough stones inside the an cient walls of the novices' dormitory wing. Sister Anna Theresa had keen ears that matched her quick suspicions, and when she had listened, holding her breath for a moment, she had decided that these strange night noises were not due to rats. She rose, and standing up on her bed. as she always had to do, if she would see more than a patch of sky in the out side world, she looked from the window. Nothing was to be seen unless-was there not a faint luminousness, like a bright cloud, floating below? It looked very 'much as if Sister Marie Magdalene (whose cell window was directly under hers) had her candle lighted at a for bidden hour. 'And there was a sound again. . The elder ..novice drew. back and stepped to 'the ground. She wondered .very much what was going on down there. . In a place where there was so little excitement, it was insufferable fliat anything should. be happening, and she miss knowing what it was. Besides, this was her affair. She had provided the sensation for Sister Marie Magdalene, and it was right that she should at least share it. Sister Anna Theresa had seen the red letters on the canvas displayed under the windows early that morning, for every spare moment of her time since the day before had been spent with her face at the bars, her jealous, curious eyes on the lake. Sister Marie Magdalene had not confided in her. If the younger girl had done this, the elder might have ended by pardoning her for having a lover. As it was. sullen malice had been growing, weed-like, .In Sfater- Ann?-Thereda:?s-eart all-day? "She's moving in her cell,"' said _the no vice,.as she began hastily putting on her day garments. "I'll go down and say I heard her all the way upstairs, and warn her to be quiet. Then I'll make her tell me everything." She did not light the candle, but found her things in the dark, lit only by the purple, star-jewelled, cloud-swept square set high in the cell wall. The professed nuns of the Order wore their feet bare, the novices had coarse sandals, and, slipping into these, Sister Anna Theresa patted softly out into the corridor. She groped her way along, with her hand on the cold stone of the wall, so to the stair way; and Sister IMarie Magdalene's door finally revealed itself by the thin, glit tering rim of light, like a gilt-edge on the page of a book. All was silent on the otlher side as she bent to listen; or, no, there was a curio.us inexplicable noise, very slight, yet con centrated into distinctness in the vast silence of the sleeping convent. It was as if the inmate of the cell were rubbing a piece of metal against stone. Unable to bear suspense longer, the woman crouching in the darkness softly turned the handle of the door. Inch by inch she stealthily opened it, until she heard -not the voice of a woman in hysterical babblings, as she had fancied, but a man's tones-excited, triumphant, and saw that which well-nigh forced a cry of incredulous amazement from her lips. A man's face looked in at the high window, and a man's strong hands had torn out the first bar of the cage. Al ready, as the watcher at the door stared from darkness into light, he was begin ning the task of dislodging the next. He worked with furious haste, as if for life or death, and, at this rate, only a few moments more and the second bar would yield. A third gone, and-Sister Anna Theresa thought she knew what might happen then. A wave of jealous rage swept over her. She cloaked the emotion, to her own eyes, in the guise of righteous indigna tion: but deep in her heart she knew that she hated the girl whose lover fought for her against the world, against the mighty power of the Church. There was no time to be lost, if this awful act of sacrilege were to be pre vented; and, without stopping to think, or to give herself a chance of relenting, Sister Anna Theresa let her passion whirl her away with its flooding tide, ll : a flimsy boat torn from its moorings in the grip of a storm. With noiseless,sandalled feet, she ran along the stone-flagged passage, down the stairs, and through corridor after corridor, till she paused breathless, with knuckles knocking an alarm on the door of the MIother Superior's cell. Sharp and quick rained the taps on the panel, like the rasping blows of a tree branch, driven by the night wind against a pane of glass. In the cell on the other side there was a hasty stirring. The third bar was out. As Tristram gave the final jerk that dislodged it from the centuries- old niche among the stones, the church clock tolled the four quarters, and then, after a pause as if for breath, boomed one heavy stroke for the first hour after midnight. At the same moment the candle-end, which had been stifling in its own grease, dropped its flaming head, and was extinguished. Mary uttered a faint exclamation. "That doesn't matter now," Tristram consoled her. "It's begun raining a little, but there's a star here and there, and the moon's come up behind the clouds. Once you're outside, we shall have enough light. Stand on tip-toe, and I'll help you up, with my hands on your. waist. Don't be frightened. I 'won't let you fall." But the wind had risen, and was blow ing Mary's hair across her eyes. Every nerve in her body was throbbifr,. She had begun to be horribly frighlened again, now that the moment was come. "Oh, wait-wait just one minute!" she implored, her. little ' teeth: clicking to gether with the miervous trembling that shook her frame. "I can't see. Mr hair w:li b!hlw all over my face and yours too, Swhile you help me down that dreadful \ ladder. W-ait: till I get my veil, and I'.l wrap it over my head like a hood. I i know where It is-on. the hook by the door.- I can' find it -in the dark."-. ." Flim; strong .hands had -already clasped her waist to lift her up, but with San impulsive movement she' sprang , away,- and Tristram heard the light touch of her feet as she jumped from the r bed to the stone floor. ' Then came a faint rustling, a- stifled exclamation. He listened for her return in impatience, for he was desperately r eager to be away, to have her out of prison, and feel that the goal of her free dom was within reach. "Have you found the veil?" .he whis 1 pered. . She did not answer. The rustling had ceased, and there was deep silence in the cell. It seemed to Tristram's excited t imagination that the stillness' held a different quality. It beat against his i ears, like the soundless murmur of the s see- in a shell. "Are you ready?" he asked again. a sharp note of anxiety keyed into his I voice. SStill no reply.. A horrible fear grip ped Tristram by the throat. Had she r been taken suddenly ill and fainted? Had the strain of excitement "been too much for her heart, weakened by t months of grim austerities? t When he had heard the slight exclam \- ation, hardly more than a whisper,. w' 'ch had passed her lips while grop ing in the dark for her veil, he had guessed it to mean the irritation of nerves stretched well-nigh to breaking; point, but perhaps it had meant more than that. Perhaps it had been a gasp of expiring consciousness as-she sank in a swoon. At-the thought his blood leaped to his head and_'pounded' at the temples. - "For God's sake, speak to me!" he en treated. No response; and his vague; gliawing fear bit deep with the fierce fang of certainty. All hope that she might have been listening for some fancied sound outside the door, refusing to satisfy him till it had died away, was gone; for'he knew that she would not-willingly have left his last appeal unanswered, even if she had but replied . by a whisperedi "Hush!" Some horrible thing had happened there, within a few feet of him, while a pall of darkness- shut - down between. "What if the shock has killed her? What if she be dead?" a voice seemed to hiss in his ear; but he would not listen. He shook off the doleful pres ence as if it had been some coiling rep tile, striving to force his broad shoul ders through the aperture of the win dow. He might as well have tried to push his way into a rat-hole; but he gritted his teeth - together, and would not give up. Tristram did not doubt now that lMary had fallen, and was lying unconscious, deaf to his words, lost to him and to the world, If his heart proved faint. Yet there was but one way to reach her, and that was by tearing out a fourth bar, to add to the three that the girl had taken from his hands and laid noiselessly down on her bed. Only two bars were left of the five that had caged the window, and each one supported an iron hook of the rope ladder on which he stood hanging over the precipice. The bars were set in vertically, and we:re not long enough to be laid horizontally across inside the window, or all might safely have been removed. For him self, this did not matter. If the ladder were suspended from one hook only, he could cling on, and he could get down again-alone-but not with Mfary. Still, there was nothing else for it. The fourth bar would have to go, since he must find entrance, to the cell; and when Mary had been revived, he might persuade her to let him lower her, tied to the rope, from the window to the narrow ledge twenty feet below. After wards, it.would be simple enough for him to follow. Buoying himself with this last hope. he tore out the fourth bar with such desperate haste that he cut the skin of his fingers, feeling nothing, wondering .why-h]is-lhandsw.i'rwet. - At .last he could fling the iron rod through the window, and guess that it fell on the bed where lMary had been standing, because its fall made no noise. Another moment, and he had pulled himself after, dropping down on the rustling straw mattress. Still not a sound in the cell. It might have been a vault, instead of a room in a house inhabited by many human beings. \- He had tried lighting a match to look through the window and break the pall of darkness, but so had the tiny flame flickered in the wind before it died that he could see nothing in the cell. The floor where he pictured MIary lying was deeply carpeted with shadow that only seemed to thicken under the travelling spark of his vesta. Once inside, however, the wind's breath could not reach a match held in the hollow of his hand. Tristram's heart was knocking against his side like strokes of a hammer, as once again he drew out his matchbox. There was tragedy in the deathly silence. He feared what he niight have to see, yet there was no time for hesitation. He drew another wax vesta across the roughened metal base of the box, and a flame leaped up. For a second or two he saw only it, like a yellow star on a background of darkness ; then the walls of stone seemed to spring from the dusk, straight at his eyes. There was a shrine; a nail, from which the white folds of a veil draped, glimmering white as a ghost floating in the gloom. There was the black outline of the poor nar row bed underi the window; there was the bare greyness of uncovered floor. No prostrate figure lay stretched along the stones. He was alone in the cell. (To be continued.) The farewell banquet given last night to Lord Hopetoun is a final and emphatic expression of the universal confidence with which his countrymen regard his assumption of the druties of first Gover nor-General of the Commonwealth of Australia. It is a post of unsurpassed dignity and responsibility, and one calling for the exercise of high . qualities of statesmanship. That there is nowhere the whisper of a doubt concernig the ability of Lord Hopetoun to discharge the duties of such a position is a striking tes timony to the favorable esthimate of his powers formed alike by the public at home and by the people of the new Com monwealth. It will doubtless be to him a great advantage that he has already become intimately known to a large por tion of the Australian people, and has had the opportunity to understand and appreciate the colonial point of view. It is not less an advantage to the Common wealth that its first Governor-General is a man with actual colonial experience, whose tact, urbanity, and judgment are matter of knowledge and not of specula tion. Though Lord Hiopotoun modestly described himself on MIonday night as a man going out to stand by while the care fully constructed machinery of the new ship of State is started by its builders, everyone will understand that he can be no mere spectator. Within constitutional lines, which we may be sure he will scru pulously respect, he will be in a position to bring a very real guiding.influence to bear upon the working of the new Con stitution. He is the representative of that Crown which forms the connecting link between the different iortions of the Empire, and it will be his part to emulate the prudent but unsleeping vigilance by which his Royal mistress has won the hearts of her subjects all over the globe. He will carry with him the heartiest good wishes of the people of this country, and he can confidently count upon the hearty welcome and cordial co-operation of our Australian brethren. To adopt 'the imagery of Kipling's poem, he will be equally in the confidence of the young Queen and of the old, of the Comdinon wealth which has just acquired her crown and of the mother country which adds another great confederation to the vast fabric ofEmpire. 'We can wish for him nothing better than Mr Kipling's boor-the people's lovetempered, august, ablding.-The "Times," October 4th. 