LADIES' GOSSIP. The Qieen is intensely particular about the dress worn by ladies who attend her drawing room''. A well-known London fashion-maker proposed to use embroidered cloth for court trains. The Lord Chamberlain thought it would tot do, but referred the matter to the mi3treE3 of the robop, her Grace of Buccleugb. The duehes?, whilst cordially praising the beauty of the delicate ha6d, r!chly-\rrought fabric, wrote decidedly that ihe Qneen would not peimit it to be us-ed for drawing-room dresses, as for euoh a purpose clorh W8s un. orthodcx. It is reported that a well-knowin Royn Academicten, who during the last few yearp his launched out into portrait-painting, bap J.ieen coirim^cded to peinfc a picture of thr Queen. This ia exceedingly gratifying, be cause there ia little dcubt but what tbe public would like .to hep a picture oi ber M«jesty painted by ji British artist:. Her Royal Highness the P.ircesB of Wale6 is at home in ovt ry coantiy in Europe, but ber favorite houso is SandriEgbsm. Here for at least four or five months in tho year the Piin. cere follows tho»a simple hsbite vshich are eo dear to her. The ball in in all things the ? model of an elegant country house. The bed rooms are brightiy draped wuh the whitest of curtains ar.d of hangings, Tho beudoir ecu. tains a hundrtd pigna of pimple domesticity ; the tearoom in r. pretty iiitie chamber over flovvirg with knick-kr.'cckp. Wbcn the Pfin. ce83 has no visitorB she «p;iucl3 tho morting with her daughters, who work hard at needle, work, puialing, aud triusic. She has hed a little hou-e rmiie iu a copy nook of the grounds at S*&-hijfjhau\ Sw ia verv devoted to this spot, and when the house is full of guests her Royal Highness fnquently goes there for afternoon tea with a chosen few to whom she personally dispenses the cheering cup. This summer-house is known aa the Princess's Folly. Toe Princess of Wales alwaya appreciates the bouquets which fall to her share at public ceremonials. Tao fljv?ers are preserved as long as possible, taking their place among the thousands of rare exotics with which her rooms in Marlborough Hou3e are decorated. Tae Czir and Czirino, when alone, take keen delight in cutting out caricatures of themselves from foreign journals, and pasting them on the white walls of one of tha rooms of tho S^. Petersburg palacr. They erjoy laughing over the long procession of ridiculous figuree. Tiie Countess of Warwick has alwayB evinced a dislike to the exacting convention alities of fashionable society. Had ehe been horn poor she would have found herself one ol the most astute business women in England' Her ladyship is a famous breeder of collie dogs, and her stud ia said to pay its way hand somely — like her well-knowa shop ia the West-End of London. Madame Aibani is devotedly fond of child ten, and takes great interest; in iheir musical taster. It i3 no uncommon event for this great vocalists to play and ssing nursery rhjmos for the amusement of her juvenile friends, atid sh«3 ha3 composed soma special ballads for the delight of wee folk. Mrs. Langtry is not a believer in the popular superstition that opals are apt to bring bad luck. She possesses a fine collection of these charming j swels, and wears some of them a'most constantly. Miss Qjiievieve Ward, the gifted ac'ress^ has hsd a singular career. She was born ir. Nsw York, and wa3 married in Paris to a Russian nobleman, Count Constantino de Gourbel, but parted wi.h him at the altar. Then she appeared on the lj ric stage, and sang at Har Maj *9ty's opera with Titiens, and other famous tiogers. She lost her voice through overwork, aud thea turned her atten tion to the drama, in which sbe has won such success. The Queen usually includes in tha wedding present made to any bride of the Royal Family, a length of 'Royal Stuart ' tartan. The Queen of the Netherlands is an enthusi astic amateur gardener, and owns a miniature greenhouse, which she manages entirely by herself. Thla is within a few minutes' walk of the palace, and she visits it daily, no matter what the weather. Oace ehe remarked to a friend, 'Here, among my flbwer-pots, I can forget that I am a Qaeen.' The Qieen of Roumania, 'Cirmen Sy!ve,'f 13 eo passionately fond of flowers that she is positively unable to rest Lappily in a room where there are no hloesome. Aa to writing without the neighborhood of flowers, that ehe has dec'ared to be quite out of the question Nearly all her literary works have been com posed out of doors, in a roofless room, built ot reads and surroundad by a hedge of roae bushep, in tha bolls of which are .cunningly concealed cages full of singing birds. The floor is of mossy turf. Li one corner a tiny fountain poura forth perfumed waters ; it an other swings a luxurious silkeu hammock, iD which tbe Q leen can rast aad dream. Her sjat is a mossy bank, her desk a lichened stone, carved into the shape of a writing table. The Duchesa of M-.rlborough has for motor, car riding, which is often chilly work, a costume of soft kid, with raised seamg sewn with brown, and the skirt bound with brown leather. Both the duke and tho duchess aie exceedingly lond of tho new and fashionable pastime. L\dy Sophia Cecil, who has recently cele brated her ninetieth birthday, is one of the few people who can remember the Battle of Waterloo. A daughter of the Duke of Richmond, ahe was a childish spectator — peeping over the banisters it may be — of the famous ball given by her mother at Brussels oa the eve of tha battle. Oa the day that she became a nonagenarian she received an illuminated address, signed by her many friend-, among them being the present Duke of R'chuiond, Lord de Bos, and Sir Charles Pdel, who aoat a wreath of roses tied with a white ribbon, heaving the dates 1809 and 1899. What a number of remarkable peoplf, by the way, were born In 1809— M'. Gladstone Lord Tennyson, and Oliver Wendell HolnW ;o name no others ! When Madame Melba was recently at Dun' dee it waa alleged by eome of the local wite acres that the distinguished vocalist was born in tha vicinity of the city. It wf«s said tha* her real nsrue was Mitcnel', and that her !ather and rao'/ner, wi'.h several young chil dreo, emigrated from Scotland when she was a little gir). Midama Malba declares that her father's name ia not Mitchell, that her mother waa a Spaniard, that she was born at a place near Malbourne, in Australia, and that 816 was never au emigrant from Dundee Tuat ought to settle the matter. Although 70 years of agf, Mrs. Daeble, who ia the Zilu war commanded the contingent of tha Army Nursing Sarvicp, has recently volun teered for active duties in the Transvaal. The Central Red Cross C;mmiltee, however, whilst thanking her for hit offer, felt that it would not be fair to ask so much of her. Mre. Djeblp, who retired into private life Gome 10 years ago, has received from the Queen the Order of the Royal Rad Cross. It is said of Madame Eunep, the famous prlma donna, that if she were to accede to every request made to her to sing at charity entertainments her time would be so occupied that sha would never be able to earn a penny for herself. Miss Goodrich Free1-, whose book on the haunting of Ballechiu House, Fifeshire, written In collaboration with the Maiquess of Bate, has created such a sensation, has a repu tation as a writer and speaker on ghosts clairvoyance, and other uncanny subjects much of her work ia this direction fcaviag been done under the pseudonym of ' MissX.' It may be added that Miss Freer herself, who Is a member of an old Highland family, lays claim to tbe faculty of second sight. The BmallTninded woman gives great irn pmatice to little matters (lays Woman's Life), and has a way of dressing up Insignificance in an obtrusive garb till after a time the begins to seriously believe it is as important aa she has made it appear. Wnon eho arrives at that stage her mantal state in a misery, not only to herself, but to other people. She ma}' be an energetic, economical houaewiir, and a loving wife and mother, but for all that the home over which she presides will ba almost un bearable, so trifl'mg will Lo the marital and spiritual atmosphere sbe hivj created there Duty by har ia not merely faced, hut becomes an instrument of torturo, and the work and service of daily lif-?, which might be done chaerfulJy, is mido a heavy ta?k to hersell and others by ber slavish devotion to uaim portant dutaila, Even large-minded women .ose their sense of proportion when they are ovar worked and exhausted, physically and mentally, and decline to take proper real; and recreation. If only homa-makora would realise the importance of even a .half-hour's absolute rest in the day, what a diiforonca it would make to the happiness of life. I think of marriage, wrirea Sirah Grand, aa- J. Ihink of life ; it in pretty muc'i what people choose to make ifc. Ir doog not fail wheu hus band and wifo have good prhic:pier, and lives up to them ; -i'ul good irmnnerH in private ac ?7/sli a', in pir-lic — not. to mention high ulwala Whan we uro wst happy in th-3 intimate rela tions of Sifo it 13 generally for Rome trivial roaoon — aa often as oo1-, became we dou't tnbo the trou' 1 j r.o nufeo ourselves (»;;f(.'.aAb]a, as ha cuh' we tail in other duties, I couaid*r i-. u duty t-j be agreeable, Marriage ia the BtUo that develops the noblest qualities, and that Is why happily-married people are tb« best worth knowing, the most delightful to live amongst. :;;. . Japan has its communities of silent female i recluses in common with European countries; ' There ia such a community at a place called Yunakawa. A matron of boiihh fifty years preside?, and hor instructions are implicitly obeyed. The women are ail young, ranging from 16 to 27, and some of them are described as very beautiful. The building stands in a farm of some 250 acres, but the women do not engage in any agricultural work. They spend moat of theic time indoors reading religious worko, and they nppear to observe a strist rule of silence. It is no unusual thiug for woman pastor3 in ' America to have full power to perform the;' marriage service. The first to officiate tbera with State permission was Mrs, (Rev.) Eilen Kinkle, of the Brethren Church, Clevsland, ? In 1892. Soma Parisian actresses wear papor Iaca, which by night Iook3 as beautiful and delicate as real lace, while ifc cog's but a trifle. The young wife of the great Chinese states man, Li Hung Chaug, i3 said to possess two thousand diffarent coatumee, and she keeps several hundreds of niaida to wait upon her. 'Without a doubt,' gaya ouo of our best known women players, 'It ia an enormous advantage to an &ctres3; to be beautiful. Fmt Impressions go a long way with aa audience, and they will forgive a gteafc deal if they have been prompted to exclaim, s he ec rrsa makes her entrance, ' How pretty she is !' ' 