' Notebook Jottings, Billiards at The institute. Are They Justifiable. Ashes to Ashes; Cremating; the Dead. The disposition of the Committee of the Mechanics' Institute to give even a moments' consideration to a proposal to introduce a billiard table into tho traditional sanctity of the institution, will probably be viewed us (in evidence of ' moral degeneracy ' by a great many people. The puritanic mind will bo apt to murmur ' Touch not the unclean thing,' while tho unro genenito and scoffingly-mindcd may bo expected to view it in the light of the triumph for everything that is unbiblical. There is, how ever, nothing in the proposal to cause anybody to turn* up the whites of their eyes in horror, nor is there anything in it that is indicative of a compromise with the ' Prince of the power of darkness.' The proposal is one which has for its object the popularizing of a laudable institution, and if the billiard table is elsewhere regarded as a gaming d table there is no earthly reason to believe that is going to be used as a gaming table in the institute any more than are tho draught and the chess boards that, are so popular there If the game of cricket woro tabooed by all Sabbatarians because some people desecrated the Sabbath by indulging in the game, cricket would cease to be a national and manly game, and would ultimately drift into the hands of those who played cricket on a Sunday only, and thus the intensifying of tho evil. , The . game of .billiards is considered' a game of skill, and a most interesting game at that, and the association of men of the class who compose the com mittee of Mechanics' Institute must necessarily tend, so far as the ihsti' tute is concerned, to keep it as harmless and as free from the p'olu; tionof gamiug as ar© the games ,pf chess and draughts that are .niglitly played in the institution. There i$ nothing in the proposal to warrant tho assertion that it means th- undermining of the foundations ol the institution. The result of the introduction of billiard -tables, into* the Bathurst and Glen Innes Schools' of Arts has been tho popu larising of the reading rooms ftnd there have been a greater demand for tho .bboks of the institution. Clearly, billiards is not a demora lising game unless it is played j amidst demoralising surroundings.! Played in moral atmosphere,: it j as innocent a recreation as the'. game of marbles or pegtopv The first instance in which tho body of a dead person has been burnt instead of buried in this colony occurred in Sydney on Sun day ^last, although it is not tho first time that a citizen of New South Wales has been subjected to the process of roasting after ho had ' yielded up the ghost.' The lato Sir William Windeyer, it will bo remembered, diod during a visit to England, and in accordance with his expressed wish his remains were cremated and brought back to Aus tralia in an urn. The late A. G. Taylor was oneo asked to express his opinion on cremation. Poor Taylor, with his usual ready wit, tersely replied, ' Well, I think it would be a very good thing for the working men, for it would be a very cheap and expeditious way of dis posing of the dead, and besides they get their iim-ings.' If, however, A. G. T. were in the flesh to- day and heard of four tons of wood and siln dry tins of kerosene oil being used to cremate the body of a man, as was the case on Sunday last, ho would have very good reason to alter his opinion in regard to cremations being an economical process. And besides tho working man would lose a largo lump of his ordinary earn ings if he had to wait four hours (a la last Sunday's ceremony) for. the body to be consumed before he got the. wnings of his dead friend. Notwithstanding, however, that in instances of cremation are few and far between in the r;olohios, in America and Europe crematories are established institutions in which those who are partial to the system may dispose of the remains of their dead. The ashes which remain are placed in an oak, silver, or golden urn,' which invariably graces the most-favored cabinot of the drawing room for ever afterwards, and is handed down from generation, to generation as a relic of ancestral disembodiment. This last 'fact seems to bo the most objectionable feature about cremation. Thero is a great deal of reason in the chief argumont that is used in favor of the system, that is, in the interests of tho public health, tut tho ten dency to pander to morbid seuti mentalism, such as tho preserving of the ashes undoubtedly is, coun teracts what virtue there is in the system. PILGRIM, 