"Breeze" in the Assembly "While Mr. Dacey was speaking in the Legislative Assembly, Mr. D. O'Connor interjected once or twice, which appeared to irritate Mr. J. Fitzpatrick, who loudly called out 'chair.' Mr. O'Connor : What are you call ing out 'chair' about 1 Mr. Fitzpatrick (with gTeat vehe mence): 'Ohair.' (Laughter) The Speaker: 'Order, order.' Mr. O'Connor then sat beside Me. Fitzpatrick, and Mr. Dacey continued his speech, Mr. Fitzpatrick, suddenly jumping up, said: Mr. Speaker, is this inter ruption to go on 1 This hon. member (indicating Mr. O'Connor) is a cause of annoyance to every hon. member in his vicinity. Mr. O'Connor made a remark to Mr. Fitzpatrick which was inaudible in the gallery. Mr. Norton and Mr. Fitzpatrick rose together, both speaking excitedly. Mr. Norton ; Mr. Speaker, I rise to order. (Laughter). i Mr. Fitzpatrick : The hon. member is not in order. Mr. Norton: Mr, Speaker, I claim your protection. Mr. Fitzpatrick; The hon. member is out of order at the present time. (Laughter.) The Speaker (indicating Mr. Fitz patrick): Will the hon, member be seated 1 Mr. Norton: I take your ruling. Ie it in order for one hon. member to compare another to "a flea in a blan. ket"—(loud laughter) — as the hon. member for Phillip just now likened the hon. member for Rylstone 1 (Re newed and boisterous laughter.) The Speaker : If the hon. member did that he would be oat of order. Mr. Norton (with great indignation) —Well, he did; I heard him most distinctly. (Laughter). The Speaker: Well, the hon, mem ber must withdraw and apologise. Mr. O'Connor: Mr. Speaker, I apologise — to the flea. (Frantic laughter.) Mr. Fitzpatrick : Did you hear, Mr. Speaker, the continued impertinent— (laughter) —• language of the hon. member. Mr. Norton (laughing) : Withdraw. (Cheers). The Speaker: The hon. member for Phillip must withdraw. Mr. O'Connor: Mr. Speaker, I i withdraw — my apology. (Loud ! laughter). ■ Mr. Fitzpatrick: I draw your at tention'— (renewed laughter) Mr. Speaker, to what the Lon. member said : That he withdrew his apology. (Laughter). The Speaker: I understood him to withdraw the expression. Mr. Fitzpatrick: No, he withdrew bis apology. (Laughter). The Speaker: The hon. member for Phillip must unreservedly withdraw the expression, Mr, O'Connor (with great suavity): Mr. Speaker, with the most profound respect for you, Bir, and for the high office you hold, I unreservedly with draw the expression, (Laughter). 1 Mr. O'Connor then sat down next to Mr. Fitzpatrick and said something which could not be heard in the gallery. Mr. Fitzpatricfe immediately sprang up and said excitedly : I object to the bon, member sitting next to me. (Laughter). I object to his coming sear me. Since be withdrew the la&t; expression, Mr. Speaker, he has in formed me that he troald take care I was strangled before the evening was oat. (Renewed laughter). Mr. O'Connor then bowed himself ont of the Chamber, The Allied ,troops have marched through the Imperial city at Pekin, the Russians, Japanese, and British taking the lead if the order named. Now South "Walos lias sent lier men To drive the Boers from hill to glen. Old England's sons have not forgot Jffajuba Hill—that dreadful blot. They'll fight oil weathers, fine or wet, Nor care tor cold that thoy may get, Which knowing well they can endure By lairing Woods' Ove&t; Peppermint Care, A policeman who haunts hotels hasn't got the ghost of a chance of becoming an inn-spectre. Twenty years ago there roamed over the plains and mountains of the Far West 8,000,000 buffaloes. To-day there are less than 600 head in exis tence. 