FHENOMlSNAL ISLANDS Eteniko Stakdabd. Sinoe its first discovery in 1689, Falcon Island, of tbe Tonga group, in the South Pacific, haa played hide and-seek from ita mysterious bed be neath the waves. With tantalising regularity it has belied tbe ocean charts by surreptitiously swooping to its native deeps from tbe wondering ken of the puzzled mariner. It has been missing sinoe 1698, and now it has emerged once more in the form of -a huge whale. This unstable charac teristic of Falcon Island is one of the family of peculiar phenomena which have been the fruitful core of many a ghoBtly ocean legend, and the foun dation of natural fact on which have been built interesting phases of tbe fairy lore of lake and sea. Those Wili-o'-the-Wisp bits of ocean land have caused discomfiture to the mariners of the sixteenth and seven teenth centuries, and the location of numbers of 'vanished islands have place in all or most of the maps of those periods. As late as the year 1700, an English ship returning from Newfoundland, near lat. 60 deg. north discovered an island, hitherto un known, which not only appeared fer tile, but was covered witb fields and woods, but hindered by a violent surf, the boat's crew failed to secure a land ing. Bo convinced were the captain adO sailors of the reality of their dis covery that ships were chartered in London to explore the island, but tbe Eearcli was fruitless — the fugitive land had again vanished. Like Falcon Is land, it might have been a volcanic upheaval, a theory supported, perhaps, by tbe extreme agitation of the sur rounding water. It is a remarkable coincidence that, 6ince as early as tbe .Ninth Century, there is a circumstan tial record of tbe discovery of an island by Irish and Danish fishermen about the same place, midway between tbe coast of Ireland and Newfoundland. From that period to the Fourteenth Century it was frequently seen by the English and French fisbermen and mariners, but it eluded all their at tempts to land on it — in fact, it was the Sea-serpent sensation of thoae Centuries. In Erse it was called Flath Innis, or the Noble Island ; by the Anglo-Saxons, Icockane, or tbe country in the waves ; and by tbe Irish, French and Spanish it was known as Brazil and Asomanda, or tbe Island of Ghosts. But so confident were the geographers of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries of the presence of land in that particular spot of the Atlantic, that it is inarkod on the maps of tbe period. Il may bave been a volcanic part of the ocean bed, whose active period covered those early centuries till tbe seventeenth, when we have the latest circumstantial record of its appearance, or it may have been a Fata Morgana, such as that described by Commodore Byron in his voyage round the world, Wieie be telle of a phantom island iu high buutberc kttirude with capus and mountains that deceived his most * experienced mariuers. But to oome closer to facts, we find tbat among the most familiar wonders in phenomenal islands, are those buoyant lands that rise to the water surface, or dink to the bottom by means of some hidden evolution of natural law. One of the most important of those acquatic wonders is the floating island of the beautiful Lake of Derweatwater. It is situated in tbe south-east corner of the lake, almost within the sound of the Falls of Lodore ; it never changes it» location, but dives to the bottom or rises to the surface according to the dictates of the mysterious law tbat moves it. In connection with that curious island there is a supplementary phenomenon called ' the bottom wind,' a local subaqueous agitation that rudely ruffles the water at certain times in that particular part of the lake. The periods of tbe rising of Ihe ibland have been irregular and uncer tain ; it has come to the surface in two successive years ; at other times it has been in biding for seven or eight years, and then made its appearance, at the end of an exceptionally warm, dry season. Its figure and extent arc variable; it sometimes comprises an acre, entirely covered with a sort of peat moss vegetationl It appeared in the first year of the oentury, and then sank for eight vears, when it rose to the surface for three months, and then vanished till 1818, when it again paid a six weeks' visit and returned to its bed till 1815 ; then experiments proved that it was charged with a mixe i gas of nitrogen, carburetted hydrogen, and carbolic acid, hence it was surmised that the formation of this gas in greater or lesser quantity determined tbe gravity or buoyancy of tbis curious island. Phenomena of this kind are familiar objects in Cumberland, for in Eethwaiie Lake a natural floating island has h :en used as & ferry capable of holding fifteen persons. ? In 1877 tbe number of students at the universities of Italy was under 9,000. This year it is nearly 26,000 or more — in proportion to the popu lation — than Germany or France can boast. 