[?] ^BMSHW) K? flPROtAL AllBANSBUBNT. A»»llO.r6f-'_Tho C.-;-ul Porter Square Mystery,' «Crif,» 'Tho Sacred NuB«t » .-?'Kirinm Rosalia,' «A Fair Jeweu,' 'The Golden 1Mn& ' VTho Betrayal of John Fordham,' kc, &o.; ' COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER X.—(Conlimied.) 'It was during ono of his later visits to Paris that ho met tho young lady who became his second wife. Tho pnsxions and inclinations of men are matters of impulse and inheritance, and though thoy m;iy bo controlled they cannot bo destroyed. The moment Bernard Maubray saw Uabridle a now flower of love look root in his heart., and her imago accompanied him when he went from her presence. She waa very little older than his daughter Valerie, and it might lave been thought that the dispmit.y ? in their ages would havo hold Mm back. But strong-minded as he was, the charm had fallen and ho could not resist it. If occasionally tho doubt in truded itself that tho union of a lady with a man old enough to bo her father was unwise, it was instantly dismissed. In the lives of most men there aro overwhelming tides which carry them onward despite themselves. That Bernard Maubray loved Gabriello passionately in no way lessoned his love for Valeric,; it helped, indeed, to strengthen it, inasmuch as it opened the door to a closer end more constant companionship with his ilear child. It would also impart new sweet ness to Gabriello's union with him, for she would have a companion of her own age always by her sido. He encouraged every argument favourable to tho consummation of his ardent wishes, and dismissed overy argu ment whicb bade him reflect before ho took tho final step. There wero ?peculiar circumstances which kurried him e«i. Gabrielle's father was so' ? intangled in pecuniary difficulties that ruin Itarcd him in the face. Not only ruin but dishonour ; for in his frantic efforts to release himself from disaster ho had in an incautious moment stepped aside from tho path of ; - rectitude. Exposure meant dishonour, dis honour meant death. When Bernard Maubray appeared upon the scene ;ill this was known to Gabrielle, in whom her father, weak and ra&m; of purpose, had confided, and her soul Tras filled with horror at the threatened iragedy. Bernard Maubray was tho ono man who could avert this tragedy, who could preserve her father's honour, and in a moment of despair she consented to bo his wife. No shadow of this despair was visible to Maubray. He loved, and was blind. The Badness of her face was accounted for by the aloud which hung over her father's honoured name, the cloud which it was his good fortune to remove. To this cause, also, he t attributed her wandering glances and the ; : nervous clasping of her hands when he pressed ? '?' his.suit. In a certain sense her sadness im parted a spiritual element to her beauty, andy given that her heart was at rest, all clue \ ? was'well. But her heart was not at rest.' She con tented to marry Bernard Maubray, but she did not love him. Had she made this clear to him he would have instantly released her. but alio kept her secret close — the secret which only one man could have suspected, and that man one of the base creatures of tho earth whoso career waastrewn with perjured vownand blighted hopes, with shame and despair, and ;? .sometimes death. Even as it was she would not have accepted Bernard Maubray had she not had a firm conviction that her days were numbered, and that she would soon go down to the grave with her secret unrevealed. By her act she released her father from impend ing dishonour ; by nature's decree she would be saved from a woman's deepest shame. So they were married in Paris, and in the church in which the ceremony took place lljaked the villain who had betrayed her. Ho kept so far baok in tho gloom of unillumined pillars that ho did not see the faces of brido and bridegroom ; he heard the sound of mur muring voices, and, the ceremony over, he ?lunk away, twirling his Mephistopheliau moustache with an air of satisfaction. It was «n obstacle removed, and he was contented. ' By my faith,' he murmured, with a smile, ' I have had my pastime, and Gabrielle is settled in life. Farewell, my sweet Gabrielle.' But if it contributed to his satisfaction to think that the consequences of his base act were for ever removed, and that they would play no part in his future, he could' bure paid no regard to that dread Fate which weaves its threads in silence and darkness, and over tarns the grandest as well as the meanest of mortal schemes at the moment of fruition. We build our castles and dream our dreams, heedless ,of tho unseen shadow which waits upon our actions, audio! when the edifice is crowned and the dream is dreamed, a thunder cloud bursts and lays waste the work of the best years of our life. Back in his house, with his bride and his daughter by his side, Bernard Maubray sent \- forth a work which set tho seal upon his renown as ono of the world's groat painters. Three; of his happiest months went by, and then the clouds became overcast. Gabrielle seemed to be pining away. Always quiet ?nd reserved, she grew even fonder of silence Bnd solitude. V/ith love's solicitude ho observed how thin and white sho was, how tho least sound struck terror to her heart, how when she was in thought and he spoke to her «he started as though to ward off a blow. He questioned Valerie privately. Had Gabrielle complained? ' No,' answered Valerie, 'she never complains.' 'But sho suffers?' 'Yes, she suffers.' 'Havo you tried to ascertain the cause?' 'Yes, but sho insists that she is quite well.' 'Is tho houso too .quiet for her. Doo- she wish for company?' 'No, she dreads it.' And Valerie drew his attention to the circumstances that when visitors came, or strangers wero announced, her ono desire was to avoid them. Indeed, : at this time, unknown' to tho father and daughter, Gabriello was attempting flight to nomo spot where ghn was unknown, and where she could remain hidden from the sight of all who know her. Ho quostioned Gabriello also, and was distressed by ?, tho nervousness and fear sho exhibited when they wero alone together. . .,'? ? ..., ' Do I frighten you, Gabriollo?' ho asked tenderly. 'No, no,' sho replied, '.why. should I bo frightened when you Kpeak to mo?' But even as she answered sho shrunk from .'him. and ? could not look him intho;:fa66.rl - r ? : !. ?' If yon havo liny grief,- confide!in me;' ?'Yes, I-w»?\ T was ;noyer. strong, .you ' know.' ????''-??. ??'. 'Wo will Jbi~-.-j you strong,' he said, striving to speak uhcortuUy. ? - ' You aro very good to mo — too good, too good !' Sbo was on tho vorgo of Tears, and ho fore boro to question her farther. All that lovo tould do was done — without avail. Her peaco of mind seemed to be destroyed. Bernard Maubruy's most intimate friend was Dr. Weber, a physician of great skill and txperience, and from this friend he sought advioe. Dr. Weber accompanied the artist homo, and ga^vo a gentle hint to. Gabrielle of tlio object of his unexpected visit. 'My husband is mistaken,' she said, but rtfll with that strange air of fear about her. ??*! am quite well. It is only a little weak lusss, that will pass off. I am glad to see you, Dr. Weber, tte- u friend. I do not ro aniro medical advioo,' Bravely as she spoke she couta not com mand her voice ; her eyes filled with tears. Tear* name easily now. 'Well, ttoII, madame,'' said Dr. Weber, ' behold me as a friend, not a physician.' During the ensuing fortnight ho paid several visits to Crow's Nest, and making quiet observance of Gabrielle arrived at a conclusion. ' She must have change of air and change of scene,' lie said to Maubray. 'Of tho two I believe the latter is the more important. Sho lias something on her mind over which she is brooding, ami the quiet routine of her life may be injurious. Map out a three months' tour, and do not stop three days in ono place. Take her to theatres where light pieces and light music are being played. A little frivolity will do no harm.' When the project was unfolded to Gabrielle she assented to it gladly, even eagerly. It was as if a weight, wero lifted from her soul— from Maubray's also. His heart grew light at the relief expressed in her countenance. Ho showed her the plan of the tour ho had mapped out, and spoke of the pleasure in store for them. ' We will start to-morrow,' he snid. 'Wo!' she cried, and the light died out of her face. ' You, I, and Valerie,' ho said, wondering at this change in her. ' No, no,' she oxclaimed hysterically. ' I must go alone — alone.' 'My dearest Gabrielle ? ' But she would not listen. With a seared look around, panting and weeping, she cried again, 'I must go alone — alone.' So great was the violence of her passion that he ceased to expostulate with her. He would not, however, conse'nt to her troing without a companion, and .after much urging and pleading a compromise was agreed upon, Valeric was to uceompany her, and Maubray was to remain at homo. As, in accordance with Dr. Weber's advice, the ladies were to stop no longer than three days in one' place, it was arranged that Maubray should address his letters to tho paste rctlanle in the next town or city to which thoy wero bound. 'You will write regularly,' he said to Gabrielle. 'Don't r.Vc me to promise,' ' she said. 'Tho moment I sit down to write a letter my head begins to ache.' , . But Valerie promised to write two or three tImes a week, and with that he was fain to be content. So the adieux wore spoken, and they rode away. Valerie in her letters spoke more of Gabriello than of herself. Now the invalid was a little better, now she was not quite so well, now she said sho was feeling a littlo stronger. Time and time again did Maubray express his earnest desire to join them, if only for a week or a few days, but Gabriello would not hear of it, and somewhat to his surprise he was .dissuaded also by Valerie, who before their departure was very anxious that he should accompany thorn. Condemned to seclusion ho took mental refuge in work, and spent most of his time in the Ruined Tower, where he painted from memory a marvellous portrait of his wife, absence from whom intensified the lore he bore for her. He wrote long letters to the absent ones, and to Gabrielle ho poured forth his soul, writing as a young man might have done under the influence of the first divine dream of love. If sometimes in Valerie's letters there was a forced gaiety, he did not detect it, haying an eye only'to the brighter issues of this enforced separation from those he hold most dear. Thus month after month went by until four had passed, and then the thunderbolt fell. One morning, without any intimation that he was coming, Dr. Weber ascended the steps of the Ruined To''er, and stood in the presence of his friend CHAPTER XI. Bernard Maubray was putting Hie finish ing touches to the portrait of his wife, upon which until this day no eye had fallen but his own. With mingled admiration and distress Dr. Weber gazed upon the beautiful work. 'It lives, Wfiber,' cried tho artist en .thusiastically ; 'it almost breathes. What say you?' 'It is wonderful!' replied Dr. Weber, oppressed by the mournful' news he was intrusted to communicate. The sad note in tho doctor's voice drew Maubray's attention to him ; but he turned the next moment to the engrossing creation of his loving fancy. 'I did not wish you to see it,' he con tinued, ' until it was completed. It has been my principal occupation these last two months, and even now I am scarcely satisfied ; it is hardly worthy of tho original, but who could hopo to fix upon canvas a faco and form so perfect ? It is my gift to her upon her return , when she looks upon it she will know that sho has lived in my heart. Valerie's letters lead mo to expect that I shall not have long to wait for our happy reunion.' ' I have heard from her,' said Dr. Weber. 'From Gabrielle?' 'No, from Valerie.' Again the sadness of his voice attracted the notice of tho artist, and now he gazed upon his friend more attentively. 'I am guilty of great selfishness,' he said, ; laying his hand kindly upon his friend's shoulder. 'It is the curse of our nature. Forgive my apparent indifference. You. are in trouble.' . . 'Yes, I am in trouble ; but not alone for myself, Maubrdy. Thero are sorrows 'which, affect us deeply through sympathy with those wo love.' Maubray's face grew palo as he laid aside his palette and brushes. 'You have received a lettor from Valerie. Does this sorrow touch mo?' ' It touches you, dear friend;' ; 7.: ' Valerio is ill,' cried Maubray. ?'Then I must go to her. I was too weak and irresolute ; thoy should not have gone without me. I must go to them at. once— at once!' ?.'*?'? .:',,. .1. 'Valerie is well,' said Dr. Weber, and his voice grow more grave. ?.?-'. ?'???*? '??.:?, ?? 'Good God! It is Gabriello!' Toll mo? quickly — quickly ! Why did not Valorio write to mo? Spenk, man, speak ! Tlierbiis. Bomething in your face ? ' ' . ? 'Summon all your fortitude, dear friend.' Valerie -lid not writo to you direct because the fearal the shock.' ' The shock !' exclaimed Maubray, a vague, terror stealing upon him. :. ' She is on her way home; sho will soon bo hero.' ? '?? ? .' 'With Gabrielle — oh, thank God.! Gabriello ia ill, but we will nurse her into health. My care, yuur skill ? ' His agitation overpowered him, and ho could not proceed. 'Valerio comes alone,' said Dr. Weber, solemnly. ' Alone ! ' 'Dear friend, there are griefs which need all our strength to bear. They come to all men; it is tho human lot. But in tbe midst of our anguish we muot not bo rognrdl(wo ol thoRO who aro still loft, to us, arid wlioao lovo will help to soften ovou the bitterest Rtrr-koa of destiny. The sonso of duty remains ; faith remains ; mid Time, tho healer, will mitigate our Bufferings.' ' Giibriolle is dead ! ' said Maubray. in 0 mufilcd lone, nod turned his faco to tho wall. 'Alas!' In that one word the revolution wns clearly miule. For many minntcs neither spolm ; Hien Dr. Weber said', 'Valerie asked mo to Wtfuk the sad news; she enclosed a letter for you.' 'Leave mo, Wober,' said tho bereaved man. ' Do not speak, I cannot bear it. She is gone \ Gone ! ' Ho sank into a chair, and covered his faco with his hands. A black desolation fell upou him ; joy diod out of the world ; nothing but pain and sorrow remained. The image of Gabrielle presented itself to him, as ho first saw her in Paris whnn love touobed his heart ; as ho last, saw her when sho departed with Valerio. Had bo but known— had he but known ! The image slowly faded, and tho world was dead-. He did not weep ; the blow was too crushing1 for the relief of tears. Dr. Weber placed Valerio's lettor on tho table, and softly loft the room. It was a full hour bofore ho stirred from liis recumbent attitude, and when he raised his head hin eyes rested upon the portrait of Gabriello. He had depicted her with a smilo upon her face, and her lips seemed to bo opening in the act of speaking. Was it possible that this dumb canvas should livo and sho be dead ? No, it was not possible ; some deceit had been practised upon him. But Valerie's letter dispelled this delusion ; the words swam in his sight, but reached hia sense. ' She died in peace. Dear father, bo comforted.' A smile, bitter in its rebellion against tbe inevitable, came from his lips. ' Be comforted ! ' What could comfort n man living in a dead world ! This was a great tragedy in Bernard Mau bray's life, but in the heart of this tragedy was a secret, mercifully hidden from him by Valerie, the knowledge of which would havo overwhelmed him with a. deeper despair and a deathless horror ; :i secret which would havo shaken to its foundations his belief in human and Divine goodness. Mercifully spared in deed, though his anguish was sufficiently poignant without that bitter knowledge which lay hidden in his daughter's breast. So overwhelming was the desolation of his soul that the presence of his dear child brousrht no comfort ; that tho presence of Madame Ilart maim, who came from Paris to console him, brought no comfort ; that seeing them day by day, with the consciousness that they wore watching his misery with sympathetic nyos, animated only with the loving desire to find a way to mitigate it, was an added torture to him. ' What can we do for you, dear Bernard ?' said Madame Hartmann. 'Leave mo to myself,' he replied. ' Nothing will help me but solitude. I must be alone to wrestle with my grief.' So it fell out — for their pleadings woro useless*— that Valerie wns once more banished from his home; and returned to Paris with her aunt. ' You are not angry with me, father ?' sho asked him on tho day of her departure. ' Angry with you, my child ? No — no !' ' You will sond f or me ! You will lot mo come home again !' 'When I am at peace, Valerie, when I suffer less, I will send for you.' Ah', the pity in her faco— tho tender com passion with which she embraced the father sho loved and honoured !' Was it treachery that she should keep her secret close, tho secret that brought hot blushes to her cheeks, hot tears to her oyes, in the solemn watches of the flight ? No, it was the truest mercy. It lay in its grave at peace, but no grave so deep as to help her to forget. To the lust hour of her life its memory would remain. For two years Bernard Maubniy kept him self secluded in Crow's Nest, admitting no friend or acquaintance with the single ox ception of Dr. Weber, and he came uninvited. Upon the first occasion, indeed, Dr. Weber forced himself upon liis friend, alarmed by the reports which reached him of tho state of -Miiubray's-heiiltu. ? ? ? ? .._..'.'_.! ? 'It is -useless to expostulate,' said tfae' doctor; 'I am here, and here I intend to remain. Fiien'ls are scarce, arid I do not intend to lose mine if my poor skill can save him. You are not over-pleased to see mo. Very good — or rather, very bad. Neither am I over-pleusedto see you in the state you. are. My dear Manbray— my ?dear. Miiubray ! ' The uuderlying; affection in this little speecli brought a faint responsive smile to Maubray's lips: ' : . .:?.-. ????.. ' I am glad to see you, Weber,' he eaid. ' Forgive the qolduess.of my welcome.' ' I will .forgive everything when I see the Maubray of. bkTbefore me. Not this Maubra£ that I see now— why, my dear friend, yon are like a ghost ! Now let us be practical. What is the matter with you ?'?' 'I cannot sleep.' 'For how long has this been so ?' ' Many.months.' ' 'I am going, to examine you. No protests! I -'know my business, arid you know yours. No denying that ; and no denying. either that to waste a talent — a God-given talent — is a heinous sin.- How many- pictures- have you painted this last,y.ear ?' 'Not one:' ' . 'Thon you have long arrears to pull up. You shall paint my portrait, so that a fitting presentment of myself may po down to an ungrateful posterity.' 'I cannot do it.' :. ,. . .: 'You shall do ib It is the only favour I have ever .asked of. you,. and I'will not be denied. I will give you' the first wttinsr ,_ ? i.-r%_ '- ? i- ':-. t : .... 3 to-morrow. Jteinemper,.! omyourpnysician. 'I cannot put brush to canvas till I sret some sleep.' .-?:;.-.?.. :.-- 'I will ensure ;you- sleep; the lonely life you are leading ,is sufficient to destroy your nerves and your brain. When did you hear from Valerio last?',' .--.. 'Yesterday.' '..'.'? .. --'.Is she well ?' \ ',' Sho says so.' ' . . ' ' When-did you write to'herlast?' ' A fortnight ago.' ; There was reproach in tho glance Dr. Wober oast upon Muubray,, and ho folt it. Life was beginning to stir withjn him ; the friendly imperiousuess)v''the hoalthy boister ousness: of th'ertdoctqr wero telling upon tho naturally .-healthy ?organisation of the artist. . 'It is not like' you, Maubray, to neglect so sweet a girl as Valerie — your only child, who loves you devotedly.' 'Do I nogleot her?' 'Would youask that question a second ? tim6,*jMuubray ? ' 'No. You are right in much that you say, in much that you imply. But you see, I am worn out. Tho curse of sleeplessness un balances lue.' ? '???-?' Although Dr. Wober did not approvo of ? opiates, he reeognisod^the. necessity. of them in this ease. But 'ho found that ordinary .remedies were poworless to produce tho need ]ful.-.,r.e.po86,-arid. he was compelled to havo -recourse to a deadly drug of his own pro paring, which had tho desired effect. In a fow days 'Maubray's e3ro was brighter, his skin -.was -.regaining;; its natural colour. Tho drug 'Dr. iWpbor hdministored was a dissolv sab.lp,po.wder. and ono of .its virtues was that -it;wasj';tiistoless and colourless, and that it imparted no flavour to tho liquid in which it ?was ;.dissolved. Thus a person taking it iiiriii ware: would not suspect its presence, and itliis peculiarity rendered it dangerous. So 'great was tho benefit Muubray derived from ;it that he insisted upon being supplied with several doses. -,1'or -use, if needed, -lit some .future'jfiine-'wheh the doctor's personal ser vices imightVinot bo available. Complying 'with this request, Dr. Weber was careful to explain tho danger that lay in taking a larger dose t'utji ho had prescribed. fl'O BK CONTINUKD.l IWC — V A-*.-rnool Dentists' Society has been formed in connection with the Dental Hospital, Port» land street, London. At the inaugural leo turts it. was stated that less than IG per cent of school buys and f.:irls of an average ngo of 12 do not require some treatment for decuyed teeth. 