THE STORY-TELLER WHEN THE CUOKOO CALLED. By H. D. UMBSTAF.TTEBT. The announcement that London music liall audiences are losing their heads and hearts over "The Girl with the Guitar" causes Mr. Seymour Gaston to smile as he looks down upon the world from his offices on the nineteenth floor of a New York sky scraper. Mr. Gaston is an ingenious, much travelled young batchelor with a history and a fortune. He recently invented a fold ing fire-escape, which also has a history and in wthich another fortune is said to await him. And "The Girl with the Gui tar" is one of the two Ziller.tlialer sisters, whose permanent address is unknown and who receive two hundred guineas a night for presenting their Tyrolean second-sight seance. To such an extent do these mys terious maidens from the mountains hypno tise the public that they appear nightly at four different music halls. At the Alhani bra they open the performance at eight o'clock, after which they aie rushed by their manager in an automobile to the stnge door of the second music hall, where they ap pear at eight forty-five, and so on, winding up at the. Aquarium at a few minutes be fore ten wit!) two hundred guineas in their pockets for the evening'*; work. When the curtain rises upon their ten minute act, it discloses a typical Tyrolean scene-dim mouutaias in the background, a sombre pine forest, a toyiike, gabled cottage in the distance. Hie lights are low and the stage is empty. The orchestra begins al most inaudibly a simple melody in the minor key. Presently a rich voice, that raises doubt in the mind of the listener .us to whether it is male or female, joins in. It is a song of love, «i seranade. The lights glow dimmer. A new sound steals into the conceited music of voice and instruments; there arc strange, bizarre chords and rip pling arpeggios, and then the music is drowned in the burst of wild applause that greets the appearance of "The <j ill with the Guitar." f>he bows modestly, the lights go up, the rich voice is heard again 'in a joy ous yodel, and the sister, t&o;, appears dressed in the picturesque attire of an Al pine hunter. This artistically conceived prologue brings the audience into closer sympathy with what follows. "The Girl with the Guitar," unheeding the applause and the demonstrations of the male portion of the audience, seats herself at the extreme right of the stage near the footlights. The sister is led by the manager along a narrow platform projecting into the centre of the hall, where, after being blindfolded, she Beats herself with her back to the stage, and the real perfonnaiice begins, to the muted music of the orchestra and the sad, fantastic chords of the guitar. The second sight seance progresses in the time-honour ed way, except that 110 word is spoken save by the blindfolded sister, who accurately names 'and describes, in a clear, musical voice, each article as it is borrowed from the audience and held up in silence before . the fcyatlights by the manager, some thirty feet behind her back. "A gold watch with a picture of a lady on its face;" a pair of pearl oj>era glasses:" "a half-crown piece with a hole in it;".and so on, the blind folded girl describes the exhibits as though they were held out before her naked eyes. She" never falters, never misses, and the puz zled look that comes to every face shows how completely she has mastered her art. But it is the strange, brilliam beapty and the fantastic music of "The Girl with the Guifar," who, seemingly unconscious of her surround ings, gazes idly across the stage, that holds the breathless attention of the audi ence. Music like ihers had never before been heard from any instrument. It is ab solutely uuique; a new scale and new sys tem of harmonics seem to have been dis covered by this sombre-eyed girl. It is her weird, haunting melodies that 'trouble the i mind with strange thoughts, and the impres i sion ?of mystical, occult powers at work produced by the performance, is really inyasible to tills inusic and the mysterious :.rfTBo-^ality-of the girl "which pervades and dominates it alL - All this vividly recalls to Mr. Gaston a ten-mireute drama of life in which he once played a part and which Qkistnates tow a man can regain his iost peace of xnind by being suddenly brought back to tie bnuk <of eternity. For years ago, while he was managing the affairs -of a large American enterprise iu London, a cablegram announced to Urn one day that his business partner in the United States had robbed him of all he possessed. Brooding over his ruined business, to which he had given ten 3*eare of his life and sacri ficed his health, his peace of mind fled and he travelled aimlessly ofer the Continent in search of anything that might bring him sleep and help him to bury the past, fie doctors sent him to Baden-Baden, but he soon found that the conventional watering place, where one reads suffering in almost every faoe, proved an irritant to his in somnia. The more he came in contact with humanity the more he felt drawn towards Nature. .So he started on a tour of the Slack Forest. At Trieberg, the picturesque little village which stands von the edge of a great waterfall high up in the dark, pine clothed mountains, lie found pleasure for a few days in visiting the -quaint cottages scattered through the surrounding wilder ness where the cuckoo clocks, music-boxe*, aud wood carvings are made mat always at tract foreigners. The mountaineers carry these clocks and carvings on the back for miles down the winding, perilous pathways to a public exhibition hall at Trieberg in which is kept a full line of samples for the convenience of purchasers. But the novelty of these scenes soon -wore off, and 011 the third day after his ar rival Gaston, craving excitement, bribed the custodian of this exhibition hall to set of! all the clocks and instruments at intervals of one second. The chorus of a thousand cuckoos, reinforced by the patriotic render ing of "Die Waclit am Rhein,'" the Wil liam Tell overture and "Die Lorelei" by scores of orchestrions and music-boxes, de lighted him, but proved demoralising to a party of American tourists bent on doing Europe in ten days. Mistaking their excit .ed brandishing of alpenstocks, umbrelbie and Baedskers for demonstrations of ap proval, the keeper kept up the performance until the inexorable schedule dragged the prospective purchasers away. They had spent the ten minutes allotted to the Bldck Forest. In his wanderings and search for adven ture, Gaston, came one dav upon what seem ?ed like an unused trail tnat led higher up the mountain from an almost impenetrable jumble of rocks and pines near the water fall. "The Witches' Path," exclaimed his land lord, when questioned, "and who ever fol lows it never returns." it might have an outlet in another valley beyond, he added, but, shaking his head, there w-ere strange stories about the Witches' Path, and while he could not verify them he knew that no one of his guests who had essayed to ex plore it lmd ever come back. ' Sick of chattering men and women, har rowed day and nignt by his troubles, Gas ton rejoiced in the prospect of an adven ture of any kind, and while he smiled at the suggestion of danger lurking in the re cesses of the Witches' Path, he secretly hoped there might be. Life was not a joy ful possession to Seymour Gaston in thos? days, and he cared little whether he lived or died. So, earlv the following morning, with a well-provisioned knapsack on bis back and an alpenstock in his hand he set out upon the Witches' Path. After teu ' hours of climbing* crawling, sliding and slip ping over almost impassable rocks and through impossible thickets, the trail led into a stretch of forest so dense as to com pletely shut out the fading daylight, and the wanderer was glad to accept as a bed the thick, endless carpet of pine needles that lay stretched out before him. The following morning he resumed his -journey, and at noon discovered, high on the moun tain side, what appeared like a grey toy house hidden among the rocks and pines After another hour of tiresome climbing li stood before a cottage built upon the very edge of an immense cleft. From far below echoed the hoarse booming of a mountain stream. His knock was answered by u short, white-bearded mountaineer with piercing grey «yes, who, upon learning that his visitor spoke German, received him hos pitably with the remark that it was se! .dom indeed that visitors came his way tJ brighten the lonely lives of himself and niece, who, he added, lived by making cuckoo clocks. It required no urging on thd part of Caspar Kollner, the cottager, to in: dues his guest to defer his return until the following day, and after supper, served by the mountaineer's attractive young niece, the tourist was equally willing to join li'-: host in a pipe and game of ecarte, while the young lady looked on and played w-ird airs upon her guitar. Whether it was .the strange quality of her undeniable beaut.v and the sombre mystery of her eyes, or hfci' music, Gaston soon lost interest in the game. Although there seemed little pur pose or training in her half listless playing, tiie sounds seemed to hint at unfathomable' things, at fancies such as Gaston supposed might visit the soul of one -who had stray ed from the paths of his fellow-men in1« an exotic, unhealthy world of his owa, where strange birds sang in a dusky, scent ed twilight. He played reckkssly, lost steadily, and was repeatedly compelled tc resort to. the Bank of England notes iu hi.; wallet. "You are iu bad luck to-night. Shall w: stop? You must be tired alter your long tramp," at last suggested the host. Then, counting the money slowly and with evi dent pleasure, he handed to Gaston all the latter had lost. It was promptly pushed back protesting!}', whereupon Kollner e* claimed, "Never! The pleasure is mine; the money is yours. It is my custom to play for stakes to lend interest to the game, but tiie law of hospitality forbids my keep ing what I win." So Gaston returned the money to his wallet and bade his generous host "and hostess good-night. Kollner led him to a large, low-studded room on the tipper floor, in which every article of fur niture was elaborately hand- carved. "The masterpiece of my craft," exclaim ed Kolluer, as he pointed with pride to a mammoth cuckoo clock, fully four feei wide and reaching nearly to the ceiling "But our proudest possession,'^ he continu ed, ap he led his guest through a tall French window upon a small verandah, "is this," pointing to a view that caused Gas ton to gasp for breath. The balcony direct ly overhung the mightly gorge, and fiwm the gulf of blackness far below rose the sound of the tumultuous .stream, while an uncertain moon threw fantastic shadows over the towering peaks above. "Most wonderful of all," continued Kollner, "is the echo, 'The Ghost of the Gorge' .as it is called. You shall hear it at dawn." With that he wound up and set the big clock, adding, "When the cuckoo calls, rise and come to this balcony. My niece shall play from the rocks below a-nd you will b:ar the spirit answer. Good-night!" As on many other weary nights, sleep re fused to come to Gaston. He lay for ho.i.= listening to the gurgle of the water and hearing it in echoes of the wild music of i the guitar. Towards 'inohiing a -feveri<?ii : slumber came, from which he was aroused J . by the shrill ? "Cuckoo! Cuckoo!" of the mechanical bird. Clad in Kb pyjamas he drowsily groped his way in the dusk towards the balcony. ? He had almost reached it when lie over-: turned the chair -which had served to ieep the window half open during the night. In its outward fall it carried down the oalcony with a crash, and Gaston, horror-stricker, barely kept his balance by grasping the wiudbw casing. _ From the dark chasm rose the weird strains of the guitar, echoing through the gorge. The iiorelei was call ing! But her notes were drowned by the, shrill creaking of the iron hinges upon' which the. balcony now swung to and fro below Gaston, and which, like a. flash, told ? liiru 'lw had been led to a man-trap o£ hell 1 ish ingenuity, instantly horror gave' way to anger, and the instinct of self-defence I roused him to action. For months he had I been reckless of danger, almost courted ! death. Now he was seized with an over lowering desire to live. He turned from the window and began to dress hurriedly when a noise attracted his attention to the cuckoo clock. Was it a hideous delusion? No! The thing was actually moving towa -d the centre of the room! In another instant Kollner appeared from an adjoining room through - a door which the clock had con cealed, his e,yes glaring fiendishly as they rested upon "tlie empty bed. Then, as he turned and saw. Gaston, hiB face became n mask of absolute fright and' bewilderment, for a moment only ne recoiled, then flung himself upon his .guest with the fury of a beast. Each instantly realised that the struggle would be to the death. Frenzied bv the miscarrying of his diabolical plot, the mountaineer -struggled madly, blindly, for a grip that should enable him to _ hurl his adversary over the mighty precipice. Foiled again and again by the agility of Gaston and forced to the defensive, he turned towards the open door to escape. As lie did so Gaston rushed upon him, pin ned his arms to bis sides, and pushed nim inch by inch to the open window, and Caspar Kollner reached the end of the Witches' Path! Ten minutes later Gaston found the niece quietly prenaring breakfast. She looked surprised, but when he told her that her uncle and not he had answered the Lorolei's call, she asked, with naive inuo cence, what he meant. It was only after , he had threatened to hand her .over to tlio police at Trieberg that she made this con fession: She had been brought up by her unelp, who had invented the folding balcony, and who always engaged his gu-esfcs in a game of cards. He invariably won because hrf had taught her as a child to signal, by means ot notes and chords on the guitar, the cards held by his opponent. He thus learned if his guests were supplied with money, and to gain their full confidence re turned -all they had lost. He was enabled to set the man-trap from his room below. Although the. gorge held the remains of. thirty victims, it was his boast that he had never killed a man, that each had of hid own free will walked into eternity. Gaston had heard enough. He did not stop for breakfast. He left Trieberg the following evenhig, and thoughts of his bust ness troubles no longer occupied his mind. xWhen he returned to America he set to work to retrieve his lost fortune, and the folding fire-escape, he tells his friends, was suggested by something he saw abroad. Gaston does not claim the gift of second sight, but lie knows, he says, that in the performance of the Zillerthalere, the weird strains produced by "The Girl with the Guitar" describe to her blindfolded sister the articles borrowed of the audience. 