WOMEN'S WORK. AND THE COMPETITION OF THE,. ? SEXES. Dear 'Vivienne,' — It has afforded me some amusement and wonderment to read some of your correspondents' views re the employ ment of girls in offices, &c.; And for my part, dealing with the matter upon broad lines, I am inclined to pity the girls of the present period from the bottom of my heart — that is, of course, those (and there are heaps of them) who are forced by their life circumstances to eo out and seek their living in the men's world. 'When their schooldays are over, they are obliged to re cognise at once that there is one thing that they must do, and that is, to look out for some avenue in which they may work and earn, so as to be able to keep themselves and add somewhat to the general home fund. This course is a necessity, and therefore none should quarrel with it; and the girls, as a rule, do not, whether from a definite and laudable wish to do their best towards their own support, or probably, in many cases, because parents and brothers are liable to consider that they (the girls) do not need anything in the pleasure line, and only such in the clothing line as will meet bare necessity. Under such circum stances a girl's lot must be anything but a happy one. Pleasure is not, as is too often asserted, a luxury to life, but a neces sary stimulant, which may become an un necessary luxury when abused. If pleasure and rational enjoyment, therefore, are ne cessaiy for boys, they are also necessary for girls, and there must be some little means to supply it through the instrumen tality of healthy work and interest, other wise the generation must suffer from want of vitality in wives and mothers. It is too much to expect a man to have to keep a regiment of sisters, cousins, and aunts in the necessaries of life, and an ordinary household does not supply suffi cient work for more than two or three of its woman members; therefore, they must work out in the world, and begin at it early so as to have some show of independence, which, is right and necessary. Even as it is, with. all the girls that are out in various employments, there are still numbers who can get nothing to do; every available avenue is in a state cf being 'over full/'' It is true that thdre are . many amongst these work- seekers who could be kept in ordinary comfort at home, but who are not. satisfied with what it offers; and wrongly, step out and compete with those whom, dire necessity urges to work for a bare living. This state of things is noticeable to some degree' in most of the avenues of women's work; but i.n tho aggregate it is tho workers perforce who fill the ranks of the seekers. One of your correspondents rather weak ly vents some spleen upon' woman clerks, who are held, by such critics, to have ousted men from their natural rights. That the commercial world has opened its por tals and allowed women to undertake mi nor duties within its precincts is, I think, a benefit to both men and women in more senses than one. Perhaps the meanest cut from adverse critics of the sterner sex upon this point is the attaching of the blame of the fact that lower salaries are given to women than were formerly given to men in similar capacities upon the women. Who arranges salaries ? And who is careful to assert: 'State salary required' (which, being, interpreted, means 'strike very low ih amount or you won't have a ghost of a chance'). Certainly, the girls or women applying have no say in the matter of amount of salary, and to dispute this point with an employer is an unknown indul gence, and one which would never be coun tenanced by employers of women and girls. So, if they do receive lower salaries than men in similar situations, it is the fault of the employers, who are men and not wo men. And why make a special example of the flo.'*! of clerkships ? At one time the field oC 'shop-serving' was closed to wo men, being the special property of the ' 'prentice.' Nowadays men and women share the shop-serving field. Then, again, someone amongst your cor respondents, m a weak attempt at proving the honorable nature of 'work,' even in its most ordinary aspects, suggests 'domestic service' as the most suitable avenue for tne superabundant girls, be their social status (it is presumed) what it may. And this in dividual calmly and deliberately wants us to believe that fathers, brothers, and- other masculine friends would hold their sisters, cousins, &c.;, in quite as deep respect and interest if they went out into 'domestic service' in order to support themselves.. One can't quite imagine, in the midst of a flow of pleasing talk at some social gather ing in the better status of middle-class life, questions and answers such as the follow ing: 'I say, Delaney, what's become of your sister — I haven't Been her about at all lately. ?' 'Oh, no; she can't get out often now; she's just taken a place aa 'general' down in Wooloomooloo.' Or again: 'Where's Miss Davenport nowadays ?' 'Oh, she's cook now down at O'Shannes sey's !' . According to woman's knowledge of men, with their varying prides, vanities, re spects and interests, Miss Delaney and Miss Davenport would be summarily 'dropped' and 'forgotten.' However, thatjs not the question at issue. All work is honorable (unless of immoral tendency), and if honor ably performed, domestic service in other people's homes inclusive; but the question raised in its general application is con cerned with fitness, suitability, and advisa bility. There are plenty 'domestics' by nature and limitation of capability, without overfilling tho ranks with those more suited to other callings. . Oue would not dream of advising a' number of young men of more or less refined and educated up-bringing to turn corporation men, stonemasons, brickmakers, miners, &c.;, &c.; All these are honorable trades, and afford honorable work upon necessary lines, and there are plenty to fill these ranks with capable men. But there are m'any other callings more suited to thos.e of possibly less robust physique, better education, and more de veloped mental capabilities. And the same holds good when applied to girls and women. Altogether, for my part, I don't at all profess to know what the world is coming to. There certainly does not seem enough wqrk for all desiring to do their part to be supplied with it, and though my sym pathy is by no means lacking for the men who cannot get anything to do, or who may be retrenched to make room for others to step into their places, I can't forget the girls, and wonder what is to be done with them. Forced inaction with not any de finite work must certainly develop their worst and not their best elements, and, therefore, those who range themselves against their obtaining work to do upon le gitimate lines have certainly no humani tarian touch. Taken from the standpoint of the experience of a very large proportion of our fellows, the world is a very complex affair, and all who have not been fortunate enough to come by some of the gifts the gods have sent, are obliged to jog and jostle along as best they can, whether they be men or women, so that it Is no use accusing one sex of pushing the other out of a living when both have to struggle their utmost to get some ordinary footing upon life's dusty l highway. — RATIONAL. The cynic says: 'When a man's love grows cold, his wife can usually be depend ed up.ou to make it hot for him.' Mrs. Younghusband: 'I want some Iamb.' Butcher: 'Forequarter of lamb, ma'am ?' Mrs. Younghusband: 'Well, no; I think three-quarters will be enough.' 'And now, children,' said the teacher, who had been talking about military forti fications, 'can any of you tell me what is a buttress ?' 'Please, ma'am,' cried little Willie, snapping his fingers, 'it's a nanny-goat !' Wife: 'Is Mr. Grigson a good story teller ?' . Husband: 'Fine ! He has been married eight years, and his wife believes every- j thing he says.' ~ 1 We are told that whisky connoisseurs al ways go for Buchanan's House of Commons Whisky when they can get it.* 