j WHAT DIVERS SEE I had been a bov in tho British Navy said Andrew Cameron to a writer in the 'Chicago Intcr-Occan,' but at the age of 18 (the pro scribed.age) I took tho position , of torpedo diVor. ' My first real diving experience was off Trincomalee, Isle of Ceylon. Tho mail boat Hankow had capsized, and all hands on board wero drowned. ,i The daughter of the Governor of that island had been to England, and was going home on this ship. I was at Singapore at tho time, and was Bent for by Admiral Ryder, to recover tho mailB and bring the bodies bacs. When I had got up about everything, and all tho luggage and bodies I could find I was informed that the Gover nor's daughiui- was still missing. At last 1 found hoi in a small state-room, where slio had been sitting with her uutchel in her hand, ready to go ashore. I had no thought of finding anyone in the room, as the ports were shut, whereas all tho rcBt of tho ports wero open. .Upon ontcring.thc door, a strong circulating current was caused,, and in an instant tlie llfc-litte body rose at me with a bound. Perfectly dazed, I finally camo to tho surface. When they saw me the men cried: ' Scotty has seen a ghost.' When I recovered a littlo bit, I said: ' You had better go down yourself and find the ghoBt.' Then they told me that my hair was white, and I wont to a glass and saw my hair, which' had- been very black, had in stantly changed and was half white. I was tho, only diver there, so that as soon as I was able I went down and brought up the body. , My second diving-operation was off the Isle of \Vight. H.M.S. Eurydicc sank and 500 boys and men wero drowned, only two men having escaped. Your humble servant being at Portsmouth at the time, I was telegraphed to go down and get the bodies,' 'etc. I pro ceeded with the work, raising them by means of a heavy ease, with iron binding. The work was at a depth of twenty fathoms, .and tlie sight of the hatchways leading down to the main deck jammed with the- men, as they had rushed together to get up, was tho vilest I have ever seen. It was necessary to soparato tliom ono by one. and pass them to my mate. The work had to bo done carefully,' as they would slip away if merely touched. We found men sitting at a table actually writing letters to folks at home. One of my experiences aboard the Pone lope was at Alexandria. The Council sent word to Admiral Hornby that there were torpedoes arranged to destroy the fleet. One Thursday afternoon tho signal went up for divers to look for torpedoes, this being at the time of tho bombardment of Alexandria. I went down under fire, and it appeared that I was the only man who reached the bottom. 1 tounu a Whitehead torpedo, the most dangerous kind, with fuse attached. 1 did not know what minute it might go olf, but without hesitation I cut the wire with pincers. For ' this act I was awarded a pension for life.- My term of service having expired I returned to Bathgate, and went to work in a coal pit. Shortly after 1 received a telegram to pro-, ceed to Boncss, Scotland, and go down k pit and open a trap door in a.coal-niiue, where eight persons wero hemmed in by u torrent of water. Before going down I had to get diving gear. I could not get a good -lres&, but as there were lives at stake. I went at u great risk. I got within thirty yards of the victims and cut away at tho door, but I was in absolute darkness, and the rushing water drew me away. I then managed to tie myself to a post with the lifo-line, and proceeded. This flood was caused by tho water from an old mine near by finding its way to the new one. The boy stationed at the trap;door where the tubes are raised had gone to sleep, and the miners, working up an inclined abaft, were not warned of the oncoming flood. As the shaft filled tho men wero cut off from tho main shaft, as they could not get over the hutches, the road being very narrow. After going up for a spell, I returned, to find one of the men sitting near a glimmer ing light, and a boy crying. As I approached they both ran back, thinking I waB a devil, although I tried to motion to them. I found a spike- nail, and going all tho way out of tlie water, I removed my mouthpiece. This was rathor dangerous, as my guide might have drawn me into the water. When I got it off and talked, to them, tlioy wanted to know what day it was, as tlioy had been tliroo days without food. 1 then went to the top of tho pit and took food to them in a tin can. I opened it with my diving-knife, and gave tho men a share. There wero hundreds of people at the pit waiting for tho good word, and I think thq first manly thing I over did was to bring this littlo boy on my shoulder thirty yardB through the darkness and water and send him to his mother, where a Dr. Kirk took him in hand. By thiB time tlio water had abated considerably, and I succeeded in get ting all hands out. In three hours more the wator would have filled the shaft where tho men were located. \ My greatest feat, which made me the world's record diver, was at .Loch Craig, Inverness-, shire, Scotland. It waB where tho embank menthad given way, a coincidence similar to the recent wreck on tho New York Central Railroad. The heavy supply of rain caused t|i9'pmbankment to subsido about six inches, and tlie rails being off the level, the embank ment- gave way and the engine left the' rails and tipped into the water. It was a mineral train, and only the en gine went over, ob tho coupling yielded. Drivers failed td go down, as it was 200 feet; I was called from- a place called Dole Bay, where I was working for the Northern Lake -Company. I proceeded at once to search for tho two bodies; being a Government cer tificate man I had to go, I found I would need longer, diving tackle. I had but two 60ft. lengths. When 1 had got more tubing I went down with the three lengths, and landed a short .distance from the engine at the bottom. I fitted up two iron railway chairs, wliieh I used in making the descent. I sank them to the ' bottom on a coil of twenty-seven rope, and I had to go up and down it like a monkey. .On my first actual descent I lauded on the funnel of .the engine. 1 climbed down, and found tho engineer standing with his hand clinched on the throttle valve. The fireman was standing with such a death-grip upon the hand-break that I found it difficult to get him ,away. I made them fast to the-line I .had with me, and ascended. I reckon I was down' thirty minutes. The weight of the diving dress is no small item in the work, the actual weight being 180 pounds to carry about, including 28 pounds on each foot. When I cunie up I was' bleeding at the nose, ears, and mouth, lis tho pressure on my body was 84 pounds to tho square inch, in addition to tlfti outer pressure of tho water on my body. - 