The Lily of Miordaunt. SMiurs Gi. ~lE0LeO. Sat'.rees of "The Moaked Brldal, " The Maglo Oameo," &e.;) CUA-PTER XXVIII. ADDINO INOULT TO INJURY. Philip was amazedl LadyElhulno had almost given him the cut (Irreet. She had been so graciousmt.hmn ofa late, so kind and oven afymnatheotro in ier manner, thovt he had bogua to. aope that thee and patience wauld yet awanrd. Irmai tie plrzo no so coveted. Iao ha consurted an emtinent and not over-serupulous brother lawyer-laid his ae boeortr t him, and learned that it would not be a very: dilienult catter.l oabtlun a divoreo fromt. Arloy, ant with out aury unpleotaan puhibcity, too; 'h?aeaolrrwdq n he intendeo L to nko thie • mosa of IIs oppoertunitrc, rurd cultavato the favour of the beautalul and wealthy Countess 1 Heordainnt. Stut nowe, just as he hail every rea soh, as hie rtrought, to behlve that hiro weeryg-wacs progrousilngnvaourbly, stre haftulirdolrdy .benoatu ltko an ieebbc- to Lo sEtood laooking alter her. as sho swept up the granoa stirceao, lark dra. ariy. pictured, upoi his face, a?d a foel ig areatb'of sulfocatuon in this throat., iom restolvd, hoiemper, to sift the mate ta forthwith, mid as aoon astor their Sd tnor thiour as he thouglt it weonld do, bie prosenter aiseolfat a the canutilfons' epanour ioeor .. .. Lady h arnilton Wis there .lone, Sir' Antloey flaving lingered in the amok ridg-roam belowr altlr dinner, and sho received him with her usual graoiou hoaspitiltty. . . . Itro lorg' he hucceeded in cogagirig her in her tavounto gamo-ohe-cu--a prepared to mke-w long stiege of it, iorg ihe iuroe doratnineda to have an In tervriwrs withl Lody arnuo before he let, .if possible. Ito Ilad retlr?d" to her own chambe? imlnndoritoly ofter dlinor to write some htters, and to record in her diarey the ilnportait lacta lfio bsha had thati atteranoo gleaned "from Jano Collins. $6 teho kiew nothing of Phii' ll'visit, and ram ontiroly urtcaonsoions oa the an eamfortnhileo tsteof rnrest and nervous eopotatlron irn Irhieh he at watohig the door leading to her-room, hopigs every moment to sea it open, nod its lair oceupant, come 1orth. oie played with Laoy linmilten, until Wshe gro' so sleepy tiont site nodded over the game, frequsoently matgll mistakes in her moves, but Io pro:ongod it by every devire he could thn k of,. stub bornly r tesolved not 1 rteinruoah his purpose. - Lady Elaine at lust- made oher ap pelraolneac, rind bis fhre cleared instantly. She stopped upon tie tlreshold, and seemed halft telrpted to rtetreat wen she saw tit, then, appoaring to change holrmind, r so cameo tornr and oseated Iorself before the glowing grato, abut merely recognis-ing birs by a grave bend of her fair OHead. i dc cNoiv, witah a o yow uick, deisiv movea, Philip biought a knight, bishoap nod pluwn to bear upon Lady o amit tan's king, and, an- immediate "check lato" worase tho result '1 am -very stupid to-night, .1 fear, Mr. I'ixton,' his opponent smilingly altimem, as sho 'beganr to llrraoge tire men in thoir beautrli, isinald boo. '1 Itbirk red, shall have to. poatpono--tlro \- 'rubber' until another evening.. T won der," she added, "whero Sir Anthony is rt tills boui--he seldom goes out after diuner.'" Sire arese, and, going to awindowe, looked out upon tho street, but a, moment after her maid came into the ream to ask her some question, nnd then, encusing herself, she retired to her own alsirtment with her. Philip hoaved a sigh of relict as mis fress and mlhid disappeared ; he had soen nothing, scarcely been consaciou of anything, save that quiet figure with its grave, sweet faeo ritting in tire tira light, over sinee Lady toaino entered and now, as the door loased after Lady Hlamilton, he arose abruptly, crossed the spaoe betweenithem, and stood be fore her en the rug. Lady £lnina'e lovely Iace flushed crimson, and thon grow strangely pare at his approach; yet she did not raise her eyis from tio fantastic hashes of light which were playing over tie con smning logs upon the heartil, though a close observer might have seen that little resolute lines were settling about her n?outh; and an ominous flush dicker tug in the blue orbs that ware only half coneealed by their white, golden-fringed lids. "Lady Elahlo," Philip began, witlh that air of proud hunbility wirlsh ire knew so well how to assnrme, while hie bent his dark, magnetic eyes upon ter, "th0 vory atmosphrere is heavy witr crail. eurn, oppressing me with the corviation that I harae done aometting either te annoy or offend you; toll me of what I have bean guilty that I may intone to the oxtent of ory power." She tnrned her grave glanc upoar him-a clear, searching, accusing glanee, that, though ire did not once mnistrust Sher knowledge of Ids perfidty, made his heirt throb with a strange, deirressirg hreaviness. "Tio quoestiont is wrlthor you would be willing to atone if I should toll you," sire idde, slowly snd with a seriousness tlnt saert a cthiil of foreboding crelaing oiong his nerves. "bhl thorn yor have something n ogaiat mel" hie aid, with a fliek, long-drnrwn breath. It wen etrange how Ire seemed to dread inourring her din pleasure. "Yea, I have somot-hiug against you," she repeated, no slowly as before, and still kheping her grave, sweet eyes upeon ids foco. iris t a ilols it waol it fillcdt him witl a mysterious pain. Ito tei& nemothing as a. spirit of evil muml fool in the pre sence of the asgel of light. "'Vhat have I donoP' hie ilemandmi, in i thick, husky voice, "tell mel I mun riot aiduro this suspeisse" no onoe'ould be more sorry than I ant to'offond you, though I am 'ignoraint of any sin, and there in reo atonenlent that, I will not make; try lro, randseo--thoroin nothing that I wonld iot do for you, Lady ]iiao." Agapin a balitutiful ush crimrsoned her whole face, hut she straightened liar self slightly irs her chair; thorn was sorirething in Iris loek riad in tlie em phasis whrich hie hurd employed tiat offleaed lier. But, aside from itrat slight change of position, silo gsve ni sign that his ri-vls hid auroel he" ius the least. After o troment of thought, site rr - p~lied . "If 1 thtirigtt that you rrlly swould intone--it'I oruh lieleveo it, it svoild change irry opirnion Of you grertly." "Coin yon nut blelieve itP" he crieda, ot drlk hasllh riuonsillg to Iria brov rt tile race of repeeot swhichl ]lr words seemeld to iin)ply, wshile he Irrireno greaitly e tited. 'i told yonti tr, t ei- list' will re tin severe tIi, rrove nly sill verity, T--" Ito hesitatrd it il entrrie, tire,, ritri ii geotirur is if lie nn "ll.ivvrivt, to desli',rn=i licr,, nLc if Ira ilrlrt Ilr e'tery larrieru arrd leaIni hlila tIte, lie toorl ia tepli fir rard, rind seell' oil, lrr s1ioreietely: "I rUlrriri, tkeli r lilent lrlly loiirv--I Imuat opoekh--iive yoo reint sacn, Iritly Eloiur, wrlish . cplstioe I hrer becomuo how I caaeot kehp mlaay fromt you? (an you nout see horw all tie old ptlssion, whaichl I oe betrayed to you, hIs rc riced? o, thact word I sbould oot use, ar it aies neor wnoed, though, wtiou I found that, you loed sioother, I otrore to ruclh it outt of wiy thcrt but it wrs of no uts, ond low I lvoe 1 idoliso you a hundred fold-you have bhcomo the one hope of my life, eord thlough I may he proruturoe in tillos d clumtion, yet tile thought of your dio pleasure, the f uear tat I have offended you, hasu driven mo to it and forced it from my lips. Oh, my belovod, will you doubt now that I will stand any toest Try mo lad see; but pray give me a crumb of comfortto feed upon, und I wtill try to be content with cont evere probation you may see fit to put to me oi. Toll me tlat I imy hrope for .your love, und yon will give moe aoin oautivo thatr wtill mako ne courugous to nscale the loftiesta heights, or dig to the lorest deptihs for treasures to ity atyouur feet." SWhat an aotor he would 'hare roandl wlhat poworl he hud. over himself to be able to thus ttroe into is every wrord, look, aur gesture, souch eloquenoo aual pathos, such gussioun and seeming sin eerity. , . Hnd niot Lady -EluLno known hey,.nu a'douhtlhbvhbaoly~tyrooc horoun ,id un principled lo had beon- if .the facts to which she haed listoned had come tir her only as lloating rumours, intteon of hbeing related by on eye-witnuss, h umight have deceived her, hoe might hue wori something of srmpthy fur ohis uu-n turtsunto puasion-somntliug of com toisseration for its hlopolahoness. As it was, she knhow that oery aord he' had uttoncd nso'as false as the vora triich. ho had pohet to Arloey when ti had rwot her trusting heart. ho roead him like to pnrintod page, und she know uor that 'insta of oxpormn ag any r oeal l neetlou for her, he was now, as before, ruply esooing to' obtanin a lortunoo to grtfy lain uimition tur posi tioni and lis love aof ease, thile shotnus to h be u the steppog-stouo by wohioll he hopod to secoure it. Sho arosue andstood boforo him, pale as saute, aud looking, in her maug mourning robes, like sone itoc of benu titul statuary draped ii bheek. ihe raired her nead anth a haughty air, and. tookebl straight into the eyes of the man before her, her o?n fuirly glitering with the "corn oad tindigoe thia wehiCh qnaered throlugh Oery atre of her being.' - "?Eoanvon I haow btat ful she is," thought ithilip _Ptxton, as ha 'gazed upon her; but he looked and treo biod. "I am afraid, sir, that I canote find wbrrans tritlr whiehl to andror you properly," T he began, t I t oar, ol toun witicl ontuatoy madla umr slairor. "fI do oet bolovo there is a language spoken which eoutntas words alnttiouly 1neal to exprese what I wolaid like to soLy to-you. One wtals seuppose tlant i sense or dolleacty would laro.preentedt yeou frou nattrnding such proatesltatiosi upoel ono who n s oo'6waig as you ortnst know I sorror. I havre -unot forgotten hor you spoke iii to he rm way t romo onoh before, nor thle spirit rhicla you maifeshe upos n my roetusal of yourepro pous.- . bore trmtlh you then, hut tnow I harF ito ptienco writh you. If your heart, th dll its ptrposou and schemes, coUtld bhe potograpnthlned, what ad yeou upposto it weould he like, liilip l'astoi ? ntero eis your honeto, your trnth, your manhood Do you ovrer ask- yoursolt rhatyautroro made foer ' What Ieoruen gaveo you atl i omorti soul for? Vas at that- you might abuse it, mar nod disfiguro it until ino trace ofl.tho divine unture should romos, rpen- it, antI wfen at wetat back to.its Maker itr would be unreeogiosbloe, and only fit to cast late "'outer darkuhes o' - " "Low caruld you dare," she went on, aeemtlng almot toto roer above hil Ino her righteous wrath, "to cbtme to no tis eveniug and say owhiat you have toid to meT I wonder lthat the words atld niot parlyso yeour tongue its yoe ut teredt them: Lou ask with such an in ;ured, innocent air what you have don to otoffend me. What have you nou done? All your treachery ol the paut yer has beeon revealed to me, and you :eem so little, and meno, end ignobt to me that could almost trample upon you. That is not right, I koir, fur you are oeuo of ied's creatures, and it lo sees fit to lot you- live among re spoctahle people I baivo no right to uotuotion tls wisdom ; hut my patience tid charity have ibeen sadly toed by what I have learned t-day "h f your treatment of my dearest friend. You won her, a noble, trusting girl --a girt e tirue aand upright, so soiutrely ooa cious hy imteur, that she preferred to euduroe aey amont of pursantl humulin tion and self-denial rather than he guilty of a wrong toward angyouo, or comlmit a meam or unrorthy act. She became your wifre, beiorving that yon lored her, and would fulfil to the leotter the vows which you spoke so solemnly when you stood by her side beforo the aitir. But how htve you kept those tiroiuisoso You took her away from friencsd from her home anod tauntry; you dragged ier to a foreign city, twhere among those utmost barbarous proplae, shoI Otust have been moro dma' lato thou language can decrthbo; whilu your treatmentt of her drove her to desperation- drove her to the nocessity of aorking to paty for the bread wridLh she ale, and tar the roof which ahel tered herl Atad thena, wrhen she hodworo herself out, wlsen heart and ntuare both failed her, end tshe lty sick, week after wehk--somo of thu time alumost unto dathnt--you iever weent to her a oslsneo; you irneer exerted yourself to 0e0 that, abe had proper rare or tat tondaneo or the-comforts whirh, in her helplessness, she needed." "Great hoeacosl hmr do you khiow- wrte has -told you this'lt burst tram ithlt Pnoton'n whito lips, whito ho stood staring almost wildly at the girl before him, great drops of cold pera piratlon beading his forehead. "Ita does not oignify how I know it," Lady Elaino roturned, with curling lit's; "you porocivo that d io know it." "Han Arrley written to youe? Ifvo you heard from her?" hle intemstod, feeling oure that; site coult never bmvo learned so inuola from sny other sotaree. "No, Arley tias not wrt-totn onie word -she lram boets heroically sileit tlhroaghi ont all heF.trublo. I think tiot even Miiss M~c, lister toistrusts the terrible ordeal to which you have subhocted the dear laild whom she loved so foudly, nuid to whom sate would have ttown oni the srintgs of lovoa'lta she eveta dreaumed of what she was suffering. I would hava -guo to her-tnothing should Ilmvo kept ate from her-had I knowrit. Philip Pan tot,, if Arly ahd died taileu she was so aiek them in Miadrid, yost would haro beon-eor inurdororl" "Don't," lie cried, inLttuitg out his lantl wmith an mapperlaing gesture, while ia shrolder of rolenlsiota rnt aeer Idm at tihe sound of tihat .titrliog wtrd. Htauldiug there iua Lady Ehtuieo'e plao prosec rhilo lier craltlaitg tworda rained, liko dant, titith'altoues fist aintd thirtl atlona hiln, tie lirgat, to, co hiatu' sclf ,Outeltlitig aits site stawa tuit while tah i son ind roittentplt atitcht percitcitd htr every wcord tutudg geistotrt actually tunucttlt Im ferlhiin tt tttc ich. "Don't," site rcitrtatd, awith iucih stilngl ,?trc;u~,m thlti ]un ,irio'tcil ta it sehdsrchints= chritij tlew. "Is it titthitle thtu tifta'r tlciiig uiril your cvif , ltihoartltsily- iattl r rr-ishicti tier nIIItiteitd 11tilt"1 ]Ior t io lfortligi, "oull col shtrinkl like Itia frout tile tltcre tientton of thom i' "How will you anaswer, I'hilip l'pa lSoU," ho contillul. lii bttern, ulcnsillg aoseilts, 'for the lifo that you IloRe rainedl--for the love that you have corned inl trampled upon ous 0 iitiin of no valuoP If you hEouls go iiitn elerrity to-night auid tie questions were put to you -'WLero is your wifc- woere is the truc-hearted woman,, who trusted Iherself to your kcoping-i-hor hlavie yo fulfilled yiioe solemn roocoa to lore. cherish, and protect her?' what could you say for yoursolfi '"Nay," oe rried, as lie appeered aboun to defend himself "I will listet to mii nmro falshoolds from you; you cas hlvre nothing to offer iii rxtoiio lion of your coiduct. I knos eotogh to braud yuh a0 a traitor to yoar pliglted row-o-s a cowrard. ton wotk ollt mean tio face disuppaintment imil odvorsity for tho woinnm who loved him; and as a villian, too heartliess to obe tolerated by anyone who lie 'ln atoilr of'sOlf-rOspeCt. ThosO urn short' aontoitos, t knoTrw(-no she onor leo oyelids quiver and his lips twitch "bub you deserve them-you ineed the lash--thu goad to erouse you to a sonson of your wiekclnea. Thu pitiful liesuyu hivo told me regarding Arley levoing yois-of her ippoiuatieuto with notother, ald the aioney she reoeieod from Ieii, aronll~explained, nod Ideuibt ast. thtt the Englishman whom you with such protoinded rigtlo w rlatlh; unmed ias her ohumpion,' oas some noble mon wuho, pitying .her hClplooiiaeos, offered her his protetion, and w-ill shoir her ocery respect whichl a pure woman should conimaoid. If you horn-woron this tangled, misarabloe wob around ler for the purpose of obtaning tho divorco of which you have bousted to me, you have truly achioreved a deor worthy of a hero, ous murlh comfort may yod dorirc front it. Woro I iu Arloy'a place i1 should consider ibh aihappy release, but," and for the first time during all her doeunciations an angry liash swept over Lady llaine's. faco and gleamest in her eyes, while she drew her perfect form haughtily erect, "thab you should aup plomont such iun ont with wrordn of love and proposals of marriago to me, is a measure too iuntemptible for words to express. Do you suppose that I have the sligltest faith in your. protesta tioasP 'No; your heart is.too calloused, your nature too narrow to admit ofyonur loving anyone but yourself, your onre pleasure and ease. Money and position are the height of your ambitiog. You failed in securing tholr with Arloy, os you expected, and so you.sacnrrificed.her without a compunotion of conscience, employing the meanest of stnrat'egy and villainy to free ycuuelf from her, and now yeou may me to moe, hoping, no doubt, to secure another glittering prize. What an oxhaustless amouot of1 self-conceib yon must possess. If you could be made to regard your actions as any puiro-miuded person would ro gorit thole, hos you would shrinlk with horror and disgust front yourself. Why could you not ohave been a luan, Philip 'Paton, aed worthy of a berect, true waiiuntii like Arloy Woiitworthi" Hie stood before her, abashed nt last, his head bowed upon Idis crhest, his rimus folded so tiglhtly across it that his every breath woa laboured, whilo his face, oveni to his lips, was as colourless is tids shirt- bosom. lpow Lady Elaine eooul hae h neenu ponsessesl of thi focts owhuiidhshehurlcd at him switt shich frightful rapidity and truthfulness he could not imaugino; but it wasn very evident that her ihlformont, whoever Ie or sho migllt have been, was eell posted iipon all the eireiimotnauern of Ah~y'u trouble, ;nd lie sawl that anl his baseness was revealed. Tho-"liilsh" of lier' rorrowful toaiuue, thu " Igonh" of her, contempt had sloeked his oinscinceo into sontthting like life at hust,-had toni nawiy tihe ousk fromn his sold, malking hiui see hliiiioelf as she saw him. Her saroasms, her coilteiiptp and for ciblo denmeiiiatol, togethller witl tlhat Iluat appeal to his "u ianiood, had stripped him of oil his urrogance. rem evoling the rogs and filtiuess of his naturoe in all their repulsirenoss, .until, curried out and hcyond himself for tho moment, he seemed to be looking diwn upon a wrotch too vile and mean to be allowed a plaem among men. I have heen nsadl" he muttorcd, uu dor his breath, bht Lady Elaine heard him. "You hove been wirked," she re turned, relentlessly. "I did beliero, when I first met you at Hunzelmore, that there sias a noble manhood within you, for the stnalp of it seemed to rest upon your face; bht, how deceitful appear ancesu nre has hen proved by your on duet oinoo. AhI" waith a regretful suigh, "is it not a pity tlmt a soul should be come so warped and.defiled? Why will mankind go so wrong, when the right way-orven though dilliculties seem to hedge us about--is always the betteur Philip lifted his head cagerly, aind seemeiol about to reply as situ censed; then a deep flusho tuffused Idas whole face, and lie dropped agnia into his former position. Something in his look made Lady Elaino think that. his better nature had been arioused at last, and a foeeling of pity began to crowd somB df the bit terness out of her heart. t"Why lunot you do right, Mmr. Pox tosi? why will ou nuot try to atono,?' she pleadedl, in a softenoed tone; but he interrupted her with atn almost despair ing getuare. . "It is too late for that,"lho said, bit t, 'fear it ls;" oliu anuereud, sadly. 'I belinvo if 1 sors in Arlcy's pioc, I sblitdd feql that there ooild he no atonelmnont, iud of conrse, if you do not lava tier-1 o--- loohe 1''i "Who 'sys I do not love herC" he intorrupted again, and almost lioreoly; and Lady Elaineo was dumb from won der at his swords. " "I do not wonlder tlolt you look an tonilahed," he sent? on, half defiant, hailf ashamed;: "but if an r-il ,pirit liall niot possessed me, I never snlsuld'lavru lived the lifo which I have during theu Iast twelvo months. Bub Iny game is up, and I might as well'nmake aII cleau brest of it; all I lhave rwon for miy folly and aiii is yoer cuilteeiptl onst asvcrsioi aond the loas of iiy wrife's love andt repect. It cannot aldd to miy hlnidliation to tell you that I Iloo been uraused by leing told that I must i not aspire to your lhand, while I had sweorn to myself tlinat I would he a rich inid proe,.peruon imn at any mot, aiiid that f wouild inarry the richest womani I coldd fiund to ahielvo my object. "You may earl your lips, Lady Elnsli," h weint sl, flhising againi it tier inrvolunttary sut. 1I desero' it, liit? I tell you I hlave beeon ,ilad. I failed ii ny elforto to rwij you, and then I tirurnd to Arley as tlio uext siost teumptimig l'rite. I owus hionutisht'eiotigh is telliing hlir that. I lored her, for she was iriglit ind beautiful, ntid uttmslated me as no other woman had over doue, nidl, when I fomil that your fortlino was heyolnlt my reach,s my wholo hiart sas sot ipoil wuinlnine hr. Hnd shue Mo, tested tim WVeintwortli'n lnclu aind kept her fortune, we might have been hapuy in eoch othler to this day, Dut ash woul,? niot kLhel it, and ilay cursed avri scmutl wilfnliies. so y lutolornico of bilig talrrted lior hroii isy ruldn;" Io pausedi a momunto, and Lay Elaino saw that his fico wsn as fixed and stoluny aniu tlhat of a statue. PIresently hle resimned: "I dlid not, lhowever, iexpec to be bhroghlt up in mily c?aueor witlh sumlh i round tiurn as yonu hlav giveon lo tti iighlt. Thlro wasr, I belitavu, nd an you liave said, bomethilg of onalood within meo once: hut wheloher the gorn relaiills, and will ever thrive, I llppose only timno will show. Certainly, iln my Ipresont nmood 1 cin neitlher lforl reso lutiolu nor lnako Iromises. Iegarding my premumption and folly to-oight in 'o noev,-ig mhy olfcsico'proyoals, Ia fear it. would only be oddiog iosult to injury,; aad you would fooeel ovel nlore ou teiopt for.me thanu you have already manifested, if I shoold cxprcss regret and, ask your plaol. Tie qlestioi would natorully arise whother 1 0a0 moot sorry for my oiii, or for hariug boon dotette ill it. ·l1t, yon hoon read ome I bitter lesson; you hnvoo told mno wholoome, tllhough IunocOun. truth?, andl have oroused ay nlmost, torpid con eieluo ato lalst. PeIrhapssolno tnhle- for I Imow you hao a teuldor hleort- if I nn able to prove ti you that I am truly rpountnnt, t0ol will not thenu sorn to ny thE t yo Tiorgirve mle. Till then, Lady Elaime, idicu." CtlhPTEIt XXIX. A DAFFLED MAN. \With those lost oword, 'Philig made a low aboienuce, and was gone (ro00 the room alotot before Lady Elaine could collect her secltt red, ustoolishd eoasnes; B -.ahliO oohite/ ngonisli-- flce, 4.ilO" trtemblhhi8g. lflit Lips, his souppressol tones, nod the conrolove henviolg of his chest, haunted her the whole (light through. -. Sho oould not sleep1, but laiy (Obsig restlessly upon her Iillow hour after hour. Sllu replroached herself tover Ond over again for the lharsh and scoruaul lan gouagyo whil slohe bid used to him, and ilb condemned, for laingo manifested so muelh avorsieon and so little Christian elority. ow " ut, aw.hen she reviewed all Arley's sad story, sheo could nob feel that any thing,' howover severe, was too bad to say to the anlthor of her osiorcy. Hl dosorcost to hn deeply hmulilinted, if it was possilblo for him to experience alny such feoliog. His treatmeuont of Arlcy had boen too shameful, too Ilalrtless and reprehen siblu to be ever forgiven; yet, theor had been one rudcemable thirllg, his con. fmaioon of his lovo for her. And still wlhat borb of love cotdd it be that coulld neglec iland ignore a sick and almost dyiog wifle-tlut could turn a cold shoulder lrd n deaf ear to her every need and appeil, leaving lher to the quoestionablo merry of strangeru in a foreign onooutry. She was beset lnd harassed willth con flictinog umotions--frt nwith: pity and sorrow for his oridently awakenedl and omarting consoience, tohn with Ilot in dignation and sorrn for wrhot he had dono. Tho nexb morlling she told Lady I-aimilton, that bioe ilus goiilg on a littlo t lep olt of Loudon tlhat sho should tako her maid, and be gone a eouple of dya,p perlhps longer.. Ildy asonilton uctioelled her os to the object of lier journey, anld she evasively repliedl that it was something in connection witl Janol Collins. She took. the afternoon tnll for Portmoullth, that famous selport town, 0which is tlhe hon0e of so many captaius •?nd hde Ihol follow the l on e uo. Slio feared that ib might be hut a "wild-gooso chase" that she was bout upot , and she wa hollmewbat oppressed with the weight ofther mission; but she felt that it was0 one of vital impeortane, ond she had resoleed to lelvo no stono mnturned until she had accomplilshed it, or the hope of it aeeomalplishment should be. utterly blnoted. Sle wa o it searck of the cuptlin of thot vesoel--tho Blaek Swan, Jianu Col lins told her waos the (0ame of i-bwhich had picked up tlot (nhbllpy father nod mother so inny yeilrm aigo, lfter being wrecked on their return froni Ildi, and 110 (night prove--it n?as barely possible -to ho Arley's parents. Slhe took a room in oune of thle hotels upoln arriving at Portomoutll, and after a foew hours' rest, set diligouently about her inqmuiries. She 0a1 (UoreC tuCCtofid thont Sac dared to hopteo h shuld be, for suhe found that Captahl Conway--thio former commanuder of the Black Smn-wans woll known, sOlc his homo had bhorn in that city for many years. IHTe wa old nod ilfargo 005, she seu told, aud had given up a senfdring lifo' and suttledot don inI hIs cosy 10omo to peond the remainder of ida days with his good wife and childrenm. Lady Elaiuio's object in coming to him wasn to learn, if possible, the uamo of the coilplu wlhon he hlod ressatd, and also thue sioae of the vcessl on which they had aliled fromInrdi; and hrinn g obainlLd bin laddress she droro directly to lhla house. " Sho was told (poll her arrival that tho old onilor wis quite sohi, hat. unmn sending word to Ilin whatb the nature of her errand was, he said he sould gladly soo hlier and roeate to her all that he knoe rognrdding the sad eir?on stanoes to wlhioh 1so referred. She becaimo quito nervous and e eitedl wohilo the scranut sias denoueting her to Isa ehnmber-shu oad hoped so muchl frol1 lids illterview, and now she beol Iu fear leost it should anotmt; to notlolog. Wo may not go with her into thlat sick chamber, for en eoannob kouse, just yet, the natu;'o of the oonforuace woseh followed; hut liwen the' fair Iady of MIuordaun anlme forth ugsin, her lovely facen was fluhed and her eyes swollen witll seeping, and yet, there 010 o sumIbo of ineffable tenderloeo Illid happinesn sreathing her sweot lips. As she took hler seat in the enrriage to he driven awaiy, another lhurst Of tears overover l hier, lntt it soon iassed, niod she looked like seone lonely goeor refrshlld after In sho'er. "Arley, Arley oy darliog, if overy thing lprooe to be a1 I hareu reason to hope, and if I rain onlly fiod you," shIo murmured in such is tender, yearning voico, "you nreed li Iumncles un longer; and, ohl lion glod I nun that I can bo tie one to Iriang these blessed tidings to you." .ftor leaviog Lidy Ehlnoe, t'ilip P'utou5 rushled (oilnlIy frOtl te o , n0ll0l, hustenilg to hi I oldgibgs, huried himilself in his onyu roo(l0 . Throwing hilsellf liroe uponi his bd, just as he nisl, lie speot, the siight in: l~U ilgoly of rrieorsi?, sur its a hllor oungldy awlike1rtql guilty ronlscienlle it alo0(e capablbe of, lid in lie aftcr-oard onlfolsed,-"iln lting Ilimself withl all his a might." 3oroning foulod lhh1 wnildilll lnggord, but wills i better light in his eye thand bond shono there for niily is lon0g lousth. oI liln y mpInalohd ur ((ly hooll e all oneP" ho grnonledo, as lIon rose autl looked atb imsolf in tle glos, and haon doredl if it mouldl bo posshile thab .h ?ra the sa(o heing tliot lie ohat ,eeon t~wo yenrs before, nolwen, with is light heartn and i clelr con(sciece, lo limd worled frlo nl oruing tilt niglht, his elof oil0 bhilg tou build u a I ,raotiero oPwhihlte sho oulld he prond, and10 to he alehoto say in fottlru years. as lie looked back froom (u )gh position il tIle world "Sce towlhirot I ihave littllined' by noy owzn efforts and n((y illntgrity' ' hlut'lIoW he olad bean tempted, loud to wht (lopltlls ]lad Ino filenl "Prido e(t[ pasnsion(, evil thlooghto (550 wnorlgdoilg liaii' left tlhelr full iluprcsm nlls011 lh1, n1nnd t111 better (ltolre wehioi 1l((l bheelo stirnlt re itwillu hilnl Ishrlmk frolo tleo: foce hllichl lioored fortll ngon Ilbo. li • sine iH'ow. I hloorlloled olud denield nly hoofl" hu ptOnlsll; "CnU I over beC conn a good auoiagaini s? ctaunnIncr hope for pard oa--I isn n ors lops, for lmoppineso nguia. But,. oh, if I olght but bridgo over the slough ini which I hoao wallowed, pass to the other side id begin snow--if ther is uoyy other side for sie," ho added, wearily. "What a fool I have bc n!t" he con tiiined, firucly, us, with clenched hnnds und a stern, set, faceu, he psced the roosn back and forth, lile soie cnroged sild beast; 'ihow s'h mmst dopie me -how ier very tones run- with con tempt aod iaversion[ I wonder if the tosm'lutS of tine Isot esis hoe lny worsO thotu tiaet I suffered lust night, us I stood hoeforo that pure au bhiutiful icodua, feeling yseolf to he like some idesotsly deformed wretoh, soilted blnckeued ind . defiled through ad througt." "Aulouy Arleyl" he suddenly cried out, ill in inteonse, relnorseful tone; 'how could I over have boa such aoses I kous nios swht I hove loot. L htiite known it oil oloan, hut I have heen most, woild, deoninloest, Ahl I shall never, forgot Inow swueetly your voic sounded whulo you stood boSide no in the court-rootn in IMadrid and urgetl le inot to owaots my life thtust' to 'bn thi tros-hberted mon you be lie-ed me to ho whin you first lnoew innu.and bogged mo so canlotly so esonulosIek to Enugland wtitt you. Oh, schy--iwhy wilas fgo bliud unid tnrdenel that I would not hoed you? Bult it is too late noi'. I uhave lost you for evcer, though your gentlo entruttia wuill ring in ony curs as long as I live, Oh, fuol, diot that I have bUn I"I All dnsy long thu srtcheuod iisiu hilt tied nilt hlmiselgf--with the evil spirit, thioe stubborn WRil and pride theOt hud so long ruled himnt with such arbitrary pouer. All disy lung ho swea alter ntey besieged sitih anger at his folly end omorso anit grief over his ruined hre. Hrosing ones agnin resoiicl und no knoorloged hisi lore for Arley, there had come into his heart such a pus sionate longing for her, such a wild, nIsupiring rogret over thu lffectioii slohek Ins hod scorned and trmnpled upon, as bowed thu strong must Inho a reed laid prostrate by sole fiere oels pest. NightL comsiig on igaiu founid him ex hausted, und his scorn-out nilturo Suo umbed to a deep and dreamless slum her, wseln otoopos his senses in grate fui oblivion util far into tis Inurso ot auother dy; r Almost Inkc a ghost of himself look ed Philip Paxton when he at last arose und dressed. lsor moro than thirty six Ihours ho habud not tasted foodt or drilnk, and he wasos weak and truembling as an habitual drunkard who Ihas bte deprived of his accustomed btimulints. sot thnero was a new pstrposs in his Ifce, ,rhieh was grave to sternnesst, .hilo his lips ond eyes were resolute. 1Io wcno to a coffee-house and brook fasted, then to his old dtamber-Gnray's Inn-wlueh huiL been so long deserted. Ife spent tie day in putting themn in order, anit the n.xt morning the Lon don "Tilses" eontnined r notice cmniUng attontion to the.fact that "Philip P'ix ton, uttorney-at-law, huad returnoes from broid, anit was prepared to resunme Iis businoss.!' f That hIe had beea a good lawyer was proved by lds former patrons iat once putrouissng hin, until sithin a werek he hall ample orunk, and tIne idle, shsso lute san. of six months provious was hcndisng erer- energy to the tsk which he. had imposed npon himself. A month after this good beginning uo meight have beoen seen wribng far into the. night, s-hilo his pale fines, eom eorsed tips out truoielbd brow told-tlit s- ens engaged npun no plcsannt work - aud when at lost it woo finished, he thrs- dosn' his peu and lay back in his chuir with a sigh thtn was alnlost o troau, S hnut tie hlid written will be told next woeel. (T' o be ontinued.) 