THE TURF IN NEW SOUTH WALES. SPORTING NOTES AND NOTIONS (By "Eon Dee.") Sydney, September 14. AB the afternoon wore on last Tuesday the attendance at Randwick waxed big- ger and bigger until at last it closely ap- proached the 15,000 present on Derby Day. The "butterflies" of the fair 6ex were again strongly in evidence, another beautiful sunshiny day enabling them to display their lovely spring toilets to the very best advantage. It is many years now since I was first educated to the fact that, in the main, Randwick is a bookmakers' paradise, and although the pliers ot the metallic pencil had un undoubtedly all the worst of the deal against tho punting brigade on. the open- ing day they got it all back, with a con- siderable "something" ta spare on the second. The weigal of money behind i the Epsom Handicap winner sent Au I pier 8.12 out a ? to 2 favourite for the Shorts, of six furlongs, against 14 others, of whom Myosotis, an aged mare, by Metal from Buttercup, with 7.10 on her back, was next in demand at 5 to 1. Bange, 8.0, being at 6's, Auld Lang Syne, 9.3, at 8's, and Ranfurly. 9.8, at 10's. The favourite was last off the mark, Jenny Moore being the first to anticipate the uplifting of the barrier, and cutting out out the running at a'good bat, followed by Ranfurly, Bange, and Myosotis, till Well in the straight. Half way up Bange' and Myosotis swept past her, a good set to between the pair eventuating in Myo- sotis winning cleverly by half a length, a similar distance separating Bange from Ranfurly, with Ampier, Jenny Moore, Latein and Fulminate in close attendance on the Baronet's horse, wallst Auld Lang Syne and Royal King brought un the rear: time, lmin. 15sec. The Spring Maiden Stakes, of eleven furlongs, look- ed such a soft snap for Sagacity (by Pil- grim's progress from Mercy Merrick), 8.4, with Bobby Lewis up, that punters were'called upon to lay odds of 2 to 1 on Die Fouishnm's breeding, whilst a num- ber of the books refrained from opening out on the event at all. After Sagacity, what little wagering was done was divided between the three-year-old Australian Colors (Australian Peer-Col- ors), -7.9, and the four-year-old import- ed colt Simile (by St. Simon from Mimi), 8.7, at 6's. It was Simile's first appear- ance in oubljc in Australia, and the son of St. Simon quickly showed that he pos- sessed the family characteristic of pace by going to the head of affairs and play iñg a game or "follbw-niy-leader " rigb round to the home turn!'Sagacity, wk was last of the half dozen before a doze strides had been taken, not making a foi ward move until the home stretch wa entered upon, when he swept np on th outside and assumed command, lou shouts proclaiming that the race was al over. These shouts threatened to be some what, premature though, as Australia; Colors made a determined rush withii the distance, but unfortunately stumble* badly, the contretemps allowing Sagacity to sail past the post a very comfortable winner oy two lengths, Australian Color being three in advauce of Simile, witl Lord Rudolph, Acumen and Lyddii abreast four lengths farther back still The time--2niin. 2-5Jsec. was remarkably good, seeing that if Lancaster bad car ried on the same trait for another fur long (which he could easily have dom under the circumstances), die mile and < half would have been traversed undei 2mm. 3btsec. Sagacity is evidently nc "smouch, neither is Australian Colors. The Metropolitan Stakes attracted J field of 30 for the first time in its history the previous record, 2Î", being reached ir, 1898 and 1899, when Cravat and Cre- mona carried off the rich prize success- fully. Prior to those years the largest field to start therefor was 25 in 1892 (Althotai's year), the first occasion ir, which the distance was reduced from the old time two miles to a mile and a half. The overnight favourite, Paul Pry, 9.9, held the pride of place in the wagering on the coursé (6 to 1), until wei] on towards the starting hour, Dandy 8.12, ana Cyanide, 7.12, being on equal- ity at a couple of points longer. At the last moment, however, the friends of Dandy went in for a "bleeder," so to speak: and almost before one could distinctly ejaculate "Jack Robinson!" he jumped' from 8 to 4 to 1, at which insanely ßhort price he re- mained right up to the time the two dozen and a half were despatched on their mission. This advance did not affect the position of Paul Pry and Cyanide in the slightest-as a matter of fact the latter became firmer than ever, while af- ter the trio named, 100 to 8 was obtain- able, other contestants to receive exten- sive support being Johansen, 7.11 (12's), Boreas Ll, 7.11 (16s)', Barbarossa, 6.10 Offs), Alix, 6.11 (16's), Tarquin 9.6 (20's), Glenoref6.9 (20's). Blue Metal,8.6.(20's), San Fran, 6.7 (20's), and the "speedy squib,1' St. Clare, 7.6 (25's). whilst voc- iferous snouting' of "100 to 3 Reviver" failed to provoke a rejoinder from the myriad supporters of Mr. W. R. Hall's four-year-old son of Clan Stuart and" Meli ssa for the Epsom Handicap. As in the case of his half brother, Reviver, in 1897-who went out at 25's to I for the Metropolitan (which he won with 8.8 in 2min. 35sec), after suffering defeat (a 3 to 1 favourite in a field of 20 others), in the Epsom Handicap by Robin Hood, 6.9, in lmin. 40lsec.-Reviver proved himself to be partial to an extra half mile, and managed to secure a brilliant victory in the really splendid time of 2min. 36sec. I use the word "brilliant" advisedly. No doubt it was an extreme- ly luoky victory, but leaving the respect- ive eleventh-hour rushes of Tarquin and Cyanide out of the question-seeing that each of these was of truly phenomenal brilliancy-it was a tremendously great j achievement on the part of a young four- I year-old like Reviver to bear 8.2 to the front in tho style le did. With Caulfield Gnp and other big handicap con- tingencies looming large in -ure im- mediate future I may well be excused for devoting some space in this week*« notes to a description of the race as it presented itself to the conjoint optics of Yours truly and the reporter of the Syd- ney "Daily Telegraph.,f At the post War . God and Dandy were nearest the rails, ! while Grosslake, Prince" Carbine, JU Hi, Saraswati and Sapir were on the outside ; Tarquin being about the centre, 'ine first away was Reviver, attended by Par- apet, Glenore and Dandy, Tarquin be- ing among the earliest to start, but be- ing thrown back by some if the quicker oft on the outside cutting clean across just after the start, and as near as a toucher occasioning a general scrimmage. Reviver led past the stand from Saras- wati and Dandy, who had in their im- mediate wake, Melodian, Glenore, St. Clare, and Sapir, the rear being brought up by Paul Pry, Hi Hi, and Tarquin the latter, as in the Spring Stakes, be- ing "absolutely' at this point. Going out of the straight C. Parker steadied Re- viver a bit, and Saraswati dashed to the front. Glenore, Sapir, and Melodian thundering along at his heels, with Re- viver and St. Clare in close attendance, the next pair being Inquirer and War God, the last three being Tarquín, Mal ula, and Prince Carbine. Sweeping past Oxenham's (now one of the Tyson's wh< gave Humphrey 20,000 of "the best" foi the palatial residence), Saraswati was still in front forcing the pace, and ac she bounded along towards the back ol the course she was attended by Melodian and Sapir, together a length away, St. Clare occupying fourth place, with Re- viver (still steadied), and Glenore in very handy positions, War God, Inquirer, and Dandy heading the general ruck, through whom Bert Hobves was making j vigorous efforts to force the badly posi- tioned Tarquin. By the time half the distance had been traversed Saraswati began to hang out signals of distress without actually compounding, and Mel- odian dispossessed her of the lead, Tar- quin atrtbis time being completely lost to view amongst the general, Holmes eventually taking him up on the inside, after vainly attempting a number of de- vious dashes close to the rails. Five furlongs from home Melodian led Saras- wati a length, St. Clare and üeviver be- ing next, together, in advance of War God and Glenore, the leading positions being practically unchanged for close up to another quarter of a mile. The order round the home turn was Melodian a length from St. Clare and Reviver, who were attended by War- God, Saraswati, and Glenore, the next ones being Dan- dy and Boreas H..,, fully three lengths fur- ther astern. When fairly in the straight Reviver ran up to Melodian, whilst Glen nore and Boreas H. likewise closed up. a short, sharp but decisive tussle between the quartette, resulting in Reviver set- tling the pretentious of the others and apparently having the race completely at nts mere*, until frantic yells of "look at Tarquin 1" "look at Tarquin 1" Tarquin ! wins-' rent the air. Wm the gallant son of Neckersgat and Tarpeia undoubt- edly would have done even then had he but secured an unimpeded run in tl straight, but fate was against bim in th respect, and albeit he was fairly flyii along three strides to Reviver's two J the finish the winning post was too cloi by some fifty yards, and amidst the wil< est scene of excitement I havewitnesse on a racecourse since "Old Jack" smotl ered Highborn in the Melbourne Cup ( ?1890-which excitement was further ii , tensified by a hawk-like swoop made b i Cvanide in the last 160 yards- Revive ; managed to escape defeat by a bare hali length at the most. At Randwick tb judge does not announce the distance dividing the placed horses, and as onl ! Sydney scribes are allowed in the Press j box on the members stand, and they wer ' too excited over the victory of the loca I horse in the circumstances to accuratel; gauge how much he won by, Ï have ha« to average matters as stated by difieren persons who were in a position to speal . with anv sort of authority on the point One racing man-and a New South Wale man to boot-assured me that Revive: only got home by a neck and a half ; Erni McKeon, Tarquin's trainer, states auth oritively' that it wasn't quite a quarteî of a leno-th win, while the vast majority of the others describe it variously as "be tween half and three quarters of i length." At all events it was sufficienl to cause the backers of Tarquin to lost their money, and that's quite enough, The "hawk-like swoop " of Cyanide land- ed her three parts of a length behind thc West Australian representative, and ai she, too. was never sighted during the tryst until the decisive moment it will pass without saying that the six-year-old daughter of Metal and Aspasia must like- wise have experienced a very troublesome passage. Mr. "Bob" Phillips, the owner of Tarquin, who stood "a poultice" about his norse, bore the defeat wiin marvel- lous complacency ; so did Ernie McKeon, who found much solace in the reflection that the would-be Solons of the turf who had described Tarquin as a non-stayer along with others who had been most pronounced as to the manner in which he had "murdered" the horse with his system ol training, were alike "written down asses." Dear old Tom Hales'(who has put on "condition" in a manner that could not be believed without ocular de- monstration of the fact- ho scales, now, 10 stone), was in a perfect state of ec stacy over Tarquin's exploit. The erst- while champion horseman of Australia had backed both Tarquin and Cyanide to win, and, as he assured me after the race, he "was riding Tarquin all up the straight. I couldn't really say how much he was beaten by-I was far too excited to notice; but let me tell you this," he remarked, " Tarquin is a won- derfully great horse, and with only a modérate amount of luck when in the straight even would undoubtedly have won." Personally, I j was not much surprised at the defeat, ab in a chat with Bertie Holmes early in the afternoon he informed me that Tarquin's rearward position during the earlier pof- I Hon of the race for the Spring Stakes j was wholly and solely attributable to the j fact that he was strange "to running round the reverse way to that which he ' -wi-. J«J-J.»J i|,pf»«4tt».l' 1 had been previously accustomed to. "lt took me all my time to keep him on the couse at all," was the remark he made;) and as I meditated how that great hone Commotion was invariably unsuccessful1 at Randwick owing to tne same disabil- ity, I regretted that Mr. Phillips had not chosen tue left-handed coing in the Caul- field Cup rather than the right-handed perigrination in the Metropolitan Stakes. That was the o'nly thing that euchered Tarquin last Tuesday, take my word for it, and if he never ran another race the memory of his truly marvellous display, would be kept green by frequenters of Randwick for many years to come. At' the time of writing there is every pro** peet of his carrying oat the whole of his Eastern Spring engagements. Of course, his somewhat inglorious display in the Wycombe Stakes yesterday has lost him a number of "rising star" followers, hut those of us who know him best still be- lieve in bim. The new steeplechase course at Band wick is a regular up-hill and down-dale affair, hut withal a very interesting spec- tacle for onlookers, reminding them vi- vidly of the hunting field. There were nine starters for the first steeplechase, about two miles and a half. Mr. "Pad- dy" Nolan's Ditto, 11:2 being favourite at S s, Grusado, 11.4, next in demand at S's, Belle, 10.0. finding favour with the Vic- torian contingents at 6's, with The Toff, 10.0, at T's, and Quondong, 9.7, and Kor owai, 9.5, at 8's. The latter is an aged New Zealand mare by Hotchkiss from [ Mantilla, and after Confidence II., 9.0 run off, and at intervals, Bertie, 9.7, Belle, Irish Boy, 9.12, Crusado and Ditto either fell or parted with their riders, the favourite coming down at the last obstacle, Korowai, albeit much knocked about, possessed far too much pace for The Toff, and won by 16 or 20 lengths in 6min. 13«-sec. N The field for the New Stakes, a mile and a quarter event for three-year-olds-: colts 8.12,fillies 8.7. with penalties, con- sisted of Hautboy (Haut Brion- Merid- ian), 9.6, Haulotte (Haut Brion-Novel- ette n.), 9.3, Portland Light (Bill of Portland-ToBtile), 8.7, Andora (Lennox -Herda), 8.9, and Schimmel (Gossoon Yestatia), 8.12 ; backers being called up- on to lay odds of 5 to 2 on Hautboy, whilst Portland Light was most fancied of~the others, starting at 6*s, Haulette at 7's, Andora at 10's, and -Schimmel at 12's, F. Kuhn took Hautboy to the front at the start, and, play- ing a "lone hand" alL the way he won as he liked by four lengths in 2min. llisec., Haulette defeating Portland Light by a similar distance for second money. An- dora finishing fourth. There can be no two opinions but what Hautboy showed . more of his true form in this event than he did in the Derby, but whether at his best he will be able to turn the tablas on the A.J.C. Blue Riband victor under similar conditions is very problematical -very problematical indeed. As a matter of course the New. South Welshmen maintain that he will, but I fancy they are only trying to "make- believe"-you know, trying to convince their better judgment that it will be so. Haulette ran a real good filly ; as just before entering the straight she seemed to be moving along quite as jauntily as the favourite. No less than six of the 14 starters' in the Squatters' Handicap were market- able commodities to a fair extent. Triem, 7.12, finishing up at 3's, Argo, 7.9, at 5's, Bob, 7.12, at Ta, Jean, 7.4, at^'s, St. Clare, 8.2, at 10's, and Fitzroy, 7.12, at 12's. A select few, however, knew; of a red-hot customer yclept Centurion, a five-year-old gelding, by Metal from Amazement, with 7.4 rn the person of F Kuhn on his back, and as there were so many others well backed they managed' to secure several "mouthfuls" about him at outside prices. Coal Queen, 6.12, . Fitzroy, Golden Bing, 6.12, and Bange, 7-6, in turn, led the field at various naris of the journey, but once their heads were turned for home Centurion bade the oth- ers "Ta-ta!" and scampered home a five lengths winner from Bob, who beat Alice Mostyn, 7.7, by a head, with Jean fourth, : St. Clare fifth and Turbine, 7.4, last; time, 2min 10sec. Triem pulled up ex- tremely dottily after the event, subsé- quent investigation showing that he had fractured one of his shoulders. It was at first thought that it would t be. necessary to destroy bim, but as he ia a : well bred four-year-old (by Trident fron» . I aGemma-di-Vergy mare), bis owner, Mr.. E. J. Ingersole determined to try andi get «urn back to Bathurst and savd him if possible for stud purposes. It is many a long year since the book-making fraternity received 1 such a terrible doing as they experienced yesterday, five actual first favourites getting home on them, whilst the sixth-Johansen-was second! I favourite in his event. Sir Rupert Clarke secured a treble, with Paul Pry (2), and Ranfurly ; and the times in which' the pair of them cut down the opposi- tion was confirmation strong that J. Scobie, the Baronet's henshman had his. charges trained to the hour. -Great horse I as Paul Pry has proved himself to be heretofore he simply outclassed ali pre- vious efforts, by actually "cantering" over the Craven Plate distance-one mue and } a quarter-in 2min. 8|sec.. and I am very firm in the faith that had occasion necessitated the aged son of Lochiel and Busybody would have rivalled (if not ex- celled), Carbine's record of 2min. 7pec. in the same event, .ueas than two hours afterwards-one hour and fifty-five min- utes, to speak by the card-the winner saddled up again, and although the op posers included Dandy, Severity. Tar- quin, War God, and Barbarossa, though i the pace was made a cracker from the j start, and he had the steadier of 9.11 on \ his back (including a 111b. penalty), he not only silenced all other prétentions from the half-mile post, but actually cov- ered the ll furlongs within a quarter of a second of Aristocrat's record, at Rose Hill, in 1888-to wit, 2min. 21}sec. Paul Pry's Craven Plate v/c htory was only noteworthy for the brilliancy and ease with which lit' was accomplished. There wns no "real" opposition in that event. You know what I mean; there's no necessity for. me to be more explicit. . But there was the strongest of strong opposition in the Wycombe Stakes. War God and subsequently San Fran causing the top weight to feel every ounce of £UB burden for the first seven furlongs,v whilst toT wards the finish the three- years-old Bar- barossa threw out a most determined challenge. Tarquin ran most disap- pointingly. His trainer and jockey were most confident ihat he would defeat Paul Pry, and although he refused to get fairly into his stride on the right- handed going for fully a furlong we were on the best of good terms with ourselves as we noticed Him well within striking distance of the leaders five furlongs from home. Here Holmes made an effort to get on terms with the leaders, but though he was hard at his mount the pace was too severe for him, and he faded away again. He was defeated-badly defeated ; but he was a very far remove from being dis- graced, take my word for it. . I haven't lost faith in him yet ; nor will I do so until he meets his whilom conqueror on the style of going he has been most ac- customed to. Paul Pry came from Sydney originally, so that the Randwick course was his nursery, so to speak. Tarquin wos strange to the going, and like Commotion in his day-does not take kindly to it. I am not offering this as ah excuse for-his defeat; had ne been to the manner born he would in all proba- bility have had to haul down his colours to the phenomenal Paul. Pry. For all that, those of us who were there did not see Tarquin as Tarquin really is. With all due deference to the prowess of Paul Pry the quadruped it is but fair to state that the biped-W. Powell^ deserves equally as much credit. The excited spectators in the member's re- serve recognised this fact when they were cheering Sir Rupert Clarke and Paul Pry on the latter returning to the scale. "Three cheers for Sir Rupert 1" was fol- lowed by " Three cheers for Paul Pry I" and then the jockey, W. Powell, was not forgotten. In fact I do not know whet- her the acclamations were not even more fervent then. Whether they were or »ot, certain is it that if Patti Pry proved fcitaself the champion horse of the meet- ing Powell proved himself the crack horseman. Hautboy carried 101b. over hjs Derb; weight and yet carved out the eight fur longs in the Duff Memorial Stakes ii 1mm. 42sec. *>Had he continued at th jfiame rate of speed for another .half-mil r-and, mind you, he won with consum mate ease by ten lengths-he would hav< covered the Derby distance in 2min 33sec, or ôsec. faster .than Trident'i ia.J.C. Blue Riband exploit in 1886 There's a bald statement for you, 'ant if you are not competent enough to drav your own deductions therefrom Va afraid I cannot help you further. Sav< and except to inform you that in my humble opinion Hautboy is not quit« "cherry ripe" yet. Neither is Malstei ïor that matter. ''Untre nous" : James Wilson, junior arrived in Sydney from Queenscliff oi Saturday morning; was an interestec spectator of the race for the Derby, anc .departed on the back track again by Sun day night's express. Kindly make t marginal note on-your cuff about Merri wee's trainer being an " interested spec- tator of-the race, for the Derby.' " Won't you stop and see the Metrop. runf" I asked hun. "I cannot sparc the time,".'was his laconic reply. Onij five words, mark you ; but, the way I fix- ed, things up, volumes could not have «aid more. . After the way in which Melodian ac- quitted himself in the Metropolitan with 6.10, tile Sydney Handicap cer- tainly looked* pretty fair thing for him with only 81b. more. So the punters thought, as in a field of 13 they at one time accepted 2 to 1 about him, though he did start at half a point longer. He met his Wellington though in Johansen, \- who never had the ghost of a look in with 7.11 in the-Metropolitan, and yet carried \- off the Sydney Handicap with 21b. more on his back, in half a second faster time than that race was run in. and within naif à second of record. Handicap run- ning 'with big fields is a hit7 of a conun- drum at Randwick, and the individual .who backs a neddy in tmch circumstances > ought to have his bumps felt instanter. Johansen haB incurred a 71b. penalty in both Clips :. Reviver 141b. at Caulfield and . 101b. at Flemington. It is not often that the members of the .setting ring are caught napping, but, we have it on the authority of a Sydney sporting writer, some of them were yes- terday in the most inexcusable manner. They began operations on the Craven Plate Geo by a Hibernian whose head- quarters are in Victoria, and who is Japfced as much for the correctness of his ^information as for the. extent of his !ungpower)a few minutes beforescratch . ing tune had passed, and at a time when parquin and Dandy remained in; A re jport circulated around that both horses Were certain starters, and in consequence' ' tile early bettors offered 5 to 4 against Paul Pry. But a little later Dandy .went out, and Paul Pry hardened to even money. Still the man from Victoria continued " peppering " " Sir Rupert Clarke's horse, his lead being followed hy others ; only to find subsequently that Paul Pry was left practically with no opposition, aa, when the proper time ar- rived Tarquin was withdrawn and Paul Pry's price jumped at once to 5 to 2 and 8 to 1 " on." It is only in the eternal fitness v of things that at the »resent time race- course swindles should occupy the minds of the enterprising trickster. The lat- est device for extracting money from other people's pockets throws a strong light on the ingenuity of the "irater- \ airy." They have actuallv been " rook- j ing " the " Tommy Rooks " themselves- ¡ and in broad daylight-too! At the last big race meeting in Melbourne the Vic- torian pencillers complained to the police that ia half a dozen cases at least two I tidkets-of each other the exact counter- j part-were tendered for pnvment of wa- i wera made. Aná row at Randwick the ^nnkstalcer.; hare raised their voices in a similar strain. The course of procédure 1 appears tö have been thus. Several j ?young and well-dressed men approach j one of ike bigger members of the "ring," ] and wager with him for a small amount1 -generally backing a likely winner. 1 Then, perchance, there comes along a more wealthy member of the community, j who backs the same horse for a large sum, j Half a dozen pairs of eyes fasten them- ! selves on his ticket, note the number and amount, etc., and then withdraw. In a quiet corner the deft ones unload them- selves of type (regulation size and shape), " pencils, and cards (cut to coiucide with betting cards), and fashion the ticket they procured for a small amount until it is a perfect copy of the one drawn for the large sum. Their chances are then whether the horse wins or loses. If the former, one of the number hastens to the bookmaker, presents Bis voucher, and receives at once the amount wagered for by the prosperous and lucky individual. To him the penciller has also to make the wager good when he subsequently ap fears on the scene. In this manner red Foster, Jack Beales, Rowley Eaton, Gardiner and others have been victimised to the extent of hundreds of pounds dur- ing the present Randwick Spring Meet- ing. So daring became the perpetra- tors, and so successful, that special race- course detectives were told off to watch for them, with the result that yesterday they succeeded in arrestingjthree indi- viduals, againt whom they will proceed on a charge of fraud. E. Simmons has just put into work at Newcastle a two-year-old filly by Mostyn from Meg Merrilees, a filly by Corinth from Medina and a colt by Corinth from Wally. The last-named pair are three year-olds. James Wilson, junior, informed me on Saturday, that the Haut Brion-Etra Weenie Maribyrnong Plate colt shows splendid size and substance, in contra- distinction to Diffidence Merriwee and Wiglemar, who were all on the small size. " Young Jimmy " has nothing whatever to do with the colt, nor with his dam" either, now. The friends of Mr. James Wilson, senior, will be pleased to learn that the founder of St. Alban's looks (in the lang- uage of his son) " as well as ever." And yet the veteran has passed by 45 months the three score years and ten allowed to man. The Metropolitan Stakes is the richest "plum" in the Australian Jockey Club Spring Meeting pudding. This year it was worth in the aggregate £2,494, while the total of the Epsom Handicap was £1,861. Next to these came the Derby £9.75. 