ILLUSIONS PAST AND PRESENT. I11 the death of Professor Fepper, at his residence in Colworth-road, Leytonstone, there passes away a personage who may be rightly looked upon as the originator of the modern style of illusion. He wa9 the crea tor, some 30 years ago, of the celebrated "Pepper's Ghost," and for some time earned much fame and no little fortune by the ex hibition of an illusion which was then looked upon as marvellous, but the secret of which is easily explained. This was in the days when those curious variety shows of recreative science known as Polytechnic In stitutions were popular with a class having midday leisure and no settled way of passing it. The Adelaide Gallery flourished for a time on the dual attraction of a steam gun and 1111 electrical eel, while the Polytechnic drew its patrons by a display of dissolving views and a diving bell in e tank. It was then that Professor Pepper and his "Ghost" appcurcd -on the scene, and opened up a new era in the world of modern magic. Pepper was a man who, although of no great inventive talent, was nevertheless a clever talker, and able to keep in touch with his listeners, so as to hold their attention, and even gain their admiration. He quickly saw that if the Boyal Polytechnic was to enjoy more of fortune's favor than certain of its rivals, it was necessary to introduce more novelty and sensation into a form of enter tainment of which a diving bell and dissolv ing views were the stable attractions. He succeeded with his "Ghost." On the origin of this illusion Mr. Maslte- lyne, of Egyptian Hall fame, and than whom no hotter authority on sucn subjects is liv ing, was able to throw much light. "Pep per," said Mr. Maskelyne, "really got his idea from walking one day down a passage in St. James's Hall, at the end of winch was a mirror, and he saw himself reflected from a dark background. In fact, to-day you can see "Pepper's Ghodt," ithat is to say, your self, everywhere. In a railway train, travel ling at night, you can see your figure and face reflected outside, apparently in space, or in a dark room with a strong light "be hind. it was, however, a young engineer named Dircks who first came to Pepper with the idea in tlie workable form. The latter saw there was something in it, and took out a patent. The result was most successful, and Pepper made a lot of .money. Moreover, his success gave a great impetus to the magic business. It brought in men of talent, -men who could think and devise new and original effects with mirrors.. One of these was a man named Sylvester, also known as the Fakir of Ooloo, who improved Oginsiderably on "Pepper's .Ghost.' .Popper rtifSMus mirror standing at an angle of 45 -tltfrf aSd reflected from thc wings, witli the "rSndmhit from certain parts of the house the ngdrewid not always look straight. Syl- iriHteij uou over this difficulty by inclining 'Hie mjrrm- which faced the audience to a mpeiJliq/e angle, and placing the person to -ffiwhflcil below the stage, in what was "oven," because it was always so Mffaowii there, and the body was then re flected from behind by strong limelight. The Professor was also identified with an other "illusion," called the Sphinx's .table, a three-legged table worked with mirrors, much in the same way as the ghost busi ness. 'l'obiu, an assistant of Pepper s, was rcnllv the originator of the Sphinx table, which was also shown in the Egyptian Halt by Colonel Stodare, nil American. Then there was also the Protean cabinet, witli its centre post and thc reflecting mirrors, which, when placed at a certain angle, gave the impression that the cabinet was empty, while all the time the performer was stand ing belli nd ready to step out and appear be fore the spectators. "The cleverest thing, however, that Pep- per ever tlitl — aiul this was in conjunction with a Mr. Walker, who was an organ builder— was what was called the Metem psychosis.' Here tlie glass, instead of being stationary, wus movable. Great care, was taken to' prevent the edges of tlie mirror from being seen. The great thing was 'to move the mirror across tlie stage and enable a female performer to take the place .ot the man, or vice versa. At tlie time the idea was considered extremely novel, and was undoubtedly effective. Liter on 1 eppor went to Australia and posed as a rain maker. You know; fired shells up at the clouds in tlie hope of bringing down rain, 'though I think 'he only achieved success when the ciouds happened to be charged with moisture. On liis return from Aus tralia Pepper, I believe, again took to lec- tH\Vitii regard to tlie latest form of illu sions, Mr. Maskelyne, for obvious reasons, was unable to be explicit, though he admit ted that without diagrams it was very diffi cult to adequately convey the idea of how an illusion is managed. "To-day," he con tinued, "the work has become far more complex. You may safely say it has en tered the highest degrees of mechanics, The illusionist must bo a student and have a profound knowledge of physics. Y.ou can't- invent new illusions. It's no use silting down and thinking them out. It is not merely a question of needing an idea and then working it out. You have to create the need, so to sneak, and very often a scheme is rendered impracticable owing to the nature of your surroundings. More over, he wants to be, if anything, a little ahead of thc times, to be qUick enough to turn some novelty or discovery to account before it becomes known to thc public. As nn instance, Houdin, the French conjuror, in tlie days when electricity was in its in fancy, made a tremendous hit witli an elec trical drum, suspended in mid-air, with the tappers inside. People came and marvelled. It s no use doing that to-day. Everyone knows how it is done. So we have to give the drum with the tappers outside, electric sparks and everything. No, the difficulty to-day is not t& deceive the public, but the expert, -the man who knows the business and lias studied it. It is not difficult to de ceive tlie average audience, simply because sitting comfortably, perhaps smoking, they don't trouble to find out.' But it's not tb'o same with thc expert. He knows the points of the business, and yet I flatter myself I have been able to deceive bim as completely as the less scientific members of my audi ence." The late professor while in Australia was appointed public analyst to the mayor and corporation- of Brisbane, Queensland, hold ing the appointment for many years, 