TASMANIA. . Hobart. AuenstS. 1 A ghost appeared at Sandy. Bay last night, and frlgntoned a young woman into a faint. At the Polleo Court, to-day, Peroy Brent, for atoaling threo half- crowns from a till, was. sontonoed to one month's Imprisonment. ilia JSxcellenoy. the. Governor has dlreoted that mourning' should bo worn on Sacurdny and Sunday, la tokon of sympathy with Her Majesty on tho death of. tho Doko of Saxo-Ooburg. The Now Golden Gato has ornahed 400 tons of ston'o for 487oz of amalgam. a nepnuuon or momnere or i-arua- mont watted on ' Minlstors to-day, and urged on thom the nocossity of . grant ing tho Great Western Railway Syndicate an extension of time. .Ministers pro mised to consider the matter. ' Launoestox, August 3. At.the Polloo.Oonrt to-day, three young men were' fined for disturbing tbo peaoo by fighting. Henry DsvIb was sentenced to a wook In gaol for obtaining £1 by false pretences. Waltor Simpson was snmmonod by Ada Roaob to show oauso why he should not mako provision for the support of hor unborn child. Defendant was ordered to. pay .5s per week from the dsto of the ohlld's birth, oounsol's fee, medlolne,- and nnrse's expanses, also the court ooata, totalling £5. The Mayor's Indian Famine Fond totals £1184. v A meeting of, creditors In the ostato of Martin Roohe, horse trainer,- of Lanncos- ton, was hold to-day. The statement sbowod liabilities £291, and, assets, £97. It " was ' resolved to wind np' .L. i- i j . .. i j _ , ! n - bUO tU iiUtUUllUUi A-LOUF Fronoh bolng appointed trnsteo, and the debtor was granted his dtaohargo. Trooper Gaby, ono of tho Tasmanlan Invalided soldiers by the Kamiro, arrived here to-day, and was met at the town hall by the Mayor and Town Olerk, who waloomed Mm baok. Troopor Gaby belongs to Soottsdalo. The woather to-day was showery, and very hosvy rain Is falling to-night. A man, named Edward Oasalon, agod 72, was found dead in his bed at his re sidence, in Esrl street,. this morning. At the lnqnost to-night, the jury returned a vordlot that death was duo to natural causes'. ' , 