[?] " Stumps," its lie' was called In Dos .Borland, was, a favourite wltli criminals laiitl— the police., . . ?' | He lmd a, bright Jbko nnd a kindly;- i "oi u ror nil; alike; no- one una over, seen hltn cross, or known hint do a mean thing. . Children hung round 'hltn, listening to his yarns ; the lasses,!' always stopped to banter Wltli liihl';' while, riuniy, a night' rouit.il Hie dossliousti, Are lie wis tlic life of the.; wretelied-looklng. group, 'ns In .fluent, picturesque language .lie told ghost tales and -fairy legends1 of his native County Clare, making the ni (metiers forget tlielrfliunger, their suf- ferlugSj :tliulr "despair ; and when - ho had money lie was i'oyalj.v geiuuiolis— 'he treated riv/eryoiie he citnie across. "Bedrid, that fact alone both rays inol kingly Ihtengo" (Mike was descended from an ancient Irish sovereign),, he once said to trie, half-ruefully. " Sliurc, I'm never so/happy as whin dispiriting bounties." Indeed, I -have- known'1 15s. last him (but- two days, though he always slept : lu n':< doss- liouse, add the only solid food that passed' his lips during that space ivas onions find tripe for supper, and a'couplc of carrots as ;ti midday meal. " My digestion, .you see, Is peculiar," he confided on one occasion to ft magis trate, after receiving a sentence of fourteen days ; " It seems to cotton to nothing but drink." "Could you not take the pledge, and would not some one help you to keep it ?" nriked the functionary, .of justice, who, l am sure, in tils 'lieart.' siiw tlit futility of these repented'. .consignments to gaol. Mike milled his rough red hair, and a gleam of amusement darted Into Ihis eyes. " May It plalse your hidslilp," lie said, " It's meself. was a-s'hlnihg loight m tlic Salvation Army— ftir— fitr two months. Ait' begorra 1 hi that'' t'olme If Oi' did not merit a silver medal fur tlnipcr- ivnce." " And .where Is the medal V asked the magistrate. Again -Mike's eyes twinkled, and the corners, of 'his mouth worked. '"An' you'll belitlve me, your wurs'.ilp, whin 01 came out; last tolme, from the r'si- dence you wos so kind as to send me to fur inol health; I pawned li fur a dlirop of the cratur', an' begorra.! if 01 didn't' folrid the .medal' wasn't silver at alii but jlst a cbmiiion bit of tin V Mike's real discomfiture was too much for -those, present, and they laughed as lie meant them to laugh and nobody , enjoyed his Joke more than lie, did himself. But laughing at' or with a culprit does not help to mend Ills ways, and Mike's casejbnd a sad side to- it.— From the "Quiver," for April. 