Fair and Unfair. Quiz will be 'pleased to receive Reports of weddings, social gatherings, She. All communications in tended for current issue should reach. this office not later than Tuesday morning to ensure insertion. * The marriage of Mrs. Tom Farrar,: of . Mel bourne, with Mr. Von Doussa, of MofrhtBarker, is announced. They will reside at Mr. Von Doussa's pretty residence at Mount Barker. Mrs. Farrar has bepn sum^^^ng a%|^bethal. V, Mr. and 'Mrs. Stone reti^®^|on^ Sunday from Western Australia. • Mr. and Mrs.Morton ®pj^fct- leffclasb Friday for a three months'! ^ and Tasmania. Miss E. Lohrmanh Adelaideon Mon day from Victor has been summering. < ' Mr Alf. Mellor, son bf Mr G. Mellor, of the Bank ot Adelaide, returned vtast week to Western Australia after a six weeks1 holiday in Adelaide. Miss Matty and Miss Gertie Howe returned from Victor Harbor on Friday/ Miss Marjorie Hamilton, daughter of Dr A. Hamilton, is proceeding to Germany shortly to study. Broken Hill claims matoy of Our past School of Mines students. Mr E. Henderson, Mr. A. Robinson, and another Adelaidean have rented a pretty villa there and started housekeeping. Mr Grayson has been appointed Assistant Manager of the Block 10 mine. Although gone they are not forgotten. The aristocrats on North Terrace are greatly distressed by the storerooms Mr. James Marshall is building opposite the Adelaide Hospital. One doctor there thinks that it will seriously interfere with his practice. Mr F. Hay ward, of the firm of Messrs John Martin & Go., arrived on Sunday from London, where he has been spending severalmonths. * . - f 1 Mrs Dowling and family have returned from their summer visit to Willunga. The Rev. R. P. A. Hewgill, B.A., son of Mrs T. K. Hamilton, was ordained priest by the Bishop of Wakefield on St. Thomas's Day. He was at one time a student at St. Peter's College. The many friends of Messrs Leslie and Harry Bradford, of Broken Hill, will be pleased to learn that they are both recovering from their recent attacks of typhoid. Muchfsympathy is felt with Mrs Napier and her family owing to Dr Napier's long and serious illness. Pretty Miss Napier, who is a great pet with the doctor, has suffered acutely from the long strain and the constant anxiety, and looks like the ghost of her former self. Miss Edgar, the lecturer on Theosophy, will shortly visit Adelaide and deliver a course of lectures here. Dr William Carnac Wilkinson, who has been death on rats in the newspapers, is the eldest son of Jndge Wilkinson, of Sydney. He married Miss Craickshank. Dr Henry Augustus Ellis, who is taking a leading part in the affairs of the Separatists on the Coolgardie Gold fields, is a son of the late Colonel Ellis. He has two brothers in the Royal Engineers. His uncle, the late Sir James McMahon, was formerly Speaker in the House of Assembly, Melbourne. Dr Ellis is a great talker, and a tall, powerful man, with any amount of self confidence. When he went to attend the Kal goorlie Conference a wag found his bag at the Coolgardie Station and wrote on it, ' Premier of Auralia.' Dr. Ellis looked for that man, but could not find him. In spite of the great heat the lawns and the Grand Stand was crowded on Saturday afternoon at Victoria Park. Brightly dressed ladies with pretty faces were much en evidence. His Ex cellency the Governor and Lady Tennyson were not present, and many well-known society people were also absent. It was not a winning day, but the fair sex did a good deal of betting, and a ladies' 5s. tote was in great request. Gentlemen sat on the steps in the shade, and made dashes for the tote- with a dozen small feminine commissions before each race. Amongst the ladies present Quiz noticed—Mrs. H. R. Dixson, white lawn trimmed with lace, fancy straw toque trimmed with white chiffon and tulle and white wings; Mrs Henry Bleephmore, white silk blouse trimmed with black b^be ribbon, heliotrope hat trimmed with white chiffon and ospreys; Miss Peterswald, white piqu4 coat and skirt, hat trimmed with two shades of heliotrope; Mrs Wallmann, blue striped floral silk, stylish toque to match; Miss Wallman, floral pink muslin trimmed with lace, and picture hat ; Mis Anthony, striped muslin dress and sea green bonnet; Mrs Crozier, white linen coat and skirt, and picture hat; Miss Emery, white lawn costume and picture hat; Mrs. Smithson-Dunn, tussore silk costume and sailor hat; Mrs (Dr) Lermite, white frock and black and white hat; Mrs. Ragless, lavender and white floral silk trimmed with lace and floral ribbon, and heliotrope hat trimmed with white and lavender lilac ; Miss Bell (Glenelg), black broche silk and forget-me-not bonnet; Miss Brock, pink and white dress with picture hat; Miss Belle Gardiner, French muslin frock of blue and white, picture hat to match; Mrs Macintosh, black costume, and pretty bonnet to match. Miss Edith Aird has recived word from the Lord Mayor of London that the £50, proceeds of the concert in aid of the Natal Refugees' Fund, has reached its destination. A very successful progressive euchre party was held at 4 The Elms,' Mount Gambier, the residence of Inspector Williams, on January 31. Mrs Williams, the hostess, wore black silk; Miss Williams, pale blue; Miss M. Williams, coral pink silk. The guests included the Misses Watson (2), white; Miss Saunders, cerise and blue; Miss McLachlan, yellow brocaded silk; Miss Bella Muecke (Adelaide), turquoise blue silk; Miss M. Addison (Melbourne), grey silk ; Miss R. Watson, pink; Messrs. Paltridge, Wilson, Falconer, Loutit, Watson (2), Howlitt, McGregor, and Spencer Williams. The inaugural meeting of the sixteenth season of the Adelaide Glee Club was held in the club room (Ware's Exchange Hotel) on Wednesday, January 31. The Hon, Conductor (Mr. J. Walmsley) presided over a large and enthusiastic attendance of members. The Hon. Secretary read his report for 1899, which showed an improved average attendance. The Club had given or taken - part in eight concerts and socials—a very good record—and had kept up the high musical standard to which it had previously attained. The Hon* Treasurer's balance-sheet showed an amount bf over JB15 in hand, a highly satisfactory ppsitiori. Altogether the Club is in a very flourishing con dition, as indeed the efforts of its members deserve that it should be. The following officers were elected for 1900 :—Hon. Conductor, Mr A. Walmsley ; Hon. Treasurer, Mr A. E. Hawkings Hon. Secretary, Mi* H. T. Prince; Hon. Librarian, Mr W. R. Wright; Committee—the above-named gentlemen and Messrs A. S. Lewis and H. H. Marsh ; Hon. Accompanist, Mr. H. H. Marsh . Hon. Auditor, Mr A. Hilton. At the close of the business Mr Walmsley vacated the chair at the request of the meeting, and Mr. J. A. Dale acted in bis stead. It w&b; decided to make a presenta tion to Mr Walmsley as a mark of the esteem in which he is held by the members, and in recogni tion of the valuable services which he has rendered as Hon. Conductor to the Club. Mr. Walmsley acknowledged the honor and thanked members for their kindness. He also responded to the toast pf his health and that of his family, which was drunk with musical honors. Glees for forthcoming concerts were then rehearsed, and a most success ful meeting was brought to a termination. On Wednesday, January 31, tbeGawler Wesley an Church was the scene of a pretty event. The occasion was the uniting of Miss Gerty May, the eldest daughter of Mr A. May, the senior partner of Messrs May Bros., Ac., to Mr Walter W, Evans, of Adelaide. Needless to say the church was nicely decorated, and was filled with interested spectators. The bride, dressed in white brocade satin, was accompanied by her father and bridesmaids, Misses Elsie and Lilly May, dressed in heliotrope, and little Miss Gladys May. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. I. Rooney. The Church choir sang appropriate hymns, and then the invited guests adjourned to Mr and Mrs May's residence, Tortola, where an 'at home*" took place. At the breakfast toasts were honored as follows :—' The health of the bride and bride groom,' proposed by the Rev. I. Rooney, ' The parents of the bride,' by the Hon. D. M. Charleston, M.L.C., 'The officiating minister,' by the Mayor, 'The Visitors,' by Mr Fred. May.. The latter toast was responded to by Messrs F. D. Harris and E. Lucas. The company thoroughly appreciated the complete arrangements that had been made. Amongst the guests were — ^he Mayor and Mayoress (Mr R. K. Thomson and Mro D. Thomson), Mr and Mrs F. D. Harris, Mr R. H. and Mrs W. Barnet, Mr and Mrs F. H. Tothill, Mr and Mrs E. Lucas, Mr and Mrs H. J.. Riggs, Mr and Mrs R. H. Hawke, Mr and Mrs Bischof, Mr and Mrs H. Dean, sen., Mr E. and Mrs J. May, Mr W. J. and Miss S. May, Mr A~ H. and Miss C. Riggs, Mrs Newman, Miss Wilson, Hon. D. M. Charleston, and relatives and young friends of the bride. 