IN MALE ATTIRE. A ROMANCE OF THE DAY. CHAPTER XVI.-"The Mysteries of London. By JOSEPH HATTON, Author, of "By Order of the Czar," &c.; Fortunately for Zella's peace of mind Dexter had carried his criminal secret to his death. None knew of the impulse he had given to the knife of Abner Digges. Zella 'had pitied, him. 'His self-mfffder had :'Borely •afflicted'^heT; The that she was charged with being accessory to his downfall troubled her not a y little. As a rule," women soon recover from tho indict ment of having driven some love-sick swain to derpair, and even death, by reason of their unreciprocated passion. It is no fault oftheirs. if foolish men xun mad for love. But Zalla felt deep in Her heart some little remorse that ehe had not, at the very out jet of her engagement at the Palmer House, taken, proper alarm at the too kindly at ' tentions of her millionaire employer. It was not improbable, she reflected, that she hud .seemed, to triumph over him in her Jove ;fbr Ned Glover; that she had, as it were, her happiness before the fond old man, until it had driven: him into that vile plot in which he had sought to destroy the idol she had ,set, up for worship. This being-so, how keenly- must he have fiiffered, if not from-a pure love, at least rom., wounded pride.!. But it were waste of time to follow up these reflections. The Incident of Dexter's death seemed to give a new impulse to Zella's journey. At Liverpool the newspapers contained an account of "on? of the most unhappy re cords in the Umbria's log." The editorial pen found the obligatory duties attaching to wealth a fascinating theme. Dexter'a •mind, It was urged, had given way under the weight of his responsibilities ; not that there was any reason to doubt the /tangibility of his enormous capital. It was, no doubt, the vast measure of it, his very affluence and the overburdening sense of it influences that had broken him down.. !He had literally died of it. There was no mention^ of what Zella had feared, his al leged 'love affair, reported by his man to $he Purser. Dexter's memory was, indeed, treated with the greatest possible respect. 'During her Journey to St. Pancras his death had more than once formed the sub ject of conversation "on the -train', within her hearing. v r What would they say Id - Chicago ? •Would her name *c kept;out of the story of DexterV career.? After, all what did it onatter ? There..was ao one whose good opinion she cared for, that any report auch «i 3 she liad. overheard on the__ship would influence to her injury* She would dike to stand well with Mr. Lorrimer ; and yet, what sort of an opinion would he 'hiave of her when he knew, as he must some dey, fhat she food interviewed him as.jPhlllp Grey ? :, 'At Luton she bought a liondon evening paper, and was soon blushing over it with ifchame and Indignation. Prom the Fast- Bets and from Liverpool the English papers had already announced the death of the 'American millionaire ; and an enterprising reporter had interviewed "the deceased gentleman's negro servant/ who had been $is constant and confidential man' for five n apd-twenty yeare." Interpreting Sam's ".somewhat confused statements, given in the vernacular of the. South, it appeared that, in his old age Dexter had fallen deeply in love with tote typewriting girl ; who was, however, something more than an ordliary young person, being the daugh ter-of a famous American general, named Brunnen, and, moreover, ehe was a young woman of education, and a leader in a .. Chicago movement for the advance ment of physical etrftare among women ; Jter name, Zella Brunnen, being quite popu ar in the Western. cHy. This young lady \- ijeclined Mr. Dexter's proposals ; and that, to quote his servant's exaot words, " made him just awful mad-'* He had never been the same man since that day. The name of ■Miss Brunnen brought quite a romance Into the affair. 6he yaa to nave married Mr. Edwin Glover, a young London jour nall?'t, who was hilled in a mining camp In Colorado ; add, aHhough Mr. Dexter had offered Miss Brunnen marriage he had a ireat liking for Mr. Glover, whose death sad"upset him considerably— s<r much so, that one of his Insane fancies on board' the iship was that the ghosts of the dead Englishman and his fiancee bad appeared to him." . . . The reporter went on to relate the Incident of the pocket-book, very much as Zella had overheard it. The letter, addressed to the Purser, with the money, (amounting to "upwards o<f fifty thousand -dollars, was the only indication of tne donor's suicide. " There were let ters in his state-room addressed to his lawyers, and one containing a considerable Cheque payable to the order of his servant, for whom, he furthermore stated, he had made a. certain provision In 'his will." Zella, having read thus far sat silently, with the paper*in her band, until she was . jtroused -to action "by the exigencies of rail-, way travelling in England; the rescuing of 'her luggage.from other people, the tip ping of porters, and other atbletic and fin ancial exercises. Zella had been advised t? telegraph in structions for an omnibus. to meet her train, and she had secured rooms by let ter at the Grand Hotel ; so she was soon Contesting the roadway, of the London streets with thousands ,of vehicles, her attention being thus won away from the revelations of the evening paper by the ftoyel bustle of London, Its vehicular -trafi :ftc altogether different .from either New York or Chicago, its narrow streets crowd ed with people, the myriad lamps of its 4hop windows, and the gradual lighting "tip of its thoroughfares. A fine evening, almost between the lights of a bright April day ; and tho wonder of the town grew upon her. It seemed sordid enough to begin with. The omnibus crossed tram ways once in Gray's Inn road, but she passed through square after square, each with many trees, like small parks, and •with houses all round—solid-looking, gloomy perhaps, but homelike. Lights were appearing In the windows. Presently she passed through comparatively quiet thoroughfares, and then came into the rusb of Oxford-street, with its miles of shops, bright with illumtoated merchandise, the roadway alive with cJmble cabs, private carriages, omnibuses, and the lamps of cyoles. that threaded' their way mysteriously among the vast procession/ in which every vehicle,.was trying to gel ahead. By-and-by she was in the .Strand, the railway omnlbu? still steering through a mighty crush of traffic, the air luminous with many lights. When she came to Charing Cros?,she seamed to know it; as if by. Instinct—the centred- o£ London, as dear Ned Olover iiad described it, .".and' the-'centre of the world.". The next minute' the. omnibus- swung round into Northumberland Avenue, .and pulled up at the Grand. It ;was. a great relief to have the at tendance of a chambermaid. Zella was em harassed in many ways on board,ship, in spite of her arrangements to neutralise the services otf her steward. She had explained at the desk of the chief porter at the Grand Hotel, that a good deal of her bag gage belonged to her cousin, a young lady who might possibly occupy the rooms should' she (Philip Grey) be leaving after a few days ; so from the 'ftrot moment of her arrival she had sought to prepare herself for either 'fortune —the. part of Philip or Zella. One thing eflie found in travel : that it had 'many compensating 'privileges. Very comfortable after the public life of a ship and the worry of a railway journey in a new country, under unaccustomed con ditions, were these.fooms at the .Grand Hotel ; blinds- drawn, lamps lighted, a flre. (as she had ordered) in her sitting-room, plenty" of hot wateri a bathroom en' suite, a neat, courteous-woman .in attendance, polite Inquiries. whether she would dine at table d'hote, and so oh. Zella found herself already recovering from the shock• to her-prlde of being mentioned in the newspaper chronicles (otf the day as a typewriting girl. When she went down 'to dinner sho found most of the men in evening dress, and quite a large; assemblage of ladles attired as if for some social .function. Luckily she had put on dark clothes and a white .tie; but she made a note ln\her mind to observe the evident usages of table d'hote tn. England; not that it was altogether -uncommon to wear evening dress in Chicago, especially} when- there was an, Italian opera company in the city. After Zella scrolled tout. She soon made what was to her a strange dis covery ; that, instead of a young woman travelling alone, in England it was the young man that needed protection. The revelation was so startling, not- to say painful, that it almost determined, her to give up.her impersonation of Philip Grey, and : transfer his rooms . to 'Zella Brunnen. She had .only .walked, a short distance, admiring the wonderful soene, the -gaily alighted avenue, ;the; dim- forms, of, the 'great lions' in the Square, the Nelson' column pier cing the eky to be< lost among the stars, the flashing traffic of the crossing roads, be fore she was addressed by several fashion able-looking ladies, 'of exceeding amia bility. Zella's first idea was that they had lost their way or had mistaken her for some one they knew. At first she treated them with marked civility ; ibut this, she found, made her position all the more embar rassing. One, more friendly—or, at least, more persistent—than the rest proposed to accompany her to her chambers. "Oh ! She was sure he must have chambers ; sure he must be lonely ; of course, he was looking for a friend ; could see it in his eye," arid it was not until Zella had fairly run for it that she got free from a per secution, the character of which, as soon as she had suspected it, made her shiver. For the moment it took all the beauty and wonderment out of Trafalgar Square, and blurred the description of It which she Bad treasured ao long in her imagination. Not all the vulgarities and coarseness of Platts Valley had made so miserable an Impression upon her. It wag a greater shock still to her feminine aenslbilitiea when ehe madeJthe. awjualntan.ee of :her flret London- theatre, the Empire. All the world knows- that Chicago' is not the most moral ofty in-the universe, and New. York has by-ways-of gilded vice that may only be outrivalled in Paris, but Circe has her own quarters in these, cities. She must be isought ; the isHrens have their " yellolw eands" definitely mapped ; it Is only In London where " the fair-haired goddess" holds her court in every street., Zella was bewildered with the beauty of the house, delighted with the orchestra, impressed by the liveried servants of the theatre, Bur prlsed at the luxury of the refreshment bars ; ibut her recently-aroused instinct of a Grange fear penetrated with horror the disguise of the prGtty women who sat here and there at small tables, or lounged on cushioned seats, taking wine or smoking cigarettes. A great • fear came upon her. There may be more safety, even less to offond a pure mind, in the lowest strata of the world's workaday ranks of life and pleasure than here in a br%liant and crowd ed establishment. Zella left the Empire and went westwards ; and, while Bhe saw Tadie? walking along unmolested, she found herself the object of their constant at tention. Poor Zella! How little she dreamed of the escape she may have had, committing in- the eye of the law a. far greater offence than ladies who swept the pavements with their lace petticoats and silken gowns. It makes one tremble to think what might happen'tb any,young girt masquerading In male attire at the Empire Music Hall, or sauntering along Piccadilly after dark—or, indeed, at any time. The thought take 3 some of the romance out of Zella's ex ploit. She returned to her hotel feeling very lonely, and with a home-sick longing for Parksldo and the company of honest Bridget O'Hagan, and even-" Ould Gleh coe" and " the bar-tinder's widder." . CHAPTER XLll.—Alone in the Crowd. "Good morning. Glad to see you; pray take a seat," said Mr. Richard Lorrimer; as a liveried porter ushered Zella into his pri vate room, at the offices of Straker, Love, and Lorrimor, Bedford Row. Zella bowed, and laying aside the light overcoat, which she carried on her arm, said, "Thank you," and sat in the chair.to which, with a wave of his hand, he drew her attention. This was hardly the kind of reception she had expected ; but she had yet to learn that, in her dual character, she would find a rival In Mr. Lorrimer. There were two Lorri mers ; one, Richard, the astute lawyer and advocate, and the other Dick, the genial club man and private citizen. In both capa cities be was a new experience for Zella, emphasised by his wearing a single eye glass,, a fashion that is novel to an Ameri can. She was only acquainted with It in caricatures of English annotations ; and Ned Glover, in his varied descriptions of Lorrl mer, had not..once mentioned the monocle, which- emphasised one'of Lorrimer's distinc tive characteristics as an advocate in police courts and before coroners' juries, and occa sionally as a witness before the Judges. ■ Lorrimer was not a* barrister ; but "in im portant and historic cases or preliminary in quiry before minor- courts he had wpn manjr -a-victory, while his shrewd instructions to the Bar in cases before the highest judicial bench bad been no less successful. He was a painstaking sollcitor,v.and shrewd as he was judicious. Away from Bedford Row and the courts, at his club, in his chambers, among his friends, he was" light- hearted, genial, and, in many worldly matters that did not call for legal analysis, almost un sophisticated. Outside business even his ap pearance seemed to undergo a change. He was slightly above the medium height, and suggested a county magnate or a country squire, rather than a professional man oi the City of London. A round, cheery counte nance, penetrating eyes with marked eye^ brows, a clean-shaven face, full lips, a some. what stumpy nose. In business he had a calm, astute manner, rarely smiling, but outside the trammels of "Work a frank, open, ■ mirthful expression. Though the use of his , monocle was'perfectly'natural-to him, his critics credited' him with making histrionic play with it, especially when cross^-examln mg a witness. There • was, .by -the -way,^ something of' an inquisitorial and doubting.: manner in his reception of Philip Grey. | "Miss Zella Brunnen's coubin ?" he said, while untying a bundle of papers marked, " Briinneh, Glover, and Danks." "Came over in the Umbria ?" * "Yes." . '"Sad. end to a financial career, Dexter's "Very." Though she had no experience of a cross^ examination in court, Zella was bracing'her self to that kind of ordeal. Lorrimer. sur veyed her lor a moment through his eye glass, and then dropped it; which simply suggested to her a conjuring •trick; The monocle fascinated and puzzled her. " You have seen the reports of his'death?" "Yes." . ." My friend, Glover, did'not tell me that his fiancee was a typewriting girl." " No." " Odd, when he appeared to have told me everything else about her. Rather a re markable young person ?" . ;^.Y.es".'?,  }■-■'■■ ■ .' " ■./. "But that.is^not-ouri.busine?s'~at"the mo ment. What have, you" to; say to me, Mr. Grey ?" ' , " -. '" "I gyess rwas expecting that you would have something to say: to me," Zella replied, looking him squarely in the face. " You re ceived my cousin's letter, from New Kork ?" " Accrediting you as her representative ; yes." " Have you, may I ask, received any telegrams from Chicago ?" This was a speculative shot of Zella's on the strength of several caDles that were docketed among Lorrimer's bundle of papers. "Yes," he said, turning over the mes sages which Zella had noticed, and examin ing them by-the aid of his glass. -'-" One from Storey, 'Daily Maily.'.one from Bridget OTlagan, one from Hildyards,- Miss Briin nen's Chicago lawyers ; each more or less urgent, all asking my firm if .they had seen or heard from Miss Brunnen." ~^ "Zella.is just a little erratic. Anxious to be free, for awhile, from the espionage of her friends, she delayed her journey; but "this morning she caoled to them full particulars: of her arrival in London, and -requested', them to address any messages or letterstdher to your/care/ .■'••'-'.'''■■ ■'"'- . L" In t*wn,.is. shi??" • ' .' -. ' "Yes ;'in London." "Game over with you ?" • • "Sire-couldn't -come without me." "Indeed !" said UOiirknor, contemplating her; glass In «ye, with a puszled expression. " "I^hen she was actually on 'board the Uiu brla^ win en .Dexter, the millionaire, commit ted suicide ?" "Here is the passenger list." LorriSier took t)ho (paper from -her, and examined it as if it .might have been a docu ment 'In evidence, that he would presently hand up to the, bench. "Don't see the name of Philip Grey," he said ; iwl'ioh for a moment flurried Zella, who ibeg-an 'to think he suspected her. "Here, $3 a "Cartrec'ted list," she said, handing him the second roll of passengers. " Orey-—and no Brumnen. But why these trifling details, Mr. GTey ?" "Just what I Was aslking myself," Zella replied. 'Ji?eg par"don," a«id ILorrimer, as if ad dressing the other 'side. " I Bupp'oee I shall see Mlas Brunnen shortly; to-morrow, say ?" " At .present she is not quite .well ; ratlher disappointed with iLondon; iI' <Ehinlk-r—" •" Niagaca: has1 disappointed sottrie travel lere, I believe." "So I am told," ?aid Zella with a touch Oi asperity dn 'her 'manner. "My cousin may go to 'Eastbourne or.(Bournemouth for a few days ; she is advised that the change will be good Tor -her." " She is well advised no doubt. lAnd now, what ?an I do itor you, Mr. Grey ? Or for Miss Brunnen, between nolw and the day when she honours me with a call ?" Zella felt 'that it was tfrne to establish the bona fides" of (Philip 'Grey in such a way as to entirely win the lawyer's confidence. "IMy cousin," she said, taking from her breast-pocket a bundle of papers, " has in trusted me with the documents at present in her possession relating to poor Mr. Glover' 6 will and his partnership with Solo mon Danlcee, together with certain bonds and scrip in Platts Valley mines, and a, note for tv.enty thousand dollars, which I have deposited for Iher this morning with Drexell, Morgan, and Ooanpany." " T api-'ieciate 'Miss (Brunnen's confidence in my firm," said LUrrimer, opening an Iron safe .and placing the documents therein. " Miss Brunnen has the very highest opinion of you and your ilrm, sir." "We shall strive to Justify her good opinion, Mr.. Grey," he said, locking the safe, leaving his table-desk, and passing round to the side oi the room where she was sitting. " And I think that brings o«ui business Interview to an end." " I think so," said Zella ; a cold chill at her heart, as she rose to take her leave. " Don't go for a minute, please," eatfl Lorrlmer In another tone of voice, and with a. genial manner that surprised her. "In the first place, let us shaice hands." She put-out-her hand in a perfunctory kind oLmanner. -He pressed It cordially. I" Welcome to London ! It is your first 'visit, I understand. As a stranger and the cousin of my interesting,client, I shall hope to show you some little hospitality. I have been twice In America, and never lose an opportunity of Bhowing my gratitude to your people for their kindness to me by return ing some of it to any American who may bring me an introduction. "Moreover, we have other ties, Mr. Grey. One of thd best fellows that ever lived, engaged to be roiar- rled to your cousin, was a dear friend of mine. His death touched me deeply. ] Zella lowered her eyes. Lorrlmer walked about > the room. . . ~--" i " She" must me a wonderful creature, this Zella Brunnen," he continued ; " a beauty, abnormally clever, a linguist, an athlete, jwith a romantic cai'eer ; her father a great soldier—l am. quoting Glover's letters. The poor fellow was madly in love with lier ; yet he never told mfi that, she a typewriting girl in Dexter's office," ! "That lowers her very much in your estimation, I suppose?',' said Zella, sum .moning all her presence of mind and mental I resource, under the pressure of other feel ings than her remark indicated, which were j awakened by Lorrimsr's references to Glover's love for her. " " Not at all, I assure you," said Lorri ■mer. "In London it would have ruined her social status ; in America you take a higher and better view of social worth and the career of a clever woman. But th.ere, Mr. Grey, I must not keep you now, nor must you keep me. I have several clients waiting to see one. A bothering and exact ing business, you know, law, whether one is English or American ; but I want you to promise that you will dine with me to night. Now) don't say; you are otherwise, engaged. I have, so much to say to you, and you must have plenty to say to me. Eight o'clock at tho'Sheridan Club, eh ?" " Oh, thank you," said Zella; " you are very kind." " Not at all ; the kindness will be on your side. The.Sheridan is close to Covonfc iGarden? But ev^ery cabman, knows it> ;Where are you staying, may I ask ?" "At the Grand Hotel," said Zella. " Only,, a ,-waJlk to .the - Sheridan. Then I shall expect you ?" •-• • • ■*il will be,there," said Zella. And she was there punctually ; and with considerably, revised opinions of both Lorri mer and 'London from those he and the great city had at first inspired. During the day she had found her way to Westminster and the Thames Embankment, to Oliver Goldsmith's gravo in the Temple, to St. Paul's, completing her experiences In an open barouche, provided by the hotel, along the Mall and Piccadilly to the Park. April was verging into May. It was nearlng the height of the London season. The sun shone warm on the-gray streets. Every other shop seemed to be a goldsmith's, or to flash with silver., when it was not bright with flowers or gay with costly fabrics and pictures. Here and there the Stars and Stripes flaunted high up against the blue sky, making her. heart heat the quicker.. Oh, if Ned Glover could have been by.her side ! Sometimes she thought .he was. Once she'was sure she.heard his voice. It was llke..a joyous whisper of content that she should at last have seen his beautiful London, from which Fleet-:street. had ban-. ished him, but; to which he had meant to return a conqueror, hand ;in; hand- with- the ' loveliest woman in .the world. ' ,~~ r'" '•:' In Pall Mall Zella mot a srjuadron of cayalry, marching to.the rstrains of their flne mounted' band. Some special func itlon was, being- celebrated, she thought. ■• : Other flags were flying from the club houses. Her coachman'had to pull up near - St. James's.. Palace. More troops came swinging round into Pall Mall, from the Park; The sight of the worn old historic pile, the inspiriting strains of the mili tary band, followed presently by the wild swirl of the bagpipes and the tramp of a company of Gordon Highlanders, overcame her— s h e had to mop her face with her handkerchief. . . . Her carriage now thread ed its way along St. James's-street, and it seemed to her that the entire region was peopled with ghosts of past days, ghosts of _ buildings, ghosts of great events, ghosts of famous people, ghosts of her mother's an cestors—the dead, patient little woman she had just remembered, with her sweet Eng* lish voice ; the ghosts- of Glover's, forebears, and the realities, too, of the London he was to reveal to .her. Then round into Piccadilly, with scores of equipages, beautiful women in gorgeous attire, powdered footmen, smart victorias, family chariots with armorially decorated panels, and on tne pavement a well-dressed throng of pedestrians. On one. hand the Green Park,' on the other a row of palaces. Then Wellington on his horse, and the four typical warriors at the base of th* equestrian figure recalling memories of he? father's oft-repeated saying, " Almost tha only people we never fought were your EngA lish mother's countrymen, and in whom Prussia never had braver or truer allies ; a. great people, the English !" . . . . Ob', that he, or her mother or Ned, or some dear friend were with her, even Mr. Store* or Glencoe, or Bridget, that she might hava some one to speak to, some one with whonT she might relieve, in words, the deep emo4 tlons of her heart ! She seemed so lonely; amidst the great and brilliant crowd. Shs had never imagined anything so Imposing a& Hyde Park, with its procession of carriages; three or four abreast, and its splendid array of horses, its superb toilettes, its handsome women, its gallant men, and its multitude of gaily attired people on the side walks, thi brilliant array of sunshades and parasols, backed by ornamental trees in the flrsfe _ freshness of spring leaves, and here and ** there great patches o£ crocuses and tulips, A new world to Zella. . . Presently, Ir obedience to an official hand, the autocrat ol the streets, there was a gradual suspensiot of movement, a passage way was made, J number of mitrldars cantered by; then every, bat was raised, and it seemed to Zella as if every lady rose to her feet. A carriage, tirawn 'by four hor?es ridden by postillions, 'Came along. An elderly lady, with a young demoiselle by her side, and on the opposite seat an officer in a bright uniform. Tho elderly lady was bowing right and left, a pleasant smile lighting up a benevolent faoe j It was her Majesty the Queen of Eng land, with the Princess Beatrice1 and the Duke of-Connaught. Zella at once guessed it waai the Queen* and, as her Majesty left the Park Bhe heard the great burst of cheer ing that greeted her at Hyde Park Corner, and followed^her on her way to Bucking ham Palace.; where^ the coachman told, her, the. Queen was to' stay the night. " A great event for London," he said ; "Her Majesty don't care for Buckin'em Palace, but London lovea her just the Uame." (To be continued.) 