CHI-CHEE. , X STOUT OP THE RISING IN CHINA. : (From the London "Illustrated Mail.") "Chl-Chee hcartce brcakec." "I saw you take It, you false-swearing fOffUCl" ; "Chl-Cheo never robbee people be' lovee," replied the Chinaman, with a smile which threatened to sever his pig- lull. "Give mc the money, or I'll knock your head off!" shouted his master, threateningly. "Klllcc, klllec, klllec Chl-Chee; please klllee Chl-Chee. But I never take the money!" screamed the yellow man in piteous accents, falling on his face upon the floor of the kitchen. Mr Clisson made a gesture of mingled amusement ,and disgust, and went away, leaving Chl-Cheo still kneeling upon tho floor waiting for his death-blow. When the yellow man looked up he Scrambled to his feet with a very dejected «lr, and looked round him. Satisfied that no one was watching him, he took off his left shoe and pulled three silver coins out of the toe, smiling In a deprecating sort of way as- he did so. The next moment a pair of strong arms poized him round the neck, fairly squeez ing tho breath out. of his wind-pipe. He toli .ln.u.h.ottp upon the floor and looked up at Mr Clisson in abject terror. 1 But the next moment his presence of mind re turned to him. "Foundce money, Mr Clisson," said he, with one of his most ostentatious smiles. "Get up. you son of n dog," replied his master, giving him a nudge with his foot. "You can take the money as your wages, und go." Go! Chl-Cheo go! Leave a place where he could steal more than he was paid? The Idea was more than discon certing; It had every horror In It. Chl- Chee had something which Is rare nmong his people— a temper. True, lils use for It was limited and unprofes sional; he could not strike nor use abu sive lunguuge In his passions, they were loo Inward. The only Indication of his' temper was that he dropped his pigeon- English und yapped eloquently In his native tongue. "Son of the Stars, send not thy vile scum of a servant away from this . thy Celestial abode o' pence and Joy!" he Jab bered. "Make me thy door-mat, wipe up the dust of the earth with my unholy and contemptible curcnse. But serfd me mit beyond thy threshold. There Is no peace for mc where, thou art not." "You go! I've had enough and to spare of your thieving ways," Mr Clisson re- . piled, In the best Chinese he could com- mund. "O Warmth of the Hun," murmured Chl-Chee, "thou canst not send me from thee. Let me live under the sole of thy exquisite boots; let me curse my grand parents In the name nf thy perfect lady, let dogs uproot the bodies of my father and mother. If I do not love thee more than tho KmpresH-Qtiocn," "Thai's enough! Do your cursing and body-snatching outside, if It's ail the game to you." . "Look how J adore those Hparks of Fire, thy children!" persisted Chl-Chee. " I cannot live beyond the verandah of thy house. This vile »cuin will die. rot, and be dissipated to the four winds. If you turn htm away." "Go on," said Mr Clisson, getting tho yellow man between himself and the dour, and attempting to hustle him out of tlie apartment. Chl-Chee Used a startled gaze at some Imuglnary object out in the open space at ' tiie hack of the house, and while Mr Clis son was looking nut of the window to dls cover what the object might be, Chl-Chec picked tip two spoons off the table and slipped thum Into his pocket. This piece of strategy accomplished he sank his head upon his chest, and. dragging his feet wearily after him, slunk out of the house. Mr Clisson watched him pass down the rond until he arrived at an opium-den. Which he entered hurriedly. "Mr Clisson." He looked in the opposite direction, and saw a young Englishman coming towards him. "Hullo, Brook! Where did you spring from?" "Nowhere In particular; but every where In general, as far as I can Judge. I've been to practically every European Sn Tientsin this morning, and was coming to see you. The Boxers are up." "They generally are." Mr Clisson re plied, smiling, "If they are not doing one thing, they are planning something else," "But I'm , afraid It's serious this time. They've been, on an organised inarch now for some time, and nobody seems to have hud any knowledge of the fact. There Is no possible doubt that they have the moral support of I'ekln, and It only requires a Jlttle fighting between Uiem and the Europeans to put the army In their van." "Upon what are they marching?' "Tientsin, for one objective. And thero Is llltlo chance of moving out In any di rection than to I'ekln, and " 'That's as dangerous as remaining here, lt?"UrR'' ery uprising, Isn't "No. Yon see the movement has been In plnn some time, but evc?ry slop hud been kept dark by the' authorities us for as pos sible. It Is not until now. when they arc practically at our doors, that we are of ficially warned." "Then the danger la Imminent?" Mr Brook nodded. "An ugly feature la that the forts nt Tnku have been heavily garrisoned within the last few days." he said. "That means that Pckln Intends to resist nny Europcun force which may attempt to move to the relief of Tientsin, and also to support the movement." "We ran do nothing, I suppose." "Nothing but wnlt events, and clean any firearms you may have. If you have any more than you can use, you can pass them to thoBe who are short. They'll he Wanted, I reckon, I'Jl look round again If I hear of anything fresh." Mr Brook went on his way, and Mr Clisson went into the house, and, seeding hh?fy.eung. wife, told her by degrees ot the danger that threatened. The day wore on, and night began to descend. ItumorH wore travelling over Tientsin apace. Some one had heard the sound of distant firings someone else had caught sight of a great glare reflected in the darkening sky. Someone had come Into the town with news of the bombard ment of Tttku forts by the Fleets of Europe. Everyone had a rumor of his own, which no or.c else credited. There was no mistaking, however, that in evil wind was springing up; the truth was to he aeon In the face of every yellow man who met a European; a look of low, crafty exultation lit up every yel low face, and. the teeth that showed be hind the grey lips, parted In smiles, seem ed to flash a threat. Tho very air seemed heavy with the sonso of Impending danger, as if the slightest Incident might set the heavens a-flrc. Not many of the two hundroft- odd Europeans were to be seen in the Streets ; the majority preferred to re main iniloons, lest the look of fear which they could not keep from their faces Should add fear to the troubled.hearts of others, and fan the spirit of revolt which was only too apparent in tho natives of tho town, The night came down; dark, threaten-! lag, and sollen. The hush which crept over Tientsin seemed the stillness that precedes a mighty crash of thunder. The tow;n was waiting, wondering from which direction the first sign of danger would eome,- ' Mr Clisson got up from the table at which he had been sitting, vainly trying to write, and went to the door. Little parties ot whlsperlng natives lounged in the shadows. A deathly stillness hung over' everything, , . His attention, was presently . attracted to a group of fourMail natives, lolling In the shadow of his house i and as he Clisson- Inquired, the ghost of a suspicion In his mind. "The evil day has come to this vile dog because you sent him fro rp you," Chl-Chee replied, in his own tongue. '.'What evil day?" "When this contemptible and low-born offspring of a wild dog must see his friends and masters, the choice fruit of the earth, whose breath Is like the sweet ness of flowers, cut down before his very eyes.". ''You think so, Chl-Chee?" "Lord of the Earth and King of the heart of the most noble Ixdy that ever breathed of life, listen," said Chl- Chee. "Take me back Into thy service, and 2 will gladly give my life to serve and. save thee, should the evil hour arrive. I have been talking with some noble brothers, who, will help you. Master of my con temptible body and will, take us, I pray thee, into thy house, and let us lose our lives In. serving thee." "I am afraid 1 cannot accept quite so much responsibility/' replied Mr Clisson, with a scornful smile. "Is that Chi?" said a voice over his shoulder. He turned, and gave a warn ing glunce to his wife. . Chl-Cheo grinned .more broadly than ever at the beautiful young woman. "Bloom of the lilies, beseech the mas ter to take back again this vile worm,' that I may help to serve you when the danger comes," said the yellow man. "Trust a native as you would a viper," whispered Mr CMlsspn to his wife In French, ; "''Chris good at heart, I believe," she replied. "Such faith Is suicidal at such a time as this, If acted upon," he returned. "No. I'll not take you In. My fellow- countrymen are coming In their thou sands to protect us, and to clear off the face of the earth such things oh you, if harm comes to us." "1 think you're unjust to him," Mrs Ollsffon.sald. "What's that?" The crack of a rifle sounded In the distance. In the direction of the open country. It was Immediately repeated, and the repetition was taken up sharply by dozens of other rifles. Chl-Chec's grin faded away, and with a sign to his three friends, who stood silently by, hu'dushed Into the house, wltli -them closely following him. ' Mr Clisson caught him round the waist und sought to oppose his passage. But It was in vain. The four natives swept Into the house and closed the en trance door behind them, locking and burring It hastily. Mr Clisson rushed Into the front room, and picked up one of three revolvers from the table. '"Htop!" cried his wife, "Don't you see that they are here to protect us ? Their very presence In. this house con demn! them In the Boxers' eyes : and this Is the sacrifice they arc making for Mr Clisson paused to the logic. . But In a moment he saw further than she did. "Yes, but If they do their worst with us before the Boxers arrive, they will have nothing to fear." "Light of the Hun," cried Chl- Chee, "we uro your watch-dogs." Mr Clisson looked at his wife uneasily. The possible danger within his bouse Hcompd to him worse than the probable danger from without; but it was irre movable' now. To turn these men out in the street again was more than he could do. If they had Ill-Intentions; and If they had not, then, for the hope of life and honor, -let them stay! But he had little faith in Chinese loyalty and heroism. Meantime, tho firing seemed to he go ing round to a point of the outskirts of the town further away; but it had slack ened, and It was perfectly manifest that the fighting force was a considerable After a tithe the four men threw themselves upon the floor close together, and made pretence to sleep. Presently Mrs Clisson crept nut of tho room, with a warning glance at hur hus band, who made an attempt to resume lils writing. A second or two later Chl-Chee woke, and crept out of the room. Mr Clis son followed him down the passage lnln the kitchen. "Chl-Chee makce cookce fond," sold tho Chinese, with his Inevitable smile. Mr Clisson watched him distrustfully for some tlme,.byt, being satisfied withi the way Chl-Chee went uhout his occu pation. he sought his wife. Hhe was upstairs dressing the two falr-halred children. "Wc must get to the Consulate some how," hp said. "We ought to have gone straight there. We cannot hope, to hold out here If attacked, much lcss'lf, as I suspect, these heathens have evil de signs." ' "Very well," she replied quietly. "I shall be ready in ten minutes.' "As you. come Into the room, pick up one of the revolvers," he said. "And do not hesitate to use it. If occasion arisen." He went downstairs again. Chl-Chee was still busy in the kitchen, and the other three were still asleep 'upon the floor. Just as he hod left them. Mr Clisson pushed one of the revolvers to a corner of the table, where nls wife could pick It up as she entered the room, without attracting attention. Soon she came down, and with the revolver hidden In the folds of her skirt, she sank Into a chair, and nmlicd bravely at her husband, who was occupying himself in tying up a few papers and putting them Into his pocket. When he had done this, he called Chl- CluHVwhp eamq into the room smiling craftily. 1 "We are going to the British Consu late." said Mr Clisson, whereat the three Hlumberers awoke, and listened atten tively. "If you care to come with your friends, I can promise you protection from the Boxers; if hot, you can remain here." , "You must not go away," replied Chl- Chee, at which the three Chinese wriggled into pitting postures. , "Why not? We shall be safe thero until our countrymen arrive." "The dog-faced infidel who calls. Chl- Chee a thief shall not sec safety," re turned Chl-Chec. The three Chinese scrambled to their feet, and stood watching Mr ctlsHon, who picked up a revolver In each hand. "Clarice," tie said, turning, pale but calm, to his wife, "fetch the children, wilt you?" , He followed her to the door, and stood, with his hack to (t, to prevent her being followed. Chl-Chee made a stop towards him, at - which he raised his revolver, and .unhesitatingly pulled the trigger. It cljckcd .ominously, and the yellow foccB grinned. Mr Clisson understood instantly why Chl-Chee, had drawn him out of the room; that the others Rhould extract the cartridges from the revolvers. 1 .Clisson clenched -his teeth, and took the revolvers. by .the barrels to use them as life-preservers. He struck Chl-Chee, who rushed at him, on tho Jaw and laid him low. Another rushed at him, and rented. to. the. -floor, groaning, with a crack-In his skull, The other two were waiting to disentangle knives from their belts; and then they rushed at him with tho fury of wild beasts. Cllwion sprang .aside, and, as he did so, aimed u heavy blow at the Chlnesu nearer him, but the blow glanced off tho fpllow's head, merely tearing the cartil age of his car, which only maddened him. . By this time .Chl-Chee had recovered himself, and Clisson had three desperate sgvoges to face, and he- was hampered by the presence of his wife, who ran screaming Into. the room, "Holts her," said one of tho men to Chl-Chee, -and the ox-servant at. once acted upon tho advice. -Beating off, with ths revolver -In his left hand, the. blows aimed at him, Clis son succeeded In. backing towards Chl- Chee, and. by an adroit movement, felled him to the floor. But at that same moment one of, his antagonists wounded him in the left arm, rendering it use less. , Mrs Clisson, freed of Chl-Chcc, picked up. the lamp and flung It with consider able force Into the face of the Chines who was Just in the act of getting his knife between her husband's ribs; and the next moment, with clothing aflame, he had sprung through the window, and gone howling down the street. Tho .lightly-constructed house was also in flames In ft moment, and the re maining yellbw-fftce. paled to nlrkly white, had fled after his flaming brother. "Look out!" cried Mr Clisson, as Chl- Chee staggered to his feet at her side,' "Get out of the. house and make for the Consulate! I'll see to the children. Ter rified by the flames, she rushed Into the passage, but she could not consider the Instinct of jielf-preservatlon while she could .hear her babies crying upstairs. The'.CHBSons' was one of the few houses in Tientsin built with two floors, and In circumstances like the present the top story was nothing but a death trap, for the flames followed her ns sh? flew upstairs, and by tho time she had hugged the children to her bosom and returned to the little landing, her sight could not penetrate the flames and smoke rising up from the staircase. But she went bravely down, a child under each arm, resting upon her hips. 'At "(lib third slop from the bottom, the stnirs gave way under her. Bur Mr Clisson was there to catch her; and he dniggbd her out Into tho fresh air. where Mr Brook and two Europeans were standing calling to know if they coulil bo 'of any assistance. "Yes; take them to the Consulate for the love of Heaven!" cried Clisson, scorched and faint. "I'll follow in a moment." They took her away, and got her to the Consulate In. safety, with her two children. Clisson dashed hack Into the flaming house, and fought his way Into the sit ting-room. "Chl-Chee!" he cried, "where arc you?" « "O Light of the Sun, I'm here," re plied a 'weak voice, In Chinese. "O, take mercy on me, and help me away!" ' Clisson stooped down and clutched at the flgure'at his fedt. 11c caught hold ,of the smouldering clothes ' of the Chinese, and dragged him out Into the passage. He stumbled towards the door, but At the threshold, weak, faint; bleed ing, stifled/ and choking, he sank upon his knees,- and tut he fell Chl-Chee pressed a long knife into his master's side, up to the hilt, muttering a blessing as he did ho. And the next instant the charred re mains of the little house fell down upon the two of them, casting n cloud of sparks up into the black night uky. 