4 BALLAD ©! THE BKEBLONO i BisACKS. Through England's fields they hunt the fox, f In Scotland the deer chase the' ; In Ireland they whip the salmon loohs From the dawn to toe dnsk of day. And India s sportsmen stick the pig And follow the tiger's tracks : But where on earth is a sport as big As hunting Ine Breelong Blacks f For the gamest fox must e'er long be cooked, And tho deer lasts a day at most, i And toe heaviest salmon that ever was hooked- j Must soon give up the ghost ; j Anl the galloping Arab soon beats the boar, j And toe man-eater soons cries " Pax !" I But men must go, as they go to a war, ! To hunt for the Breelong Blades. j We British are fend of a bit of a blow, And none but a -fool would doubt That in hunting men we are none to slow, And have something to blow about. We've collared Pashas and Mahdis and Chiefs, And Generals and Kings by packs, And Chinee cut-threats and Beelooh chiefs— But where axe toe Breelong Blacks? You need a quarter million of men When a couutry of Boers yon hunt ; But how many coppers are wanted when You're a ceuple of blacks in front ? The boys in blue, they're out by mobs And no child but the bush he whacks ? 0, it's one of the merriest, mnddlingest jobs, This chasing a couple of blacks. They track them down, aod they see them plain, Th«y run them from tree to tree ; But the Breelong Blacks siill proudly maintain 'That their land is tin land of the free. That Parliament payeth the force full well, Au-1 the public payeth the tax, And the " traps " get a lot of it, so men tell, But they don't get the Breelong Blacks. Yes, the Estimate's heavy— or, so we're told — But still hang a reward must we Before moo's noses— men may see gold, Though Governors they don't see, Though the Governors see some of them, at least, They see a lot of their backs ; Still , of course, the land's very poorly policed — And there are two Breufong Blacks ! Thoy tell us that foemen threaten our shore, That they'll march to our mountains blue ; So let's hope bine mountains are useful more Than men of a similar huo. For at present we're feeliug somewhat alarmed As, though scrub and ridges and tracks Are alive with police and " civiliaos armed," Tbey can't deal with two Breeloog Blacks. —JINGLING JOHNNY. 