FOR GODWIN'S SAKE. TSequel to the story " In the Hawks' Talon's.'] CHAPTER VIII. BY HANNAH B, MACKENZIE. Nearly two years later Colonel Warriston sat in his lonely study at Marieston Towers. It was nearing Christmas, and the weather was cold, wet, and stormy. Murieston looked at its worst in such weather. It had looked hardly any brighter since Hector Warriscon came into possession than under the rule of Hector Lome's despotic hand. Yet Colonel Warriston had proved himself as good a landlord as people had expected he would. Halcyon days had dawned for his tenantry. There was no complaint, no grievance, bat he was ready to listen to, and he literally ful- \- filled the character of the gook ruler as given by St Paul—he was ' a terror to evil-doers, a praiss and a reward to ihem that do well.' Bat his own life was lonely and solitary enough. His uncle had left him heir of Marie- Bton and of half his private fortune. !Fhe other half was to go to Carrol lornej bat there was a strange conttition attached to the latter. If Carrol \- iiorne married without the consent of ,. Colonel Warriston—he was appointed her gaardian until she reached the age . t>f twenty-one—her fortune was to be forfeited. There was another mentioned in the •will, the other nephew of whom Carrol Iiorne had kaown nothing 1 . He was cat off with the proverbial shilling in terms the most harsh and severe that & legal document would admit. For two years Warriston had been Seeking Carrol Lorne, setting detectives on her track, employing every means lie could think of to find her whereabouts; but all to no effect. Carrol had disappeared as thoroughly r as if she had ceased to live. Sometimes Warriston fancied, with a . strange chill creeping over him ( that " she might have done so* He had received her letter on his arrival at Murieston. It was only Trhen Gerald Mason - was finally committed for trial, and Warriston, who was a justice of the peace, was comr saunicated with on the subject, that he learned who the midnight assailant had been. Mason's sentence was not a very Bdvere one ; bat ere it was at an end the unfortunate man caught a virulent fever, and finished his sentence in another world. At the end he sent for Colonel Warriston. What passed between them none knew. And now, as Hector Warriston sat alone over his library fire, surrounded by his books, and with the papers of an unfinished MS. lying on his desk— he was engaged in writing a book on the plants and flowers of India, for he ~waB a keen botanist—the man felt Strangely lonely. He was thirty-seven, and had no home ties. Warriston had never been a ladies' man. and had a clean page as , far as all love affairs were concerned in the past. Why was it that now—ay, and for the past two years — a woman's face hanntsd him persistently —the face of a woman, too, who had hated and scorned him ? Warriston could not rid himself of the memory of it. Sometimes, as he sat poring over his MS., puffing at his big cheroot, a sudden memory swept over him—the memory of the day on which he had found Carrol Lome lying by the roadside, her white face beaten on by the blustering rain and fierce .wind, a cruel black bruise on her forehead. He remembered the moment in which he had raised her in his arms, holding the beautiful little head, with its ruddy,' tempest-tossed hair, against his breast, as he bound his silk handkerchief about the bruised temple. Somehow nothing in life had ever thrilled him as that had done. And yet a few minutes after Carrol had repulsed his help with coldness and scorn, Warriston sighed; then suddenly rose to his feet and, going to the mantelpiece, took a letter from the letter-rack and read it over again. * My dear Warriston, Come and join our hoase-party this Christmas. Sou confirmed misanthrope, you'll be unfit for human society if you shut yourself up in your gloomy Northen fortress much longer. I promise you skating, hunting, scientific intercourse —I have asked Professor "Ridley on purpose — and mince-pies (id libitum. Come, or here's an end of our ancient friendship. ' Yoarft, as ye shall use him. ' HARRY LOBIMBR; Now, Harry Lorimer, who had been in the Civil Service when Warriston was out in India, was at present a country gentleman owning the estate of Foxdene in the South Downs, and Warriston and he still kept up their ancient friendship. Moreover, Lori mer's wife was a charming hostess, though—curious anomaly—she was also a writer of very charming stories, and was looked upon by her husband as the brighest star in the literary world * I shall go,' said Warriston, making a sudden resolution. ' Lorimer right. This solitary life is not good for any man; it makes him morbid, brooding and selfish. No man has right to shut himself up from his fellows or to hold himself aloof from them.' He had to make all preparations for the Christmas treats which he meant to give his tenantry • his manager and the minister undertook to look after them. < I shall be back by New Year's Day,' he said to the latter. Then he set off for Foxdene, breaking his journey at London. lie found Lorimer's house pretty full already, but his welcome was none the less enthusiastic oh that account. * Mrs. Lorimer's determined to civilise you, Warriston,' said his host, as Mrs Lorimer, a pretty woman wearing eyeglasses, smiled her kind- ,, ~ . .4 . . . . T liest on her husband s friend. ' I prophesy you'll go back to Ultima Thule with your locks shorn : no longer a Samson of Solitude, but a softened and domesticated man ; perhaps even—breathe it not to Gath—a Benedict!' ' Benedicts are not made in a day, Harry ; it takes long years of r< flection and preparation to develop them. Now come away upstairs, Colonel Warriston.' Warriston found himself assigned the honour of taking down his hostess to dinner. There was quite a gay little company assembled, and more than one feminine pair of eyes looked reflectively and not disparagingly at Warriston's stalwart form and grave, handsome face, musing in feminine fashion on the chances of their owner's ability to effect that metamorphosis of which Lorimer had spoken to Wariiaton hina self. ' By the by, how do you get on with your great book asked Mrs. Lorimer, as she ate her soup; ' I wish—I do wish you were nearer me Colonel Warriston. I could recommend you such a clever assistant for references, copying, and all the details of your work.' ' I have sent the first part of it to be typed in Edinburgh,' said Warriston. ' I feel the want of all extraneous aid very much in Murieston Towers. One requires books of reference occasionally.' ' 1 should like vou to see my assistant. She is my amanuensis, typist, and general help, and she is a perfect treasure. Talk of girls being inferior to men in this kind of work !' cried Mrs Lorimer disdainfully, elevating her dainty features—she was quite an ' advanced woman' in theory, though not in practise—' it is most horribly unfair and untrue. No man could be a more valuable assistant than that girl. And she is sach a dear child—I love her as a friend. You shall see her to-night, Colonel vVarriston. She would not come in to dinner, though I wished her to do so ; she always does when we are alone. Harry Lorimer had somehow caught a few words of what his wife was saying, and he looked across at his old friend with a twinkle in his eye. Had his clever little wife actually started matchmaking for poor old Warriston already ? When the gentlemen joined the ladies upstairs Mrs Lorimer crossed over at once to meet Warriston. ' Come and let me introduce you to my protegee, Colonel Warriston. I call her that, you know, for I have taken her wholly under my protection ; she has no friends in the world, poor child V She led him to a couch in an alcove where a girl was sitting alone, * This is a gentleman I am going to introduce to you, dear,' said Mrs Lorimer. * Colonel Warriston—Miss Carrol Lorne. s The girl rose hastily, and her face suddenly blanched as white as if she bad seen a ghost. As for Warriston, after that first start of surprise he stood staring at her speechless, unable to utter a word.. Carrol was the first to speak. She bowed, and then said, in a voice which she vainly tried to keep steady ; * How do you do, Colonel Warriston ? I did not expect to meet you here.' 1 Oh, you two know cach other,' cried Mis Lorimer, in what she meant to be a tone of surprise; but her blue eyes were dancing wickedly, as either of the others could have seen had they looked at her. ' Then I shall leave you alone just now for a few minutes. I'm going to ask Fraulein Weickers to play.' And she danced away. A few minutes later Lorimer, cornering bis wife as she passed from one group to another, exclaimed in a low voice : * What on earth are you up to, , Miriam 2 Why have you hustled poor ' . old Warriston into Miss „ Lome's , . corner ln unceremonious fashion % < Because, Kanaitoa vrnil you Hnor dear S\lri old boy, hnv being a woman, and nothing but a woman, I can see farther and gess more than you prosaic male creatures,' retorted Mrs Lorimer, patting her husband's big hand. 'Didn't I have dim ideas about my little Carrol Lorne being connected with Hector Lorne of Murieston from the beginning % And didn't I one day get so far into her confidence that the poor child poured out her whole pitiful story to me, only mentioning no names % Cut didn't I easily identify Hector Warriston as the man she hated because he had done her dead sister a wrong ? 5 * Hector Warriston ? I'd as soon believe I had committed a murder!' exclaimed Lorimer in a sudden outburst. 4 Why, Mirhm, you're mad to think of such a thing.' ' Did I say I thought of it ?' retorted his wife. ' You silly old thing, it is because I didn't believe it —because 1 was sure poor Carrol was under some mistake—that I planned and plotted to bring them together. And see if my plot doesn't succeed, Harry. If it does, and if £ succeed in making two people happy—for, being a woman again, my dear, I know enough of my sex to see that Carrol has to try her hardest to believe Warriston guilty, and to hate him—what will you say to me %' ' I'll say your plot is the best you've ever used, even in your best novel,' answered Harry, with unusual brilliancy. Warriston still stood before Carrol when their hostess had left them. At last he spoke in low, rather unnatural, tones. ' I am more than glad to have met you at last, Miss Lurne. I have been seeking you for the last two years, and had just given up in despair. Did you never see my advertisements ?' * Yes,' Cairol answered. She did not raise her eyes to his face; but Warriston, looking at her, saw that; she was changed in some indefinable way. The small, oval face was sweeter, and the eyes had lost some of their turbulent lights and shades, and were calm, clear, womanly. A strange, yearning desire to see those eyes look at him in friendly wise came over him. I saw them. I did not answer because I felt that, even if grandfather bad left me anything in his will, I could not take it. How could IV She shivered a little. ( He did leave you something,' said Warriston, ' and it is now lying safe for you, Miss Lorne. It is sufficient to make you independent for the rest of your life. You must not let any feeling of that kind stand in your way. Nothing of what happened was your fault.' ' Not my fault ? It was all my fault !' she cried, a tone of sharp pain in her voice. ' You know all, Colonel Warriston. You got my letter V * I got your letter,* he answered ( quietly. Miss Lorne, I may not have another chance again, and there is something I have to say to you— something that requires explanation. We are alone here. Mny I ask your leave to explain it now V " Will you sit down ?' Carrol asked quietly. She seated herself. Colonel Warriston sat down on the couch beside her, but at a little distance. ' It is about Gerald Mason ¥ she said presently, in a low voice. ( It is about the man calling himself Gerald Mason.' He paused, then went on slowly : 1 1 do not know how you came to know Gerald Mason, and I shall not ask. He is dead now, and we must deal with the dead as mercifully as we can. God alone has the right to judge him. I shall simply tell you the facts of the case. • I was not Mr Lome's only nephew, nor the only Hector Warriston * Gearld Mason ' was another.' Carrol started, looked with a palin^ face, then let her head droop, while her hands clasped each other convulsively ' Your grandfather had three children ; he was twice married. father was the eldest; he again when your father years old, and had tvi o May and Joan. These two brothers , each had eaoh named her son after Your married was a few daughters— two married a son, and her father, was the The ether Hector Warriston elder daughter's sou. ' It caused endless confusion. When we were boys we ' were at Eton together. Later on we both went into the Army. Of my cousin I shall say nothing. He is dead, and that should make us merciful. He was my uncle's heir. While in the Army he committed— a crime. I cannot mince matters. He was cashiered. ( He came to England and entered on a course of fraud. For long my uncle believed I was the guilty one ; but when I came home, and the truth was known,, he disowned Hector, broke the entail of Murieston, and willed the property to me. ' The papers Hector was in search of that night were those which broke the entail and made Murieston over to me. It was his belief that, if these papers were destroyed, and a promise extracted from your grandfather, he would still be heir of Murieston. I had not heard of his being in Scotland, but I knew he bore a different name in England, where he carried on what he called the profession of an Army tutor. But you know the re6t> ' Before his death he sent for me and confessed all. He also told me what I had not known before - ' He paused. Carrol, her face pale as death, looked up at last. ' Was it about Godwyn %' He bowed. ' He had been engaged to your sister. For some reason—whether to put her to the test, or for mere whim, we do not know—your grandfather promised to make Godwyn heir of his private property if she would give you up. Godwyn would not hear of the proposal and Hector, in a cold-blooded way, he acknowledged, wrote and told her he would have no more to do with her.' There was a long silence. Carrol at last looked up. There was deep humiliation in her face. 4 It is true. And I believed you were the roan who had done this. Colonel Warriston, I cannot ask you to forgive mej I cannot forgive myself. Oh, do not speak a word of kindness to me just now ! I don't think I could bear it.' She rose quickly, and, without another word, but with bent head, hurried away. Warriston did not see her again that night. CHAPTER IX. Hector did not see Carrol again for a day or two. She did not appear at meals, nor come down in the evening. One morning Mrs I orimer exclaimed jubilantly ; ' We are going to have some skating to-day, good people. Harry says the ponds at Dene Woods are bearing.' There was a general exclamation of delight. ' How far is it to Dene Woods? ' asked one rosy-cheeked girl. • Oh, not yery far—about five miles. We can drive, ride, or cycle, according to our individual tastes,' said the hostess. ' For my part, I think I shail cycle; the roads are dry, and there has been no rain to make them rutty. You are comingj Colonel Warriston ?' • I shall be glad, Mrs Lorimer,' tie answered, * though I fear I have got a bit rusty. We have very little skating on the Scottish sea-coast.' Warriston preferred to ride; his host and one or two other gentlemen joined him. As they were about to set off, preceeded by quite a band of merry cyclists, the Foxdene carriage, containing a few ladies, started. Warriston, lifting his hat as it passed, felt a strange throb at the heart, and then wondered why he should have felt it, as he saw Carrol's ruddy head among the others. She glanced back, and her eyes met his. She bowed, and— was he mistaken, or did he see her lip quiver ? It was a glorious day, and the air of the Downs was exhilarating as new wine. By the time they reached the ponds all of the company were in the wildest spirits, and gay conversation and laughter rang out on the clear, crisp air. From the point at which they now were a magnificent view could be commanded—the blue waters of the English Channel, glittering beneath the wintry sun, stretched towards the horizon many miles away ; beneath them were the dark trees ef the Dene Woods, extending for miles on either hand; around them the green slopes, mottled with patches of the white chalk of the Downs. Soon the whole company were upon the ponds, and were skimming lightly from end to end. The pands were in a hollow, and the banks above were covered with furze and withered 6hrubs—one of them was hidden from view by a sharp curve which it took. {To be Continued) 