OUR LETTER BAG. { The Editor does not engage to identify lnm self with the various opinions expressed under this heading, j THE SALTATION ARMY. To THK EDITOft. Dear Sin.—You very generously al" lowed space in your journal of last Satur* day. the 3rd instant, to enable your read" ers to learn a little about the Farm Colony on the Collie which the Salvation Army is now preparing for future opera tions on a large scale, which will become part and parcel with this philantrophy all the world over. May I ask j-ou to favor me by allowing mc space to give some further information to your readers upon the rapid advancement achieved by the Army since its commencement some thirty years ago. In the Ind'an If or Cry [ find the following much the same as I give it here. In the year 1865, the Rev. William Booth beholding the charchlcss and Christless crowds of East London, took his stand for Christ on the Mile End Waste, and aided by God, the Holy Ghost, and with an open Bible, be gan *to win souls, and thus laid the found ations of the Army. Under bis general ship the Army has now C,809, led by 14,441 officers and persons wholly em ployed in Salvation Army work in 47 different countries and colonies, besides 35,'224 local officers. The Army has 54 different papers and magazines, printed in 21 different languages, with a circu lation of 977,754 per twite. The Army is a great Temperauce Society, a vastorgan isation for the support of law and order, and supports a growing Missionary work among the heathens. There are 545 Social Institutions under2,062 officers and persons without rank, wholly employed in its Social Work. In the United Kingdom alone, since the Social Work was started 22,876 workless people have been received into factories ; 90,283 persons have been found (tempor ary and permanent) employment; 4,298 ex-criminals have been received into our Homes ; 3,036 ex-criminals have passed through homes, being restored to friends, or sent to situations, etc ; 18,540 lost per sons have been sought for, of whom 6,964 have been found ; 19,769 women and girls have been received into our Rescue Homes, of whom 16,189 have been sent to situations, restored to friends, etc. The Salvation Array exists to deal with that degradation nnd intense hunger of the poor, which has come upon all nations alike, and which is, we believe, the fountain from which all the externa! miseries spring. Had the love of Christ prevailed amongst even the Christian natious, they would not have allowed so many millions of their neighbours to become homeless and immoral. There- 1 fore the Army aims at forcing upon the attention of all, whether they have forgotten, or not so much as heard of Him, the Saviour crucified for the whole world. Not a voice indeed can be heard after all this, from the Sceptic or the Infidel, and if anyone calling himself a Christian can speak unkindly of the Salvation Army he will certainly falsify himself amongst the human race. Yours faithfully, E. R. PARSER. 