THE CONINGHAM DIVORCE CASE. THE SUMMING UP. FURTHER ADJOURNED. SYDNEY, December 13. The hearing of the- Coningham. divorce case, in which the ltev, Denis Francis O'Haran, private secretary to Cardinal Moran, lfe iiaaied as co-respondent, and from whom £5,000 is claimed as damages, was continued to-day, before Mr. Justice Simpson and a special jury of twelve. Mr. Want appeared for the co- respondent. He spoke for three hours and a half. He said it had been shown thajt one could «ot trust the word of these people. The jury must remember what Dr. O'Ha ran had at stake. If he was guilty of this most abomintaiile charge, occupying the po sition' iie did, he Should be flogged to death, with scorpions. No grave was ."bad enough for such a man to fill, no punishment would be too great. Should not justice be meted out to him? But if-he were innocent, was there a man in the country more worthy of their admiration and respect? He was innocent. He asked them, therefore, to let iim go out from the court with their verdict back to the people whom he had eerved for a lifetime. Let him with es teem and honour go back among his own oo-religionists, and be able to 3iold up iiis head before the wlvole world, saying, "I have gone before a jury of my fellow-coun trymen. I have been proved innocent upon mv oath, and before my God." Petitioner, who spoke for three hours, said he had heard the long discourse of Mr. "Want, and he regretted very much that his efforts should have been misused on behalf of such a creature by whom he was paid to try to prove that black was white and wni'te waa no colour at all. Was it likely that Dr. O'Haran would admit his guilt? What should be the punishment of a man whose duty it was to direct those erring in the paths of virtue, if the charges were proved? Judge of the demeanour of Dr. O'Haran under cross-examination. He pointed out ?the discrepancies in the evidence of some of the witnesses for the co-respondent. If there had been a word of blackmail in his letters the other side would have produced them. Xliere was not a breath of suspicion against the respondent since her marriage except this misconduct. He had fought the case penniless against the ablest counsel on the other side, surrounded by myrmidons to do their bidding. Turning round suddenly the petitioner said-'"How dare you look me in the face? You know what you have done to my life." The Judge spoke 'to the petitioner, who apologized. Continuing, the petitioner said-Fifty thousand pounds would not have squared him. The other side had never thought that the respondent would come into court. THE REV. DR. O'HARAK Bis Honor, in ' summing up, read the issues winch the jury had to try. The first ms whether the parties were married on March 11, 1893, about which there had be;n no contest, so that the jury might find in favour of the petitioner on that point. The second issue was whether the defendant had been guilty of misconduct with the co-re ondent. As he had told them during e progress of the case, it might appear strange to them, but it was quite open to a Judge sitting by himself, or a jury, to be lieve in certain circumstances, and accord ing to the evidence in any particular ca=e say that the respondent misconducted her self with the co- respondent, although they might find that the co-respondent was not guilty of misconduct with the respondent. There Was no question About such a verdict, for the simple reason that there might be evidence in the case against respondent, but no evidence whatever against the co respondent. ^Fhe admission that she had misconducted herself, if proved against her to the satisaction of the jury, was evidence agaipst her, and Judges ana juries might fina a verdict upon these admissions, but the admissions of the respondent outside the court, while they were evidence against her, were no evidence whatever against the co-respondent. That was both law and jus tice. If the respondent had not been called as a -witness there would not liave been the i smallest possible tittle" of evidence againEt l3r. O'Haran, because her admissions outside the court were no evidence whatever against the co-respon dent. Here, however, the woman had given evidence which was distinct from the ad mission outside, as against .Dr. O'Haran, and was entitled to such weight as the jury thought ought, in all the circumstances, to be attached to it. Alt the outset he might as well say; lie had never since he had been performing the duties of a Judge of the Divorce Court-) met with any case in which a respondent was called as witness, and had admitted her own misconduct, and had proved misconduct with the co-respondent. He was not aware of any case where such a th'ing had arisen. There were circum stances about the giving of the photograph which might be considered to amount to a corroboraifcion of the petitioner's story. Ac cording !to the evidence of petitioner he found it one day in his wife's box, on May 22 or 23 this year. The photograph had upon it the initials of Dr. O'Haran. Pe titioner said lie 'had noticed his wife's cool ness towards him, and searched tihe box one day when ehe was out, and found the pho tograph and the small harps produced. Respondent said the photograph was given .to ner one night after misconduct had oc curred, but Dr. O'Haran gave an entirely different version of it. He stated that Mrs. Coningham told him she got the photograph at a fair, as he had not given her one, and she went to him, and asked him to put lids initials upon it. He took it into a room Where other people were working at the time, and wrote his initials on it. The date on the photograph, October 2, Dr. O'Haran said was the only thing which enabled him to fix the date. After he "wrote the initials and the date he replaced the photograph in the paper in which it had been wrapped and re turned it. His evidence on this point was not corroborated. The value of the gift did not consist in its pecuniary value. He would noit allude to these matters any more than to refer to Mr. Want's suggestion that the name was written across the photo graph because otherwise it would be hidden when the picture was placed in a frame. Dr. O'Haran had given photographs tu , other ladies, and there had been no suggestion of impropriety in 'their cases. They had to find the issue "Yes" or "No." There was no euoh thing as "Not proven." They must consider it a principle of law that the ease for the petitioner must be made out to the satisfaction of the. jury without reasonable doubt. The petitioners story was clear and distinct. There was a somewhat parallel case, Ciocci v. Ciocci. In that case. the wife sought a judicial separation from her husband, and it was stated in support of tihe charge of misconduct made against him that lie had been seen talking to women of bad charac ter. The husbaaid sot up t'he defence that lie was a member of the Prisoner's Aid So ciety, and had talked to women in the I course of his duty. In that case the Judge ewid the presumption in favour of inno cence should be acted upon if there was rea sonable doubt. Without ocular . proof it was impossible to be absolutely certain in eases of iMs kind, but the Jaw required that the Jury ^houid be satisfied in their ? own minds beyond reasonable doubt. . Let them ask themselves in their own minds, doing justice to all parties, and not con sidering one party before^ the other, whe ther they were satisfied. They 'had not to search about for doubts. This was not n case in wlhich tlhey could find a verdict of misconduct against Mrs. Coning ham and not against Dr. O'Haran. That would be almost as serious a thing for the co-respondent as a verdict against him. Mr. Moss's action in the case was a very serious step to take, and it might have a serious effect upon the minds of the jury. He found no fault with Mr. Moss, ana only referred 'to it because one witness had stated that he saw Coningham going to Mr. Moss's office. What Mr. Want said was also perfectly true. No power could compel Mrs. Coningham to give evidence of her misconduct. There was no attempt on her part to take ad vantages of her privilege. She came as a voluntary, -willing witness. She had had a consultation with a barrister having a large practice in the court, and she had not soen fit to be represented at the trial. There had in this case been no defence of Condonation. As the petitioner had said, that had nothing to do with the question of misconduct; in fact, there must be an offence before it could be condojned. Con donation did not obliterate the offence, but in the law it had a serious bearing on a case. If Mrs. Coningham had set up and proved condonation, even if the issue had been proved aginst the co-respon dent, the "petitioner could not have got one penny damages, : and he t±lis Honor) would have had to dismiss the petition a& against Dr. O'Haran. The defence was a denial and a countercharge of conspiracy. j.he only way in which condonation came in was as to how it af fected the question whether these two people were working together. In all the circumstances if they believed Mrs. Coning: bam they must find a verdict in favour 5f thepetitioner no matter how it affected Dr. O'Haran. The consequences were almost as serious as if the co- respondent were on trial for his life. Charges of blackmailing had often been made, but that was no rea son why in this case the woman's story was not true. The jury had nothing to do with those other cases. He was sorry the doc trine of absolution had been brought into the case. It had been stated that a man might be guiltv of misctraduct on a Monday, go to the confession and get absolution, and then come to the witness box and say he had not been guilty of misconduct. Dr. O'Haran .said there was no misconduct. I Father Creegan, who brought his own Bible to be sworn, said it was not the teaching of the church that a man could get absolution and be considered as not having committed any sin. He (Hie Honor) always thought it was llae doctrine of the Church of Rome, and, indeed, of the Christian religion, that if a sin jvas forgiven that then it was wiped out. One of the priests had said that ab solution was "I absolve thee from thy sins in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." There was some difference, as he I understood' it, between the explanations given.by Father Creegan and Dr. O'Haran, at any rate in the first part of the tetter's evidence. He quoted from the evidence to show the doctrine of the Church of Rome on this point, and asked the jury if it was not the doctrine of 'the Christian religion and of the Scriptures. Did it follow from that that every Roman Catholic was going to come into the witness box and tell lies? He had had Roman Catholic servants, and his experience was that when they were good Catholics they were honest, reliably, | and truthful. If the jury believed the evi dence of Mrs. Atock, MJSS Johnston, Miss Iiollingdale, amd Father Byrne, then the story relaited by Mrs. Coningham as to the occurrences of June 29 could not he true. The petitioner said these people had put their heads together to get their priest out of it. IThe evidence of Father Byrne was clear, and was very . important. His Honor then, dealt generally with the case, and said the dates March 17 and June 29 had an important bearing on the truth or otherwise of respondent's evidence. She had not asked to correct her eyidence on these points, but maintained that her story was true. He did not think tihe fact of the respondent having had a misfortune in her early life affected her credibility. His Honor did not formally close his sum ming up before the court adjourned at a quarter to 7. SYDNEY. December 14. The hearing of the Coningham divorce case, in which the Rev. Denis Francis O'Hjjran, private secretary to Cardinal Moran, is named as co-respondent, and from whom £5,000 was claimed as damages, was concluded to-day, before Mr. Justice Simpson and a special jury of twelve. Air. Want, Q.C., appeared for the co-respondent. . His Honor continued his summing-up and did not complete it until he had spoken aitogether 5} hours. He referred to the wit ness Taylor, who stated that Mrs. Coning ham visited St. Mary's Cathedral during the hearing of the case, whereas court offi cials had sworn that she was in court at the time. . He concluded his address to the jury with these words;-"Remember that your duty is to return a verdict according to the evidence, regardless of any conse quences. Do not think I am overstepping my duty when I ask you to be very careful in dealing with tne suggestion that every Roman Catholic would commit perjury, would commit' a sin and then go into the box and conscientiously swear 'I never did it at all.' There is no evidence to justify it; the evidence is all the other way, what ever people may say. People will say things about the Church of Rome, just as the Church of Rome will say things about thji Church of England, things said which are jegrctted by everybody. A most un happy state of things existed at the opening of this cathedral, which might have been made the occasion of binding' up any wounds opened, but advantage was taken of the opportunity to make a gross attack on other churches. These considerations should not enter into the jury box. You must be careful not to allow yourselves to be influenced by any such suggestion. Above all, you must be very careful in dealing with a question of this kind at a time when the consequence of these unhappy things may be that the feelings of the people are very much incensed against the Roman Catholic Church hy reason of the action of one man at St. Mary's Cathedral. The jury retired at eight minutes past 11. After tne jury had retired, lir. Slalltery made an explanation to His Honor with re gard to Grimflhaw, who, Mrs. Coningham deposed, served the petition on her, and afterwards worked for Mr. Slattery, soli citor for Dr. O'Haran. Mr. Slattery said Grimshaw was recommended to him by the police. The jury, after ithey had retired for a quarter ot an hour, asked for the official shorthand writer's notes, which, by consent of both sides, were given to them. The jury returned into cpurt _ at half paat 4 and wished to kpow if His Honor nad directed tnem that if they thought wit nesses who had given evidence as to Dr. O'Haran being at a birthday feast at WimWedon at 5 o'eloek on the evening of June 29, 1898, gave truthful evidence as to the time the co-respondent was at that place they ought to conclude that the whole of respondent's .evidence was unreliable. His Honor replied that he could not di rect them to that effect. The jury had themselves to determine the credibility of witnesses. His duty was merely to direct them on matters oi law. They had them selves to determine what credence was to be attached to the witnesses. What he probably did say was that if they believed the witnesses in question to be Witnesses of truth, and if from the evidence the jury came to the conclusion that Dr. O'Haran was at the place named at the time the re spondent stated he was at the cathedral with her and committed impropriety, they, of course, could not place any reliance upon Mrs. Coningham. He did not direct them. As a matter of law, if these people were credible witnesses, if their story was cor rect then Mis. Coningham's story could not be true. His Honor, at the request of the jury, read the notes of the evidence given by the respondent on this point, and the jury"once more retired, *. At 6 0 clock Hib Honor returned to court and said he had asked the jury if they had agreed either unanimously or by a three fourths majority. The reply was that they bad so far only agreed on the first ques tion which related to the marriage of the parties. It was fdr the parties to eay; what should be done. The petitioner, in reply to a question by His Honor, said he would not agree to any thing less than a statutory majority. Mr. Want said that in no circumstances could he agree to a verdict by a simple ma jority. His Honor stated that there was a ma jority on the other questions, but not a statutory one, and he would lock the jury up till 11 o'clock. The jury, in reply to His Honor, »aid they did not require fur ther assistance^ and again retired. The court room was packed wflien, at a quarter to 11, the jury, by consent of tha parties to the suit, were called into court. In rcpty to His Honor the foreman stat ed that they had been unable to coine fcp any decision, except on the issue of the mar riage of petitioner and respondent. His Honor--Yon have not agreed, even by, a majority of 9 to 3? , The foreman-No, your Honor. His Honor-Do you think you could agree if you deliberate a little longer? [ The foramam*I do not think so. I may 1 say tihere ib no possibility of our agreeing-, even by a three-fourths majority. His Honor-Of course I don't wish in the slightest degree to bring amy pressure to | bear upon you, but I think It a ma-tter of regret that you are not able.to agree, even by a majority. The foreman again stated that there wag not the slightest possibility of the jury agreeing. The petitioner and Mr. Want then, In reply to His Honor, said they wouM agree to the discharge of the jury, aa they had been deliberating for 12 hours. His Honor tiien discharged the jury. In a few moments tihe parties in the case and their friends, as well afi the juxy, had left the court' quietly by t&e; St. James 4 street entrance. There were about 3,000 people in the vicinity of the court, and Ridging bv their demeanour the result was just what had been expected, for there iras no demonstration one way or the other. In a few minutes King and Elizabeth street* at this point presented a comparatively desert ed appearance. 