SILAS GEE, HUMORIST. Rat-tat-tat 1 1 Come in !' And Mrs. Dearlovo wont into tlio front room, whore hor boat-paying guost \--or lodger, just as you plcaso — was sitting. . 1 1 should lika to talk to you about tlio top floor young man, if so bo you can spare a minute, Mr. 'Oughton,' she said. 1 What,' exclaimed Harry Houghton ; ' about Silas Gee, tho humorist 1 Has he ran away and forgotten to pay his bill!' 'No, no, Mr. 'Oughton ; it isn't that at all. I think 'o's in a bad way, poor young man. You and 'im soom to bo inoro friondly-liko than 'im and mo, or I'd talk to 'im mysolf. Couldn't you lecture 'im a bit, Mr. 'Oughton, and persundo 'im to work for a living 1' 'Work for a living My dear Mrs. Dearlovo, Silas Geo doos work for a living, and ho works vory hard for it, too.' ' Oh, yos, I know 'e doos — in a sonso ; but I don't call writin' funny talcs real work. 'E gets no rog'lnr wago, you sco, and I fancy 'e's vory 'nrd prossodjust now, judgin' by tho quantity o' lead 'e receives. 'E's 'ad a lot moro lonir 'una than littlo 'una lately.' ' Moro what, Mrs. Dearlovo 1' ' Long 'uns — but, of courso you don't undorstand. I do, though. 'E sonds 'is funny yarns to different papers, and if the heditors don't want 'cm thoy send 'em back in long envelopes which drop rrongh the lottor-kox on to tho floor like lumps of load. If tho heditors koop 'otu then send littlo envelopos, which, I suspect, contain a voto of thanks — bettor still— a cheque. It fairly caps mo W 'o can write, 'umorous. 'E can't talk umoroue, can 'o 1 Upon my word every tim I look at 'im I think of that poor king in tho poetry who nover sinilod again. I said, when I first set oyos on 'em ' 'Ho is doing vory badly jnst now, then 7' interrupted Harry, who saw that his landlady, according to her usual custom, was running away from tho subject. 'There is no doubt about it; and not only that, 'o is far from woll. It strikes me 'e is starring.' Starving ' 'Yes; and 'e's that proud ho won't ask for 'elp. I wouldn't mind holding my weekly bills bock a bit till 'is luck changes, but when I 'intod at such a thing the othor day 'e looked as though 'e'd knock me down, and then 'o laughed, saying as 'ow 'o forgave my presumptivity because of tho spirit in which it was preaumptecV ' Ah. I understand.' ' That's moro than I do, auyway. Woll, 'o's taken to dining out lately. Being somewhat curious by nature, I followed him once or twice, and dining out in 'is caso, means a walk round and round the park — nothink moro. Now a man can't go without his dinner and thon Ait scrat', sort', scrattin' 'umorous parrigrnphs and stories all tho rest of tho day and 'arf the night ; yot Hint's what Silas Geo tries to do. 'E's as pulo as a ghost, and just as thin, and what 'o'll 1)0 lika soon if ho doesn't reform, I don't know. I wish you'd try to porsuado him to give up scrattiu' and got some work, Air. 'Ough ton.' ' I'll go nnd soo him now, to pleiuo you, Mrs. Dearlovo. By-the by, is Lilly — Miss Tebbatt — at homo I 'No; she's gone to a science class, though what she— a fully cortickifatod Board-school tcachor — wants with learnin' puzzles mo. But never mind about my niece. You just go and sea that 'umoriut feller, Silas Geo.' A few minutes later Ilarry Houghton knocked at the door of Silas Goo's littlo room. ' Como in,' said Silas, tho humorous writer : and Harry entered. Tho visitor was astoundod to sea how palpably true Mrs. Dearlovo's words wore. Silas was evidently very ill indoed. 'Goodness,' oxclaimed Harry; why, whnt is tho mutter, old man 7' ' Nothing. I've boon working ratfior hard lately, hut I'm going to luku a rust now, mid I shall soon pull round. I'm giau you navo caucu to seo mo. A chat will do mo more good than a dozen bottles of medicine.' ' You shouldn't work so hard, Silas ; you'll ruin your constitution.' ' I must, work hard. I have chosen literature — humorous literature— as a moans of livalihood, against tho wishes of ray friends, and I inean to stick to it. That moans hard work, uphill work — until I ' catch on.' ' Did your friends nnd rolutives doubt your literary ability, thon 7' asked Harry, with a slight emphasis on tho won ' relatives ' — a word which Silas had not used. Harry Houghton, liowovor, for reasons of his own, wished to know some thing about tho humorist's rohitivos. ' Did I say relatives 7 I Jiavo none — nt least, not worth thinking about — uono who think about mo, that is. My friends tlioughtl was blessed with a littlo litorary talent, but not enough to livo on, nnd, upon my word, I am inclined to bolioro that tlioy wcro right, though I wouldn't let them know it for worlds, ' I used to bo a bank clerk in a Midland town, and I managed to earn a faw guineas by writing humorous stories during my leisure hours. My slight success spoilt mo. I calculated that if I could make £50 a year by writing after my ordinary day'a work wnH dono, could earn ton tou times that amount if I cared to dovoto tho wholo of my timo to literature. 'Accordingly, I left my berth at tho bank, took up quarters in London, and lioro I am. I can make ends moot, certainly. All the enmo, if over you hoar of a young man thinking of giving up a permanent nnd fairly ronumcrative appointment in order too woo that fascinating and ficklo nymph, that gaily gilded and delusivo siren, tho will-'o-the wispish Goddess of Literature, tell him that lie is either a gonius or an ass, and tliat tho odds nro nine hundred nnd ninety-nine to ono in favour of his being a donkey. Where ono succeeds, nine hundred and ninety-nino Attain un- honoured mediocrity or fail > outright. Dear mo. How I'm running on. It's not like ma, is it I' 'No it isn't, Silas. I'm rather sur prised — that is — woll I havo novor heard you sjeek in that strain of your work bofpt/'jpTour exporienco is dooply interesting. You must come to soe me more freoly. I insist upon it. I am always glad to seo you you know,'. 'It is very kind of you, Horry I would have— but ' In an instant Silas Goo's couqtenanc.0 underwent a chamqlon-liko chango. His eyos assumed an uncanny expression, and his already pale fnco turned- deathly white. His words wore less coherent as he continued: — ' Ah I yes, of coarse. By-the-bye, will you lond mo £10 7' ' Eh 7 With pleasure,' replied Harry Houghton, who was somowhat startled by tho unexpected request ; ' hero are fivo sovereigns and I will lot you havo tho olhes fivo by to- inorrow noon. Will £5 do for tho prcsont 7' ' What 7 Oh I yos, of course. Tho fact is Harry, Mrs. Dearlovo tampers with my bills for board and lodging. Sho doliberatoly forgets to put down cortain itoms every week, and I — yes, I'vo boon caddish onough to protond I didn't know. I calculate that I owo hor about £10, and I'll make hor havo it. I'm a poor man, but I'm too proud to live on a widow's charity. You shall havo your £10 back soon. In a short timo I shall roccivo a choquo of £1000.' '£10001' ' Yes. I am compoting for tlio £1000 prize offered by n certain publishing firm for tho best novel submitted in open com petition, and something tolls mo I shall bo tho winnor. The result will bo known shortly. My novol, which is entitled A Litorary Hack, is not a humorous story. It is pathetic — tho first of tho kind I ovor attempted — and it will win the prize. I know it will. You soo, I know tho subject I was writing about. Litorary lifo is a grand life, with all its ups and downs. Hang literature. A man, not attaohed to a papor, who says ho can make a living by writing short storios — humorous ones — is a born humorist. There is more in that than meets tlio eye.' And at this point tho raving raanioo's faco assumed its wonted look. 'How are you, Harry 71 ho asked, in his natural voiee, as though Harry had only at that moment entered tho room. I I I am pleased to soe you. Sit down, old man. Goodness, what nro those sovereigns doing here 1' 'Why,' replied Harry Houghton, thoy are yours.' Thon, noting tho look of incrodulity in Silas Goo's oyos, ho added, ' yours — from mo.' ' From yon 1 For mot How dare yon insult mo so 7 Go, sir. I tun disappointed in you.' Tlio noxt day Mrs. Dearlovo's niece, Lily Tebbat, and Harry Houghton were dolofully disoussing the situation, whito Mrs. Dearlovo was upstairs attending to tho invalid. Silas Gee had been com pelled to ' givo in ' immediately after his interviow with Harry Houghton. ' Tlio doctors says ho cannot live more than 24 hours,' said Lily, who was deeply affeotod — moro dooply, in fact, than tho tho circumstances of tho caso socined to warranc. ' How vory sad,' remarked Harry. ' It is overwork and worry I suppose. ' Yos, and lack of nourishing food. He has boon allowod to go too far. His caso is hopeloss. Tho worst of it Is, Harry, ho lovos me, and lias been in lovo with mo for a long timo. ' What.' ' It is true, but plcaso do not bo jealous. I did not know of it until last night, and I can never lovo anybody else but you— in tho sonso you mean. Mrs. Dearlovo summoned mo to his room lost night, and ail tho time I was there ho was constantly raving abont ills hithorto undoolared passion. I cannot — I will not — repoat tho words ho uttered in his deliriums, for thoy arc sacred.' 'Poor follow,' said Harry, 'I must confess, though, your nows both startles and alarms ine.' 'Poor follow, indeed. Ho has no rolntivos, no real frionds, avon — oxcepting aunt and you nnd mo — to bo with him to tlio last. IIo dare not ccnfoss his love, mid I am glad of it, for how coald I answer a dying man 7 Again, when lio is not delirious ho is always asking if thoro is n lottor for him. Thoro is some- thing clso on his mind. Mrs. Dearlovo says sho has never scon a happy look on his faco during tho past threo months. If ono could only make liiin happy — ovon for a single moment.' 'Lily.' ' YesT ' Confess yon lovo him a littlo.' ' I beliovo I do. I pity liirn, nnd pity is akin to lovo, thoy say.' ' Lily.' ' Yes.' 'Mako tlio poor follow happy.' How 7' Harry thoroupou whispered a sugges tion, and after a littlo hesitation, Lily consented. Tho noxt day was Saturday, and from ono o'clock in tho morning until daybreak Lily Tobbatt attended to tho wants of tho dying rami. Iler presonco had a soothing offoct on the invalid. Ho tasted fowl, prepared by her hands, an excellent sign, considering his illness hod reochod such an acnto stago that tho sight of food was hateful to him. Ho hnd a short slocp, and was not at all dolirious. When ho awoke ho spoko a littlo, and oncouragcd Lila, by nil menns in his powor, to speak to him. 'How very good you nro to roo, Miss Tobbatt.' ' Not at all,' responded Lily, with tears in hor oyes. ' I am vory sorry for you, aud I would, if I could, do moro thon this for you.1 Silas started. ' Why tho emphasis on tho word ' you,' ho nskod. 'Don't you undorstand! Bocauso I like you.' 'Mo 7' 'Yes.' ' Miss Tebbatt you surprise me. It is so pleasant to think there is someone who cares for mo. I wish I had known be fore. Givo me your hand.' Lily complied with tho request nnd tho worn invalid kissed her hand. 'Now you must go to sloop,' sho said. 1 You must not apoak again, or I shall bo offonded. When tho sick man again fell asloop ho raved, but his raving was moro subdued, and his thoughts were ovidontly on some bright things. Ho did not open Jiis eyes until nearly eight o'clock. 'I fool hotter now,' ho said, with an effort, ' theugh I can toll I am sinking. It is ,vory kind of you ' Rat-tat. i 1 Tho postman. I wondor what nows ho brings.' . ' . Harry Houghton just thon entered tho room. Good morning, Silas,' ho said,, ,' Are you any hotter I Here is a letter for yon, I just picked it up! ...... . : 'Opon it, Harry,' said tlio sick man, nervously, ' I am rathor weak.' , Harry Houghton thoroupon oponcd tho envelope. , . 'What is thist A cheque for £1000. By Jovo. And what is this 1 A Jotter informing you you that you havo won tho £1000 prize with your novel. Who would havo thought yon wore such,a.genius 1' Silas Goo was too orach ovorcomo with emotion to spook for some timo. At last ho found his tonguo, and ho askod to bo left alone with Miss Tobbatt. 'Lily,' he then said, 'I cannot tell yon how groat a weight has boon lifted off my mind. I hod not a single penny with which to pay my doctor's bill, my land lady's bill, and soveral other small bills, amounting in 'all to about £25. I want you to take this cheque, pay my debts, and kccD tho rest. It is a lcoacv from a man who dearly loved you. If I hod only known that you — but I must not complain I am happy now — happier than I thought possible.' And shortly afterwards Silas Geo, best of good follows, passed to " whero bvyond those voices thoro is peace." What almll I do with this cheque, Harry V askod Lila during tlio day. ' Don't lot thnt troublo you. It is not worth the paper it is written on. I sent tho choquo and the letter myself to cheor him during his lost momonts. Perhaps it was wrong of me to do so, but I think it was a caso of justifiable deception. 