?20?2S_0?„ ?3??33 23AD. | ?- I PuoFEesou Pzppsr, of "Pepper's Ghost" fame, has just died at Hey ton stone, England, where he had recently beeu living. To the younger genera- tion " Pepper's Ghost" i3 more a'' legend thau a reality, but 30 years '. ago It was as popular 3S the present j olograph. The death of the professor i " carries the memory to the days ' when the miscellaneous theatrical i matinee had not been iu-ented, and those curious variety shows of recrea tive science called ' Polytechnic Insti tutions' were popular with the classes who we re blessed with mid-day leisure without knowing exactly how to use it. It was in IS-iS that Jdbn BAn—v Pepper, born in IS2I, was appointed Tec'cDic'-s patrons. bus Professor ! different was wanted, and he turned j bis attention to the " ghesr" method named Dtrck.3 arought to his notice. : ' Pepper told me that the idea of ' Pepper's Ghost' came lo him one 33 he wa3 walking out of St. James's Hall fame. But there Is no doubt that he worked on Dirck3*s idea, and developed the arrangement of mirrors and glasses, which made 'Pepper's Ghost' celebrated. At first he worked with mirrorj at the side of tha stage, but Professor Sylvester, who joined aim, introduced the mirror beneath the footlights and the front g:a?s on tho stage, and that was the i method afterwards adopted. For a j long while audiences did nor under- j people like myself, who understand 1 the use of mirrors, knew how the j thing was done, although that did not [ lessen our enjoyment of a ghost per- 1 formance. It was decidedly enter taining to see an apparently solid 'ghost' walk through another character on the stage. But tht> ghcst has his day, and has not beeu much heard of in recent years. There is no doabt that Pepper made a lot of money out of the ghost, but he did cot die rich. Nearly 20 years ago he went to Australia to" 'make rain ' for the farmers, long before the American ram- makers appeared, but it was not a success. HI3 ide3 1713 to cause r3in to fall by mesn3 of aerial explosions, but he could not make rain fall where there wa3 no ram up in the aky, and so he could do nothing in piaces'where rain wi3 most wanted. He after wards became public analyst at Bris bane." Professor Pepper brought out successors to the " Ghost" in the " Sphinx " and tha " Protean cabinet," but none succeeded like the ghost, and " Pepper's Ghost" will remain his chief claim to celebrity. Atr3 Zingara Ailard.an old woman, living alone in => cottage at Alburv Plat, Albary, was found by a neigh bour on "Wednesday night lying dead ia front of a rdrel Nearly all her clothing was burned, and the woman's body was very much charred. James Stanbury, the es-chaaipion sculler of the world, was interviewed in Sydney this week and expressed lu3 willingness to row 2. Tressider, of Newcastle, for a good stake if his'old supporters would find the needful. Tresaider, it is reported, can. Snd backing to meet Stanbnry on the Par-ram atta Sirer for £200 a-aide. Air G-. Glover, of Aberdeen, while working in a paddock near that place on Priday last, had hia attention attracted by the cries of a dog in diBtie33, and on going to see what was the matter found a small terrier attacked by two eagle hawks. He drove the birds off and rescued the dog which, judging by the marks of the birds' talon on its side narrowlv escaped making a meal for the eagles. 