Religious. THE SPIRITUAL LIFE. By GEORGE FORREST BROWNE, D.D., Bishop of Bristol. "Eyes have they, but they see not."—Psalm cxv. 5. A controveray is going on in this Psalm between the heathen and the worshipper of the true God. The heathen has his heathen gods, his idols, his idol worship, about him, and he taunts the wor shipper of the true God with the tact that be bat nothing to show—" Where is now thy Godf" The answer of the itnie worshipper is simple, " A* for our God, He is in heaven," and then he proceeds lo pour scorn upon the gods of the heathen. They hare eyes, he says, and they see not. We may think he would have been stronger if he had said, " You say they have eyes, but they have not; it is all nonsense, therefore they cannot see." I think his irony, hit) sarcasm is stronger when he says, " Take it at the best, take it as you put it, say they have got eyes, yet you have no answer when I say to you they cannot see." To bare eyes and not to see, that is the thought I want to put before you this morning. There are many illustrations of this that we can see with our eyes, and yet not really see. It is still true of a con siderable number of pencils, not perhaps those who come here, that when they Me a page of a printed book they do not really tee anything, for they can not read, and to tboM of you who can read freelj if it happens to you to oome into an old church and look at an old {ascription or an old stone you Me it, but you do no more than Me. You do not really Me because you cannot aa a matter of fact decipher it. You do not know what it means, la no proper sense do you see it at all. Or again, witb a great many persons wbo are very fond of music, and know a good deal about music, a page of printed or written music give* no Idea at all because we do not know what the notes mean. We Me, but we do not in any real sense see. Many who in these days near a language and do not understand it say, " It's all Greek to me." These are all instances of seeing and not realty seeing. Knowledge is required to enable you really to see. There is another thing in another walk of life which is required to make you really see, and that is sympathy. 1 think th« broadest illustration you can take of that is the contrast between two meu, each of them looking at a flower. There is a beautiful little story about a man in prison, a prison in the fortress at FenestreUe. As he used to pace about the narrow, confined space he saw, pushing up between two stones, a little green thing, and day by day he watched it pushing up, pushing up, throwing out ite little rU'iimeisUl leaves, then its little buds, then its littie floweis. and when the order came that It must be swept away he entreated, begged, and prayed that that beautiful little thing, which he had watched from its first commencement «nd got so deeply to love with all his heart, might be spared, and then he did not care what happened. Compare him with the man of whom one of our poets says: " A primrose by the river's brim, A yellow primrose is was to him, And it was nothing more." A want of sympathy makes all the difference be tween seeing the depths of beauty and meaning in a (thing and seeing nothing in tne world but Just the outer thing presented to the eye. The in telligence, tne heart Trmkc ut sen much more than the eye as a matter oT simple facts rests upon. 80 it must be with the spirit and the conscience, and that is what 1 want to cum your thoughts to. lam sure no one here would desire to live the mere animal life, and by th»* I do not mean ijife of excesses, of coarseness, of improprieties, at all, nor a life of sin. I mean simply as I said, the mere animal Ufe-^that is. the life which thor- oughly enjoys the'proper pleasures of ttris world, but as time goes on ana aiey grow olaer and lose tfie keenness of their enjoyment tiere is nothing lv take the place. The jsem pusses away, tne en joyment becomes less and iess Keen, ana us they grow older and older and older tney imi tuev ar* getting less and less of happiness in their We. The oTd things are passing out and new tilings are not coming in. That is what I mean by the mere animal life. There is one pleasure oner an other becoming less keen, the life is oecoming l*as happy, instead of becoming, as the life 01 every single one of iv ought to do, more and more full as the time goes on, more and more happy as the bodily frame tends to become weaker and to decay. And the only way in wnicn you en., secure that most precious or all happiness here on earth is by letting the spiritual life play into ana spiritualise and ethereallae the bodily life. The eye of the spirit must see; then you live the life of real dignity. Your work in this world may be what people who don't know about it call base, mechanical; it may be menial, all the same you can make It be tne life that is noble, that is dig- nified by the spirit in which you do those thing* thiit to other people may sewn lwse, mpun. rind mechanioal. On the other hand, the duty ot your life may be what every one would describe, and rightly describe, as noble and as dignified. Yet you can so do it with such a want of true spirit that to you, noble and dignified as the work really is, it is nothing but base, mean, and mechanical. The whole difference is just in this—doea the eye of the spirit see or does the eye of the spirit not see? That the eye of the spirit may really aae. thfc spirit must have sometimes rest and quiet. You know, you busy business men, what it la to be in a hurry. Some of you have no doubt seen that very striking Indian figure which is reproduced in so many sizes and 60 many materials, a figure with an inscrutable face, sitting cross-legged and urnu crossed too, gazing always steadily down into the palm of the left hand, a •posture of perfeot repose, of" simple gating for ever steadily and steadfastly at that which moves not, to the complete exclusion of everything around, seeing nothing, but just tixing ne attention upon the palm 01 tn eft hand. That Is the Indian idea .t contemplation, and if you go to the Kast now and see one of those men who profess to have a knowledge of the other world and see beyond what every one else can see, you will find he puts him self in an attitude of complete repose, and peers into the palm of the left hand, and devotes him self to holding the hand so steadily and fixing his gaze upon it all the time. That may seem to you impracticable: but rest—some rest at least—it needed for the soul's vision. Tou know your selves what it is if you have really an important interview on hand, and have some really important work to settle in the next ten minutes. Tou know of what importance H is ito have Just a couple of minutes by yourself. So you want tine to look into the eternal verities, to look into tne state of your own soul, to look into th<s spiritual world as far as you can, and draw therefrom some spiritual sustenance that shall stand you in good stead for months to come. If only you relax a little the busy course of your social life there is a little gap made. Tour life is so busy, the life of almost every one here—certainly my life—is so busy in the ordinary run of affairs, there is no time for anything like sufficient spiritual thought, spiritual intuition, and spiritual insight. And you must clear something out of the way, something that is bringing you too much into the animal life or overcrowding your life, clear something out of the way that there may be a little time for the eye of the spirit to think and to see. And if you do so, what shall the eye of your spirit see? That depends on another question. How have you limited the range of vision oi the eye of the spirit? Wavt jou put a blank here and there beyond what it shall not see? Have you limited the range of your belief ? Are you determined that you will not believe certain spiritual things? Don't say that; leavt it open, so that the eye can range anywhere. In the one case, if the intelligence, If tfee intellect, persists li. saying, " I will not believe"—ehaJl we say—" in the immorality of the soul, 1 will not believe in the existence of a personal God, I will not believe In this or that or the other belief of the religious life"; if you persist in saying that, you have put all round you a horizon beyond which you cannot see. Your sky is a non-transparent thing; you cannot see through it to the verities beyond, and it is your own fault. It is not because they are not there, but because you have practically said to yourself, " My intelligence tells my spirit beyond that it shall not go." If, on the other hand, you do not so limit the range of your spiritual vision, there is no such horizon. Tou see clear through and beyond; you look up and see through everywhere, and your *oul is lost in the adoration of Qod upon Men You wiU see through all the works of Natva aad of grace, you will see Almighty God working through the several departments of the Father, th- Son, and the Holy Ghost One who would not allow the eye of his spirit to go beyond a certain point, one of the best agnostics, not Tong ago said this: "The pitiless brazen heavens overarch us and believers alike. We bear our trials, or our hearts break." Those are the words of one of the ver,> oest men in himself, who wanted to strictly limit the eye of the spirit by refusing to a How it to range beyond the point the intellect could Teach iltat was the best he came to, that wi 3 the mourn ful spirit in which he died. On the other hand, lo«k at Stephen, who by the power of the spirit .sMfcad up to the heavens and said: "I see tttt heavens open, and the Son of Man standing on the right hand of God." Seeing the Bishops have generally evolved from the curate stage, and that the fledge lings are eeteemed more or less for their social qualities, lit ought not to be a re markable thing (says a London paper) to find a Blehop able to play the " Old Hun dredth." At a bazaar the other day the Bishop of Queensland (Dr. Webber), who is in England, accompanied that well-known hymn in the absence of « regular pianist. A philosophical statistician calculates that in the year 2000 there will be 1,700,000,000 peop'e who sp ak English, and that the other European languages will be spoken by only 500,000,000 people. SUNRISE IN MORBTON BAY. (" Queenslander" Photo. KNITTED UNDBRVBST. KNITTED SOCK. WOMEN'S WORK IN THE WAR. 