] i would seem that tlie city of Vienna is making a name for itself as the/ore? el orii/o of startling new and novel ideas. Tlie latest scheme launched from this fruitful source of wondei-s lias to do with an attempt at a practical application of the phonograph to historical purposes. We are informed that the Vienna academy of science has resolved to add a department of phonographic archives to one of the public libraries. From the particulars to hand it appears there are to be three sections— tlie first for the preservation of everyexisting European language aud dialect, aud later on of all non- European languages; the second for the record of the linest contemporary musical performances, to which it is proposed to add the " popular'' music of peoples and races in distant countries; and the third for collecting phonograms of speeches or orations by celebrated preachers, politicians, actors, lecturers, itc., of the present generation and of later times. The scheme so far at least has the merit of recognising the phonograph as some tiling more than a uiere marvel to excite wonder, or a scientific toy to amuse. The primary difficulty it seems experienced in connection with tUt Vienna experiment, consists of the difficulty in finding a more durable mateiial than vulcanite, of which the plates for the gramaphone are now '^composed, and experiments with different metals are now being made by order of the Academy. We are told that should the plan prove sue cessful, the Vienna Academy of Science will invite the learned societies of other countries to follow its examples. There is, without doubt, fascination about this proposal to imprison the voices and melodies of men and women of the current age for the recreation and information of generations yet unborn. Should the difficulty of maintaining the permanency of such records be overcome, they will certainly, in a sense, possess an iuterest for later generations; but whether will be of a flattering nature is open to doubt We all know the storm of abuse that descended on the music of Wagner oti its tirst appearance, aud how slowly it gained the esteem due to it. Had it come to us by means of phonographic preservation a hundred years earlier, what would have beei its fate? Would it ever have survived the jeers of the musical world of that time and established a claim to recognition ? In like maimer the speeches of our most eloquent orators and a! statesmen, that we think wonderful specimens of rhetoric, may but excite the laughter of an age yet to dawn: for changes in diction, altered sense of words, modilication of pronunciations and other minutire may play treacherous pranks with the most moving discourse. An example of this sort of thing is often witnessed in connection with the acting of the " ghost scene in Ihunlel now-a-days. • A murder re presented on the stage- has some effect on the audience, because such tragedies may and do happeu, but a "ghost makes no appeal to the feelings of ; modern audience, and even the juveniles are more inclined to grin than shudder as the sheeted figure comes on the stage. Then when Hamlet exclaims. '• Alas! poor ghost, 7 ' the spectators are often more ready to smile at what is meant to be really a most pathetic exclamaion than to be solemn. The altera- g s tion in the ideas of the age that now is, from that in which SHAKE- SPIIERE wrote, is responsible for this transition. Then men—even the most educated — believed almost as implicitly in ghosts as they did in God, but modern scoffers look on the whole " theory of apparitions, as the result of cold pork or crayfish suppers, coupled with a lonely house, a windy ht, and. perhaps, a not too easy conscience. We can hardly be surprised at the proposition eiuanatiug from the learned society in Vienna, for, during the last few years, the phonograph has come into more general use, even although it has not yet fulfilled its early promise. A number of business men in London are said to find it a most useful aid in their work, and ccrtain Cabinet Ministers are reported to employ their leisure time in speaking into the instrument matter that clerks can later on convert into official documents. It would be a reat convenience for a candidate for Parliament in Victoria, for a large :ountry constituency, who has to speak at many places, if his first utterance at the principal town in the electorate was "spoken into" the phonograph and simply " turned oil" at other meetings, the candidate merely attending, not to speak, but to "answer any questions" when the phonographing of his views was over. It would appear that . . ,, . -- . , . oye» nnaaonancs to Afnca are tok.«,6 plionographs with theui, and sending to London, cylinders containing the Lord's Prayer and the Ten Commandments in the native dialect in order that those who intend following their footsteps may learn something of the native tongue befoiv leaving England. Considering these matters the "man ill tlie street" inav well exclaim con- — l oming scientific and inventive elopnfents "What ne.tr 