PURPLE PASSAGES. South Africa has been the grave of many repu tations, but it has brought to the front a band of brilliant journalists who, but for tho war, might have lingered in obscurity till their natural end. Among the many who hat e made a same for th.emselves with the pen is the Aus tralian, Mr. A. G., otherwise, "Smiler," Hales, who Is now doing excellent descriptive work for tho "Dally News." Hales is an impressionist, gifted with a large fund of humor, and ho mixes the two things Into an admirable salad. Sometimes he is very "high falutiu'," but always picturesque and effeetive. Here is a sample of his eloquence describing a night attack at Sprlngfontein: — "Iu the blackness, where no eye but the eye of God could reach, we each man stood face to faco with his own soul, and few were there who did not wish some pages of his past had never been written in the book of life. It was a ser mon in silence, yet so eloquent that every soul was stirred. Some of us thought of home, of wife and child; others let tlioir fancy rove to her whose girlish lips had clung to theirs when the dear home ties were broken by the rudo kpjid of war. Others in that grim period thought fond ly of a large and healthy rock to hido behind, and he whose hand traces theso lines owns readily that he was ono of them. For it hud dawned upon him in that evil hour that all tho fame and glory in the world would not he big cnougli to plug a tiny holo a Mauser bullet makes. Then came tho shells, shrieking aud wailing through the horrible clouds of night, like devils driven for over in hopeless horror from the gates of the oternnl city. Wc knew not whence they came nor whither they wero going. Wo only know, and cared to know, that they wero made of iron, whilst wo were made of some thing not much harder than mud; and a voice within us told us that If there wero a collision, it would not damage the shells." Ill another passage Mr. Hales says of the pro jectiles: — "They seemed to weep as tliey sped towards us, like women who bad been widowed through the deeds of evil men. They lifted up their voices in tho night, and screamed as I have heard a horse scream in tho quicksands. They laughed as a drunkard laughs when delirium lias possession of his brain; they howled as wolves howl through tho snow-covered forests of Canada; and we tried to scoop holes in the earth to put our heads in." This sort of thing reminds one of the "Morn ing Post" man's purple passago anent the music of bullets, and tho "Globo's" retort. Tho "Post" correspondent, in describing tho sounds made by various missiles, referred to tho peculiar nolso made by a ricoelietting Mauser bullet as being "like the coughing of a sick ghost." Tho "Globe" said its experts avowed it was much more akin to the groaning of a gouty worm. 