A LION'S WHELP. 1 A STORY OF THE SOUTH AFRICAN. WAR, [BY' A. O. HALES.] WRITTEN ON STORM UK RG BATTLEFIELD. Me was only a. boy, and he looked it, in spite of the rifle that was slung over his clean-cut shoulders ; the.men called him ' the Kid,' which was apt to raise his wrath at times, for he was genuinely ashamed of his hairless chin and flwV*L-C T-Tf» clv.lVP/1 r/»!iivl/incl»r no /-\flmi as he could find the time and the soap, whereal the huge, hairy-faced animals, wlfo formed the greater part of Mont morenci's Scouts, would grin behind their hands, and make unholy allusions to 'crops that would not grow in new ground'' His mother would not have been ashamed of him if she could have seen him that morning,' standing with his left hand on his borsc's bridle-rein,, whilst the rising sun frollicked in and out amidst his. reddish-brown curls, which his wide-brimmed scout's \ hat, with black drooping feathers, only half concealed. His father would not have blushed to own him had he been there, to see the well poised- head thrown de fiantly back ; the '.bold, : full throat all bare to the morning breeze ; the hard, brown hands so shapely, yct'so strong, for he looked like a lion's whelp, and an hour later he died like. one. Mont morenci's Scouts were out for business, not for a picnic party; they stood behind a low kopje holding their horses in readiness for attack, whilst their leader, the fearless Montmorenci, himself skirted the hill, and. swept the veldt beyond -with his. field-glasses. The scouts knew perfectly well that the Boers wore close to 'them,; they knew that the Boers were aware of their pre sence, they knew, also, that it was going to be a duel to the death' ; and these men, who knew the Boers, and their ways better than any men living, looked grimly, serious, for each man knew well in his heart that' before the shadows of evening fell death would have shaken hands with many a British scout and many a Boer veldt hunter. -It wasva strange scene for a ;. man to look upon — :a scene '-'where the 'shadows of war seemed to- .flirt with ihe sunshine ( of peace.' Two long,. lines of kopjes— black, bare, and stern- browed— ran in parallel' lines from north to south, whilst ,a strip of' veldt a mile wide stretched between the two, * like a long green band of water betwixt its banks. The morning wind bent and swayed Jhe green grass with .its caressing touch, and the sunshine and the shadows met, embraced, and melted apart again, like lovers meeting by moonlight. . ? ' , Yet, in the kopjeson the eastern. side, Boer marksmen, crouched behind rocks, ,with -rifles slung'.'over their knees, watclied''and~waited-;;whiistt. from, the western* hills Montmo'renci's scouts scanned every ripple in the grass with keen-set eyes. Both' Boer and Briton knew that no, chances were. to be thrown away. ? .They had'hunted for each other's lives for weeks, pitting cunning, against, cunning, skill . against skill, .and the honors had been about even; but the '.lay had at last arrived when one or the other would have to fall back broken and beaten. The leader, of the scouts was the first to grow weary of 1#» nro,Yl/» r\f Y-»nti*»i-irA T*iirnlnn-i tr» nnri of his officers he said ;.'.' It's no use sitting here any longer; that fellow Van Brokhazzin- will not shift into the open it 1 Wait for him till doomsday. ' We'll have to go and fetch him out.'' The scout, shook his head. 'The, mail who goes into the open goes to his death as soon as he gets within range of .their rifles' and. a-Maiiser rifle carries far, sir,' he said. \ ? Montmorenci closed his glasses with, a snap and picked up his rifle.; 'I'll be the first to go, then,' he said, '? This/ Boer fellow shall riot say that Montmorcnci's scouts were afraid to ftice'hinv. I'll go out as master of cere monies and send him a leaden invita tion to the dance.'. Twenty seconds later the scouts slipped out of the kopjes, crawling on hands and knees through the grass, making from one anthill *or loose' rock to another, creep ing slowly but with unswerving cer tainty towards the Boer position. Mont morenci 'himself walked nonchalantly a good hundred paces in front of his men until he reached a spot which seemed good to- him to open the battle; llien I he. dropped on one knee anil, raising his rifle steadily, fired at the kopje in front of him. It was* his 'invitation to the dance of death,' and the- Boers did noideline it. Out they crept from their hiding places in the rocky kopje, stealthily, like panthers, they slipped one by one into the veldt grass, anil they too crept behind the low bushes or any kind of cover that the plain, offered them until the two, hostile -parties were well within rifle range of each other, and then the; awful game of slaughter began in deadly earnest ; rille spoke to. rjfle until,. the' warm' African earth was painted in many' places with the rich crimson life-blood of both Boer and Briton. Suddenly the British leader sprang from cover andjnade a reckless dash towards the. enemy's lines. It was a madman's effort, a wanton waste ?of life, for in the twinkling of. an eye .half a dezen rifles cracked, and be, the very flower of chivalry, reeled in ' his tracks, staggered a moment, wheeled halfway round towards his own men,' and then fell as a tree falls. His men saw his limbs twiching- in the grass, they knew that there was not one chance jn; a million that his wounds were .not mortal, for the men they were fighting were the flower of the -marksmen', of the whole Boer army. A. grim-faced old scout called to his mates, 'It's all. over with the captain, boys :; if he' not; dead now '.he'll bleed to death vn forty seconds.' ?.'??'. '???-.:. ' :,:/': :- ' \' .:','. ?'??: ???'?:? ' If -ve could bring, him 'in' he might have a chance,' replied his right hand mate, as, he filled his magazine, and peered -cautiously; round his sheltering anthiir for some one to shoot at. 'I'd .risk, 'it;' snarled the first speaker,.' if there ;Ayas a ghost ..of ra. chance, but 'it's ?certain .death to anr man who stands ori his feet here. No man outside of a lunatic asylum would try it.' But he was- mistaken, for e'veri as he spoke a well-knit boyish figure leapt up- within a dozen yards of_ him, and made a headlong rush for tlie'spDr' where the leader of the scouts lay. .'sp' strangely still. .... ..-:.; % : \ V.-: ?'? '?;' '??'. ? 'Gome back, ' ? Kid,' '' yelled a score' of voices,' „:?' 'Come back,- for Christ's sake!',. But-the Kid did riot come back. The bullets fell around him like a rain shower. ', /They ;cut; the earth lip arbiind him, in front of.'him, behind him ;??'??' the little; leaden: devils that--M9sed4**Cu, fiercely ripped, through his clothes and' earned Vaway hisThat',' yet riot one of them touched the fear less young; lion as' he raced onward; trying,. for his fallen leader's': sake, to outstrip' death. He reached , Mont morenci's side, knelt swiftly and picked up the head of the one he had wor shipped as a leader and loved as aiinan, and found that, fleet as .his footsteps had -been, the'- feet of death had been fleeter.;. gently he laid the soldier down oil the plain— gently and reverently, though the' very- air around , him was quivering, ' with Hying lead. Then he reached -for the-: captain's ride, and, throwing himself full .length' on . the veldt -beside the dead man, he answered the enemies'' fire with a hand so ?? steady that even their boldest shrank' back before him. And'when at last the Boers'' drew off slowly and sullenly before our men, the1 Scouts made a rush to the spot, and there they found him .with a bullet: wound .in the centre of his: boyish fore head,1 and en his stern, set face, the shadow of a smile. '' . :~ .Looking down upon, their two dead, friends, tlie Scouts lifted their hats 're- verently. Then one of therii said:: '? Monlmoreiici died like a lion, boys.' ? ' Aye, mate,' said another,' and ' the Kid ' was a lion's whelp, wherever he' was bred, and he lived and died like one. 