The Sketcher, A Gold Coast Mystery. (From the 'Weekly Telegraph.') 3Cbe Royal Mail Steamship Mabooua *ras isteamiug slowly along the Gold Coast, bound from Accra to Liverpool, «ad the passengers, lying about iu deck chairs, gazed lazily out froni under- the eSmde of double awnings across the glittering water at the long coast line, wdtfeli uui-olled itself: like a panorama isefore them. Long lines of yeriow Peach, where the ?bice Atlantic rollcivs broke iu sheets' of snowy fo.iui, law bluffs crowned with great eortouwood trees, clusters of 11a- j fcive liuts lyiug beneath tlie shade of featbeur yalms, roaring surf- covered bar aim river mouth, all came into eight, ana ai^dppeareii as the *s learner roiled ? aioug, uUiai, lying some- distance beiiind j the co.-itjt among what appeared to be , uiuco of mangrove swamp, a lonely flit- i toi*±ted mountain rose in view. ' i ijie summit could be plainly Keen j Against the blue tropic ety, but the uu l»er slopes were covered wiiii wreaths of mist, wJiich was strange, as the rest at tUe landscajte lay sharp aud clear iu the sunlight. 'lJiat must be the Ghost Mountain our biack passeugeiss tell uis the strauge raies about. By tlie way, you promised t» teli us alnrnt the time you »vac to the top, Commissiouer,' said the Doc tor, turning to District Coniui.&$iciier \\!-AAy, who hiy back in a cane ciiair. Tiie-latter was a slightly made, j?i»:u\\- loan, vr-4i0 was returning liome invalid ed, liaggavd and yellow in face from ilie climate and fever, but stili showing S»y the flash, of his eye, and tue lirm zooutii, traces of energy and decision. He turned to the Doctor, and answered: ** Xgs, I lived— and several times near ly died— in ts;pht of it for three years, but although JL^once tr.ed I did not get to the top. and never wish to try again. The natives say no one but a Ju Ju man *.-vcr reached the summit and lived.' Here the passengers drew in their ciiaiiK to listen, aud the Coniiuisgiouer c^uciuued : ~lt was come twenty years ago that ievoiis, a trading agent, and myself sat ?»ut on tlie veranda of my house, sinok iag au afttr-diiiner cigar. It had been a tryiuig day. as hot ats tire, and at night is wi» if i»or5silile worse ; the iu«:-le of iiie room resembled an oven. Outside. Liow«v«r. a faint breeze stirred, briug .ing with it the usual smell of burning wvwd, orange flowers, and lilies, mixed ?with the foul odours of mud aud «w;imp, mid although tlierc was considerable rfck of fever, it was just possible to Iwedtue there, which vou eoulduTt do in side. ''After we Aiad smoked a while in j-tfltfiiee Jevous stretched out his hand, and pointed across the miles of dense tVaifcsr and mangrove swamps that lay frcneatu tbe bright moonlight, opening -iT« li«rc and there to show tue gLejien ing surface of a broad river leacii. or ifJje foul black mud of a tid:». lago'an, to %vhcre rlie (Jliost Mountain stood out clearly against tlte sky. with a silver i-iaud of iuU«t wrapping lbs lower slopes. ~*Wlien «tiall we climb thai wonder iol mountain, Oddy V '' * Oh. whenever you wish ; to- morrow, .3F yon like/ 1 answered. ? We were both a^-iiup. aud, with my head full of the varied information in the departmental /'?sofas. I thought I knew everything nltont Africa aud its natives. I have -.-iianged my mind since, and am just 3«efpnniug to learn a little now — while -devons, a burly red-faced englishman. ?»vas lirinly convinced rhat there wan Bathing worth knowing except hove to ?make 25 per cent profit for his firm by r&eatiug; the natives. We both of us laughed ai tlie ^superstitions com-efning ?xiae mountain, so baviug decided to go 1 called for my Shantee boy, blew my -vhisvle for Sergeant Arnun and Kossoo, Sor there were ten * Haussas' attached Tto the station. ** A few mouiento later the two Haus X3», wuo are, as you know, Mohanimed sni black troops, entered. . Fine, tall sunn they are, from the far interior, with features much liner than those of the -3oast tribes, dressed in brown Karki uniform aud .a red fez. While they stood at aiiculiuii I told the boy to have liro hauiiuoeks and eight bearers ready ?S»jr sunrise on the morrow. At this lie urged us to abandon the -idea, saying chjii for four huudred years no one* but a JTn Ju priest had ever reached the aauunrit without either dying or losing Jus reason shortly afterwards. How ever, we both laughed at any 'supersti tious idea,' aud, turniug to the black -«erg eanfr I said : '***Ai» you, too, afraid to go, Aruum. '?' ?''Mouniaiu be great Ju Ju, s.-ih ; not xpod to meddle with the Fetish of the 3ieat3ier; but* where Couimissiouah go. Axnnu and Kossoo go too, even though £be mountain be full of devils,' was the tfalthful fellow's answer. That is the statute of the Mahouimedau. Treat hiur -fairly aud lead him well, aud he will -follow you through Hades. ** We started at daybreak next morii ~-igi, travelling as tar as we could in -'.a- liairiuioi-ks. with plenty of black ?-carriers, until the bush became «o thick ilist we had to go on foot. ~J Femeiiiber the morning well, the ^.jrlgbt sunsliiue aud brilliant flowers ?-.vjiero ib« forest was tliiuuer. aud the «sle«iu dimness and wreaths of misi loat lay around tlie trunk? where the ' jpneat Iirauchug met above us. everj- iree iescouaed \vith hanging oreepers. We -32ti not know then tliar iliitj misi might iasean quick death, aud that the emell of isu African forest, half aromatic and 3salf repulsive, was generally full of ?fever. ~On we weut, winding in and out 3£HHKix the trees, uow crossing a clear a^race. and again catting our way with jKErtvlirirf through thorny bushes.' uutil. xi&O; »isfcr.ejip»e, we camped beside a Httle creek, and I lay awake until dawn, listening to the rustling of leaves and the voices of the forest, and watching the fireflies flashing iu the grass. ' In the morning we made an early start, and, after a hard day's march, climbing and stumbling among man grove roots, several times nearly losing our lives in the pools of fathomless mud that abound in these swamps, we camped at sunset under the mountain iteelf. Dividing us from it ran a broad, shallow stream, rippling pleasantly over a sandy bed, only to lose itself lower down among the rottenness and slime of a mangrove swamp. The moon shone brightly on the water, aud in the bush around us not a leaf stirred, but the mountain in front lay wrapped -iu a dark cloud of mist, out of which we couW hear the rustling of trees and the moauiug of a night breeze. Our bearers, in spite of the liberal pay promised them, showed -igus of making off, de- 1 elariug that none of us would return ! alive, and it was only by threats that : we could iuduce them to remain. 'When dawn came »vh forded il-»» stream, and just as we stepped out of the water came upon two tall wands of j scented wood, driven into the sand, j each carrying a white cloth dipped in \ blood. This i.s one of the Ju -In marks, j and where it is wt up with the proper ! ceremonial you might lay all you pos se iseit mere, aud uo native would dare to touch it. ' As we passed .levoiw. out of wan tonness, aud with some sally remark j about * pulling up nigger ?superstition!!,'' I snapped one of the siakw across his ? kuce, and set the pieces floating down! the stream. I at once turned upon him angrily : ' What did you do that f or ? You fool, look at die carriers : you'll see they will all bolt uow, worse frightened than ever.' ' ' Lot of silly niggers ! Let them bolt, and we'll go ou alone, eh, Kossoo ?' he said, turniug to the IToussa. ' ' Whether they be sticks and stones I know not,' said tbe latter in his own tongue, a little -of which I knew, * but it is not good to insult the gods of tlie heathen,' aud by this time I knew he was right. I was a little uncomfort able, for I noticed the carriers mutter ing one to another, aud looking at my companion iu a threaiieuiug manner, but we induced them to go on by draw ing our revolvers, aud the climb com menced. ' WilrTIe the sunn ghoue over the forest below uts 'iflie mouiriain sides wore covered wfitu wMce mist, wlite*h soaked our elo-olios amd 8eemi?d to go through to the tKHie, and, wJi'Ue we could feel no aur sm our faces, we could hear tlhe trees overihead swaying aiid rustling in the 1-recze. IXie, iower taU-i-es were oozing ?wain water and mud, so tfliat our up ward uiawih was difficult arc*! dismal, cssi»eefia31y as we Utstd to eut our way through taioray l-usbe-s amd -masses of ?trairUug pimi'te most of the time. Up we went, scraiggling. -tJiroujru swamp aaid l-rake, urafcrl towards ufomuoom I noticed my eainpatiiou got st.rangely tliiiiet, and 3iad a fliiished, swollen look :i'ix«it Oi^ tmcta. wthic'h I did not Jiiike. Wtien we stopped a few minutes for brtatai I said : ' * WJfciif'js tihe inatter, Jevons ? Are you HI ?' but I «ily got a *-urly, ' No : go on.' ton- an auiswer, and we continued oair way, and :t-y H o'cloc-k were some 3iaif-way ui- tile ituouniaiu. ' Here we found a little clear spare strew-n wi-tfh a. few large ilax rocks, and as the 'bearens Ihad brought some dry wood ftvwn *he forest below we made a 'fire and prepared to ca;ni-. Once or ''twdce I noticed Jevoms stagger as die ;moved aliout affTaugmg- tthe simple meal, siind at last I made Mini sit down aud Hfsive it itione. Wfhile Dhis was going ! &mi; what ffittlc- dim -light there was faded \ liwiiy, aud am fuiteuse darkness closed Ground us. My friend, ate nothing, l»u!t {dmnk some of the spirits aud quinine 'l gave (him, :md tihen saM : ' *I limit know wihaTs file ma;tterw5th me ; my fhead'e on fire, and 1 can't hold j ?myself up. Some one must have poi soned me — or sometMiug. I'll go to sleep.' ' Wrap.i-ing ihian in tois watra-proof «=ilie-?t I placed some baggage under Ms head, and sax down beside him. ' ' Amun amd Kossoo/ I said, * 111 wat-Ji HiaHf tlie uught — you sleep.' Iiheii I threw more wood on t'he lire, and be gan my lonely vigil. *Ove-riiead the trees swjiyed tiud rustled, amd a oMM wind drove in my face, while fantastic wreaths of misi. drifted across tlhe lirrfigli't. The reil glow fell on my companion's face, aud I saw bow fluciiied and di^torN-d it watt. while Hie moved uneasily iu Ins sleep. \--ud murmured from time to time. Drifting out of the darkness oaine the uucnniug of tihe wind and the myriad voices *-f Che forest, and I listened uutil at last my eyes closed and 1 fell asleep. ' After doxiaig uiicat^Hy a little I (heard «i weak voice caMing me. and, rising t« my feet, saw Jcvons trying1 to raise Mmself. Haisiily iiinwiujr awoss to Slim 1 rafeed li:s ihead. and he ga.«»pwl out. : ' * I don't know \rliat it can be. Jhii I feel I'm dying. Hold my band ; don't lvave me,' and then liis liecid fell back ou my knee. 'Calling Annui, I told him to bifmj; tome more wood, aawl to rous« -oaie of the bearers, and for tlie litde wihile he .was a way in the darkness 1 f«lt siaa3ige ly desolate. In A few minutes ihe re turned. ?' * The Shantee men all liue for go away.* lie esafid ; 'only Amun and Kos soo here. ? Where officer m-xn Jive, tiiere In; HaiLscti uian.' Then he made up ttif ?uv. and sat close Inside me. '? I sihall never forget tlie Swiiyh* of liliat dismaJ n'ight. eittiug by '-Che glow «f the tire, warrfjing the fliiekerinK sliadowti as I 'held my dyfeg comrade's luead ou my knee. The mist drove past dn WTeatihs, rMlKug me through wMi its clammy touch, wiiile a31 around che twaindh^s swayed and rustled as the wind swept, tihrougih toe trees, and at 'intwvals tbe snort of Hie leopard eeek iirg hiis prey sounded Iflirough ihe forest. .Tevoms moved uneasily at tinit?*!. and riutclied my liaifd. but never recoverwl ?uonst-ioiisness, aaui wlie^i :tt lengrli iihc westry luglit passed, and the dim light of d'jiwn came iiilteTJiiig MiiNiu^h t3ie Urainflies, Isaw wi1-li 3ioi-twr that, he was ?dead. ' Abandoning all our lugjiagn we tfliree started to reta-aee our steps, at'eniptlng ?fchi' almost i-uipofisiible task of can-yiug t.lie Jjo-i.lv of our comi'asle with us. All j day we struggled downhill, tliroagii mud aaul tfiiotuy thicke-t. tearinjr our olotlhes to 'ribands, aiud at utne.s getting a nrasiy wound ourselves, always ';ii true ?same ?cloud of clammy mist, i arter nately efiiakiaig wii^i rtio fever v.Jh'ic;h now atbacked m^, and abusing our ?-?wwaiHlly - carriers for deserting its. To wards eveniuir we reac-flied the istroiim WJtiiOi Siitai*atcd the mountain from the m.-nigroves. shmI !liere we flung ourselves down. and. witili paiiiis in every lianb, aaid with my -blood like liquid fire. I lay till niorujng in the bii-rning grip of fevea'. 'When dttrJijsht came I eouJ-l scarcely staiKl ahwie, awl. as to carry the body any furaher was SiniK»ssi.'bU\ nottiiug could be do-ue but to scrape a shallow hole i'n ihe saudy strip by the river, aud lay at there, at tihe foot of tiie ttvo Ju Ju -wands ; for wlhen we returaed tlie m'Msing one Siad been it-()1aced. ' All nhat day. wit'li swimming Tieaid :»iuid unless limijs, 1 leaned on the shouldens of my faiQiTui followers, aud. ualf-carnied siawl iiaaf-^taggeriug. iiwiai :iyed jt-- get through t;he awful tract, of inamgTijvels. Mack tirud. aud swiimp, wludi we .had -to oross. Struggling along ihalf-eoiuscious late that uigbt we readied the si-ot «-liere -fhe hamiiiioeks hind been -left, sind, altaimigli tliey were worn out wiSli faltigue, the two staudh HJarussas took me up, and, travelling along the dear path, we caine stajrger- , Ing Sn to the eomiKHi'nd at da'wn— two teiiggard. ?t'aittxa'ed 'beaivns and an un conscious iman. ' For iten daiys I lay between life and de&tli.; a.nd then islowly recovered.' ' I-M your friend £how symiytoms of malaria ':' asked -tlhe doctor. ' 1 .have seen manj' men die of fever, ?but none like that,' answered the coni luaissknier ; 'tbut from fliat day I aiave aare'fttlly avoided «niy insult to the niative Fetisli. I can give you no rea roiis, anil can only say with Hamlet, 'Tlhere are jnore -tihings in heaven and eartih than aa» dreanut of in your p.hilo isopiliy.' And (If yon wfeh to know afll *he estrange tilings «Chat .happen in *he African forests you must ?spend your Me among them.' 