ROUND-ABOUT NOTES. By "The Casual." Under Federation the Macleay, and indeed all the rivers south of Grafton ;as far as Port Stephens, will no doubt <be regarded by the people of Australia -as mere tributaries of the Clarence .'River, and the people inhabiting that region will also be looked upon as vassals of the Hon. John See (he will ;BOon be Sir John), by the grace of God War Minister of New South Wales and th9 chief tutelary genius of the very progressive North Coast Co. . " The -Casual " notices that the Federal division within which is comprised the Grafton, Clarence, Raleigh, Hast ings and Macleay, Manning and a portion of the Gloucester state elector ates has been renamed, and we all now will have to answer to the appel lation of Clarence eleotors. . Nymboida was in all conscience a most unsuitable designation, but to call such a vast -electorate by the name of a river situated in the extreme northern cor ner is to offer a gratuitous insult to the residents of every other district comprised within the division. Every thing appears as if someone lias been endeavoring to find a nice, soft, Federal seat for John See. In the first place the Commissioners went over the dividing range and dragged in Tenter- field to make up the quota of electors for the division in which the Rich mond and Tweed are situated. In stead of Tenterfield the Clarence ought to have been included in the Rich mond River electorate, and why it wasn't is a thing hard to understand. Perhaps it is because the powers behind the Commissioners knew that John See had not the ghost of a show against Tommy Ewing, who may bo regarded as a certainty for the Rich mond River seat in the Federal Par liament. Whether the electorate mis called the Clarence — it ought to be named the North Coast — will prove such a soft snap for John See as some of his friends imagine is open to doubt. As an acquaintance of mine put it, " The man who gains this seat will have to be an earnest advocate of the North Coast railway. Now, John See believes in the North Coast railway by sea and I fail to see how John See can expect people to support a man whose interests are already at sea." , No weapon being handy and my friend being built on somewhat large lines he was not killed for making so many bad puns, but there is a lot of truth in what he said. 1 am not much of a betting man, but I would not uiind laying a little that John See won't have a walk over for the Federal Par liament. It is quite on the cards that he will be opposed. Such men as J. H. Young, Frank Clarke, or R. Atkin son Price, the dapper little tailor of King-street, would give the future Sir John a very nice little run for his money. In the meantime the people here and in the neighboring districts should kick — and ki<!k hard — against the electorate being named the Clar ence. Let us all plump for the division being called the North Coast. # Kempsey last week was honored by the presence in town of two dis tinguished visitors — " Larry " Foley and a returned South African warrior all in the glory of khaki and slouched hat. This delectable triple city, how ever, did not rise to the occasion. It is true my little friend up the street " captured " the redoubtable fighting man, and I trembled exceedingly in consequence, and it also enabled the "Vitaflatio comic man to work off a "gag" or two on Saturday night, but otherwise the apathetic citizens simply contented themselves with passing remarks about the cut of Larry Foley's jib and whiskers. The Kempsey gymnasium missed a splendid oppor tunity. They should have engaged Mr.' Foley to box a four round go with a few of our local champions and he could have also been called in to settle the dispute between Mr. Cochrane and the School of Arts champion, Mr. O. O. Dangar. With regard to the gentleman in khaki he fell most decidedly fiat and he failed most miserably to impress the natives. Nothing short of an earthquake or a Barton versus Sydney Smith electoral contest can ever move Kempsey to enthusiasm. Unlimited free drinks might also do the trick, but I feel doubtful even of that. o o O o A blind man who can see a bole through a ladder is a familiar figure in columns of facetite and in comio journalism generally, and as a rule, ' Atticus' says, is the creature of the paragraphias lively imagination ; but the following story is absolutely true : — On Friday morning of last week a member of my own household answered a knock at the front door, and found there a wery fragment with a stick and the usual paraphernalia of the blind mendicant. The afflicted man handed over a card, which was carried to the lady of the house, who read that the poor fellow presenting the card was a worthy object of charity, afflicted with blindness and suffering in other ways. A contribution was forthcoming, and when it was given to the poor blind beggar he pocketed it with a smile, and then, pointing to a large cat, the pride of our household, said with enthusiasm, 4 My word, miss, you don't often see so fine a cat as that !' . o o A rather good story is being told about the bishop of A , who enjoys a good dinner, and who does not disdain to punish the port. He went to pay a visit to the Bishop of 0 , who i3 a rigid teetotaller and a prominent member of the Good Templars. Shortly after bis arrival, his host took him aside and said to him, confidentially, ' I hope you will forgive me, but, being a member of the Good Templars, I cannot have any wine on my table, but, he added, in a whisper, ' you will find an excel lent bottle of port up in your bedroom.' A few months later the bishop of 0 paid a return visit to the Bishop of A . Just before dinner the latter took him aside and said, 'I know you'll forgive me. It is one of my principles never to have water on my table, but' — confidently — 4 you will find an excellent bottle of water on your dressiug table.' Y! » It was during a pause between drinks that the old-remittance man told the story. "I make no bones about it," he said, " I was deuced hard up. My remittance had not come to hand, and several of the tradesmen were not inclined to let me go much further, but Young — you know him — shut down on me entirely. He be came first anxious, then solicitous, and finally very nasty. I explained that a draft was due to me, which would more than pay everybody, but Young was sceptical and sarcastic. At last it did arrive, and, going down the street, I found Young on his door step. " The draft lias come,' I said, 4 and I am going round paying my accounts.' He became obsequious and oleaginous at once. 4 Step inside, Sir,' he said, 4 is there anything you want ; I knew it would be all right, but one is obliged to be cautious.' 4 Not so fast, Mr. Young,' I said, 4 1 am afraid there is not enough to go round, and I am paying my creditors alphabetically., 44 Whilst the laugh rang out, he rang the bell for more drinks." 