THE GODDESS: A DEMON. BY RICHARD M&RSH;, Author of "In Full Cry/' "The Beetle: A Mystery," "The Crime and the Criminal," "The Datchet Diamonds," The .Duke and the Damsel," &e.;, &c.; CHAPTER XXI.—A CHEESE AT THE START. We looked each other in fihe face. "You heard it?" Her voice quavered. "I heard something. It ttsts only a •woman's laughter, She is somewhere, close at hand, but is hidden from a; by tshe fog." "It was That 'which did it. : Dp you think I can be wrong? . It .is with BIr. Lawrence. it is his shadow; it follows' close behind him." She 1 was shivering.from head to foot. Her eyes were distended, her face white; I was fearful of I knew not wbai. Hailing a passing hattsonr, I had practically to lift her into it. 'She seemed to hare all at once grown helpless. X .told the driver to take us to Victoria—fasti*. An ideajiad occurred to me. The (tetend boat train left at halfpast 5\. We might be able to catch it. Anything was preferable to imtcfcion- The sooner we were out of London the better it would be. She was still trembling, as she sat beside me in the cab. I tried to calm her. "'You are too sensitive. It rwas only a trick of your Imagination, you let it run away with you. If you are not careful you will be ill ; then what shall 1 ddf She came closer to me still. "'Save me! You will save m£-l" It was like the .pleading of ai frightened Child. The contact of her pa-son with mine set me shivering, too; it "was as- if I were'thrilling with a delicious pain. , "At present there is nothing from "which to save you. When there is J711 not be wanting, rest.assured." "Pnt .yoar arm abput me." 'Idid as I waE told, -wondering if 'she wene mad, or L "How is it that I only feel safe when I am dose to you — -and the. closer the •safen?" "" ''*''-', "It is because -God i» very goodlr-to-me/* : "To you? God is good to yoa?" \- "Has He not put it into your heart 4o feel safe with inteS" • "You think so? Tate your arm away- I am better now. I am not—not such a ' coward. "Sou think it is GodW4K> has put it.into my heart to fed safe with joo. I wonder!" . ... .„• "I am sune." • "You are a strange man. "I pray tbat you may not always-think so.' 1 . \- "Have yoa-4ave you had many-friends among womea!?" "If<*ver one; unless I may coturtaiyousas a friend." "Oh yes, you flnay count me—asaa^friend.. Do you care for women?" "J did not know it until now." She laughed. X was glad to-hawe<3Jgfatened her mood. "You are odd — 3*m are really vcrr Quaint." • She leaned out of the cab. *"Where are we? I have" not the least idea where vou are taking me." . "To Victoria; fcufcry to catch theeOstend boat." . ' . * „ "Osfead? Are We-gomg there™ "But I think we'd ^better." •"But—'weB, I suptwse it doesn't matter, but I really was not anticipiatmg a trip to Ostend<juifce so Soon. Just mow you talked of Paris." . * "And it may be ParTaiafter aH; <jnly*he Ostend boat aoes fiist.' r "And time s the esaasoe of the matter. I see. Between 4fhts and the depasture of tSie Paris train I run a risk of being arrested. That is to bring it very dose. X was stall,' hardly kaaaqng what to say. What she-said was "true; this was a casein which, "at any moment tmth migSit decline to be trifled with. She, too, was silent. Jjeasoxog back in iter own coniesas for as possible from me, dhte looked forward into the fog. St&jtiqg; for'the otter end of the worild at a moments notice wa» a commonplace event witJh me. An unexpected run to Brussels was to foer a thing strange as to be almtost acful. I. looked at my watch.; called to the driver. "Can't you press- on a libSe faster? . "We shall lose our train." ""Why such hurry? Let usflose it." On mat point-we disagreed^ I wtas not disposed to lose it. .' But I said nothing. The man whipped "up'his home.' Presently life began to'insinuate his -way into tihe station yard, which was blocked untih vehicles. I saw that for (trim to tbmead his way: between them, -wbtdd be a -ntete-of lime, foments "were -precious. "Come," I said, 'lets get oat. We shall reach tfhfc pavement quicker r&Hjn; be -will, and the train, is already due to shant." 4 '. We descended into tihe'road. Picking our steps between the horses' iieaidb, we gained the station. I tore to t»he booking-office, "flic, laughing, close at my heeis, as if iihe whole thing was a deliKhtftd jest. "Two firsts to Brussels!" "Too.late. Sir;, train's just cffT" /As tie cleric ' spoke the ' whistle stranded. "There sne gofe." ' :P9a(tfoxm's.«d.osed; you won't be aide to catdhi her." TThe lady's face was alive witha<Sfo£Ies. "There! After all our hurry! Isn't that annoying?" -. She didn't look as-if ;she.4ibbqgjhfc £t was annoying in the least. Boys were shoutings cwt the-edSaonsof tihe ewCTaxtg papers. Placards, were displayed on tile bookstall close at ixaind. I saw her glance ait one, which bad steady caught my attention. . ''.'Imperial Mansions Murder. Extraordinary Scene ajt tire Coroner's ^Inquest.' Has -tihe inquest been, held? And wihalfc Ms happened there? Wtoaut does it mean/by *extraordinoty scene?'" / I felt as if every one was-oo. tihfe -point of calling oat, "Here's the man -mho-locked up the Coroner's Court! Here's the -woman he's spiriting awayl"' Tihe sudden a^ht of that placard got on my nerves. I was brusque, brutal. "Bother the inquest! - Wlh'art; -weh^e-gofoti* think aboWfc'e tffet train." "Indeed? So you can. be bad-ftempeired if vou like, and ci«al tcx>- . I -w&s; womdering if you weie^alwaj's a model of larobtike decorum." "I beg yo«r iwrdon, but—tiie £act is, Ed made up my immd to catoh that strain." "Had you? And you'd also made up your mind (that I shouldn't-know wftrat was in the papers. Y-ou're very oonsidenate, Mr. Ferguson."' I glanced round, startled. Her-outspoken mention of my name took me a2jack. Ho: doubt all the world was talking o£ Jidhn Ferguson; - looking for him; wondering, wlhere ihe was. I aid not want that crowd to learn itfoat he was in its midst. My appearanoe of dascomfitame eh,e eeemed to find^ amusing. * "Might I ask yon just one question?" ' "You are too fcaxd on me; you, mayrask a, thousand.™ \- "Did you propose to take me all the way 4» Osfcend without riving me anptiiing to eat? Berihaps ywrre not avrace that 4 o'clock is ttoe actor's dinner hour. IVe-noi bad a morsel of food a£ day." "MisB Mooae!" Mine was the blonder then; I ooold'liave "batten my tongue off for ottering tbe-name. A man b&ind; turned^ towards us as if lie had been strati by it—or I' tJumght so. Had be known it, lie was never so sear bavins &os; head jlivwsted off his dndders. Had fie aUannd-a sign of recognition to •have (escaped iiim, these -would hatve been minder .deme. But lie was a m&tfeoking;, grey-hained person^ and the eigfct-of die expression with, v&idi; I <egarded him eeem- «d to fiB Ihrim -wjt3i such asfamialiiuaent, to -say aothing ejse, that he retreated preeipitaitcSy backwands, as if fearrol ithat I was libout to deocair ten diea and "ttoere. X stumbled on. ' ""I entreat your forgiveness, bn±- I—I hadn't 4he Saintest notion: you were huiigrj r ." "So—yoiiw<o«Sdi]iiriKLve." "Meaning that I am ihe-sorffeof^pezson •who never does know anyttang.? You are right; I am. BnS; vixse fihaHl we go? I believe iSiere'js-«Hnescfli-of piace.intheafcatioo where we-can -get^canetiiing^to-^at." "The neare^ jiease." , "Brit—FJH jtfrft*^ _ ^ihflt^g liiocrid. "Don't yoo knonf^my j^ace wihich-; isn't torrid?" Scarcely ever before fed my oonstifcational stupidity been. 4>o-<Che fmnt The •jnisBang or"tife ^^ITI. tiie-^iBcovEQy tiiftt I -had aotoally pBapoeed to take , my companion to O^emd ioo&BB;, and ma rtate approaching to aUtrwMt'wm, tihe fact that the paper boys were repeating, under my -eery nose, then-parrot -ay, "EstcaoDdinary scene at an inqneafc!"—-thiffie tiling, juned to- 42ie comfusicsi around, seemed - to addle my , brain. For the mrmmat I could not *-jigwr where I^soidi 4afee her to get aoanetiiingi&ecen;'t to eat. Still donirifiul. X -waa making for Hie station restaucaat wirea eame one caught me by dhe arm. It was Mr. Isaac Bernstein. He seemed to "be ihwHf beside hiihself with, excitement; he grasped me with witb-.a vigour whicfa. wae perh^is amconscioufi. . "Have the goodcteSB Mr, Bernstein, to release my arm." He burst into voluble speech. "This" is more than I can stand, and I'm not going to foatfe jit. Don't touch me, or 1*11 call for help. Here axe policemen close by, and Fin aaot witihout protection! Even a warm wiH tuzn, and now I'm going to, so just you listen to what I've got to say." "Your affairs, Mr. jBerststein, base-no interest forme. Did yoo-hear me ask yon to release my arm?" "It's as — bit as much,"" He waawed jbbum- "I««Tence! Be&fcee;&4^K*to- iio. a} bolt—to Ostend. or some infernal p]ace or other, the other side oi liie worla, for alt I know—meaning to dish me as he's done tihe irest of you. But 1 was on to In'm - He'd have been off in spite of me only he was-drunk, or mad, or something, and they wouldn't have hi™ in .{.lie train. Now he's behaving like a howling lunatic." Releasing my arm 111-. Bernstein took off his hat to wipe his brow. ""1 believe he's raving mad. That's ihim! Did you ever-hear anything like the row he's makiug?"' As a matter of fact, while the excited gentleman wus speaking, 1 had become conscious «that something interesting was taking place on the platform from which the boat train had departed. The tiling was becoming more obvious every second. Apparently the railwly officials were taking more or Bess vigorous measures to induce somebody to quit the station precincts. This person, who was the centre of a curious and rapidly increasing crowd, was announcing his opinions on divers subject®, and on the subject of railway men in particular, at the top of his voice, and in strident tones, with which I seemed familiar. A sudden premonition swept upon me that matters were rushing to a head; that a few hours, a few minutes even, would see the whole .mystery made clear. Though even then I bad iiot tin inkling of the form which .the explanation would take. As my eyes wandered I saw, peeping .at us from out of the crowd, my companion's precious relaitive,. Mr. Thomas Moore. For some reason the young gentleman looked as if ihe were half beside himself with fear; he was pasty white. When he perceived that I had recognised him he slunk out 'of sight like a frightened cur. I glanced at the lady to learn if she aSso had observed. her brother. From her bearing I judged not, though as I eyed her I understood that , she also had seen the signs of -thg timps^ the shadows which coming . events were casting before, and that she too- realised that the hour, the moment, isas .big with Her. fate and mine. CHAPTER XXlt.'—A MIRACLE. . "the hustling' throng .came quickly forward. In. its -midst some one was being propelled towards the entrance. Although ha was shoiuting at 4he top of his voice, he appeared • to" be offering no actual resistance; but seemed- rather to be regarding the proceedings as a joke. In spite of Ihe hubbub Mr. Bernstein's accents reached my ear. "Did-you ever hear anything like him? Isn't he a beauty? And that's the man who's had I don't know how much cash out of me—a hatful. And that's how he goes op"' I was indifferent to Mr. Bernstein's lamentations. As the crowd came nearer I was beginning to ask myself if I was dreaming; if, again, I was a.bout to become the victim of a nightmare imagining. I turned to Miss Moore. "Hadn't you—belter go? Hadn't I better—get you out of this?" I Was conscious that my- voiie was a littlehoarse. Hers was clear and resonant.'. Although she did not speak loudly, it seemed to ring above the-din. faoe, stay and play the scene right through un til the curtain drops. It was God. who made us miss that train." The crowd was dfawing very close. Was I asleep or waking? Were my eyes playing tricks, my senses leaving me? What suddenly made the world spin round and round? Who was it in the mid?t of the people—the man they were hustling—who raved and screamed? Was he a creature bom of delirium, or a thing of flesh and blood?, It was from-the girl at my side that recognition first came. "It's he!" she cried. - "It's he!" It was he—thd wretch who had set us all , by the ears; who had fooled and duped us; who had played upon UB, as a last stroke, a trick whose nature, even yet, 1 did not understand. 1 strode into the crowd. "Let me pass! Make way for me!" They made way. It -was well for them they did; the strengifcih of a dozen Samsons was that moment in my arms. I planteC Biy=elf iu front of him. "How is it that you've come back—from the gates of hell?" . . "Ferguson! It's you;" He broke into a peal of laughter, which spoke of pain, not* " a sure. . "But I've not come back! E ey're still stoking the fires!" He threw out his arms, as if referring to the jeenng mob, which pressed upon. us. "Here are Hie attendant demons—can't you see I continued standings still,, regarding Mm. i "II is Edwin Lawrence, as I live—not Philip." , i "Yes, not Philip—Edwin!" He laughed again. "Would you like to see the strawberry mark? It's there." "What is this game in which you have been taking a hand?" "It's a game of my own invention—and hers!" > He made an upward movement with his hand. "It was from iier the inspiration came. She named the stakes, framed the Tules, started the fame, waached the ptey^-and with both ,eyas she's watched it ewer since. Hose eyes of hers! TSiey never sleep, and never blink or wink, but watch, watch, watch, all the time. They'ye watdhed me^ever srnce die game began. They're wa&bing; now! She ihaunts, and hounds me—into the train, and out of it. She's here now—enjopngtiie joke. Hark! Can't you hear her?" " He stopped to listen. 1 heard irotJiing out of the co-mmon, though it seemed Ire did. "That's her laughter!" He broke into discordant merriment. "I play .the part of echo. She lias me, body, soul, and spirit; and she thinks it such a " st?" • He spoke as men do in fevers. I could •see that there were some at>out us who set him defwn as madJ There were those who jeered, as fools wjll ait the sight of a man's anguish, when, in the abandoqpie⁢ of his -dh&me;, he traita his soul in the duet. I had -seen persons in his case before. He was not mad as yet, but on the border line, where men fight with demons. He had been, drinking, to drive them back; but they had come tfe more, threatening on every "hand to shut 'him in for ever. He' knew what it was they threatened. It was Sbe anguish of the knowledge which caused the sweat to *£and in beads upon his brow. The railway officials, 1 fancy, took it to Ire a case of incipient delirium tremens. A person in authority addressed himself to me. "Are you a friend of the gentleman's, sir?" "I know hini well." "Are you willing to undertake the chaige of him? You he's not in a fit state to go abmit alone." "I'll take charge of him." "Then you'll be so good as to remove him from tils station at once. He's already given us more than sufficient trouble." Lawience interposed, with what lie intended to be an assumption of the grand manner. "My good Mr. Railway-porter, or whatever you may be, 1 will remove myself from your objectionable station without any hint from you. My destination was Ostend, and is now l'imlico. This is an acquaintance of mine, who owe.- me £1,880: but 1 don't require him to take charge of me. There already is somebody who does that. Can't you hear her? That's her laughing." "Come,"' I said, "let's get into a cab." "Thank you, I prefer walking. Nothing like exercise when you are liverish. Are you alone?" Miss Moore came through the crowd. "No; I am with him." H>e stared at her, as if in doubt; then •with sudden recognition. "Ah! It is the sister of the brother— the affect-ionaite relative of our dear Tom— the beautiful Miss Moore! It is like scene out of one of the plays, -in which you are the bright, particular star. The ghosts are gathering round. You were there, you saw her?" . "Who?" "The Goddess!" "Was it—a Goddess?" "That's a demon?" "What do you mean?" She took me by the arm. "Ask him what he means." Lawrence answered. "It's not a thing the meaning of which can be clarified by words. Come, and you shall see; come together—Mr. Fergusonand. you." She looked at me, enquiry in her eyes. I questioned him. "Where do you propose to take us?" "To a little place of mine, where the Goddess is." . . . "What is this stuff about the Goddess ?" "Come, and you shall see." I glanced at her. "Let's go," she said. He caught her words. "There speaks the lady who would learn; the woman possessed of tihe spirit of enquiry." ... 1 repeated my former suggestion. "Let's get into a cab." But he declined. "No, I'll faave none of your cabs, I'll walk. I'm cribb'd, cabined, and confined out in the open; in a cab I'd stifle. There's a hand upon my heai.it, a grip upon my throat, a weight upon my head; they make it hard to breathe. I'll be in close quarters soon enough; I'll keep out of them, as long as I can." I turned t* rhe officials. "Can't you keep these people back? I don't want to have ^hem following us through the streets. The man's not drunk, he's ill." "1 should get him into a cab." , Lawrence, hearing what the fellow said, rushed at him in a fit of maniacal fury, re pcating, in a crescendo scale, "You'd get me into a cab! You'd get' me into a cab! You'd get me into a cab! I'd kill you first." the man shrank back, as if fearful that his last hour had come. We went out of the station, a motley crowd, Jjawrence with Miss Moore, and me close at his heels; behind, before, either side, a miscellaneous assemblage of fools. I would have prevented her from coming, had I had my way. I told her so at .starting. But she whispered in my •ear, "I'm not afraid. Arc you?" "I am afraid for you—of these blackguards; of the mood he's in; of where he's taking us; of what may happen. 1 don't know what devil's trick it is he has been playing, but I'm sure it is a devil's trick, and there may be worse to come." ','I'in safe with you." "I doubt it." "But I am-fiure. The light is coming; I'd like to see the brightness of the day, for mine honour's sake, which I thought might be a consideration, perhaps, with you. Still, I'm under orders. If you bid me, I will go. But—mayn't I come?" I couDd deny het nothing which she asked in-sudh a tone, though it were an apple out of .Eden. But I was gruff. ' "Tien take my arm." "I'd like-to." I know I was a fool, and dhfould have forbidden her to go with us, nor have allowed her, wheedle as she might, to have run flie risk oflwhat might be to come; but when I felt her little hand upon my arm, I would not have had her take it off again, ndt—not for a great deal. When tfe had gone a little way from the station, Mr. Bernstein, corkscrewing his way through the crowd, reached Lawrence's side. Apparently, although he had made ah effort to screw his courage to the sticking point, he was still not quite satisfied as to the sort of reception which he might receive; he spoke with such an air of deprecation. "Now,. Ted, my boy, don't be shirty; it's only me. Do take my advice—be careful! Don't go too far! Be reasonable, and IU be the best friend you ever, had, as I always 'have been; only—do pujl up before it's too laite!" Lawrence, standing still, addressed himself to the crowd. "Gentlemen—and ladies!—because I believe there are some ladies among you—real ladies!—allow me to introduce to you Mr. Isaac Bernstein, usurer, Jew, who makes a speciality of deafling in forged bills. He keep6 a school for forgers, where young penmen are trained in the delicate arts of imitating other people's signatures. He's been the cause of many a good man's b6ing sent to gaol, where, one day, as sure as he's alive, he'll go to join them." I Mr. Bernstein stammered" and stuttered. Don't—don't talk to me like that! The '—the man's stark mad!" "Not yet. Still sane enough to make the world acquainted with Isaac Bernstein, trafficker in forgeries." With his open palm he struck the Jew a resounding blow on either cheek. The people roared with laughter. I turned to the lady. "You see? I must go to -him. . I shall r ave to Heave you." ••'We will go together." She kept close to my side as I went forward. I expected to see Lawrence repeat his assault. Bernstein stood looking at him, motionless, gasping for breath, as if he were on the verge of an apoplectic fit. Taking him by the shoulder, I sent him spinning off tibe pavement. "Leave him alone. The fellow will get his deserts elsewhere." l-iawrenee dapped his hands like a child. "Bravo! Twirl him round—roll him in the mud! Sheen joys it; can't- you hear ho-w she's laughing?" He rtaised his hand in an attitude of attention. "1. can hear nothing." "Hut I can."' Miss lloore si>oke from behind my shoulder. "'1 can hear it." "What do you mean";"' "it which was present in the room; it which did it all; the sound wihicih we heard in tUie Fulham-road just now. Listen! Can't you hear it, too?" " It might have l>een my imagination—prrobably was—but, as she spoke, 1 certainlv did think that. I recognised, as if it issued from the, lips, of some one who was within reach of where we stood, the woman's laughter wlhicfa had in it- so singular and .disagreeable a quality. It had on me a most uncomfortable effect. I returned to Lawrence, fearful lest, if I was not careful, tlbe proceedings might take a shape j n which I might relish, them less even than I did at present.^ 'Come! Let's be moving."' "With pleasure. Life is movement, and exercise is the thing for the liver." "What is the address of tihe place to which you are taking us?" He laid his finger against his nose. "Tfhat's a secret whioh I wouldn't- divulge for worlds. There's a ladv there—a goddess! And a demgnJL Would you have me tell all the world where she s to be found, as if she were a person of no reputation. She's witih me all the time, she never (Leaves me for a moment alone; and vet, all the while, she waits for me at home. -That's what it is to jhave a familiar in attendance, if you pleased" . I made no reply. That his words had meaning, and were not tire mere ravings which they -seemed, I did not doubt. I was asking myself what wais the solution of the problem to which they pointed, and was still obliged to own that I had n!o •ootion. I had, also, my attention partly occupied by my efforts to keep the rabble from a too close attendance on the lady, whose little hand again caressed my arm. Lawrence was swinging along at a good round pace, Hiis hat a little at the back of his head, his eyes, lips, every muscle of his face were in. constant motion. His arms were as if they liad been hung on wires, which continually thrust them this way and that. He was' not for a momefat still. If not sipeaking aloud, he muttered to himself. Presently lie began upon a theme wihich I ; would have thanked Qiim to avoid. . "Sa, Ferguson, you're a -humorist—practical and actual. I ve been reading the news —still sane enough to read the papers—how vou locked the Coroner in his Court. I'd nave given one of Bernstein's forged bills to have been there to eee, though it was on mc tfaat Dhey were sitt-mg. I thought-1 never should have dtme laughing. And she —the Goddess—she's laughing still." The lady put. a question. . "What'e that hes saying?" . "He's telling about some nonsense which he saw in the papers." Lawrence interposed. "Nonsense he calls it! And excellent nonsense, too! Haven't you heard? Hid no one told you? Don't you know?- Charming sister of my dear friend, Tom, to-day the Coroner's been sitting on my corpse—as I live, upon- my corpse! Ferguson's been there as a witness. They wanted him to say, it seems, that you had killed me—yes, you, with your own twtt small hands. But he wouldn't. He said he'd see tbem—warmer first; as warm as I am now. I can't think where, at this time of the year, the heat can come from. I'm on fire inside and out. , So they .talked of sending him to gaol. "But, bless their simple souls, they didn't know their man; how that he was a fellow of infinite jest. For when they talked of locking him up, he locked them up instead; marched straight out, turned the key in the lock, with them on the "other side of the door—Coroner, and Jury, counsel and witnesses, audience and policeman —the whole noble, gallant company. And so he left them, sitting on my corpse." As might have been expected, the rabble, which still himg. round us like a fringe, hearing what he said, caught something of his meaning. They bandied it from mouth to mouth. "That's Ferguson, that there tall bloke. He's the cove as locked the Coroner up this afternoon, Imperial Mansions murder case. Didn't you hear the other bloke a-, saying so? No lies! I tell you it is!" While the guttersnipes, wrangled, playing fast and loose with my name—with my reputation too—the lady whispered in my ear. Despite the noise they made, I heard her plain. "So that's why you came to fetch me? Now I understand; the secret's out. It's another service you have done me! Aren't you afraid that the weight- of obligation will be more than I can carry? Yet you needn't fear! They're the kind of debts I don't at all mind owing—you, since one day I hope to pay them every one." "You exaggerate. And Lawrence is a fool." "Yes. So are we all fools; perhaps that's why some of us are wise." I liked to hear her voice; to feel her hand upon my arm. Yet, every moment, my concern was getting greater. The crowd was growing, both in numbers and in impudenee. Any second they might 'make an ugly rush, then there would be trouble; and that was not a scene in which I should wish the lady to play a part. Lawrence was marching on as if he meant to march for eier. 1 b;gan seriously to ask myself if he .was not playing us still another of his tricks; if he was not leading -us lit himself did not know where.- On a sudden, ha determined the question by stopping before a building which, outwardly, was more like a warehouse than a private residence. "At last," he cried, "we are arrived. The Goddess waits for us within." "Is this your place?" "It is—and Iters. Enter omrnes!" He "threw open the door, as if he were offering the whole crowd the freedom of the premises. I placed myself in front of it- 'Tm hanged if it shall be 'enter omnes!' In you go.'^ I thrust him in. "Now you and I together!" The lady and I were across the threshold. I was about to slam the door, in the face of the rabble, when some one camo' hurrying through the crowd. A voice exclaimed— "Stop fhat! Don't shut that door! Lei me in!" It was Inspector Symonds; with, as it aeemed, a friend or two. 