Cairns claims the moat active old Colonist in Australia. MR. JAMES TOOHEY FIRST-THE REST NOWHERE. A TIMBER GETTER, 76 YEARS OF AGE. 42 YEARS INQUEENSLAND AND 32 YEARS IN THE NORTH. The Post challenges all Australia to produce a more active old man than Mr James Toohey of Cairns. Toohey will be 76 years of age on the 22nd of next November, and has his baptismal certificate to prove his earthly tenancy for that period. He has been in the colony 42 years and for the last 32 years has lived in North Queensland. During the latter time Toohey has only once been south of Townsville and that was about 12 years ago when he went to Brisbane for three weeks. He has resided in Cairns for 20 odd years, devoting his attention chiefly to timber-getting business. . "Good-day Toohey," - remarked our . charioted scribe to the old seventy- sixer the other day in Abbott-street "you look a bit hot old man. Been playing football ?" This was a strained attempt upon our part to be funny, but the patriarch- took the question seriously, and replied ' No, not football. I've just walked with Harry Andrews from Sturts Creek, 14 miles through the scrub over that coastal range (pointing across the Inlet), and a walk of that sort takes it out of a fellow more than an hour's football." "What are you doing at Sturts Creek ?" "Timber getting. We're just dogging a raft together ready for the " Victory" to tow round." "And do you mean to tell me that you, a man of 76 years, after 32 years of hard living and pioneering in North Queensland are equal to a 14 mile walk over that range, through dense scrub and along rough fresh made jungle tracks ?" "Yes," said the old chap with a laugh, "why it's nothing, and we always do it under four hours. Bless your heart when my father was only 76 he could belt the best man in Tipper- ary, and when I left home he was twice the man I am now, although then 84. He lived', to be 108 , and his father-my grandfather of v¿mim - was 105 before he died. ' We must confess to having felt a bit me- _ thoosaly at this stage of our chat and ' whilst we negotiated a bottle of horehound beer with Mr Toohey we reflected that the man before us was a wonder. - What would'nt we give for his sound legs!" There he stood in moleskin pants and soft felt hat, straight as a dart and with a spring in his beds worth a fortune to an amateur ghost. What an ad- vertisement for Queensland ! A man 76, in this tropical part of the world, busy all the year round in the jungle, felling our gigantic cedars, gums, etc., wet through half the time and living on camp tucker miles away from fresh beef. If Australia has the equal of our Cairns grand old man-well we now call upon the possessor or possessors to declare their hand. Mr Toohey is a widower, with highly respected family residing in Cairns, the eldest son, - Jim, being working foreman to the Municipality of Cairns. A parting word with you old friend. The Post has at all times a respect for gray hairs, but we take our only hat off with both hands in deferential admiration of an old pioneer who carries his 76 summers with the ease and grace that you do. - May yon live to be 106 and may your remaining 30 years be marked by all the honors and comfort-a grateful colony can show a pioneer who has done such good pros- pecting or developing work as you have done. Good luck old fellow to you and yours. . 