.. t : / Cable Comments. Boer War. The leading newspapers of a country are Baid to aoourately refloat publio opinion. If this bo so the condition' of Cape Colony ean - scarcely - be - described as one of quietude. - _ Boer prisoners, who with undue leniency have been released on parole, are conducting miniature lecturing tours, and tho subject of their discourses is stall the same — the barbarity of tho English. Kruger's reoeption in Franoe, though politi cally somewhat of a fiasco, has not fucked some effect in South Africa. The military necessity of burning suoh of the Boer farms as. have been customarily used by the enemy as small arsenals and general bases of supply, has embittered the raoiol feeling between the two races throughout the whole of- South Africa. And such incidents, vide this morning's cables, as the burning and looting of the farms of Britishers and the illtreatment of their inmates, if not provoking reprisals, will certainly harden the hearts of our officers towards the predatory ban da into which the eneniy 'e forces now seems to he-split up. The amenities of the war seem to have vanished, and its tail end appears likely to be characterised by bandit-like barbarity on the part of the Boers and a. corresponding harshness by their British conquerors. Now that further plotting, inoluuing a bomb, has been brought to light in Johannesburg, all doubt ful aliens who still remain in Johannesburg -and Pretoria will, perhaps, be removed. The situation in South Africa is by no means gratifying, and tho faot that the loyalists in the Cape are clamouring for martial law to bo declared throughout the colony does not tend to allay the feeling of unrest. The incident of French soldiers defying the, police and bayonetting civilians within the precincts of the British settlement at Shanghai is very malapropos; and it is just such u happening as this for which the Boers and the colonial disloyalists (and with very few exceptions all our Dutch colonists are disloyal at heart) are ardently longing. Could England but be involved in a foreign quarrel ? On this is r founded- tho last hope of the enemy. Lord Salisbury, howcvei, if he feeds that war is inevitable with Franco or Russia, or with both, will hide his time, and perhaps even humble himself a little, ' hut will strike tho harder for it should suoh be necessary when the South Africnn affair is satisfactorily wound up. As for the military operations, tlioy go iu favour of the big battalions, as usual, The enemy is still indulging in attack and suffer ing accordingly. His fighting units anil his supply daily decrease, but he still remains in the field. China. The) Middle Kingdom, if. we except the Shanghai disturbance, of which wo have 'spoken, furnishes little that is now, and nothing that is very interesting. Wc aro pleased to hear that the two Australian lady missionaries are still alive, though wo mm hardly regurd them as safe so long as they remain in the hands of the Chinese at Tai-yuon-fu. This city is the capital of the province of Shansi, tho whole of which is in a highly disaffected condition. The allies have driven large hordes of the Chinese out of tlio provinco of Chi-li into Shansi, and have seized - the mountain passes oil tlio border. If the Chinese save these ladies alive it will only be in conse quence of the warnings dire by the foreign Ministers. Li Hung Chang is reported to havo written to a friendinShangaisiiying, " Keep quiet, sit tight and do nothing, and tho foreign devils will fight amongst themselves soon." If this letter could be produeed and proved Li Hung Chang's exequatur or other recognition by the concert .would be.immediately withdrawn. The. whole thing is probably a canard as it is extremely improbable that the diplomatio LI would thus commit himself to paper. As an ' alternative explanation of the -incident we may suppose that the word " Bisunghang," as the cable puts, is not, in fact, intended to represent tho -cognomen of the grand old man of China. Wireless Telegraphy. Really. Signer Marconi is becoming a very interesting. personage. His figure will loom up unpleasantly in the eyea of those financially interested in telegraph enterprises on land or under -the sea. It is hut two dr three days since when, in speaking of the acceptance of a tender for the new Pacific cable, we ven tured to express a doubt as to the ad visability of holding shares in cable -companies, and when we suggested that such cables might be rendered valueless by some further discovery by Signor Marconf. The prognostication would appear very likely to ripen into the faot, und it is more than likely that the new Pacific cable will never be laid. Signor Marconi started by despatching messages through , blocks of buildings at the General Post Office iu London. Later on he proceeded to do the same thing through the cliffs of Dover; and now ho proposes to transmit messages through the curvature of the earth, that is to America. Matter to this youthful inventor is not a material circumstance, and his whole faith is pinned to ether. To him this alleged ethereal substance. is the only solid thing existent. Of it, according to his idcu, is the whole maorocoBm composed, and the rolling stars, und this our world in comparison but trifling incidents of most evanescent and immaterial construction. At least his thesis must necessarily be something upon these lines. As a matter of fact there is no more objeotive proof of the existence of ether than there is of that of the fourth dimension. They aro both assumption and both founded on uo more than analoieal reasoning deduced from our limited knowledge of that which maybe interohangeubly known, us space or time and the matter whioh therein exists. It is not inconsistent with the signor's inven tions, rodisooveries, or improvements, to theorise that ether is a substance of cxtremo solidity and that it fills all space, and that wo human entities, as also the most solid adamant, bear to it a more trifling proportion than doos the lightest and most elusive gas to compressed steel. In short, assuming that ethor hus any objeotive existonce at ull, recent discoveries have made it impossible for us to conceive of it being an attenuated elastic fluid permeat ing all matter, 'though it is not difficult for us to imagine matter or we know it to be so loosely constructed in its atomic archi tecture, as like a ghost to pass easily through the infinitely solid ether. The more solid the substance the further and better - will such substance transmit the force of an impaot : tho more elastic the more it absorbs and distri butes it. According to our present laws of matter the ether must he very solid indeed to transmit the faint impaot of one of the signor's tintillatjons all the way to America through thousands, of miles of the tremendously com- pressed interior of mother earth. " Beer. A new disease has been discovered in Lon don, and though known by the name of peripheral neuritis, some ill-natured people might say it would be better described us " hot coppers." It is a nervouB uffeotion, -and is the direot result of drinking beer, within whose amber depths lurks a certain poison, the elusiveness of whioli baffies toxologists. At first ohemists imagined arsenio to be the oause of thi6 more or leBs libiquitouJ malady. But it would now appear that the arsenio they discovered was not in suffioient quantity (there is a certain amount of arsenio in nearly everything) to arouse tho very pronounced symptoms of tho disease. It is suggested that some sugar substitute' may account for the evil. All sorts of very sweet things, suoh as saccharine and saxin, whioh latter is 300 times sweeter than sugar, are now made from minerals, coal tar for instance; and it is just possible that the brewers' ohemists have overreaohed them selves in their attempt to mako some new departure of economio value to their employers. 