THE UHINAMAN AS HE IS. Lloyd's Weekly. John Chinaman is neither qui'.o tho t-)iU: represented in Bre6 Harte's poem, '.'The Heathen Obinee,' nor altogether tho simploton pic tin ud in Lamb'd im mortal 'Dissertation on a RoaBt Pig,' He is tbe worlds' donkey. He can be led; he-will not bo diiven. As in the case of Gordon, ho will, after proving him honour a great n».aD, whatever bis nationality. But to Western ideas John's life in de voted to frand. He believes, and always bas believed, that ho sees with two eves. and that tbe 'foreign devii' sees with only one. Wo wear Mack for rnonrning or for our boots ; be uses white. We care for the living, ha care3 for the dead. With him the place of honor is on the left hand. He doffs his hat as a kind of disrespect. His roses have no fragrance. His women-folk wear no petticoats and do no shopping. If he is happy enough to escape from the poverty and drudgery which form the rule of life in Flowery Land, his table is the measure of his riches. His legal code is formed on the supposition that fraud is universal. Trial by this code is synonymous with torture. It is not novel to find a Governor w ho has been exiled for his misdeeds recalled and promoted be cause his successor has eclipsed him in rascality. From those near the throne to those in the hovel the practice is to give bribes to all above ind to exact them from those below. Government goods are sometimes a pear in transit, the officials in charge being more anxious to levy fees for illegerl obstruction than to expedite the Imperial business. And yet luring the time the East India Com pany traded with China there was no record] of money lost through the 'raud or failure of a native merchant, ;hough large sums had to be handed ;o Chinamen for the purchase of tea in ;he interior of the country, where the ioreigner was not permitted to go. Johja's simplicity is exemplified in ;ho fact that during the China-Japan ivar he put up umbrellas to protect him rrom the enemy's shells. One writer, describing the capture of Amoy by the British in 184], says the officials pre pared a battery of 200. guns along the shore. Sailing vessels towed up to the town at a safe distance. The town was taken with the loss of one man, while the natives loss fifty. The Chinese general declared such practices ivere without precedent. When Sir H. Gough landed a mountain battery, md from a iieiffhbourino- hill .ii.f-.ar-.lrp.r1 the Chinese gunners from the rear, the officials, who had never dreamt of guns being fired down a hill, sent off hurried despatches informing the Emperor of the treacherous impropriety of the ' barbarians.' A Chinese woman is expected when young to obey her father and her eldest brother; when married, her husband; when a widow, her eldest son. She gives no orders. There is a Chinese proverb which says, '?'Women and children are clothes ' — to be had when wanted, to be cast off as desired. But in the language, the symbol for ' rest) ' and ?' quiet ' is that for ' woman under tho domestic roof.' Married sons 'are compelled to live under their parents' roof, where their wives are subject to therule of a mother in-law or of an elder sister-in law.' With his poverty may be compared John Chinaman's callous view of the value of human life. This callousness seems to be even more contemptuous of death than that mot with in India. And yet the Chinese dread the name of death. When one has died he has been ' killed.' In Fubkien, which in some respects is tbe most promising part of China, to mention death to a nstivs is to render him an insult, especially nt the opening of the year. The dreaded word is evaded wherever possible. John is much of a devil worshipper. What is called the ' worship of ances tors' is a complicated system for laying the spirits of the departed. It is the common belief that if the ghosts arc not worshipped and fed tboy wreak ven geance on tbe living. Tho worship bring the province of tbe sou facilitates divorce and polygamy, but is not with out certain redeeming features. It has been computed that the public ' worship of ancestors' costs the ompire £6,000,000 per annum, and the private worship £24,000,000. In Chinese society the scholar is re garded a? next ito the Emperor ; then comes the farmer, and after him the mechanic, and the trader. Tbe amuse ment or decorative caterer comes last in but? DUaic, iu tiuuuiuMuijt; vrnu iiuv Day ing that ' tbe man who pays highly for a eoner will not give much for virtue.' Scholarship, however, is such as we should draijjnato by that name. But ChineBO literature is not destitute of fancy. For instance there ia an old Chinese romance of which Voltaire made use, and which has many renderings bnt one moral. A doctor of Reason, mcrlitat ingvamong the tombs, observed a young widow fanning one of tbem. Seeing her in tears tho philosopher asked the canse. She replied, ' You spq a widow at the tomb of her husband. He was most; dear to nw. He loved me with tenderness. Afflicted with the idea of parting, his last words were, ' My dearest wife, should you ever think of marrying again, I conjure yoa to wait at lenst until the plaster of my tuiuli be entirely dry.' Now,' said she, 'as the walls are still damp, I thought I would help them to get dry.' The philosopher told bis adventure to his young and beautiful wif« who declared that should ho die before her &lie; would never marry .again. The philosopher puts- her to the test by shamming death, and finds her constancy no greater than that of the woman he had met amongst the tombs. She being discovered, com mits suicide, and ho resolves nover to take another wife., 