JIM BLUDS0. Wall, no ! I can't tell whar he lives, ; Because he don't live, you see ; Leastways, he's got out of the habit Of livin' like you and me. Whar have you been for the last three year That you .hayen't heard folks tell ; Ho w Ji ramy ]j-ludsp;'{VMsed in hi^ cb e ok s , , -r. The iiight of the Pra'irie Belle ? He weren't no saint — them' engineers Is all pretty much alike — One' wife in Natchez-under-the-Hill And another one here, in Pike. A keerless man in his talk was Jim, ? ' And a awkward man in a row — But he never funked and he never lied, I reckon he never knowed how. And this was all the religion he had — To treat his engine well ; Never be passed on the river ; To mind the pilot's bell ; And if ever the Prairie Bell took fire, , A thousand times he swore,. He'd hold her nozzle agin the bank Till the last soul got ashore. All boats has their day on the Mississip, And her day come at last — The Movastar -v^as a betterjboat,. ; But the Belle she ' wouldn't ' be passed. And. so she. came tearing along that night ; The oldest craft on the line, . With a nigger squat on her safety-valve, And her furnace crammed, rosin and pine. Thie fire burst out as she cleared the bar, And burnt a hole in the night, ? ' ? And quick as a flash she turned, and madie For that wilier-bank on the right. ' There was running and cursing, but Jim yelled ? out, i Over all the infernal roar, ' I'll hold her nozzle agin the bank ' Till the last galoot's ashore.' Through the hot, black breath of the burnin' ' boat, Jim Bludso's voice was heard, And they all had trust in his cussedriess, And knowed he would keep his word, i And, sure's you're born, they all got off Afore the smokestacks fell — And Bludso's ghost went up alone In the smoke of the Prairie Belle. He weren't no saint — but at judgment I'd run my chance with Jim, , 'Longside of some pious gentlemen ; : .That wouldn't a shook hands with him. He seen his duty, a dead sure thing, And went for it thar and then ; . , Ancl Christ ain't a goin' to be too hard , , On a man that died for men. V V . . —Colonel Hay. Life has no salt in it. See howl halt in it ! — : I, who once rode with the first of the flight — Watching and waiting now, feebly debating now 7 Whether the close will bring darkness or light ; Half my time pondering, back through life wan dering, Groaning to see how that life has been marred— Seeing, the blots in it, all the bad spots in it, Mustering, bringing past sins to, the yard. — Babcroft Boaee. 