' Parted at the Altar-' A Charming love Story of Intense and Tiirillinj Interest. BY L. J.- L.~ - Author^ of ' A' Working. Girl's Triumph.' CHAPTER XXIX.— Continued. 4f Did she tbink I meant to woo and win her for the sake' of her weulth ?' Angor and wounded pride 'came to his rescue, blati ting the sting of her elormy words. If there was one clans o£ men he had always detested above others it was . fortune-hunter!** And the thought that he should be classed as one or tnose aespicaoie creatures cut to hiR heart like the sharp thrust of a dagger. The next morning the news was circulated among the young ladies that Mr. Thornton had left the hotel the night before. 'Oh, how provoking 1' they chor used in a breath. ' And the season at its height, too. How we shall miBB him at the dances ! He was a charm ing partner. How provoking that the attraction was not strong enough ^to keep him here to the end of the sea son !' And more thun one glance was mal iciously shot towards Doris. Doris turned quietly to the pretty blonde who had made thexemark. /' Perhaps he went because the . at traction elsewhere was strongest — as it should be in his case. I believe Mr. Thornton to — be — married.' ' Married 1' echoed the littlo group, in amazemont. ' Surely that cannot be, Miss Fielding. What reason have you for thinking so, and who is the lady?' ' Some three years ago he was be trothed to MIbs 'Vivian Courtney. He love,d her, and, I have every reason to bolieve, married her,1' returned Doris, in a low, faint voice. ' Indeed you are mistaken,' declared one of the group, hastily. 'He was engaged to Miss Courtney, it is quite true, but for Home unexplained reason the inarrittgo was broken off. He went abroad, and about that time her father died of apoplexy. A year Inter, after waiting in vain for her lover to return and make up their quarrel, pretty dark-eyed Vivian married a wealthy merchant for his gold. They had anything but a happy life of it, and ct last ho died, and his young widow is spending the money ob fast as she can. J. read in one of tho soc iety journals she was expected here this season. No doubt she has heard that- her old lover is here, and is fol lowing him up. And, learning that, Frederick' Thornton has taken French leave, taking to himself the friendly warning to ' beware of vidders.' A wise man. knows better than to 'en couruge them.'' . Doris listened like one turned snd dunly to stone. The long porch, with its groups of promenaders, the white beach, und the long sa'etch of restless tea beyond, seeme 1 to whirl round her. Ah, Hearen ' had she heurd aright, or was this a cruel mockery of tho t-enses ? Vivian and Frederick had parted — three — _) ears — a^o? Ah, surely it could not have beenl They loved each other too well for that. AUU UBUUVAUg U1IUBDU J.1CO III# WUU 1111(1 I win Vivian, what had come between' them. Could it be that his conscience had smitten him when he oame face to face that night with the poor child bride whom he had married only to desert ? and did remorse overcome him with the knowledgo she had sought death to set liim free P And was it Heaven'B retribution upon him, ehe wondered, that he should meet her again, aud knowing her not — she was so changed in name,, face, and fortune — fall desperately in love with her ? That he did love her now she could not doubt. Had he not perilled his life for hers? Was there ever a stronger teat of love than that? And she had sent him away— oh, cruel cruel ! And yet the spirit of that other Doris called out to her for vengeance 1 He must suffer as she had suffered. He must feel, pang for pang, the cruel torture of unrequited love, such as she bad felt in the horror of that neyer to-be-forgotten hour when kindly I strangers, pitying her youth and her friondlessness, had brckon tho heart rending truth to her — that he had for- I sakon her. CHAPTER XXX. FARTED AGAIN, ' When I forget the past, then I will forgive him — never until then,' Doris thought. She tried to take up the old lifo ncrnin — tried to be as hnpny as she was bofore Frederick Thornton crossed ber pu th for the Becond time. But it was a task beyond her accomplish ment. A voice was for ever crying out to her : 'You linve won liia love at last. Why did you bieak his heart- nnd your own too by sending him away from you?' The thought that poor hapless Doris of the past wan avenged brought her no comfort. Should she write to him and recall him ? He was still her husband — j-es, her husband ! Her heart gave a great, sudden thrill at the thought. No, no, she would not recall him. Her pride rebelled against this. He ; should not have gone away bo hastily. The following weeic, among the new arrivals, came the oharraing young widow, Vivian CarRtlnle. That even ing, for the first time since that cruel event, which bad happened three long years before, Vivian and Doris met again, fape *o face. Vivian turned a ghastly white, even under her plenti ful supply of pearl rouge. ' Who is that girl ?' she cried, in coherently, turning to one of the lad ies standing near, and indicating Doris. 'That? Why, Miss Fielding — the belle of Newportl'' returned her com panion, gn/.ing admiringly nfter Doris's tall, slim, graceful figure. ' Why, how white you look, Mrs, Camsdale 1 ' What can be the matter ? You look as if you had seen a ghost.' ' I almost imagine I have,' retorted Vivian, turning abruptly away. ?' Was there ever a face so like?' muttered Vivian, when she found her self alone in her own boudoir. ' If I did not know that Doris was sleeping under- the waves, I should suy that the girl is Doris, older, nnd grown taller, with tho same features, yet a thousand times more beautiful.' She took great care to place herself near Doiis the next day, where she could listen to her voice, observe every play of those mobile features; and again it struck Vivian as to 'how like this girl's voice wob to that of Doris. In that same hour these two, whose paths had crossed each other so strangely, were presented to oacb other. ' You remind me so strangely of one whom I used to know,' said Vivian, sweetly, ' thnt, do you know, I am al most lost in wonder sometimes, the similarity is so striking.'' She was watching,- Doris «errowly, and saw the flash and tho look of con fusion that crossed her lovely face. The more Vivian tnlked t' Miss Fielding, the more a certain wild idea that had taken possession of her became strengthened in her mind. Very ingeniously Vivian led the con versation round to education. Where were you educated, Mies Fielding?'' Bhe asked, suddenly. UU UUBb wnuuut OLUJJ ping to think, Doris had uttered the fatal words that sprang to her lips:' ' At Madams Delmar's school, Beech Grove, Maryland.' Vivian uttered a little stiffling scream;- — All her doubts now verged into assurances, Withlightening-like rapidity she turned upon the shrink ling before her. No change of appear ance, nothing in this world, could have veiled Doris's identity from the lival who had hated her with such a bitter hatred three long years ago. ? ' I know' you; you cannot deceive me,' she cried, shrilly, ' You are jjona xMimaon, tne gin wno sioie my lover from me because I trusted you to deliver a letter to him. You are qot dend, then. You have risen from the grave to coma between us again. Now that 1 think of it, the body sup posed to have been drowned was never found. Why aro you here sailing under false colours ? Miss Fielding , indeed! You shall bo denounced as an inn ostor before to- morrow's sun rises.' Like a whirlwind, she turned and left Doris standing stunned, dozed, be wildered, on the sunlit, vernndnh. Like one suddenly stricken blind she slowly groped her way to her own room. ' What did Vivian intend to do ?' she asked herself, .with .a., gre_»t,. gasping sob. , , Had it been such a terrible sin, when — Mad from life's history, Glad to death's mystery, in a frantic momontshe had flung her self into the water? : She knew how bitterly such an ac tion-would be condemned — that the verdict of the world would be— No matter how hard she had found life, she should have taken up her cross with patience and resignation. This, then, was what Vivian meant; and more, having been saved from a watery grave, she shsuld have let that fact become known. What if, beliove ing her dead, Froderick Thornton had married again ? He would have been innnnonl- nt „11 ? ? _ J .1. IUIU1I I, U1IU sue— yes , she— would have to answerj for it before an offended God. She could see now that it had been all wrong, keep- j ing the faot that sho .still lived from her husband. That ho did not love her was no ex cuse. Sho saw it all now in quite a different light from what she had ever thought of it before. ? What a sensation there would be on tho morrow when -Vivian revealed all ! All the world would know that she was a forsaken bride ; that the man sho had married had deserted her ut the altar almost. And they would say, too, that in after years, whi-n the child-bride (whom be had married so hastily, rnpenting of the rash deed even while the solemn marriage ser vice was being uttered) was changed beyond recognition, nhe threw herself in his way under an assumed name, won his love, and trampled it under her feet. This had been lier plun of vengeance, and a most ignoble venge ance it had been. ' Yes, they would say all that of me!' moaned Doris, 'and I could never endure that.' Sooner or Inter the story would reach Frederick Thornton's ours, and, oh, how shocked he would be ! 'Bettor that he should hear this' from me than from the lips of a stranger,'' muitered Doris, pacing ex citedly up and down her room, wring ing her little white jewelled hands,, then pressing them tightly over her throbbing heart. 'Yes, yes, I will write to him, confessing-all ; thou I will go awuy so far he cun never find me.' Seating herself before her writing desk, with trembling hand and face as while ns death, sho began her -letter to Frederick Thornton. It was a long, c'osely written letter, blotted with heavy toars. _ 7 In it sbe went backyto that fatal night when, she !ol lowed him and Viv ian through llto grounds of --Thornton. Ilnu^e, and had suddenly sprungv out before them, throwing oft- her disguise, - crying out that she, his mother's com panion, was. the bride he hail married only to cruelly deserr. And how, in the intonse excitement of tho. moment she had, turned from hiin without waiting ;o hear one word of defence, if he hn'd any to make for such an action, and hail flung herself headlong into the waves. How she had been snvrd from death, and had made her way to tho great, cruel city of New York, where the accident be fell her from which Karl Lancaster wns instrumental in rescuing her. She also told hiin of the great dis cverv that had ensued — that she, the poor little dependent, who hal suffer ed all the pangs of poverty, wan nn heir.'S' — tlie daughter of Hubert Bran don Fieldintr, an English aristocrat. She told lio-v the impulse to confess who she was had been strong upon her when, after an absence of three long years, she had suddenly mot him abroad that day. An-1, how seeing that he did not recognise her, because she had changed so greatly during the lenath of time thnt had ? intervened, she had made up her mind never to reveal her identity, come what might. Also of the idea that had taken pos session of her that, lOving- Vivian as he had loved her in the past, and be lieving him-elf free, no doubt he had married her. She h.'id been of this opinion when they were talking to gether out o- the sands on that night he left Newport so suddenly, 'She then told of her subsequent dis covery, that he had parted from Viv ian for ever on thnt fatal night three years ago, and of Vivian's arrival at the hotel, and how she had recognised her, declaring that on the morrow the wholo world should know her story. \- ' J could never endure that-,' ehe wrote, piteouslr, ' and so I am going n'niy — go- mi! so far that no one' who hitfi looked upon my face will ovei behold rae again. Vivian accnses me of endeavouring to come between you and her aguin. This I earnestly, aolemnlv declaro is untrue. It is this which sends me into exile. Knowing that I am the sittne Doris whom you Once so despised. I know von will cease to think kindly of her whom vou knew as Miss Fielding When we woro out breasting the mad waves together — when you were porilhng your lifo to save mine— again the impulso was strong within mo to cry out that I was Doris — poor, unhappy Doris ; but, with the words on my Hob.I fell baok in a swoon. Doalh must havo ensued had not your strong arms borne me to safety. Forget and forgive me if vou can. Wo shall never meet ngain. The world is wide. I wrecked your lire once. I cannot wreck it a second time. Farewell for ever,— Your unhappy .Doris.' With hands cold as death. Doris sealed her letter, addressed it, and took it down to the letter-box in tho office. ' Now,' sho said, as she stood again in her own roo»ri, ' nothing is left for me to do but iro quietly away, secretly and alone. When Vivian tolls her J story, tboy will not find me. hero,' j CHAPTER XXXI. A HTiiANGI! JIBVELATION. Groat was Mrs. Lancaster's surprise to receive a hurriedly-written note from Doris the next morning stating she had been callod suddenly away, and would write to hor when ehe reached her destination. ' I cannot understand this strange freak of Doris,' oxclaimed Mrs. Lan caster, as she handed the note over to hor husband. ' Where do you suppose Doris lias pone?' she said. ' It seems almost iucrediblo to believe. Left Nowport — nnd the eeuHon at its height. — with- out one word as to why or wheie she was going I I really cannot compre hend it. Can you ?' ' I novor nttompt to comprehend a Woman's motives, ' returned her hus band, laconically. ' It would be a useless waste of time and thought.' Vivian Carsdale heard of Doris's de parture with a strange smile on her lips. She, and she alone, understood her sudden ight. She did not make known poor Doris's story as she had threatened to do. Sho had merely meant to frighten the girl into ac knowledging her identity. Now that her rival had vanished she could af ford to hold her peace. There was great' disappointment among the young ladies over Doris's sudden departure, for she was n gen eral favourite, and- this piqued Vivian exceedingly. Very adroitly she set herself to the task of unravelling what seemed to her a wonderful mystery — a* to how poor, dependent Doris had bec'omo a great heiress, nud was known as Miss; Fielding. Littlo by little she drew from Mrs. Lancaster the story of her son Karl's adventure and his romantic meeting with Doris, and their discov ery subsequently that she was the long-lost heiress whom they had been seeking. She had been identified, be yond a doubt, as the daughter of tho TTonrmrnlVlo TTttlhawf Dxnn/lnn T7in'M_ iug. ' But her past life ?' inquired Viv ian, eagerly. ' Did she ever ' ? 'She told me very little of her past life,' interrupted Mrs. Lancaster. 'Doris did not like to talk about it.' Vivian knew, when she hoard that, that Doris had never revealed that strange chnpter in her past life. ' It is a wonder that Mr. Thornton, the banker's son, who left tho hotel, recently, and Mis-» Fielding did not make a match,' laughed Vivian. ' I hear that he was so much in love with her.' - ' Doris took a strange dislike to him,' responded Mrs. Lancaster, 'lie was nl.lj&IJwt; was gallant and hand some, following her sound likp a shallow.'- Yot she avoided him. when ever it was possible.' ' I should not have thought that would havo -''pleased your son, Mrs. Lancaster,' laughed . Vivian ; ' for, if j i report speaks -ti uly^ he has hopes in J l .that direction.'! | . ' Doris- always- declares . sho wilT never -marry,' so : all -hope would be useless in tlint direction,' auid Karl's mother. ? -.- ? ? . v .; . Andt at-; that ' moment tlie entrance of Karl himself puta stop, to all further conversation on that:topic ? Newnnrr. oven' in'' nil if.a irniaf.t i ^ , would not have attracted Vivian thither had it not boen for the hope of seeing Frederick I lmrnton again, and the wild delusion of fanning the old love into flarhe. THo shock of coming face to faco with Doris, whom she be lieved to be dead, had been a great and terrible blow to her, and she had realized, with this liviny barrier bo tweon them, that Frederick was in deed lost to her for ever. Ye' it was with n feeling of intense satisfaction she had realized that ow ing to the great and surprising chnnco in Doris, Frederick had failed tn rec ognise her. It was no wonder. The Doris he had known in thnt pa«t was but a timid slip of a schoolgirl ; the Miss Fielding he had met in later years was a society belle and a beauty. What strange fate had brought them together npain, nnd parted them more widely than before ? 'This is the second time that girl has come between me and Frederick Thornton's Live !' gronned Vivian, desperately, ns she'paced the floor of her room escitodly. Meanwhile the days dragged slowly^ by; the weeks lengthened into a month ; and as vet not a line had been received from Doris. But let us follow Doris's letter written that night to Frederick Thorn ton. and see what became of it. Trav elling anoiii irom ptnee to place as ne wns. it was a difficult matter for a letter .to reach liim. v It wns quite six weeks ere Doris's letter fell into his hands. He looked at tho squavo white en velope, whioh, by its ninny crossed-out directions seoniod to have followed hiui about so persistently with curious eves, wondering who his now corres ™.,i,i i,„ 'The best way to find out would he to open it and see,' ho thought, suit ing the action to the word. He' saw it was closely-written letter blotted by tears. I ' It looks like Miss Fielding's writ ing,'' he cried, quickly turning over tho sheet. '' Why it .is from Miss Fielding !*' he muttered, catching his lirenth hard. Like a inan in a dazed, bewildered dream, Frederieb Thornton read the startling letter through from begin ning to end. What was it this letter told him ?. Was he mad or dreaming? Doris, hisiittle, negleoted bride, whom he hod mourned ns dead, and Miss Fielding were one and the same ! Oh, impossible! There was some terrible mistake! Again and again he read the letter through. Yes, here it was, in black nnd white, nB plain as written words could make it, every incident brought up and lucidly explained. Great drops of poropl ration atood on his face, and ? : ? u . ? ? ? ; his hands trembled, strong man though he was. But one thought filled his [ heart and brain. He could claim Doris Fielding; she waa his wife. Now he realised why he had been ao strangely attracted towards her from the first. Had he been blind that he had not noticed her great resemblance to the youug bride, whom Fate had parted hiin so strangely in that bitter past? The revelation waa wonderful to him. He would lose' 110 time in hurrying back to Newport to see Doris and ex plain to hor. that which Bhe had not given him time to explain on that fatal night — the innocent cause that had parted them, wrecking two lives. (V'o be Continued ?) 