SOME LUST GOLD MINES- With things eo doll in the city frays the 4 Financial News'), the speculatively inclined may take np the clues to buried treasure tarnished by Mr F. W. Hodge, of the United States Bureau of Ethnology, who recently returned from a two months' tour on the south-west Mexioan border. He heard many stories of bnried treasure, of whioh we reproduoe one or two. Lost gold mines, of oonrse, are not entirely new to the city. Some, bearing well-known names, are eo thoroughly lost that they have never been found, although markets are made in the shares. Between the years 1736 and 1740, Don Diego Asmendi, a wandering Mexioan miner, reached a settlement of the Papago Indians, situated almost upon the present boundary line between Arizona and Sonora, Mexioo, and by some ehanoe came across a hidden deposit of silver. He astonished tbe Mexicans by returning with what was probably the largest virgin lump of the white metal before or sinoe found in the world, containing 2,7061b of pure silver, Another lamp weighed 2751b, and tbe aggregate weight of several other nuggets was 4,028ib. A dispute arose with the Mexican Customs authorities, who put an enormous tax on these nuggets, and the Viceroy was appealed to. He deoided that the controversy, involving, as it did, the largest silver nugget found in the world, was beyond his responsibility, and that it would have to be referred to the King of Spain himself. Tbe King, taking the Viceroy's hint, promptly ruled that a nngget weighing 2,7001b must be regarded aB a curiosity, and that all natural ouriosities of great value found in the oolonies muet by courtesy be regarded as the property of the Grown. Asmendi was naturally heartbroken at suoh treatment, and is said to have left Mexioo in disguet without revealing the precise locality of tbe wonderful mine. It was, however, known beyond doubt that .the lumps of silver were found in" or near the Papago settlement of Arizsnao. Tbe name Arizonac thereupon became widely applied to this region, and when -the present territory of Arizona was oarved out of Mexioo its tiame was direotly derived from this eame Papago village, near whioh the abandoned mine of Asmendi still remains undeveloped. The PapagOB still have their little settle ment on the spot, and would not resist any attempt to mine the region. Mr Hodge learned, from an old and reputable authority, of a store of lost gold known to have remained buried einoe a generation ago, somewhere between what are now two small stations — 1 ' M'Garty's' and ' Grant '—15 miles apart on the Santa Fe Pacific railroad. A Mexican expedition was returning from tbe Osliforaian goldfields laden with treasure when they heard that a great band of Navajos were about to raid them. They hastily buried their precious burdens in the distriot indioated, but had hardly covered the last nugget and planted oertain marks before the Indians swept upon them and slaughtered all except one, who escaped to the settlement. Hurry, ing ia search of others to help bim reoover the gold, the man met with a mishap, after giving a meagre description of the hiding place. A party searched for the spot designated, and started exoavating; but one of the men hit with his shorel a stons with peculiar markings, which resounded with suoh a wierdly hollow tap as to lead him to believe that something uncanny resided beneath. He alarmed his companion?, whd, being of a superstitious nature, imagined that in a cavern baneath the soil ihe ghosts of the massacred miners were watching as sentries over their loBt treasure. Another story refers to quite a reoent date. A dozen or more years ago an American named AdamB eame hurrying baok from the Navajo country into tbe mining town of Gallup, on the Santa •Fe Paoifioroad, in Western New Mexioo, literally weighed down with huge nuggets -of pure gold. The people in tbe locality at once beoame wild with excitement. JLdams told how he, with several com- panions had discovered a rich mine in the Navajo reservation, and how they were just gathering from the surface •ueh hpge nuggets aB he carried with him when they were all raided by a hostile band of Indians. While fleeing for their livesall were butohered excepting himself. A large party was at onoe organised with suffioi&nt; strength to reoover the mine; but Adams, who held the key to the situation, sucoumbiag to tbe exoite- -ment of bis terrible ordeal and narrow escape, went raving mad, and soon afterwards died' in an insane aeylum. The party, however, attempted the recovery of the gold, but soon returned unsuccessful. A fourth story runs:— 4 In the town of Turns, whioh lies partly on the California and partly on the Arizona side of the Colorado River, there lived 30 or 40 year ago a Mexican known to possess a rich but undeveloped gold mine somewhere in the desert to the west. Whenever he beoame in want he mysteriously die appbared from the li'.tle town by night. He was always careful to change his course eaoh trip, so as to avoid, by retracing his tracks, the leaving of a trail suoh as might lead others to the spot Returning, usually in about a week, the man was always heavily laden with preoious metal, the mysterious source of which weighed upon the ouriosity of the entire neigh borhood. 