"WESLEYAN CHURCH, . ARARAT. FAREWELL SERVICE BY CAJ>TAIN J, E. JEN KISS. On Suudty evening last the Wesleyan Church was crowded with an attentive congregation' on the occasiou of Captain Jenkins's farewell service. The preacher took bis text from Isaiah xii, 4, and said that Isaiah's prophecy was often called Isaiah's gospel because of its frequent references to the birth, ministrations, sufferings and death of out Saviour, and the.twelfth chapter from which the text was taken, was sometimes called the song of the young Christian. In the first verae there is a burst of praise, in the second a declaration of assurance or conldeoce in God, and in the fourth the fiiat three steps in I be Christian life are specified. The phrase, 14 Io that day," is used in Scripture in different senses; in the text it could only refer to the day of conversion. It would nut be true—thfl veiy I sverse—for any but a converted person to ate the l*agauge ia the 6rst and second verses— (> Thine anger is turned away and Tfanu dost coBifort me, In that day—the day of conversion—thou shall nay, Piai.e the Lord;" call upon His name; declare His doings among the people. These are the firat three exeicises in which the young .Christian will engage The first is praise. ' Tbey all knew Lbere were times when the heart was. too full for words. In the cily, when the relief of Mafeking was made known, there were many who found words too poor', to express their joy, and so it was in religious experience. Those who have never felt this know very little about the true leligion, or at least the religion of Jesus Christ: for it is the joy in the Holy Ghost which distinguishes Uis religion preeminently Icom every other. They consist more or less of mere forms and ceremonies—His of a real practical hesrtfelt experience. The Kingdom of Heaven into which, all are born who are born of His spirit.- consists of Righteousness, Peace and Joy in the Holy Ghost. No Christian should be-content with anything short of the Trinlty.*: By all means lay the foundation of Kghteou'sness deep, broad and firm, and let the superstructure of peace be erected tbete* on in all its.beauty; but also let the keystone .of joy be laid in its place on top of all its speedily as possible. Even Christianity is ii lighthouse through which the light of the sun bf righteousness stresms on a dark and sinful' world, and as the natural light, when it sbiues through stained or discolored glass, is robbed of its brightness and glory,, so the spititusl light, retlecled'by those Chrietians who du not possess the joy referred to, is dimmed and darkened, - and robbed nf its beauty and brightness. Many are not Chris- tians to day, because they are repelled by such csricatures; because they do not look to the Christ himself, and remember as they look, that even He did not show forth the beauty of His religion as we may. His mission on this world waa to die for men— the shsdow of Calvary's cross was ever before Him. Whereas we have b:en plaoed here in the infinite wisdom uf God to help to show forth His glory, let as praise Him with our mouths and with uprightness of heart. In tha devotional gatherings and other suitable occasions let our months be the trumpets of Hie praise, .and in oar business aaioag our fellow workmen, in all our dealings with those hy whom we are surrounded, let ns praise Him with uprightness of heart, with oonsistency of life and conduct. The second step is .Prayer. Many of our tempoial .mercies are showered upon us lavishly, and without request from us, But one thing—tlln forgiveoeas of sin—God never gives without -being asked. Prayer does not mean a long 'formal repetition of certain words and phrases; on the contrary, it mBtters not how brief if it comes from the hem t. y Prayer is the sincere desire, uttered or unexpressed, the motion of a Ere thai trembles in th'e breast^1 •the field of subjects for prayer and the conditions on which prayer will be answered, were referred to and illustrated. The third step is Teaching or Preaching. These terms include all the publicwork being performed fcr God. This third -step has been taken uot bnly by the occupants of pulpit and platfor JI but by the vast army of Sunday school teachers, mission workero, visitors of I be sick, and also by those who preach Christ in thtir homes by their'consistent .unselfish, Christlike lives. The silent preacher has often more effectively deolaied the Lord's doings than the orator or sermoniser. Workers were urged to follow Paul's advice to Timothy,'" Give attendance to reading, exhortation and doctrine." Heading—It is our part to preps re lo do our best. Itesulta be long to God. Has a teacher done bis beat who neglects reading ! . Bead the Bible, but extend your reading beyond that Keep abreast of oorreot literature,- make yoursilf as familiar as possible with natural history and science, and everything thst will enable you to understand the wonderful works of the Great Creator by which we are surrounded. Then give your attention to eihorUtion and utilise every anitable opportunity of teltiug the " old, old story," ana finally, as yon have time and leisure, gire attention to doctrine', especially those which are most closely iuterirovetLp : ilb <piu)'s salvation. P 