institution of Bishop Stretch soL 0 BrMN CItEJIEMOY AT TEWR rro CAUI'EDRAL. The institotion of the Right 11ev. Bishopl Stretc'h, later Co-adjutor liHoho) of Brisbmne, as incullmbent of Christ Cllirch jiarisi aind Dean of tlie Calthe di rrul (iin siccnsion to ilie Ilate ])c ai Selnyri), too pl:alcle at the l'ro-Carthe drical yi.slerdla rfltrnooii, the p~roceed iigns Itcinrg cairricrd out with aillrolpri :rie soilciiinity anti with fceling*s of thanrrknsgiving to Almighty Godi thit the l'rinmu slloill Ihaive been forlerrisni enouig hi to secure so worthy adl giftedl a sriiuif the Churrchr iii .\utirl erria, tihe new Iean lining a native of Victoria. T'ie c-ern erory wain ]s preeonred 1by the Ihiglit 11ev. Dri. Stantnon, Bihhlol of tile dioirerc of NeSrrcastle, ill ei~iscolnri orilr, eniid iia lire presenee of tile arch ileeoles and irinriy of the clergy of the iiilnce:r'. Tirrene preuienit near tire choir were tlhe Vic. Archdrieaone 'e rrell, h.A., iii East Mrnithand; the Yen. Arch deniconi White, M[.A., of Mrr.swelillrook; the Yenl. Archdeaconr Bode, of St. John's, Newcsile; tile 1oev. Canon ohlr Sraw, BA.., of tire Paterson; tile 11cc. A. C. Thomas, of Morpeth; tire 11ev. 11.. Hr. Walker, registrar of tire diocese ned elerical seoretLry of synod; tile RlePs. Thos. B. Regg" (St. maul's, \V'cst irfaivlruid), Chalqes Bic:e (Christ Church, Newcastle); C.. T. L. Varring lair, M.A. (W'allsend), Stephen Taylor, BIA. (Gresford). Chirrler U . A. Mionro (curate rut East Jiritand), W. J. M~it chic (Mouant Vincent),. U. Inhuand' Soith, B.A. (JelTy's ]lahins). W. '. Janice (Stockton), and ij. B. Stethen coni (lercwetlrer). the ,latter carrying tire irStoerat stair for the Bishop of Kewcastle. Tlhe clergy wore their stoles and hoods, and those who had t:rken de gtrees wore elso thcir dlistinctive scarves. The surpliced choir led tIre ,ray ill tire singinrg ofti Irh processional hymn, being followvedtr trhe clergy :ntdl tie Bildops. Bishop. Stretchl tooni up a dosition to tie left, of the congre gation a.t tile right of tlre comnuunsion tiable, being aeeomlpanied- by the Ven. ,relhdeareons Tyrrell rind XWhite. Dr. Stanton sr- its.rinear the rentre of tile choir, and the Yen. Archldeacon londe, tIle l1ev. Canon Shra~y, the 11ev. A. A. Tlhomas, and thre registrar of the diocese faced Bishop Stretch from the other side thereof. The Rev. P. J. Sinhison. of St. Andrew's Cathedral. Syldney. was Irrenent among tire con g'regation. There was a fairly large corigregatoior, tile sarrere edifice being tirrec-parts filled. Considering t hat it hudt rained heavily during the dary tins attendance must be regardcd as very satisfactory. Tire 11cv. C. Mice read the opening prayers. Thre r1. A. C. Thomas read t.ie First Lesson, and the Rtev. Canon Sunaw read the Second Lessonr. The choir, unlder tihe conr.uctorship of the orgrnrist, Mr. Edward. Ring, then sang psorlrnsi. ll, 132, anod 133. All the clergy joirred in thre sirginig. Before tire cerisony proper, tile choir sang 'Hosy inos-el are the mne.sscc rs that prerach us tIre gospel of peace; to all the na tion Iras gone forth the sound of their seords." Then the Bishop of the diocese ap proelicdi the foot of tile altar, and nd dressing the congregation, said:- "Dearly Beloved in tre Lord,--For asrnrluh as the Church through many centirries. hacs approved tre ofhico of Beran for the good governmnet of Crthedrals, purposing thereby to pro vide assistanc to tile Bishop and Chapter in making such C'lthedrrl tile centre of spiritual life, of holy work, and reverent corsldp, ini tire diocese; and, further, to promote unity by dravwirig towards it file scattered de votions and energies of Gent's people, and also to assist public worship by showing forth God's praise in tire bearity of psalnrody, and to seek tile editieritiors of all by expositions rad exhortrrtiorns uttered by iivers Irchrcir ers of tile diocese. Nosy, seeing that this oe'r brother has becin duly catleo to tire ofiie, of Dean ill this Cathedral. rind inerunrrrenrt of tire prrrishr belonging thereto, let us unite in instituting and irrstlling hins to these sacred offices, anrd let us ireg God's blessing on our urlrcrtarkrinrg." 'l'lre eongregation then chanted the lord's iir.5"ytcx. Meanwhcrile the Bishop of tire dio-tnse, knelt'and when the voices had ceased, he added:-"Al mighty God, the Giver of all good gifts, who by Thy Divine providence hast appointed divers orders in Thy Church, give Thy grace, woe Inmbly bteseechr Thee, to this Thy servant, now called to tire charge of this parish, and so replenish him wcith the truth of Thy doctrine, and endue hhn with irinocenrcy of life, thrut he may faithrfllry serve before Thee to the glory of Thy great nnie, arid the bene fit ci 'Ty, holy Church, t~hrouffih Jesu.s Christ. our Lord. Annenr.i Other prayers preseribed for like on' casions were offered up. Then there seas a period of absolute silence, whrile tile congregation made sapplication. Next canme in dun forns plycrs oby the Dishop, for the outpourinrg:of the Holy Spirit. upon tire nrew Dean, that hie ming?t serve God faithfully for tire edi fiestirn of I1(-s Cirreh. 'Their folloswed the ireeni Creator." While ld were knecling the choir sang thie ancient Ihyinsi. 'Come, Isolly Ghost, our souls in s)iire, and igtllern with en1e.tirri Iir,'! T'his over', the Bishop or tire dioditto directed that the license for tile !irct?"lX aplrointed Dean should be read, al"d this was done by tire oev. R. It. -nl Iter, the registrar of tile diocese and secretary of synod. Sunbsecqrentiy tire nrims Dean wrrs escorted try tire Bishop of Newcrstle to his stall, where hIe signed his acceptance of the appoint ornt to tire diocese in tire presence of tire three Archdeacons and tire clergy. Bishop Stontori then addresse d tire irny Deaif as folliwvs:-"ln thankful ness to Almighty God), nonho hla groci ously' called you to tire cfice-of Dean in tihrs Cathedral, and the c.re of souls in this parish, and In full nisutrance that Hils wisdlom will guide :0ou and Ills arn strenigthlens you for (lis dis charge of these sacred duties, 1 hdrcby irrstall you into tire office of hears of this Cathredrlrl Churchi of Cllrili Clhurcrh, ini this diocese of Nencastle: .nal inrstitunte you to the incumbency of tire pmariniS belonging thereto, bil iung youel veicone in tire ronic of tile clergy an d I eople. Arid Inray tile teored pI'eerve thy going oat andl coni in.g jn front this time. forth for ever mlore.", Trie Van. Arcideaeons Tyrrell, Whirc, an d Hour then formally wel' corned the inew D)ean to the iliocese. '1th ]toy1. Cation RlhLw (senlior priest) and tho Rev. A. C. "Fhoiiias also wel comerd him. The Yen. Arehd-t?no n White then ical the collects, 'fo, all IBishops and pastors." '!'hen follo'cl tihe rcccs iioiitl hltiun ,nd hymri ] l 5yni ind 3l1, tile latte,, "Onward, Cliristulal S0oI iliers,"' einii siini with tlireuut. ferv-our ti" the choir and cong'regdtion. Ills lordship Dr. Statnton. with puu total staff in haind, then sohemnily gore hli" benedicfion, ntid the proceeding!. \\.c?se it iaLn eild. 