Church and Organ. A SufDAT evening preacher at Dunedin New Zea" land, about three weeks ago was so powerful on the theme of death that he caused four of the ladies in the choir to faint. First one went off, and was carried forth. Down went another, and another, and yet another. We assume that all this was genuine. FaintiDg awakens msnly sympathy more than anything. It is mightily contagious. On this occasion the preacher got quite frightened and cooled off considerably. So seldom is hell mentioned iu any Melbourne churcb, that one fancies the mere word would act as a Mauser bullet to bring a fair one down. Preachers must consider whether they do not expatiate too much on the rosy side. Mast I be wafted to the skies On luxurious beds of down P asks a familiar hymn. Well, accirdtng to Melbourne preachers at large, that is the operation. No word unmentionable to ears polite is ever heard. We suppose that positively all the ladies in a Melbourne church, and many of the gents, would faint if a good old sulphurous Whitefield or John Kaox turned up. OTJE notfce of Archbishop Carr's visit to the Sacred Heart Chuich, St. Kilda, was cut short through exigencies of space. Let it be added that after Muss H s Grace was welcomed to St. Kilda by one of those genial meetings which the church does not forbid to be held in the sanctuary. A collection, including promises, of over £S00 was taken up for building a day school and Presbytery. His brace, donating £50, took occasion to remark that not a larger amount than this had aB yet been gleaned from the Crotty bequest, ahova £10,000 appropriated to St. Patrick'*, m accord with the earnest wish of the teBtator. The Archbishop went on to speak in very urgent terms on the necessity of Catholic religious instruction in day Echools. The erection of a St. Kilda Presbytery was sorely needed, but it must be postponed till the school was looked after. So a new Catholic Bchool is going up in St. Kilda as another protest against the impossibility of the schemes of the Religion in State Schools League. Commenting on Gounod's Mass we overlooked Mrs. M'Liughlin, the laiy organist, who was responsible for so much of the overpowering effect. RET S. P. CABBY'S last Sunday sermon at the Collins- street Biptist Church was on Simeon's remark in Lake, " Lira, now lettest Thou Thy servant depart in peace," There was some reference to the demise of Mr. Fenwick, au esteemed deacon. In the larger application of the text Mr. Cirey's key-word was expectation. Simeon's life waB one of expectation, only realised in extreme old age. The discourse was mightily suggestive in leading one to think of Christian expectation now. What upheavals in China, Africa and elsewhere, Great changes in our own Australia. All these things are to be taken as the mysterious working of Providence for the advancement of the Kingdom of God on earth. Mr. Carey announced that on 9lh August he would lecture on Church life throughout America as he Lad just seen it. Yery welcome. For the offertory the organist gave Gounod's "Nazareth" with fine taste, rouBing m the mind many souvenirs of the cimposer of "FtuBt." We bethiDk us that the Philharmonic is about to give the rival "Fiust" of that greater French composer Berlioz, ABCHDEACON L INGLKY was the preacher at St. Paul's Melbourne Cithedral on Sunday morning. There was the usual timber yard of empty benches. Mr. Lingley read his sermon. We hive heard him preach in a far superior manner extempore. He seems to be cawed by the hard, Bteely congregation at the Cathedral and the whine of the ornate musical servic \ so little to his taste. Nevertheless hie theme waB vast. The Holy Ghost as deveicped in the Christian ! This is the kind of thing on which Mr. Lingley used to be eloquent and fiery when minister of St. Matthew's, Pranran. Sinners trembled under him. Saints felt that they must get more sanctificition. D Dubtless in a congenial atmosphere he still preaches as well. Now he seems a little inclined to take things easy as Archdeacon. We want Mr. Lingley to cast the slough and etch eut his grand old claymore at the Cathedral It is pleasing to hear that his son is doing great things at the Royal Park Church. CLERGYMEN are somewhat alarmed by the competition of church choirB, with a £'20 priz \ announced at the South Melbourne Town Hall. The rival quiristers, as an old Eiglish poet terms them, in the Anglican, Catholic, P/esbyterian, Weeleyan, Independent and Baptist temples, tabernacles and conventicles of North, South, East and West Melbourne and all suburbB, likewise of Billarat, Geelong, B indigo and elsewhere, are brushing up and debating whether to go in. The parson sayB no invariably, but will doubtless be overridden in a number of instances. If sacred muBic is picked it will be a degradation, but probably the themes will only be secular. In that case the performers will not be properly choirs, although the name has been chosen to givd a smack of attractive impropriety. We have heard a heap of choirs in the last twelvemonth, all the best ones. St, Paul's will hardly enter, or there muBt be a walkover. But the promoters will be too cunning to exclude ladies. ON Sunday afternoon at the Convent of the Good Shepherd, Abbotsford, Archbishop Carr received, seven young ladies as novices. They came from almost all quarters of Australasia, two being from New Zealand and two from Kyneton Sisters, but Melbourne City did not yield any. The Convent Church has been finely redecorated by Signor Cavallaro, the mural artist of the Church of the Sacred Heart, Carlton. The nuns of the Good Shepherd now number one hundred and eighty seven in Melbourne and suburbs, there being over one hundred at Abbotsford. This large development is accumulated from four, who founded the convent in 1863\. Archbishop Carr has just laid the foundation stone of the new convent buildings, which will be massive and imposing and which are to be rapidly prosecuted. When one reflects over what the Archbishop has effected during the terrible seven years de kine which followed the Boom burst, we wonder at what he is going to with three more years of the Fat Kine, which have just commenced. The West Melbourne and XXXXXXX churches are only an instalment. A BLACK biBhop of the Aoglicin churcb* cmBecrated at Limbeth, The Eight 1 Johnson, assistant bishop of Western Africa, is a Sierra L reEC'ied slaves from the Yjrabi country, will be Benin. Durham UaivjKitjhasi honorary M, A. REVESTING to Arcbhishop Cirr'i) mwledp. Qieen's College, Melbourne UoivasM informed that the mutter was debited opt®J at the Wesleyan Conference. Thesehusbrff are alwayB mtechtevouB. The Press shonldl every time. Gnbfed reports get out, Ml union iBBO much talked about, Methodic 1 brewing. This is ou the point of Dw there is no mistake about it that the eira theology taught at Queea's College givnj ofiei.ee to the conservative soW «f Therefore theyv- ill not give financialMj College, and it ;s in low water. 