TOM 0SSINGTOU'S GHOST. (By BICHAID MARSH). CHAPTE'R VII.--(Continued.) ,Well-- pardon mie-but--really. you are so \rarm, Miss Itrodie. If tbhis gen tteinaln -tuiai to allow mie to study tills interesting dlocument. I mnight'." .Soaerhiecre in this house, the denad "n:n, 'Torl Ossington. concealed his fortune alI that he tadl worth having. It is us clcar as if 1 saw the naetul hidinig place." *"31 gracious goodines.s? Is it?" '"It is within a. few feet of whelre wcre stiinding. At ihis momnent we'rL 'lot:" I k:now-I feel it!" "1-isten to that now! MoIadge, yon niiist have seeond sight." ''hat e, scriap of p:Iper contains, as Mr. Graham piuts it, thlie key of the rididle. -It's a minute dtscrilption of the precise whereabouts of Ite dead mnin's hiding: 1'plce. All we lhave to do is to find out Whullli t llllns, andll if \r are not all iriiots, ithat shouldn't be -hard. Whyi .you've cly g?it to se? he house; you've only to look l:about \ou. aind use your eyes, 1o Perceive thati it's honeycollad witlh 'ossible hiffiing llaes--juslt tlhe sort rf crevices and crannie which ,oal(l colmic-mtn ftlhsel?neles to such al: lnu ;is ths TOlm Ossing-ton. Look at this very ronom, for instance; iits wain c:,otled. ' Thalt means, probably, Ilhatn bIetweeni the cluter wtll and the wain sot thiren s ain open spate-iandit who kno..s what besitde? Listen!" She struck thle wrinlscot in qutstioi witht hier oln n.uihn. "You can hear it hIly a hollow hacking. . \Why"-she touched it again more gently, then stopped, ns if puzzlred-"iwhy, tihe wood-work tmoves." Shie gave a little cry, "Ella." "litadge?" They cname crowding round her, with -ager fuir-es. CIIAl'TRli IX. TIIE lHING \VnHCH WAS HIDDEN. She had placed hbr hand against a ]pcrtion ot the waintceotting which wazs about level with her breast. As, in her cxciternielt, she had uinconsciously pressed it upwards, the panel had cer tainly moved. 13'etwcen it and the wood helow there was a cavity of per haps a quarter of an inch. "l'Push it! Push it higher!" This was Jack. Apparently that was just \what Madge was endeavouring to d., in veil. "It won't move. It's stuck--or something." Mr. (;raham advanced. "Allow me, perhaps 1 may manage." Site cedec-d to hitm her position. He placed his liuge liand wlihere her smal ler one had been. lHe endeavoured his utmost to induce the panel to make a further movement. * "Put your fingers into the opening." suggested Jack, "and.lever it." Graham acted on the suggestion. without success. He examined thie : panel closely. "If it ever were , intended to go higher, the wood has either warped, or the groove in which it slides has be come choked with dust." Ella was peeping through the open ing. "There is something, inside-there is. I don't know what it is. but there is sonmcthing-- can see it. Oth, Mr. Gra ]nuam, can't you get it open wider!" "HIere, here! let's get the 'poker; we'll try fentle persuasioil." Jack, forcing the point of the poker into the .cavity, leant his weight upon the handle. There was a creaklag soulnd--and nothing else. '"George! it's stiff! I'm putting on ;a piressure of about ten tons." As he paused, preparatory to exert ing grealite force, Madge. brushing him aside, caught the poker from him. Sihe drove thie point against the wainscot with all lher strength--once, twioc. thrice. T'!. wotod was shivered inte ifragients. " "There! I think tihat's done the busintess.' So far as destroying the panel was concerned it certainly had. Only splin lers l emained. The wall behind was left almost entirely bare. They press ed forward to see whaft thie net of van dalism liend disclosed. lietweeni the wainscot and the party vwall there was a space.of two. or three i.,i:hes. t Amontg the colwvebs and the dus; there was plainly something s?cnthiitig which was itself so en c:rsted with a colling of dust as to make it difficult, without, closer inspec tion, to tell plainly what, it was. Ella prevented .lack from making a grab at it. "Let Madge take it-it's thers-she's the finder." Madge, Isnatching at it with eager fingers withdrew the something from its hidling-place. "Covered,"' exclaimred Jack, "with the dust of centuries!" "lt's covered." retturnled the more practical iMadge, "'at iuty rate with the dust of a year or two." She wiped it with a napkin which site :took fromi the sideboard drawer. "Why." cried Ellut, " it's nothing but .a sheet of paper." h .tack t-choed her words. "'That's all-blue foolscap-folded inl :ftIr." lidge unfohledl wu\hat. inideid seemed nothing but a sheet of paper. 'lIe others craled their necks to see what. it contained. In suite of them she managed to get. a private peep at the colttents, and then closed it hastily. "Gness what it is." she said. "'A draft on thle Ianlk of Elegance icr anmillion sierling." This was Jack. "I fne3c it is ?ome sort of legtal docu llent." * This was Grahlin. Ella declined to guess. "Don't be so tir;esnome, iMadge; tell us what it is?" "Mr. Graham is :right---it is a legal doennitnl. It's a will. tile will of T'hohias Ossington. At least I believe it is. if trou'll gire as- breathing: space I'll read it to you every word." She drew herself away front thetlm. When she was a little trelieved of their .too pressing importunities, site aun f.olded the paper slowly--with drama tic jipe'ssiveess. "List.n-to a. voice from the grave." ,She read to them the colnents of tLbe document, in 'a voice which was i. trifle hil'ky:- "I gisve.and boujuieath, abisolhtely, blits house, called Clover Cottage, which is! mzy house and all else -in tile world which at pntsent is, or. in. lime to comne, shatll become nmy property, to the per son who finds lny fortune, which is hidden in the house, whoever the finder lniy ciharec to be-. "'5 dts;re that the said finder shall be the s.ole heir Itr ll1 my worldly goods, anid shall be at liberty to nlake such tise of then as h'e or she may choose. "1 do this beCIuse I hlive no one else to whom to nlnve that of whicll I am prissesseld. "'I have neitlher kiith nor kin--nor friend. "My wife Ills left ime. my frileit hias betrayed ite; tiy child is dead. "I ail. a linely man. ".Mny my fortune birinig tlor' Ihappi niess to tile findter tlian it has ever boil'ghtg toS nle. "Godt grant it, "Thllis is my lanst will and testtinent. "(Signed) TIHOMAS OSSINGTON, "Oclober tllhf lwenty-seeondt1S92. "'lin ithe plr'esenlce of Ed\;arld lJohn 11urley. Soliceitorl's Clerk,. H:; Tercules litildings, liolbolrn. .Anld of L.ouista lroome, :: Aceii Cottages. litttersea (Mltidt-serva nt at present in the 1implos" of thit said 'lThomis Ossintg-ton)." ''The iceadillg rwas followedl by silence,. possibly the silencet of amazemtentt. Tile first oltserlvatioll caime froin Jacki: "ley ;eto-rge!" The niexl was Ella's. "Dear life!" For sonime reason, Mltdge's eyes were dimnl, anld diCri tone still slhaking. "Isn't it a voice from .thie griave?" She looktetd dowsn. biting hter lowver lip; theni up again. "1 think Mr. Graham, this ilmay be ilore in your lintle than oars," Slle hIlnded litn thie paper. lIe re:td it. Without comnnnent ihe passed it tSoJack, who reiad it with Ella leaingll over his shouilder. Hie placed it on the table, where thle3 atll four gathered round auld looked at it. Tile palperwas stained here and there is witlh spots of clamp. But these thad Ila no snsay blurred tile contents. T'le words were as clear and legible ais ol thie tdayi they were written. Tlhe ealigraphy ssas small and firm, and .a !ittle finlienlt, ut as ealsy to reul as co.pperplate: the handlwriting of a m1an lwho lisd takein his time, antid whto Ihad iteell COIsCiolsn that lie was ergageed on a weighty and at serious matter. 'The testator's signature was rather in cori trast with the bodyof tlhedocueunlttt. nd was bold andt strong. as if hle halid de sired ithat the witnesses should have no doubt about tile fact thatr it was his niamn ]tic swas aflixing. :Edward John Burley's attestation was iStn a crtllled legll htandl, expres sionless, lwhile Louisa troome's was large and straggling. the sign-mantial of aill neducealed womanl. Jack Martyn asked at, question, ad ilrcsseli to Grawhani. "Is it a will?-a valid one. 1 mean?" "Lookilig at it on the surface. I sh:otlt sa3 certainly-if the witnesses cnn le prodtlucedt to prove the signa tures. Indeed. given certlin circum stances, even that should niot be neces s;ary. The tuan expresses Iris wishes; their lmei:mig is perfectly plain: ihe gives reasons for them. No testattor need do more than that. \What mnay seenl the ecrcentric devising of his pro perty. is, in his position, eatsily account ed for. soin is certainly consistent with entire stlnity. Thous.nds of more ec centric documents have been held to be good in law. I have little doubt if the testator's signature can be piroved--that ithe will is as solnid as if it htltd been drlawn up by a, benoh of jutiges." Madge drew a long breatlth. Jack was joeliar, or meantt to be. "Think of that, now!" "Iut I. don't see," said ]lla. "that swe're uany forvwarder nosv, or that we're ally :e'arel to - Maildge's mysterious hoard. .'lThe will--if it is a will--says tilat the fortune is hidden in the house. bLt it doesn't give the faintest.notion where. We mtight pull the w-hole place to pieces and then inot find it." "Suppose the uwhole aiffair is a plrac tical jolie?" -lr. Grahrln cemtnented on Jack's ilt Shlnum iOll. A "'I have beeen tutrnitlg soteilthiing over it nl5 mind, aind 1 thlintk. Mtartyn, that I can bring cetrtain facts to bear upoun yo:r suppositioln wshieh will go Inr to slosv that it is tnlikely that there is mucht in the niature of t pIerie tical joke about the matter. I want to cali atteintion to Mliss Ii-oliefs copy of the tiaper whichithe burgllr left behind last tighlt--to the second line. Now observe." lie crossed the room., "'l'lle paper says 'igllt'--I have the door poitt on my right, close to tmy right arnm. 'The pltper says' straight across' \--1 walk stlligtht teross the. roomn, Miss trodie, have you a tape mea sllle " ,ltadge produceel one whlic'n she fer reted out of a wsork-basket w-hich was on a clain in a. eortier. "Th'le paper says 'thlree'--I nltesutre three feet frotm where Jam standingi. alollg tile waistcoat-youn see? It says 'four'-- mteasure four feet from the floor. .\s you ilercesive, tlhat mlealsurce tent brit;gs, us exactly to the panel be hinilld wiichl the will vwas hidtden. The paellr says 'ulp.' As JMiss tBrodits show ed, there call be no doubt. whatever thlt the panel svas mlneant to move up. Owingi th te efflux of time and to dis u:c, it had become januned. Does not all this suggest tlhat we have here ani esxplanationof paIrt of what was wvritten oni the burglar's paper?" "It ices, by Georger Graha:nn," cried Jack, "l alvays dtid know you lind a knackl of clarifying inullddles. Yotr Irtltal processes are as effective, in tlleir wasy, as :l hatndful of isinglass dtroppled into :l ctask of mltddy beer. La*rly I give you my word they are." aiirtyn was ignored. "If therefore, part of the paper is eanpble of sxplani ultio of such a striking kind. dtoes it not seem pro bable that tile rest of it also has a inmeanhalg-- meaning which does not partake of the nature of a practicl joke?" "The idea," declared IMadge, "of a practlical joke is utter nonsense. As you say. everythinlg points the other ?ay. It is as clear as anything can he ldt. while one part of tile paper is a ikey to the hidi.g-place of the will, the other is the ks. to tile hiding-place of thte foItunn." "Very well," -aid Jack. "Let's grant it. I .stand snubbedl. But pierhaps .ou'llt ell us Iwhat is the key to the key ?" "Thart's ianother question." "Very muel lanother question." "But it :eednt't be an insoluble one, if we rse unr wvits. The house isn't a 'lrges one: it isn't, as though it con taineid ta hundred rooms." Slr. Grtaham rhad been studlying the scrap of Ipaper. "Thls allusionl to eats and ilogs seems ; striking one. I notice that each word is repeatedt five times. Is there iany thing al'ut the house whtich gives you a. lint as to thie mieaing?" tadgee r plied to the question with anlother. "Is ticre anything in this room whitih gives- you a hint? Look around and smec." "I have bIeen looking roundt. land I confess there isn't. Nor do I think it likely that the fortune would bie hIiddei in the smine room whlich contained the v ill." " Very wt]]; then we'll all of us go over 1Iw hlose together. and we ll all of us Icok out for hints." -Mads led tihe way, and they went over the iiolise. It nwas a tiny one. Betind thie soli tary sitting-room nwas the tiitehen. Tihe kitlchen t-as an olt-fashidned. one, with brick floor, and bare brick walls cec(Ollrt t wrhite. In one corner si door lted into the pantry: in another was a dtoor into the scullery: there was no thiln- remarkable about either of these. Unsler the staircase wasa roonmy cup board. They examined it it thv some tlhoroughiness, by the aid ofl a Inamp. without diseovering anything out of the wayin. On the floor above were- tile btldroemns used by Ella and Madge, and ai smaller room in which tiheS storeil thelir lumbrer. The walls of these were lIapered from floor to ceiling. amud in Inone of, them did there seem to be anlr thing calculated to convey a hint as to the mieaninig of the cabalistic allusion. "It seems to me." observed Jack. twhen the work of explloration vwas com plettid. "that there's nothing about these lrenmisces breathing of either dogs or eats." "It is just possilte,'" said Grahamn. "tlhait they may tie in the grounds. For instance, several of them may be burietd there, anti the reference may ibe to one of their graves. "Thenl do you propose to dig up the whole of the back garden till you lighilt upon their hallowed bones?" Graham smIiled. "I propose to do nothing." Madtge struck in. "iBut I do; I mean to do a great deal. I'mn going to strip all the wainlscot off tilhe sitting-room wall, and all thile floor in upt as wCell. And I'm going to con tinue that pirocess till I reach the roof. I'ltm -isolutely- certain-absolutely cer tnin, mind you!--that that unhappy man's hIloalrdi is somewhere within the four t:ills of this house, and I give yon my" word that I mean to find it." "HTow aboutl the landlord?" asked Grahalm. "Wthat about his feelings? By the way, who is the landlord?" "We're tilhe landlord, Ella and I-or, at any rate, we very soon shall be." "ldut in tile meantime?" "I don't knowt anything about a landlord. We took thie house from Phrkier and Ie:nding. the house agents over iby thie station." "They twould probably be aicting for some pirincipll. Did they not tell you his namle?" "Tle3" told us nothing. We took the Ithuse from themn, and the supposition is that we're to pay tile rent to thelm." "If you will allow nme I'll take the will "tway withl me-if you will trust ine withl it--rndr obtain expert opilion as to its validity. wvill cal on dess.rs IParker aid Bealding. -iid ascer tinl. if possible, aon whose authlority they aire acting." "WYhen sill youi do this?" "The agents I will ll al upon to-mor row. iand will acqrninit you, by letter. with ithe result." "You will do nothing of the kind or., rather. I would prefer thalt tyou did not. i;oth EIlla anid I would prefer that you shoutld comie and tell us the result in erson-that is if you can spare the tillme." Mr. Graham bowed, expressing ae quiescence in the lady's wishes. And on thttr ildterstandiinn g the matter was left. \W'hen tihe two men had gone, Ella faced lMadge with sparkling eyes. ''"Suplose, 31adtge, there should be a f.,rtnlli ' idtI!el sonlewhere ir the house?" tMadlge was stcorinful. "Suplotse!--there's no supposition labout it. - It's na qertainty. I knowr tlhere is." • "A'nd supilose you should find it-it wouill l)e yours. \ihiat would you do withi it?" "What a quelstion! We shall find it ;ill four of us together. It will be share andt sharle alike." "-Vhat--.lr. Graham too?' itossibly the question was plut ma liciousl-. It plrovoked Miss BIrodie to wrath. "Mr. Gtiraim too?. Ella, w-hat can Vol lneantt. If it hadi't been for Mr. i;ratliani wve should i lve 'nmown no tring whatevervt about it. - 1 suppose that, iin strict equity, the whole of it would be his. \Whatever can you mean by say.ng 'i'.\\. (iratham too?' in such a tcne q s that!" "'.My deatr, I IlleIlnt no marm. ]lelly yonure ai trifle swarni-don't Teo think you are?"" "Warm! Il's enough to rilke "ly one i trifle warm to hear you talk like that.", Ella madte rr little face behind Miss I1 ;rodie' back. "Wel!, fortune or no fortune. I do lhope that no more burglars will come anth look for it again at night." "If they do," d'rbaired Madge, with a viciouisntess which presaged violenlce, "they'll not find us; unprepared. I shall slecp with tack's revolver at my bItedside, land, if you like you can have half my bed again.' :llai s manier wts minlch muore mild. "'T'hank you, my dear; hince you're so :o od- 1- think w ill." (To heceontinued.) 