M U L L O C E ! By " FOBSICKEB." WHERE ABB WE NOW? ye Parkside pessimists who sat on a rail and jeered at the farmer, who let go the handles of tbe plongh to take np the rifle the shoemaker who laid down his last the counter-jumper who put aside the yajd stick for the cleaning rod ; the pen driver who shelved the inkpot and took to the " pulltbrough" ; the baker who left tbe loaf for tbe cartridge ; tbe tailor who skipped off the board and Bcored off the bulls eye ; the whole boiling of the manly sort of bones and mnscJe who in their leisure honrs swelled the ranbB of tbe Defence force from the days of the old R.Y.F. down to the present time, when they are perpetuating the best advertise- ment England ever had in proving to the world that Her Colonies could come to the rescue in time of need, and fight with the steadiness, courage, and more than tbe intelligence of veterans. Ye are flattened out; flat, stale and unprofitable, empty, blown out bladders of blather-Bkiters. Where is the Grainger who said that we might BS well send a bag full of mosquitoes to South Africa? He is now probably the Borriest man that ever Bpoke foolishly. Where is Kruger? Where the Colonial and Canadian Contingents sent him, a humiliated broken fugitive at Delogoa Bay wanting to get away on " a six months holiday" out of a billet. It makes me laugh when I remember the ill spent sneers against" playing at soldiers" in the days when Generals Downes and Owen drilled and marched our men up bill and down dale " playing at soldiers 1!" great Kruger's ghost 1 playing at soldiers 1 why it WBB just the training that was fitting our men for the grim and glorious work they were destined to do to maintain the prestige of tbe British Lion and show the world that John Bull, without an effort, conld grip bands across the seas from zone to zone. Go and get the biggest branbag'and put your heads in it, ye narrow-minded scoffers. Tue fighting kangaroo is on the jump. CHABLIE KINGSTON is a political Son of Anak, and if he wonld only curb that habit be has for spoiling for a fight j that Hibernian propensity for wanting to tread on the tail of somebody's coat, be wonld be one of the most useful as he is is one of the most masterful men in Australia. It was one-sided betting on Charlie, he won bands down over the Central District Handicap. People thought that out of West Adelaide he had not a show, but the contrariness of the ejectors in bnlk prompted them to go for bim. Without expressing an opinion one way or the other on the politics of C C. K, I cannot help feeling that be will drive his furrow straight. Charlie 1 Charlie 1 bank your fires and go slow, yon have all before, and above all don't fight an editor on trivial subjects, it only lowers you in the estimation of your friends and the editor, mind you, haB always a quiver full of the shafts of ridicule in that inevitable footnote. Be member "Satire's my weapon, but I'm too discreet to run amuck and tilt at all I meet." You are a contradiction Charlie. You can handle the greatest political subjects with ease and skill as we all know, bnt we also know, alas I that yon can, on the smallest provo cation, rant and rave like a very fish-wife, you strain at a gnat and swallow a camel. Let bygones be bygones; let the dead past bury its deal, cremate it in fact, and blow the dust away. With many of the electors it was a case of—" How happy could I be with either, were t'other dear charmer away' ; Kingston or Parsons. WILLIAM, THE WAB CRANK ! a long-beaded young Kaiser and did not study under old Blood-and iron for no purpose. That WBB a keen idea of bis to insist upon the leaders of the Chinese massacres being delivered up. He has studied Chinese diplomacy, which iB another name for duplicity, with a shrewd understanding. He knows Li-Hung- Chang like a book. It is a common convenient dodge in tbe land of tbe Son of Heaven (save tbe mark !) to " find a substitution" as old John Stofel would It is expensive to waste high-class officials when they kick over the traces, because they may be useful again ; so gentle John Chinaman, childlike and bland, scouts round till he finds some poor devil not averse to swapping his head fos a mess of pottage. He gives him a jolly good time according to cbinkie's idea of a " spree," on condition that he will personate a personage under a clond, and oome np for when called upon. Cbinkie who is always a man of bis word, we'll say for him, comes op smiling (and innocent), off gou bia bead and poetic justice o v » is satisfied, while the real offender goes bis way into obscurity for a while and turns up "rinnin fir 1''- n 'it of lU.B.^.Ki. 1U16 oU.l oi li'lug lo liuL liti known in a milder form in civilised circles. How many a subordinate has had to dance on hot coals for the sins of hiB superior. SCRATCH A RUSSIAN and you will find a Tartar is a trite saying. The report of the Russians in China driving hundreds of men, women and children into a river and drowning the lot in their remorseless revenge may probably be true ; if it is the veneer on the Muscovite it is thin indeed ; be ought to have been a brother to a Boer. MICHAEL DAVITT, who went to tbe Transvaal full of tbe milk of human kindness and sympathy for the poor gentle-hearted, humane, unsophisticated Boer, and prepared like Mark Twain to sacrifice all his able-bodied kinsman, bis sisters, his cousins and his aunte, even bis mother-in-law, to the " canee,"' is reported to have returned disillusionised. No longer is the Boer a clean, white-souled angel without wings fit to sit on a rosy cloud and play salvation hymns on a tin whistle. Later intelligence, however, is to the effect that Michael has been the bott of a parson. Now who are we to believe ? SCRAPS. There is a plentitude of Ho's in the Chinese way of the seat of war. San-Ho, Sha-Ho, Hiang-Ho, Run-Ho Sing Ho, Sia-sho Ho, Kien Ho, Yin Ho, Tao-Ho, Lung- Ho, Pang-Ho, Ho-Si, Kai-tse-Ho, Pei Ho, and Ha (for variety). We shall probably make them all sing Ho 1 before we have done with them. THE BOYAL ARTHUR, first-class cruiser, made a first class mistake when she arrived on Saturday at Largs Bay from Sydney. Three barques were at ancbor and two of them neglected to dip their ensign, so tbe man-of-war sent to one of them and obtained an apology. That was all right; but when an American barque came up on Sunday afternoon and saluted the Admiral's ship by dipping her ensign twice, those on board were too much occupied in showing visitors round to notice the courtesy. What is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander. Believe me when I tell you that thrift of time will repay you in after life with a usury of profit beyond your most sanguine dreams, and that waBte of it will make yon dwindle alike in intellectual and moral stature beyond your darkest reckoning.— W. E. Gladstone. 