IN A LICHTER VEIN. When pasisngar coaches burn up they all become smoking cars. Tha ghoBt that haunts an hotel may are!/ be called an inn-Bpectre. ieacher : ' Name tbe largest kuown dia Ettond.' Johnny: '? The ace.n 1 It ?s only natural that long nractice at golf should a man links eyed. A dael is the qaickeBt kind of encounter, because it only take* two seconds. 4' I mike light of his remarks,' as the editor laid when he burnt the poets'a lo'rinet. 11 The perfornl&nce; I give is bound to bring down the house, ' niattered the earth quake. ' Tommy, who was Jean of Arc?' askffd : the teacher. ' Noah'e wifa,' was Tommy's I He : ' There's not a decent chap in th? whole club.' She: 'Is that why you joined, dear 1n Dolly : ' The Bun's scorching my cheeks dre&df; ally.'1 Marie: 41 1 thought I amelt burning paint. '' He : ' It makes me a better man every time I kiBS you, darling. ' She: 'Oh, Harold, how good you must be !' What is the difference between a clock and a man ?— When a clock strikeB it is working, but when a man ' BtrikeB' he is not The poet who declared that earth had nothing softer than a woman's heart evi d iut:y did not know much about some men'd heads. 44 Ah, poor JenkiQBon never knew what a jewel of a wife he had until ? ' ' Until he J03t her ?' No, uutil he married again.' JackHon : 41 Is it true that Johnson h»m an addition to hiB family V' SmithBon : 11 Wei], he calla it a multiplication— triplets, you know.' ' I hardly know,' says a cynic, 41 whether it be better for a man to remain single and disippoint several women for a time, or to marry and disappoint one woman for life,' Young Husband : 41 Didn't I telegraph to you not to bring your mother with you t' Young wife: 'I know. That's what she wants to see you about. She read the tele gram.' Mr Briggs : 41 I shall buy you no new hat. You're vain enough already.' Mrs Briggs : 44 I vain 1 I am not, I'm sure I dcra'c think myBelf half as good-looking as I am,' ' ies simply impossible for me to find bread for my family ' said the loafer. ' That's my experience,' answered the un sentimental individual appealed to. 14 I have to work for it.' ' Dickie, what did your mammR Bay when she saw us coming along tha walk ?' asked his papa's friend. 11 She said, 4 WelL well, who on earth has vour father nictp.a np now V ' 11 1 think I'll have a rum omelette, waiter,1' said one of two men who had entered a West End restaurant late onB evening. ' Bring me the same,' said the other — ' without eggB Keeper (with 'suppressed excitement and evident relief to Fitznoodle) : 41 That's a fine shot, sir.' Fitznoodle : 'How bo ? I didn't hit anything 1' 'That's joat it, eir. An' th' dawg right in range, tool' Painter : 41 How do you likE the picture 7' Critic (sardonically) : 'H'm; it might be worse.' PaiHter (offended): 44 Sir, I hope you will withdraw that statement.'' Critic : 'All right, then. It couldn't be worse.' Lady Visitor : ' Would you not give the biggest half of your candy to your little Bifltar?' Little Ralph Waldo: 41 1 would not.3' Lady Visitor : ' Why not V Little Ralph Waldo : 'Because two halves of the eame whole are equal.'1 Peacemaker : 41 I wouldn't fight, my good men.' First Combatant : ?' He called me a thief, Bir,' Second Combatant : ' And he called me a loafer.' Peacemaker : 44 Well, I wouldn't fight over a difference «f opinion ; you both may be right,' The other day two boys were standing watching pigeons flying, when the follow ing was overheard : FirBt Boy : 44 Why is it that pigeons, when they ara flying, gt) round in a circle more than once ? Second Boy : 41 It 'b because one good turn deserves another.' Lady (tp blind beggar) : 'I see the comic papers say you fellows are impostorH.' Blind Beggar : 'Lady, y»r cever want ter believe nothin1 yer aec ia them comic papers — I don't, An' u fer them comio pictnr-jokes, they pimply make me tired.' 