THE GHOST OF TARRAM. The old chap was great at yarns, nnd had au endless supply always on hand. But If ono subject more than another claimed Ills attention it was ghosts. Therein was liis- forta Ho told us many, somo highly amusing in thoir origin, and others very oiooa -curdling. And with somo thousands of trees and acres of scrub stretching on both Bides of a bush road, lit only by tho camp fire's friendly light and tlio howl of dingoes in tho distanco, tho hoot of the owl, and tho ovuuw ot win oppossum ovcrnean, ic was nono too much of a sloep tonic. I only givo tho outline of tho old man's talo. About six yoara ago, lads, I was work ing for a very superstitious old Irish farmer not many miles from Sydnoy. Ho was much bettor naturod and more thoughtful than tho general run of his raco. Farmers, you know, as a rule, ore not over particular as to tlio quarters they provide for thoir mon, and look upon us, swaggics, us not of as much conso- quonce as a worn-out homo. It was a long stone room, well plastered insido, whore wo lived. A chimney stood at ono ond, in which at night a good fire was kopt burning, for it was winter. On ono sido of the fire T slept, tho waggon- driver on tlio othor, whilo the boy who milked tho cows and did odd jobs ocoupiod tho farther cornor. Outside near the chimney, and spreading over tho roof, was a giant pino and a number of tall blue gums. Tho trees at the othor ond of tho hut were much tho same in growth and kind, only tho gums grow near and tho pines stood bohind. Every night, at a quarter to ton, our light mnst bo out, nnd regularly every night a knock came on tho roof a fow minutes afterwards. This went on for a few nights, not noticed at first, though, as it continued, wo grew suspicious. All sorts of balos wore afloat about tho old farm-house, for a man drowned him self in the great dam, not twenty yards away, two yoara before. 'Thoro it is again, Bill,' said tho boy, as it'soundod for tho fourth timo. Up I jumped and rushed outsida. Nothing could I see or hear but tho flash of lighting and tho sighing of tho wind, and tho dismal roll of distant thunder. Night after night wo kept our light !itirnin<r frt f.rv nnrl Anil Khn nnttaA nf thn knocking. Bat after hours of patient vigil sr< wore as far from discovering tho truth as ever. About a mtlo from tbo farm were a few houses of our neighbours, and two or three times a week I took an evening stroll for a friendly game of cards. Ono night I returned home ahout five minutes to ten, and as l passed through tho little trellis gate at the end of a kind of hawthorn grovo, I observed a light in the boss's library. At tne aesK no sat Bushy writing, l had been him there before dozens of times, for ho always kept pretty late hours. I had only turnod in, whon a knock camo to the door. 4 Oomo in,' I said. Tho boss entered, carrying a breech- loodina sun. 4 Did any of you chaps pass my window a little whilo ago l4 ho asked excitedly. 4 1 came in about fifteen minutes ago,' I answorod, ' and I saw you as I came through tlio grove.' ' About five minutes ago,' he went on, 4 1 was writing a letter when a handful of gravel was thrown against tho window, T hiiprtml nnutjiirn frn ctaK mv mm nnrl then thoro was a crash I I'm going round tbo garden,' ho added, 4 and if I soe the , shadow of a man I'll shoot. If I do, \- mind you follows como.' About ten minutes afterwards he re- I turned from liis unsuccessful search. I Th'n fchfi rlarlrrwfc fchinrr T Irnnur nf ' hn said, as ho took his leave, 4 thoro is no glass broko at all.4 A weak after this I was returning homo from my evening game of cards as usual, when, ns I entered the grovo, tlio light was extinguished. As I stoppod on the hut verandah tho knock canto as usual. 4 1 sprang quickly back, and, gazing buwania uiu igui, ouw u iuwu upuanuui staring back at mo. It was a clear moon light night, and I saw it quite distinctly. That waa tho whole cause of tho myster ious knock. 4 Every night, as soon as we put our light out, he dropped from the pine in whicli he had bis nest on to tho roof, in order to gain the gums at tho far end of tho hut. And that is tho whulo mystery of Tarram's ghost- So you see, lads, how a littlo cause will make a groat commotion, and what a siinplo thing it in to explain it all when you know now. 4 But tho noise at tlio boss1 window 1' I asked. 4 Hallucinations, tho doctor said, raused by an ovorworkod brain.' But the old ohap would not boliove it, and at last ho went mad, and died in Sydney Lunatie Asylum. And onco more i was on too tracic. In 1897 the the gold yiold of Klondyka wns valued at £500,000 ; in 1898 it was £2,000,000; in 1899 it hod rison to £3,200,000. Tho various portions of the different crooks are ostimatod to yield gold valued at about £19,000,000. It is proposed to utilize tho cinemato graph for representing machinery in motion. It is oxpoctcd that in this way it will become a valuable auxitiary to trade in machinery, as buyers will bo ablo to judgo of tho working of a machino from tho matoscope without seing tho thing itself. 