Three Men of Badajoz. By 'Q.' (A. T. Quiller-Couch), Author of 'Dead Man's Rock,' 'Noughts and Crosses,' 'The Delectable Duchy,' 'The Splendid Spur,' &c.; CHAPTER I. You enter the village of Gantick between two round-houses set one on each side of the high-road, where it dips steeply toward the valley bottom. On the west of the op posite hill the road passes out between an other pair of round- houses. And down in the heart of the village among the elms facing the churchyard lichgate stands a fifth alone. The five therefore form an elongated St. Andrew's cross, but nobody can tell for cer tain who set them there or why. They are all alike; each built of cob, circular, whitewashed, having pointed windows and a conical roof of thatch with a wooden cross on the .apex. When I was a boy these thatched roofs used to be pointed out to me as masterpieces, and they still en dure. But the race of skilled thatchers— once the peculiar pride of Gantick—has come to an end. What time has eaten modern and clumsy hands have tried to repair; yet a glance will tell you that the old sound work means to outwear the patches yet. The last of these famous thatchers lived in the roundhouse on your right as you leave Gantick by the seaward road. His name was Old Nat Ellery, or Thatcher El lery, and his age (as I remember him) between seventy and eighty. Yet he clung to his work, being one of those lean men upon whom age, exposure, and even drink take a long while to tell. For he drank, not socially at the Ring of Bells but at home in solitude with a black bottle at his elbow. He lived there alone; his neigh bors, even of the round- house across the Road, shunned him and were shunned by him; children would run rather than meet him on the road as he came along, striding swiftly for his age (the drink never affect ed his legs), ready greaved and sometimes gauntleted as if in haste for his job, always muttering to himself; and when he passed us with just a side glance from his red eyes we observed that his pale face did not cease to twitch nor his lips to work. We felt something like awe for the courage of Archie Passmore, who followed twenty paces behind him with his tools and a bundle of spars or straw-rope, or perhaps at the end of a ladder, which the two carried between them. Archie (aged sixteen) used to boast to us that he did not fear the old man a ha'penny; and the old man treated Archie as a Gibeonite, a hewer of wood, a drawer of water; never as an apprentice. Of his craft, except what he picked up by watch ing, the lad learned nothing. What made the man so vaguely terrible to us was the common rumor in the vil lage that Thatcher Ellery had served once under his Majesty's colors, but had desert ed and was still liable to be taken and shot for it. Now this was true, and every one knew it, though why and how he had deserted were questions answered among us only by dark and frightful guesses. He had outlived all risk of the law's revenge; no one, it was certain, would take the trouble to seize and execute justice upon a drunkard of seventy. But we children never thought of this: and for us, as we watched him down the road, there was always the thrilling chance that over the hedge or around the next corner would pop up a squad of redcoats. Some of us had even seen it, in dreams. This is the story of Thatcher Ellery as it was told to me after his death, which happened one night a few weeks before I came home from school on my first summer holidays. His father in the earlv years of the cen tury had kept the mill up at Trethake Water, two miles above Gantick. There were two sons of whom Reub, the elder, succeeded to the mill. Nat had been ap- prenticed to the thatching. Accident of birth assigned to the two these different walks of life, but by taking thought their parents could not have chosen more wisely, for Nat was born clever, with an ambition to cut a figure in men's eyes, and just that sense of finish and the need of it which makes the good workman. Whereas his brother went the daily round at home as contentedly as a horse at a cider-press. But Nat made the mistake of lodging un der his father's roof, and his mother made the worse mistake of liking her first-born the better and openly showing it. Nat, jealous and sensitive by nature, came to imagine the whole world against him, and Reub, who had no vice beyond a large, thick-witted selfishness, seemed to make a habit of treading on his corns. At length came the explosion - a sudden, furious as sault, which sent Reub souse into the pa ternal mill-leat. The mother cursed Nat forth from the door, and no doubt said a great deal more than she meant. The boy— he was just 17 — carried his box down to the Ring of Bells. Next morning as he sat viciously driving spars, astride on a rick ridge whence he could see far over the channel, there came into sight round the Dodman a ship-of-war running before the strong east erly breeze with piled canvas, white stun sails bellying, and a fine froth of white water running off her bluff bows. Another ship followed, and another— at length a squadron of six. Nat watched them from time to time until they trimmed sails and stood in for Falmouth. Then he climbed down from the rick and put on his coat. Two years later he landed at Portsmouth, heartily sick of the sea and all belonging to it. He drank himself silly that night and for ten nights following, and one morning found himself in the streets without a penny. Portsmouth, just then (July. 1808) was filled with troops embarking under Sir John Moore for Portugal. One regiment especially took Nat's eye— the Fourth or King's Own— and indeed the whole service contained no finer body of men. He sidled up to a sergeant and gave a false name. Varcoe had been his mother's maiden name and it came handy. The sergeant took him to a recruiting sergeant and handed him over with a wink. The recruiting sergeant asked a few convenient questions, and with in the hour Nat was a soldier of King George. To his disgust, however they did not embark him for Portugal, but marched him up the length of England to Lancaster, to learn his drill with the Second Battalion. Seventeen months later they marched him back through the length of England-out- wardly a made Soldier - and shipped him on a transport for Gibraltar. In the mean while he had found two friends—the only two real ones he ever found in his life. They were Dave McInnes and Teddy But son, privates of the 4th Regiment of Foot, 2nd Battalion, C Company. Dave Mc Innes came from somewhere to the west of Perth, and drank like a fish when he had the chance; Teddy Butson came from the Lord knew where, with a tongue that wagged, albout everything except his own past. It did indeed wag about that, but told nothing but lies, which were under-, stood and accepted for lies, and, by con- sequence, didn't count. These two had christened Nat Ellery "Spuds". He had no secret from them but one. He was the cleverest of the three, and they admired him for it. He admired them in return for possessing something he lacked. It seemed to him the most im portant, almost the only important, thing in the world. For (this was his secret) he believed him self to be a coward. He was not really a coward, though he carried about in his heart the liveliest fear of death and wounds. He was always asking himself how he would behave under fire; and somehow he found the odds heavy against his behaving well. He put roundabout questions to Dave and Teddy with the aim of discovering what they felt about it. They answered in a careless, matter-of-fact way, as men to whom it had never occurred to have any doubt about themselves. And then Nat was desperately afraid they might guess his rea son for asking. Just here, when their friendship might have been helpful, it failed altogether. He felt angry with them for not understanding, while he prayed that they might not understand. He took to observing other men in the regiment, and found them equally cheerful, concerned only with the moment. He became secretly re ligious after a fashion. He felt that he was the one and only coward in the King's Own and prayed and planned his be haviour day and night to avoid being found out. In this state of mind he landed at Gibral tar. When the order came for the Fourth to move up to the front he cheered with the rest, watching their faces. CHAPTER II. At ten o'clock on the night of April 6, 1812, our troops were to assault Badajoz, It was now a few minutes past nine. The night had closed in without rain, but cloudy and thick with river fog. The moon would not rise for another hour or more. After the day's furious bombard ment silence had fallen on besieged and besiegers, but now and then a light flitted upon the ramparts, and at intervals the British gathered in the trenches could hear the call of a sentinel proclaiming that all was well in Badajoz. In the trenches a low, continuous mur mur mingled with the voices of running water. On the right by the Guadiana waited Picton's Third Division, breathing hard as the time drew nearer. Kempt commanded these for the moment. Picton was in camp attending to a hurt, but his men knew that before ten o'clock he would arrive to lead across the Rivillas by the narrow bridge and up to the walls of the castle frowning over the river at the city's north-east corner. In the centre and over against the wall to the left of the castle were assembled Colville's and Barnard's men of the Fourth and Light Divisions. Theirs, according to the general's plan was to be the main busi ness to-night, to carry the breaches ham mered in the Trinidad and Santa Maria bastions and the curtain between; the Fourth told off for the Trinidad and the curtain, the Light Bobs for the Santa Maria — heroes these of Moore's famous rearguard, tried men of the Fifty-second Foot and the Ninety-fifth Rifles, with the Forty-third beside them, and destined to pay the heaviest price of all to-night for the glory of such comradeship. But in deed Ciudad Rodrigo had given the Forty third a title to stand among the best. And far away to the left on the lower slopes of the hills Lejgh's Fifth Division was halted in deep columns. A knoll se parated his two brigades, and across the interval of darkness they could hear each other's movements. They were to operate independently, and concerning the task be fore the brigade on the right there could be no doubt; a dash across the gorge at their feet and an assault upon the outly ing Pardaleras on the opposite slope. But the business before Walker's brigade on the left was by no means so simple. The storm ing party had been marching light, with two companies of Portuguese to carry their ladders, and stood discussing prospects, for as yet they were well out of earshot of the walls, and the moment for strict silence had not arrived. 'The Vincentv,' grumbled Teddy But son; and be shot to me if I even know what it's like. 'Like Mclnnes's jaws shut on the word like a steel trap. 'The scarp's thirty feet high and the ditch accordin'. The last on the west side it will be, over by the river. I know it like your face, and it's uglier, if that's possible. 'Dick Webster was saying it's mined,' put in Nat, commanding a firm voice. 'Eh, the glacis? I shouldn't wonder. Walker will know.' 'But what'll he do?' 'Well, now'— Dave seemed to be con sidering— 'It will not be for the likes of me to be telling the brigadier-general. But if Walker comes to me and- says, 'Dave, there's a mine hereabouts. What will I be doing?' it's like enough I shall say, 'Your honor knows best, ' but the usual course is to walk round it.' ' Teddy Butson chuckled and rubbed the back of his axe approvingly. Nat held his tongue for a minute almost and then broke out irritably - 'To hell with this waiting!' His nerves were raw. Two minutes later a man on his right kicked awkwardly against his foot. It startled him, and he cursed furiously. 'Hold hard; Spuds, my boy,?' said the man cheerfully, you ain't Lord Wellington nor his next-of-kin, to be makin' all the noise.' Teddy Butson wagged his head solemnly at a light which showed foggily for a mo ment on the distant ramparts. ' 'All right,' said he, 'you - town! Little you know it's Teddy's birthday.' 'There will be wine,' said Dave dreamily. 'Lashins of it; wine and other things. I wonder how our boys are feeling on the right. What's that?', as a light shot up over the ridge to the eastward. 'Wish I could see what's doing over there. My be lief, we're only put up for a feint.' 'Oh, hush it, you Royal mill-clappers!' This came from the darkness behind; from some man of the Thirtieth, no doubt. The voice was tense, with a note of ner vousness in it which Nat recognised at once. He turned with a sudden desire to see the speaker's face. Here was one who felt as he did, one who could under stand him; (but his eyes sought in vain among the lines of glimmering black shakos. 'Silence in the ranks! '? Two officers came forward, talking together and paus ing to watch' the curious light now rising and sinking again in the sky over the eastern ridges. 'They must have caught sight of our fellows - listen! Wasn't that a cheer? What: time is it?'' The offi cer was Captain Hopkins, commanding Nat's company, but now in charge of the stormers. A voice hailed him, and he ran bank. 'Yes,sir: I think so decidedly,' Nat heard him sying and ,he came run- ning, clutching his scabbard. 'Silence, men! The brigade will advance.' ' HQxe PprtueueBe packed up and flhoul dered their kddeni.itoe orders were given, and tha columns bmn'toVtnove AMSk tiha slope. ?: -For a ,w%ile they could hear IJbe tramp. of the other brigade moving paral lel with them on tihe other side of the knoll; clearly at first, then fainter and fainter as it wheeled aside and down the gorge to. the right. At 'the foot of the slope they opened a view up the gorge, lighted for a moment by a flare burning on tihe ramparts of the Pardeleras, and saw their comrades moving down and across the bottom like a stream of red lava pour ing toward the foot. The flare died down,, and our brigade struck away: to t)he left over the level country. On this side Bada joz remained- dark and silent. They were marching quickly yet the pace did not satisfy Nat. He wanted to Ibe through' witih it,' to come face- to face with the worst and know it. And yet he feared it. abominably. For two years he had contrived to hide his secret. He had marched, counter-marched, fed, slept, and fought with his comrades; had dodged with them behind cover, loaded, fired, charged with them: had behaved outwardly like a decent soldier, but almost always with a sickening void in the pit of his stomach. 'Once or twice in particularly bad moments 'he had caught himself blub bering, and With a deadly shame. He had not an idea that at least a dozen of his comrades-^-among them Dave and Teddy — ?had seen it and thought nothing of it; still less o'ad he imagine that those had been his most courageous moments. . Soldiers fight differently. Teddy Butson, for in stance, talked ail the time until his tongue swelled, and then he barked like a dog: Dave shut his teeth and groaned. But tihese symptoms escaped Nat, whose habit was to think all tihe while of himself.' _ Of one thing he felt sure, that he had never yet been anything but glad to hear the recall sounded. Well, so far he had eBcaped. Heaven knew iow he had managed it; he only knew that the last two years had been as long as fifty, and the seemed to have been living since the beginning of : tie world. But here he was, and actually keeping -step with a storming party. He kept has eyes on Dave's long, lean back immediately in front and trudged on, divided between an insane desire to know of what Dave was thinking and an equally insane wonder what Dave's body might be worith to him as cover. What was the silly word capering in his head? 'Mill-clappers.' Why on earth ^Mil-clappers?' It put him in mind of 'home; but he had no eilly tender thoughts ..to waste on home or the folks there. He had never written to them. If they should ^happen on a copy of the 'Gazette'— and me chances were a hundred to one against i^-the name of Nathaniel Varcoe among ?the killed or wounded would mean nothing ?to them. He tramped on, chewing his fancy, and extricated this from it — 'A man with never a friend at home hasn't even an excuse to be a coward, curse it!' Suddenly the column halted in a bank of fog, through, which his ear caught the lazy ripple of water. He woke up with a start. The fog was all about them. 'What's this?' he demanded aloud; then with a catch of his breath — ''Mines!' 'Eh, be quiet,' said Teddy Butson at his elbow; listen to yonder. And the word was hardly out when an explosion split the sky and was followed by peal after peal of musketry. Nat had a swift vision of a high black wall against a back ground of flame, and then night came down as you might close a shutter. But the musketry continued. 'That 'will be at the breaches.' Dave flung the words over his left shoulder. Then followed another flash and another explosion. This time however, the light, thought less vivid than the first flash, did not vanish. While he wondered at this Nat saw first of all the rim of the moon through the slant of an embrasure, and then Teddy's pale but cheerful face. The head of the column had been halted a few yards only from the breast-work, with a stockade above it and a chevaux-de- frise on top of all. As far as knowledge of his whereabouts went Nat might have been east, west, north or south of Badajoz, or somewhere in another planet. But the past two years had somehow taught him to divine that behind this ugly obstruction lay a covered way with a guard-house. And sure enough the men, keeping dead silence now, could hear the French soldiers chat tering in that unseen guard-house and laughing. 'Now's our time' — Nat heard the word passed back by the young engineer officer who had crept forward to reconnoitre; and then an order given in Portuguese. 'Ay, bring up the ladders, you greasers, and let's put it through!'— this from Teddy Butson, chafing by Nat's side. The two Portuguese companies came for ward with the ladders as the storming party moved up to the gateway. And just at that moment there the sentry let off his alarm-shot. It set all within the San Vin cente bastion moving and whirring like the works of a mechanical toy; feet came run ning along the covered way; muskets clink ed on the stone parapet; tongues of fire spat forth from the embrasures; and then, as the musketry quickened, a flash and a roar lifted the glacis away behind, to the right of our column, so near that the wind of it drove our men sidewise. 'All right, Johnny,' Dave grunted, re covering himself as the clods of earth began to fall. 'Blaze away, my silly ducks; we're not there!' But the Portuguese companies, as the mine exploded, cast down the ladders and ran. Half a dozen came, charging back along the column's right flank, and our sol diers cursed and struck at them as they fled. But the curses were as nothing be side those of the Portuguese officers striv ing to rally their men. 'My word,' said Teddy. 'Hear them scandalous. greasers. It's poor talk is Eng lish.' 'On with you, lads! ' it was Walker himself -who shouted. 'Pick up the ladders and on with you!' They hardly waited for the word, but, shouldering the ladders, ran forward through the dropping bullets to the gate, cheering and cheered by the rear ranks. But they flung themselves in vain on the gate. On its iron-bound and iron-studded framework their axes made no impression. A dozen men charged it, using a ladder as a battering ram. ' Aisy with that, ye blind ijjits!' yelled an Irish sergeant. 'Ye'll be needin' them ladders prisintly!' Our three privates found themselves in the crowd surging towards the breastwork; to the right of the gate. 'Nip on my shoulders, Teddy, lad,' grunted McInnes, and Teddy nipped up and began hacking at the chevaux-de-frise with his axe. That's av ut, bhoys,' yelled the Irish sergeant again. 'Lave them spoikes an' go for the stockade.' Good for you, little man -whirroo!' Nat by this time was on a comrade's back and using his axe for dear life— one of twenty men hacking, ripping, tearing down the wooden stakes. But it was Teddy who wriggled through first, with Dave at his heels. The man beneath Nat gave a heave with his shoulders and shot him through his gap, a splinter tearing his cheek open. He fell head foremost sprawl -ing down the slippery slope of the ditch. While he picked himself up and stretched out a hand to recover his axe a bullet struck the blade of it— ping! He caught up the axe and ran his finger over it stupidly. Phat!— another bullet spat into the soft earth behind his shoulder. Then he understood. A fellow came tumbling through the gap and pitched exactly where he had been sprawling a moment before, rose to his knees, and then, with a quiet bubbling sound, lay down again. 'Ugh! he would be killed— he must get out of this!' But there was no cover, unless he found it across the ditch and close under the high stone curtain. They would be dropping stones, beams, fire-barrels; but at least he would be out of the reach of the bullets. Oddly enough, he forgot the chance— the certainty— of an enfilid ing fire from the two bastions. His one desire was to get across and pick some place of shelter. But by this time the men were pouring in behind and fast filling the ditch. A fire-ball came crashing over the rampart, rolled down the grass slope, and lay splut tering; and in the infernal glare he saw all his comrades' faces, every detail of their dress down to the moulded pattern of their buttons. 'Fourth! Fourth!' someone shouted, and then voice and vision were caught up and drowned together in a hell of musketry. He must win across, and be carried he knew not where by the brute pressure of the crowd. A cry broke from him, and he ran, waving his axe, plunged down 'the slope and across. On the fur ther slope an officer caught him up and scrambled beside him. Whirro, Spuds, After him, boys,' sang out Teddy Butson; but Spuds did not hear. He and the officers were at the top of the turf, at the foot of the curtain. 'Lad- ders! ladders!.' He caught hold of the first as it was pushed up and helped, now the centre of a small crowd, to plant it against the wall. Then he fell back, mop ping his forehead and feeling his torn cheek. What the devil were they groan ing at? Short? The ladders too short? He stared up foolishly. The wall was thirty feet high, perhaps, and the ladder ten feet short of that or more! 'Heads!' A heavy beam crashed down, snapping the foot of the ladder like a cabbage stump. Away to the left a group of men were plant ing another. Half a dozen dropped while he watched them. Why in the world were they dropping like that? He stared beyond and saw the reason. The French marks men in the bastion were sweeping the face of the curtain with their cross fire — those cursed bullets again! And the ladder did not reach after all. 'Oh, it was foolish ness—flinging away men likethis for no earthly good. Why not throw up the busi ness and go home? Why didn't somebody stop those silly bugles sounding the Ad vance? There they went again. It was enough to drive a man mad!' He turned and ran down the slope a short way. For the moment he held a grip on himself, but it was slackening, and in an other half-minute he would have lost it and run in mere blind horror. But in the first group he blundered upon were Dave and Teddy and a score of the King's Own, with a couple of ladders between them; and, better still, they were listening to Captain Hopkins, who waved an arm and pointed to an embrasure to the left in the corner of the bastion. Nat, pulling himself up and staring with the rest, saw that no gun stood in this embrasure— only a gabion. In a moment he was climbing the slope again ; if a man must die, there's comfort, at least, in company. He bore a hand in planting the two ladders; a third was fetched— heaven knew whence or how-and planted be side them, and up the men swarmed, three abreast, Dave leading on the right hand one, at the foot of which Nat hung back and swayed. He heard Dave's long sigh—the sigh, sob almost, of desire an swered at last. He watched him as he mounted. The ladders were still too short, and the leader on each must climb on the second man's shoulders to get hand-hold on the coping. In that moment he might be clubbed on the head, defenceless. On the middle ladder a young officer of the Thir tieth mounted by Dave's side. Nat turn ed his head away, and as he did so a rush of men, galled by the fire from the bastion to the right, came on him like a wave and swept him up the first four rungs. He was in for it now. Go back he could not, and he followed the tall Royal ahead, whose heels scraped against his breast buttons, and once or twice bruised him in the face— followed up, wondering what face of death would meet him at the top where men were yelling and jabbering in three languages — French, English, and that tongue which belongs equally to men and brutes at close quarters -and killing. Something came sliding down the ladder. The man in front of Nat ducked his head; Nat ducked too, but the body slid sidewise before it reached them and dropped plumb — the inert lump which had been Dave McInnes. His shako, spinning straight down the ladder, Struck Nat on the shoul der, and leaped off it, down into darkness. He saw other men drop; he saw Teddy Butson parallel with him on the far ladder, and mounting with, him step for step, now earlier, now later, but level with (him most of the time. They would meet at the em brasure; find together whatever waited for them there. Nat was sobbing by this time, sweat and tears together running down the caked blood on his cheek; but he did not know it. He had almost reached the top when a sudden pressure above forced his feet off the rung and his body over the ladder's side; and there he dangled, hooked by his armpit. Some one grabbed his leg, and, pulling him into place, thrust him up over the shoulders of the tall Royal in front. He saw the leader on the middle ladder go down under a clubbed blow, which burst through his japanned shako-cover, and then a hand came down to help him. , 'Spuds-O, Spuds.' It was Teddy reaching down from the coping to help him, and he paid for it with his life. The two wriggled into the embrasure together, Nat's head and shoul ders under Teddy's right arm. Nat did not see the bayonet-thrust given, but heard a low grunt, as he and his friend's corpse toppled over the coping together and into Badajoz. He rose on his knees, caught a man by the leg, flung him, and, as the fellow clutched his musket, wrenched the bayonet from it, and plunged it into his body, 'While the Frenchman heaved he pulled out the weapon for another stab; dropped sprawling on his enemy's chest; and the first wave of the storming party broke over him, beating the breath out of him, and passed on. Yet he managed to wriggle his body from under this rush of feet, and by and by to raise himself, still grasping the side arm. Men of the Fourth were pouring thick and fast through the embrasure, and turning to the right in pursuit of the enemy, now runing along the curve of the ramparts. A few only pressed straight for- ward to silence the musketry jetting and crackling from the upper windows of two houses facing on the fortifications. Nat staggered down after them, but turned as soon as he gained the roadway; and, passing to the right, plunged down a black side street. An insane notion pos sessed him of taking the two houses in the rear, and as he went he shouted to the Fouth to follow him. No one paid him the smallest attention, and presently, he was alone in the darkness, rolling like a dru kard, shaken by his sobs, but still shouting and brandishing his side-arm. He clattered it against a high blank wall. Still he lurched forward over uneven cobbles. He had forgotten his design upon the two houses, but a light shone at the end of this dark lane, and he made for it, gained it, and found himself in a wider Street. And then the enchantment fell on, him. For the street was empty, utterly empty, yet brilliantly illuminated. Not a soul could he see; yet in house after house as he passed, lights shone from every win- dow, in the lower floors behind blinds or curtains which hid the inmates. It was as if Badajoz had arrayed itself for a' fete. And still, as he staggered forward, a low buzz, a -whisper of voices surrounded him, and now and again at the sound of his footstep on the cobbles a lattice would open gently and be as gently re- shut. Hun dreds of eyes were peering at him, the one British soldier in a bewitched city— hun dreds of unseen eyes, stealthy, expectant. And always ahead of him, faint and distant, sounded the bugles and the yells around the Trinidad and the breaches. He stood alone in the great square. While he paused at the corner, his eyes following the rows of mysterious lights from house to house, from storey to storey, the regular tramp of feet fell on his ears and a com pany of foot marched down into the moon lit patch facing him and grounded arms with a clatter. They were men of his own regiment; and they formed up in the moon- light like a company of ghosts. One or two shots were fired at them, low down, from the sills of a line of doorways to his right; but no citizen showed himself, and no one appeared to be hit. And even from the di rection of the Trinidad came the low roar of combat and the high notes of the bugles. He was creeping along the side of the square, toward an outlet at its north-east corner, when the company got into motion again and came toward him. Then he turn ed up a narrow lane to the left and fled. He was sobbing no longer; the passion had died out of him, and he knew himself to be mad. In the darkness the silent streets began to fill; random shots whistled at every street corner; but he blundered on, taking no account of them. Once he ran against a body of Picton's men— half a score of the Seventy-fourth Regiment let loose at length from the captured castle, and burning for loot. One man thrust the muzzle of his musket against his breast be fore he was recognised. Then two or three shook hands with him. He was back in the square again and fighting— Heaven knew why— with an officer of the Brunswickers over a bird-cage. Whence the bird-cage came he had no clear idea: but there was a canary-bird inside, and he wanted it. A random shot smashed his left hand as he gripped the cage, and he dropped it as something with which he had no further concern. As he turned away, hugging his hand, and cursing the marksman, a second shot from another di rection took the Brunswicker between the shoulders. At dawn he found himself on the ram parts by the Trinidad breach, peering curiously among the slain. Across the top of the breach stretched a heavy beam, studded with sword-blades, and all the bodies on this side of it were French. Right beneath it lay one red-coat whose skull had been battered out of shape as he attempted ' to wriggle through. All the upper blades were stained and on one fluttered a strip of flannel shirt. Powder blackened every inch of the rampart hereabout, and as Nat pass ed over he saw the bodies piled in scores on the glacis below — some hideously scorched — among beams, gabions, burned-out fire pots, and the wreckage of ladders. A hor rible smell of singed flesh rose on the morn ing air; and, beyond the stench and the sullen smoke, birds sang in dewy fields, and the Guadiana flowed between gray olives and meadows green with promise of har vest. Below, a single British Officer, wrapped in a dark cape, picked his way among the corpses. Behind, intermittent shots and outcries told of the sack in progress. Save for Nat and the dead, the Trinidad was a desert. Yet he talked incessantly, and, stooping to pat the shoulder of the red-coat beneath the cheveaux-de-frise, spoke to Dave Mclnnes and Teddy Butson to come and look. He never doubted they were beside him. 'Pretty mess they've made of this chap.' He touched the man's col- lar — 'Forty-eighth, a corporal? Ugh! let's get out of this!' In imagination he linked arms with two men already stiffening, one at the foot and the other at the summit of the San Vincente bastion. 'King's Own— all friends in the King's Own,' he babbled, as he retraced his steps into the town. He had a firelock in his hands; he was fumbling with it, very clumsily, by reason of his shattered fingers. He had wandered down a narrow street,and was groping at an iron-studded door. 'Won't open,' he told the ghost beside, him; 'must try the patent key.' He put the muzzle against the lock and fired; flung himself against the door, and, as it broke before him, stood swaying, staring across a wisp of smoke into a mean room, where a priest knelt in one corner by a straw pallet, and a girl rose from beside him and slowly con- fronted the intruder. As she rose she caught at the edge of a deal table, and, across the smoke, she, too, seemed to be swaying. CHAPTER III. Seventeen years later Nat Ellery walked down the hill into Gantick village and en- tered the Ring of Bells. 'I've come,' said he, 'to enquire about a chest I left here, one time back-along.' And he told his name and the date. The landlord, Joshua- Margin— son of old Joshua who had kept the inn in 1806 — rubbed his doubIe chin. 'So you be Nat Ellery? I can just mind 'ee as a lad. As for the chest—come to think, father sent it back to Trethake Water. Reckon it went in the sale.' 'What sale?' 'Why, don't 'ee know? When Reub sold up. That would be about five years after the old folks died. The mill didn't pay after the war; so Reub sold up and emigrated. 'Ah! What became of him??' 'I did hear he was dead, too,' said Joshua Martin; 'out in Canady some- where. But that may be lies' he added cheerfully . Nat made no further comment, but-paid for his gin-and-water, picked up his car- pet-bag and went out to seek for a cot- tage. On his way he eyed the thatched roofs critically. 'Old Thatcher Hocka - day will be dead,' he told himself; 'there's work for me here.' He felt cer- tain of it in Farmer Sprague's rickyard. Farmer Sprague owned the two round- houses at the seaward end of the village and wanted a tenant for one of them. Nat applied for it and declared bis calling. ' Us can't afford to pay the old prices, these times,' said the farmer. Nat's eyes had wandered off to the ricks. 'You'll find you can when you've seen my work,' he answered. Thus he became tenant of the round house ;jaid lived in it *o the day. of his death. Xo one in my day. knew when rr how rae story first spread 'thait he bad been in the army and deserted. Perhaps !he let elip the secret in his cups; for at first he spent his Saturday even ings at the King of Bells, drop ping this habit when he found that every soul there disliked him. Per haps some discharged veteran of the Fourth, tramping through Gantick in search of work, had recognised him and let fall a damning hint. Long before I can remember the story had grown up, uncon tradicted, believed in by everyone. Be neath it the man lived on and deterio rated; but his workmanship never deterio rated, and no man challenged its excel lence. About a month before his death (I have this from the post-mistress) he sat down and wrote a letter; and ten days later a visitor arrived at the round- house. This visitor the Jago family (who lived across the road) declare to have been Satan him self; they have assured me so again and again, and I cannot shake their belief. But that is nonsense. The man was a grizzled, artisan-looking fellow well over fifty; ex traordinarily like the old thatcher, though darker of skin— yellow as a guinea, said Gantick; in fact and beyond doubt, the old man's son. He made no friends, no acquaintances even, but confined himself to nursing the thatcher, now tied to his chair by rheumatism. One thing alone gives color to the Jago's belief; the thatcher who had sent for him could not abide the sight of him. The Jago child ren, who snatched a feiarful joy by stealing after dark into the unkempt garden and peering through the uncurtained lattice windows, reported that as the pair sat at table with the black bottle between them the thatcher's eyes would be drawn to fix themselves on the other's with a stealthy, shrinking terror; or, as they put it, 'vicious when he wasna' lookin' and afear ed when he was.' They would sit (so the children, reported) half an hour, or maybe an hour, at a time without a word spoken between them; but indeed the yellow stranger troubled few with his speech. His only visits were paid to the postmistress, who kept a small grocery store where he bought arrowroot and other spoon-food for the invalid, and the Ring of Bells where he went nightly to have the black bottle refilled with rum. On the doctor he never called. It was on the 12th of July that the end came. The fine weather after lasting for six Weeks had broken up two days before into light thunderstorms, which did not clear the air as usual. Ky Jago (short for Caiaphas), across the way, prophesied a big thunderstorm to come; but allowed he might be mistaken when, on ,the morn- ing of the 12th, the rain came down in sheets. This torrential rain lasted until two in the afternoon, when the sky cleared and a pleasant north-westerly draught played up the valley. At 6 o'clock Ky Jago, who, in default of the thatcher, was making shift to cover up Farmer, Sprague's ricks, observ ed dense clouds massing themselves over the sea and rolling up slowly against the wind, and -decided that the big storm would happen after all. At nine in the evening it broke. it broke with such fury that the stran- ger, with the black bottle under his arm, paused on the threshold as much as to ask his father, ''Shall I go?' But the old man was clamoring for a drink, and he went. He was half-way down the hill, when with a crack the heavens opened and the white, jagged lightning fairly hissed by him. Crack followed crack, flash and peal together, or so quick on each other that no mortal could distinguish the rattle of one discharge, from the bursting explosion of the other. No such tempest, he decided, could last , for long, and he fled down to the Ring of Bells for shelter until the worst should be over. He waited there perhaps twenty minutes, and still the in fernal din grew worse instead of better, until his anxiety for the old man forced him out in the teeth of it and up the hill, where the gutters overflowed upon the roadway and the waters raced over his ankles. The first thing he saw at the top in one lurid instant was the entire Jago family gathered by their garden gate - six of them, and all bareheaded under the deluge. The next flash revealed why they were there. Against the round-house opposite a ladder rested, and above it on the steep roof, clung a man—his father. He had clamped his small ladder into the thatch, And as the heavens opened a shot, now silhouetting the round-house, now wrap ping it in white flames, they saw him climb ing up,'and still up, towards the cross at the top. 'Help, there!' shouted the stranger. 'Come down!' Oh,, help you! - We must get him down!' The women and chil- dren screamed. A fresh explosion drowned shout and screams in its roar. Jago and the stranger reached the lad- der together. The stranger mounted first, but as he did so the watchers in one blind- ing momect saw the old thatcher's hands go up and grip the cross. The shutters of darkness came to with a roar, but above it rose a shrill, a terrible human cry. 'Dave!' cried the voice. 'Ted!' Silence followed, and then a heavy thud. They waited for the next flash. It came There was no cross on the roof of the round-house, and but a broken stump where the cross had been. This was the story the yellow stranger told to the coroner. And the coroner listened and asked — 'Can you account for the conduct of de ceased? Had he, for instance, been drink- ing that evening?' 'He had, answered the witness; and for a moment, while the coroner took a note, it seemed he had said all. Then he seemed to think better of it, and added: 'My father suffered from delusions, sir!' 'Hey? This may be important. What sort of delusions?' The coroner glanced at the jury, who sat impassive. 'Well, sir, my father in his young days had served as a soldier -' Here the jurymen began to show interest suddenly. One or two leaned forward. 'He belonged to the Fourth Regiment, and was at the siege of Badajoz. during the sack of the city he broke into a house and — and- after that he was missing.' 'Go on,' said the coroner, for the wit ness had paused. 'That was where he first met my mother, sir. It was her house, and she and a priest kept him hidden till the English had left. After that he married her. There were three children — all boys. My brothers came first; they were twins. I was born two years later.'' ''All born in Badajoz?' 'All born in Badajoz, sir. My brothers will be there still, if they're living.' 'But these delusions - ? ' 'I'm coming to them. My father must have been hurt somehow— hurt in his head. He would have it that my two brothers twins, sir, if you'll be pleased to mark it were, no sons of his, but of two friends of his, soldiers of the Fourth Regiment, who had been killed, both, that even by the San Vincente bastion. So you must see he must have been wrong in his head.' ''And you?' 'Oh, there couldn't be any mistake about me. I was his very image, and— perhaps I ought to say, sir— he hated me for it. When my mother died— she had been a fruit- seller —he handed the business over to my bro- thers, taking only enough to carry him back to England and me with him. The day after we landed in London, he apprenticed me to a brassworker. I was just turned 15, and from that day until last Wednesday three weeks we never set eyes on each other.'' 'Let me see,' said the coroner, turning back a page or two, 'at the last moment, just before he fell, you say— and the other witnesses confirm it — that he called out twice— uttered two names, I think.' 'They were the names by which he used to call my brothers, sir - the names of his two mates in the storming party.' 