CtJttiNU A KLEPTOMANIAC. THKKK yesrs ago u was «nd y*t I con see ' myself standing at the of (he big house, thst lovely evening in July, end that come rattling op (be quiet rosd, ll •topped ; out jumped • rest gentleman, looking white and worried, * Tbia Parkburst the bankers place V he ••7a, qoiok like. 1 Ob, I didn't want to see Mr. Waring. I'ra called aboal an advertise* aantfor • nurse-child or an invalid, Box So* •nd-so, Tkt Surrey Herald and tbe newspaper people referred me to a John Babbick, kt the lodge here. Ob, it's joo. it i< T' Jost who it wac, and perhaps 1 half gasped. 80 Mollie, my missis, bad gone and stock tbat advertisement in after all, tbongb I said * Ho' all along, D'yo see? Onr own adopted kiddie had takes aad died joat *• we'd got to Ion it eo, and Mollie, abe doted on work, wanted to make a little extra money be* aidee. * Well,' I ssys, eautious, ' I donnn, fir! Yon see, things hrre ar« all topsy joat now, and likely to be. The fsvei's roo wild all 0?er .rha place, end Mr. Waring'* csrfrd the family down to Jersey in a fright and scarry Only tro o* the servants would stay behind, and it'a come to this—he'e eroding his orders to my missis, and dhe'* seeing to the boner tilt something can b» »rr»ngfd. Still, I doono—I wooldn't aay—is it a baby, or any thing o' that f' 1 Blese me, no I BtbVuck, lo-ik here,' be •aye,' husky, boi that nice. * W«'re in esd tronble ofer a young lady, I o«n't give yoa Dames jet. Tbe moment we ssw yoor adveclieement, it seemed like a godsend, 60 quiet and plesssnt here, tbe ideal place for a onre. The truth is, Bsbbick—he whispers it, staring ronnd, * she's a confirmed kleptomaniao !' ' Lor* yon don't say it!' I gasps, ray blood alt prickly—i couldn't properly tell why, I'd never heard the word thai I knew ; bot that * maniao ' bit—well, in my mind's eye I could •as bt>r comin' at me with goggle eyes, bsuds a-olaw, and that nasty • Ha, ha !' as they moeily take to. ' No, I don't think we ooold menage anything of tbat sort here/ 1 aays. ' Easily 1 Why notI' he ssys, nigh pleading. ' Try her, anyway. Es<« next to no. tiling, and conld heip «iib tbe light wurfc. No one need know anything; here, right away from tbe shops and temptations, she Would soon master the wretched impulses. Too see oar position. Babbick ! There's only this, 1 ought 10 lell yon ; she is spt to wander a little in her sleep, wilb the same lamentable motive • bot yoa conld be an y»mi guard and tell her of it next day. There, try her for a month ; end wrre perfectly willing to pay you £2 a week.' * Ah ! Two shining qnids a we«*k 1 I'd have bossed a tnudbonse fall of '"in fur thai. ' Here, yon take a seat and wait a bit, sir,' I aays, all bot; and off I soorried to tbe bonaa to find tbe missis. Five minutes later me and Mollie ass tearing bark like mad. Watt, there, inside ftalf en hoar we'd settled it all. We'd manage her. We conld let ont that sb'e was a y»an« relation party from town; and it aeemrd -omfilung marvellous tbat tbe Honse fanny might keep away till aotunn, and nn tinii..rM coming near tha place. Fever? She'd hid >hii twiee, be ssid—snd another touch, corap o that, might pnt her brain right. H- was fur beside hieself wilb hopss ; and. what was batter, planked down for a solid w k in advance. Miss Csrrie, tbs young lady, ws« perfectly willing so long as 00 one preached at bar, and be'd bring her down next evening. ' Yon ve done it now,' I eays to JUollie * If anything goes wrong, don't lay it on me. How,' I says, carefully fetching down onr o'd Webster, ' we'll jnst make sore of the meaning of tbat there word ut once. Er—why, what was it? ,M«ni»c—maniac—d'ye mean to aay yoo've been atid (oTgoi it V Blowed if she ba.n't. There we stood like fools, till all of a sodden Mo lie smacks ber bands together. Er—»r—crypti.manisc.' , Of course I now, tlien, before it olipa yon again. Crypto—crypto—ab, here we are. Now that'e rommy-1 . . Ob, lor! Why, of coarse, can't yon seef I gesps, next minute, ' It's about tombs and vsalts and things, plain as your nose—she goes tooting •bout among tombs and such, in her steep as well! Yon ve done it. ' Rubbidge,' she says, with a month like s coal skottie, all tfie same. • She'll soon get aick of that.' * Yon don't know,' { says. 'Them oryptomaniacs are a queer lot. Yon beard What be said. Well, you'll have to pnt bar in onr bad mom, and we'll sleep down here; and all you've to do.if ever yon bear anything, ia to gat op and go after ber, and see she don't tab* any harm.' • That was' all. Sotriebpw, I kept dreaming •boot them tombs and things «11 tbe blessed night; and next dey, you might say, we Want abontine sort bl »>biv«fry-8hsbe—right Bp to tbe miniite jnst after dark, tbe sab came along again, mod 'be was banding down tbe yooug psriy berself. It was a/air talief,aa nice and natty a yoong ladv as yon Conld wish, only a bit pale, I fairly liked ber on the spot, bbcb a sweet pretty pleoe ; •be said shswes sure tbe cbspge woald do bff wprld of good, . ^ba olong to the (anttemsn s biX'ber nncle, or something, w<< fSofconad, wd tegged him io fiomt sod aee bar aooB, * Ay, and welcome,* 1 *»/?. . He Sl^kpsid * ! *Mllmg frito my tai»d—»nd < here, 11 was all wsrwfcittpt* «a dock wbrk. 'Wall, if tbst'a • pipiymsmao,' Moilie was j whispering to me, 'I'd like hslf e-doeen of em all »he year round.' She'd been Bnd for gotten the word sgain, just like a woman. • Well, we both went to bed that night in oar clothes for a lead off ; snd we didn't gel over mucb eleep for listeuiog, it's true. Bnt nothing happened at all, and the bit of tspe we tied along the stairs hadn't been touched come morning. Down comes the yoang parly to breakfast, as nice as conld be, only she wouldn't say too maoh about herself. Then Dp walked the postman with a letter from Mr. Waring. He was at his wits' end, so it said. He shouldn't come near yet, for fear of tbe children, but he we* sending a housekeeper and two new servants down, and they'd arrive as soon at tbe house conld be fumigated, or something of that. In the meantime we were to shot np tbe lodge snd go end stsy in the honse with the other two servants, in oase of a fire or anything. Here was s go. Tbere wss nothing for it bnt to show ber the letter spd ask if she'd mind. Mind, Not a bit; she oonld help with tbe dusting and wbst not—it would be s novelty tor ber all ronnd. She *ss nice ! Bo up 10 the house we carted her two boxes snd srranged for her to sleep in tbs honse. keeper's mom wilb Mollie, while I hsd the next. Tbe other servants took ber for a niece, and everything was as right as nine peqoe, • Lor,' it was tbe calm before s pretty elorm. it wss. We bBdn't got onr two qoid B week for nothing ; everything seemed nice end smooth, bot there was a bit sticking ont somewhere—snd we soon knew it 1 it was on the third night—yes. about two in the morning. Fast asleep and dreaming away, I was when 1 felt someone basiling we to rights. Up I sprung, end there was Mo!lie's face that white, and ber candle bobbing like anything. • G« up. John, qaick!' sbe whispered. ' Get op, I tell yon ; she's gone after the tombstones, or something; I couldn't go after ber for worlds. Oh, dear ! 1 happened to rouse, and she wssn't there. Her clothes are gone, too. Whstever yon do, don't frighten the girl! Qaick 1' I'd clipped on my clothes in a dresm like, and wee ont. I crept along the passage and -listened bard. Never a sotond anywhere. Hatf-wey down the stairs there I got—and then my knees started knocking, an I heard a faint clinking noise somewhere below there. Supposing she'd gotfe groping down in tbe cellars, taking tbem for more vaults, Bnd was to pounce on her of a sudden, mightn't she think I WSB a body come to life? 'i'beD at last I skipped back smart, as [ see a candle-light away down the drawing-room corridor. It was ber, qoite dressed, bot ghostly for all that, coming slong with a pit, psUer, pit ! Now she'd turned into a side passage.' 1 heard a key clinking—and then I remember I'd stowed her boxes just tbere, ready in esse Mr. Waring dropped in, snd bad to shift 'em quick. Another tomb? Well, there wssn't a qoie> nerve in me, when presently I sees ber step into the hail, with something tacked under her srrn, and slip back the blessed bolts of the big door. Yes, she blew ont th« candle, left tbe door sjar, sod nnt she went. ' Miss Osrrie. ih'-re'e no t^mbs ont there,' was in my throat ; only, 'o tell the troth, didn't csre for her face 10 tnm ronnd at me wilb that fit on her. I slipped out too— why, wasn't it b!1 dumped in with the £2 a a week! Yes, there she wss, scarrying down towards the lodge. Bot that was nothing 1 to the feeling that ran down my spise when, as she got to the gates, 1 heard her start talking in e qoeer voice. All my hair •eemed to crinkle op ; tomb-hunting wasn't sofflcien', she most go whispering to spirits, at that time-of eight ! . And now, now she'd satisfied her poor, rnmmy brain snd wss hurrying hsr.k—wiib<'0t her boodle, thooph I never thought nt that till sfterwsrds. I was croncned back between the trees till abe'd gone past. After her 1 went ; in no time she'd got to the Honse dour again, end I was joi-t getting my nervo to call and tell her she reafty must not do it, when, well, tbere, a feather could have toppted me over, F'U the door clicked ; she'd gone in—acd left me ontside there, and, as Mollie never had the sense to goess and let me in, there I'd got to slick till dawn. Tell you, when morning did come, I'd begnn to think tbat anxious gent knew jnst what be was abont when be run the 'figures up so high, and was tbat savage—especially when I fonod tbst Mollie had lockeJ herself in my room and let the girl slip fceck lo bed witbont fio much ss a word of warning. When she came down to breakfast sbe looked tbat pale and heavy eyed 1 couldn't get it ont aoyhow. « Well, two more days went by. I'd got partly desperate, but somehow or other I'd loat the gift of sleeping properly ; and that's why it was, on tbe third ntgbt, it csme to my tnm to wake Mollie—who would sleep-in tbe other room after the scare,' • Here,' i whispers,' she's at it again, I do belifctie 1 Look and, see; I've had about enoiDgh of this {tomb bnsiuegs. . . What, she's fast asleep, wben I/heard a doot creak 'down tbere, plain as possible'!'. «In a jiffy I was dressed spd tip-toeing down them stairs. All,serene in the ball; all nice and qtiiei in the drawing-room corridor. 8till, I knew ray own ears. ' I crept along a bit, snd looked down that left-hand passage; and blowed if there wasn't a flicker nf ligbt.-coming from a -doorway at tbe end there. That room—why, that would be Mr. Wariog's private affair—his study—tbat be'd l e t a eft look»d 1 All in n qniver, with the queer- 1 st noises hneeing nine in my bead, 1 edged alung thick carpet, u t-hou( ready in my throa', peered in.' Am 1 ever going to forget it? It wasn't the girl, or a ghost; it was a man. A man on his knees, with a lantern and a pile of papers beside him, and his bead stuck into B bureaa affair that he'd foroed open. We'd got a bnrglar I Got him? It WBB so. I'll never know what made me do it, but I was that mad snd frightened together, I took one jr.mp ri^ht across, jerked him up, and Gent hit" hushing against tbe wall like B ninepin, Once nerved to it—' Now, come, on, me besnty !" I whispers ; bat be never moved. His head was the soltest* and be lsy clean stunned. A cap was pulled down over-his eyes. I shoved it back with my foot—jnst one look, 1 took—snd it Bent me staggering baok in a ponr of sweat. Next minnte I was out at the ball door— never stopping to ask why I foand it sjar— and flying down the avenue at something like a speed. A policeman !—Bnd one of the town inspectors lived at a cottage down tbe road. One big thud I gave at his dooc—one sbont as he chucked up "his window. Qnite enongb ; in no time be WBB ont, and we were panting beck up the drive. There, I'll swear it wssn't nine minnieK from when I dented the wall with tlint m»n'« bead to when we sprang in together, me nnd the inspector man ; and, onr bird wns goae. Gone ! ' You've boggled it nnw !' snyw tbe inspec tor. 'Qaick. What WHS he like?' 'Like?' ' Why it was him—the very muti as brought that girl lu ax, and was paying ns two qaid a week for her keep ! Jnst look !' *0h, what's the matter? &1IBB Carrie, where is she?' There stood Mollie, wringing her hands in the doorway. 'John, I heard her run ou'., but 1 daren't stir a lip. Yon don't say ' 4 Run ont !' I gBsps. 'There, she's gone, too—the girl, the cryptomsnisc ]' Yes, it was all com'ng on me with a sweet ru«h now. ' See it ?. She's let him in the honse. It's a plot—she's no cryplomsniac I Why, that bundle—didn't I see her smuggle it out of the honse and—her boxes !' Out we rushed. The boxes were there ; in a trice I'd got one open, and—well, I'll lake tvf on lb there wss a hundred solid pounds' wonh ot trinkets and knick- knacks Irom different rooms packed into ii. ' Lock look at that I Yoo've done it. Yoo've done a fine thing, laking (but girl off his hands, yon have. You'll take another cryplomaniac in to cure, yoa will. Yoa'll pat more advertisements in without my fcDnwing.' 'Er—Wbst?' ssys the inspector man, flabbergasted. ' Yon — yon don t mean kleptomaniac ?' We stsrted, ' That's it!' we both hnbblsd ont. And, one sgainet tbe other, in five minutes we'd told bim abont all of it; and tbe wsy tbat man conld stand and Isngb, at a minnte like that. ' You've cored her 1' he says. 'Bnt that ain't it; hs's got away with some valuables bere, I'll lsy my life. A man and a girl— I'll have 'em inside twenty-four hours 1' And he did. And nioe and warm ws felt wben we stood in tbe police coor. beside Mr. Warning, and it all came out; bow a gang of swell thieves, they'd got to hear jnst bow things stood Bt the House, and taking ad vsntsge of Mollie's advertisement to run through it Bnd pack up all the valuables at their ease. Really clever, tbe beak ssid. They got two vesrs apiece, snd Mr. Waring but never mind tbe rest. I reckon I cored that disease of berg—and, it was worth tbe money. THE best medicine known is SANDER & SONS' EUCALYPTI EXTRACT- Teat its eminent powerful effects in coughs, colds, influenza, the relief is instantaneous. In serious cases, and accidents of all kinds, be they wounds, barns, scoldings, bruises, sprains, it is the safest remedy—no swelling—no inflammation. Like surprising effects produced in croup, diphtheria, bronchitis, inflammation of lungs, swelling, etc., diarrhoea, dysentery, diseases of tbe kidneys and urinary organs. BA'NDER & SONS' EUCALYPTI EXTRACT is in use at hospitals and medical clinios all over the lobe J patronised by HIB Majesty the King ot f taly; crowned with medals and diplomas at International Exhibition, Amsterdam. Trust in this approved artiole and reject all others.* EVERV rule h«i its exceptions. There ia a cerium Wagga mother who has carefully taught her children never to speak to strangers. " If anybody you don't know spesks to you, just run sway, because they're sure to be larrikina," has been her maternal advioe. The other day Judge Owen and his associate went for a walk round Wagga, and wandered along until they became uncertain as to tbsir whereabouts. Presently they spied some children, who regarded them from afar with questioning looks. Towards them went tbe Judge "and bis companion, and though tha children showed a disposition tobsok the other way, tbey were at length overtakes. Th<m e&id; the Judge in his blandest tones ; " My girl, can you tell me the nearest way baok to town ?" Th« children waited to hear no mors. With a howl they started off, and oever stopped until tbey were home. There they told their mother th*t two " dreadful larrikins, in long co-its and shinny hats," had heen trying to speak to thetu. But the mother, peering cautiously round the doorway, buheld the innocent Judge an'l his «BBociuie, staring blankly before tliem.— Wagga Advertiser, 