NOVEL. CAPTAIN CLOSE. . By CAPTAIN CHARLES ICING. CHAPTER VII.— (Continued). This did not prohibit the men from buy ing what tie Walton eorvants offered for salo outside the fence, nnd if they wero so straitened in circumstances thoy might be glad to find a market for thoir surplus produco evon among the Yankee invaders, provided Madam Walton wero kept in ignoranco of the traffic. She was uncom piuwmuig. iiu lurorcuursu wnn, no re cognition of, the barbarians, was her rule to kith and kin, and the few negroes who still hung about the crumbling old place repeated hor words with the fear born of long-continuod discipline under her roof and rod in tho days of their enforced and unquestioning s.rvitude. 'Hi ceo and other items of information as to his surroundings tho young lieutonnnt had obtained from Sergeant hums in the courts of thoir ovoning watch together. He had no other means of studying the situation, nnd was but one of the many new and comparatively inexperienced officers thrown upon their own resources ? at isolated posts among tho States lately in rebellion.' Not yet twenty-four hours on duty with his company, he had been ordered to proceed with an armed force to the succour of officers of law supposably besieged by a rebellious mob, and now, at midnight, in the heart of a strange country and far from the heart of its people ho was commanding officer of hia company and camp, without definite in structions of any kind and only his native tomrnon sense to guido him. Lambert has since told two women — his vifo and his mother — how his thoughts v'&ndered; back to the peaceful old home f tead in the far Northland, and the teach ings of his boyhood days. He made a Biurdy fight againBt the feeling of loneli ness tbat oppressed him. He wished the wind did not blow so sulkily, in such spiteful, vicious puffs. It seemed as though naturo had combined with old Lady Walton to givo him ungracious wel come to this particularly shady side of the sunny South. The wind itself was whis pering sarcastic and withering remarks to . him, like those tho sergeant repeated as coming from Madam Walton to tho dc : fenooless-captain; and evou Buriie's sense v - ' of subordination could not down his 'im- ' jiulso to chuckle over some of them. What -would Lambert do or say if tho prim ' and starchy dame were to call upon him, as she occasionally had on his superior, driving him at last to tho refuge of the nethermost depths of his tent, whenc-J, as Burns declarad, * tho captain couldn't bo induced to come out till the old lady was baok inside htr own door ' ? Tho last time ha 'tied up Biggs'— a punishment much resorted to in the rough war days and those tbat closely followed them, especially by those officers who were themselves graduited from tho ranks or tho volunteers — it was for trespass on the Walton placo. The follow had climbed the fence and was pilfering among the old fruit trees when caught by il adarn Walton. That was- bad enough, but he had been impudent to her, which was worse. The men themselves would ' probably havo ducked him in tho stream — tho ol -i Belf-rcspecting poldiers, ^ that is — had tho captain not orderod his sum mary punishment. Lambert was wondor ?' ing what steps ho should tako in tho interests of discipline, whon he finally blow out his candle, determined, if a pos tib'e thing to get to sleep. It was just a quarter-past twelve when he wouud hia watch and stowed it under his rude pil low. His. revolver, the day's purchase, lay, with some matches, close at hand. Ho had even placed his sword and belt at tho foot of his col. The last thine ho thought of beforo closing hia eyes waa that he would havo to get a lantern on tho morrow, even if he bought it of Cohen ; but it was ulso the last thing ho thought of when the morrow came. Was it tho wind again, whispering ugly things, or tho ghost of Lady Walton, with her acidulated tongue, that roused him, he knew not how many minutes — or hours \-- later ? Something was whispering, surely. The wi^d had boon doing a good deal of that sort of thing all the night long among the leaves, a good deal of snarling and growling at times, and there was muttered snarling going on around him now. That might be tho wind ; but the wind would not trip up over a tent rope and say such blasphemous things flimsy structure down. In an instant Lambert waa wide awake. ' Who's there ?' ho challenged, Bternly. No answer, — not in words, at least,— but thero was sound as of stealthy yet hurried movement, more straining at the ropos on the side nearest the captain's tent, aud heavy, startled breathing. 'Who's there?' he repeated, reaching for his revolver. ? Answer, or I firo.' Then camo a mighty Btrain, a jerk, a stumble and ' plunge, tho sound as of a heavy fall, followed by instant scramble and a rush of footfalls around tho rear of camp. Lambert was out of bed and into his boots in halt a minute; but in his liasto he upset the chair on which laj the matches, and the box wont rolling to the floor. Pistol in hand, ho darted out into tho night, and found it black as Erebus. Quickly he ran to the first sergeant's tent, but Burns was hard to waken after the long day'B work. Once roused, however, he was soon out, lantern in hand, while Lambert hastily dressed, and thon to gothor they scoutod camp. A glance at their tent showed that Riggs and Murphy were still absent. A peep at the watch Bhowed that it- was almost two o'clock ; a search around Lambert's tent revealed nothing beyond the fact that the corner peg to which the tent-fly was guyed was torn from the ground, and the soft, sandy soil Bhowed that heavy boot-heels had made their imprint. Then Burns, still lantern-bearing, wont crouching low around the back of Close's tont, while Lambert, with straining ears, stood stock still an instant in front, thon, of a sudden, tore like mnd through the rousing oarnp, out past the dim white canvas of tho waggons, out past the startled sentry, up ' tho steep pathway to the hard red road beyond, down which he ran on tho wings of the wind tiU ho reached the gateway iu tuo iuiuiuuuu ^iuuuu) wc iv womiiiU b agonised shriek had rung out upon the night, and the sound of blows, of crashing glass, of fierce and desperate struggle, of muttered oaths, of panting, pleading, half-stifled cries, of wild dismay and re newed screams for help, all camo crowd ing on the ear from tho heart of the Walton placo. CHAPTER Vlil. Aa ho rushed around the Southern side of the old house, — the side whence all this uproar proceeded, — Lambert came sud denly upon two dim, swaying figures. Tlie one nearest him — that of a man — was clutching, throttling, apparently, a slighter form in white, a woman. The butt of his revolver straightened out the dark figure with ono crack, nnd thon for a moment everything was darkness and confusion. A lamp, held by some scream ing female at a neighbouring window, was dropped with a crash. Tho scroams sub sided to scurry and chatter and Ethiopian protestations and furious demands : ' You Elinor 1 you black nigguh ! — you let me out this room instantly !' Tho rush of footsteps to tho window again, and tragic appeals : ' Mamma — ma-am-ma ! Whut's happened ? Do answer ! Do make Elinor let me to you, or' Ah'll jump out this window. Ah'm coming now.' And in deed a dim, slender form could just be descried, arrayed in white, bending low from the casement, whon Burns with his lantern came tearing round the cornor. Then a majestic voice, imperious evon though well-nigh breathless, was heard : * Katherino, return to your bod instantly. Do you hear? Instantly! And send Elinor to mo.' That Katherino shot back within tlio Bholt'.ring blinds was possibly dne not bo much to the impotus givon her by tlioao imperative orders as to that imparted by cne Bigtir or a pair 01 snouioer-scraps ana tho face of the young officor gazing in be wildermont about liiin. Woll might he lsok umazad I At his feofc on tho pathway Privato Biggs was sprawling, still half stunned by the blow ho had received. On his back, amidst tho wreck of a glass hot bad, Privato Murphy was clutching at empty air and calling on nil the saints in the Hibernian calendar to rescue him from the hands of that old beldam. Oil the pathway, in a loose wrapper, her bosom heaving with mingled wrath and oxhaustion, ono hand firmly clutching a stout cane, tho othor clasping togother at her white neck the shreds of her torn and dishevelled garb, her dark eyes flashing fire, her lips quivering, stood a woman certainly not fifty years of ago, despite the silver in the beautiful hair streaming down upon her shoulders, and tho deep lines of grief and caro in her olear-cut and thoroughbred face. Sholeaned heavily on tho stick nn instant, but raised it threateningly as tho luckless Murphy strovo to sit up and staunch tho blood trickling from his htcoratod hands and face. * Don't you dare to movo, suli,' she panted; 'unless ? ' And the npliftod came supplied, moat suggestively, tho ellipsis. , Oh, fur tho luv o' God, ma-am, don't hit mo ag'in 1 Sure I'd nivor prezhoomo, ma'am ? ' ' Shut up, Murphy 1' growled Burns. ' It's easy to s^o what brought you hero.— Shall I let Riggs up, lieutenant ? Ho'b bleeding a good deal.' But ltiggs didn't want to get up. , He flopped helplessly buck upon the grass plot. Burna bent over and held hia lan- 1 torn oloso. ' The inan'a drunk, sir, ' ho said,— ? and cut.' . ' I did that, I presumo,' said Lambert, still a ' little put of breath after tho dosh to tho rescue. '1 found' him daring to lay handB on this lady. — Madam, I sin- ' ceroly hopo you are not injured. It is im possible for mo to say how I doploro thia outrage. Th030 men shall snffor for it, I a3auro you.' ?' ? With rapid stop tho corpbrol 'of tho guard, bringing with him a couple of men and another lantern, came hurriedly to the ; scene and .stood silent and alort, glanoing eagerly from face to face. Two or throo frightened negroes bad crept uruuau ebb rear portico anunung. trem- bling bohind their mistress. With a shawl thrown ovor hor head and shoul ders, a quadroon girl halted half-way down tho stops from tha sido door, her eyes dilated, and hor lips twitohing in terror, until a low voice from within bade hor go on, ond a tall, dark- liaired, palu fac«d girl in long, loose wrapper fairly pushed hor forward and thon stepped quickly to tho older woman's side. ?Go back to tho house at once, my child. This is no placo for you. Go to Katherino and toll hor I say she muse not loave hor bed. Go !' And silently as she came, but with infinite and ovidont re luctance, the tall girl turned and obeyed. Mrs. Walton had Spoken slowly and with effort. Of Mr. Lambert and his party alio had as yot taken no notice whatovor. Again Murphy began to squirm in his un comfortable couch of mingled mud and broken glass and head-lettuce,, and .the crackling accompaniment to Lib moaning onco morn mnrln liim f.lin lady's attention.' ' Lie still, suh,' she said, low and sternly. ',You havo brokon moh glass now, huh, than youh captain can replace. Lie still whuh you are until my suhvants lift you out. — Henry 1' she called. ' Ye-nssum,' was tho answer, as one of tho negroes camo reluctantly forward, humbly twirlinga battered hatinhisbands. ' ' Go fetch your barrow.' 'Indeed, Mrs. Walton/ interposed Lam bert, 'you need not trouble yoursolf. Tho guard shall carry these two scoundrels to camp, ond prison life at Ship Island, or Tortugas, will put a stop to their prowl ing. It is on your account I am dis tressed. Wo havo no surgeon at hand; I j will sond at once for tho doctor in town — ' She raised a slondor whito hand, re linquishing her grasp . upon tho cane, which now went clattering upon the gravel of tho walk. It was a sign to chock him, and respectfully ho broke oil in his hurried words. Thon again she turned .to the negro, who stood with twitohing face, irresolute, beside her. ' Did you hear me, Henry ? Go.' , Again Rigge began to groan and stretch forth feeble hands. Burns looked ap pealingly to his young officer, thon as appealingly to tho lady. Clearly, she was the mistress of the situation. Lambort had quickly stooped and picked up the cane, but she did not see, apparently, that ho wished to restore it to her. In the light of the lanterns the mark of Rigg's clutch was plainly visiblo at her white and rounded throat. ' Two of you lift this fellow/ said Burns to the corporal ; and between thom Ri^gs was heaved to his sprawling feet. ' Get him over to camp now and bathe his head. Put a bayonet through him if he tries to bolt. I'll be there presently.' ' And of Riggs, her assailant, and of Rigg's removal under guard, tho lady of the Walton homestead took no note what ever. Rebuffed, yet sympathetic, Lambert again essayed to speak, but the rattle of tho barrow was heard, and Henry once more loomed up within the zone of lan tern light. ' Lift that — puhson — out,' she Baid. And when Burns would have lent a helping hand, she interposed : ' No, I beg yon. My suhvants will attond to this.' And J neither Lambert nor his sergeant- made (further effort. Murphy, lifted from the wreck of the ruined hot-bed, abject and crestfallen, scratched and bruised and I bleedinfr. Vflfc noitliftr p.o rlnnrlfmnrl hv ilrinlc nor so stunned by the rain of blows which he had suffered as not to appreciate the humiliation of his position, 'was squatted in the barrow. At an imperious gesturo from Madam Walton, Henry started to wheel him away, the corporal of tho guard in close attendance. And thon, with calm dignity and re covered breath, the lady turned to the boy officer : ? I havo not thanked you yet -- ' ?Oh, Mrs. Walton, I bog you not to speak of thanks. If you know how — how ashamed I am, and my regiment will bo - that any of our men could havo dared ? ' Tho very intensity of the young fellow's indignation choked him, and gave her tho floor. ' Orice before this they came, and thon I warned. This timo, having no men to call upon ' (negroes. it seems, could nit be counted as such), * I was compelled, my self, to chastise. May I ask the snfo re turn of our barrow, — it is the only vehicle the -war has left us, — and .that wo may bo permitted to rotire r' And she swept a stately courtesy. ?But, madam ? ' began iiambort, ut terly chagrined at the attitude of cold ond dotormined avoidance in which she persisted, ? you have been brutally handled ; I insist on sending for our con tract doctor : it is the best wo can offer to-night ? ' 'Neither to-night, nor ot any other time, would hi] suhvicea be acceptable, suh. I need no doctoh. We learned — we had to learn — how to do without luxuries of overy kind during tho war; and Dr. Hand— I think that is tho name of tho physician you roler to— would be too much of a luxury at any time. I rojjret that your men should lieed his sulivices, but they brought it on themselvos.' ? They will need him more beforo tlio captain gets tnrougn wnn em, maivrn, said Sergeant Burns, seeing that his young superior was at a loss what to 'Say. Aa ho spoke, tho tall, dark-haired girl onco moro appeared, and swiftly, noiselessly stopped to her mother's sido. ' There'd bo no need of a court-martial or of your having to testify, if Captain Clcsa could sottle this— or lot us do it.' 1 Mother, como in, — please do, — and let these gentlemen go,' said tho girl. ' In deed, wo aro vory much obligod to you/ she continued, addressing Lambert, ' for coming so quickly/ (To bo continued.) A prominent newspaper in Brussels, during a rocent strike, appeared ns a richly illustrated sixteen-page paper with out tho help of a single compositor. The nowa had beon sot up' on a typewriter. The typewritten sheets and pictures wero pastod on a largo cardboard. Thon tho whole was roduccd by photography to the actual size, and from the negative a print was uindo ou a sensitised sheet of zinc. With tho aid of nitric acid tho typo and illustrations woro etched in, and tho re-' Bultwasa completo solid forme ready for thopreBS. Wife : ? What are you busy at ?' Young Physician : ' I am writing a lot tor to tho nowspapors, abusing Dr. Blank, tho groat scientist.' 1 But Dr. Blank has never dono you any harm, and you agroo with his theories.' ' Truo ; but it is against tho rulo for physicians to advertise, and I must got myself beforo tho public somehow/ 