Short Story. Escorting the Colonel's Wife. One day a mail rider arrived at the frontier fort with such news that a ser geant and six men and an ambulance -were ordered out within an hour to es cort and convey the Colonel's wife down to the railroad. This was a trip of forty miles. For the first ten miles it was over a leve?lplain, then the trail ran through the scrub, along the foothills, over five miles of desert, around the south . base of . the mountaiin, and, straight down, to the rail road. It was a hard, rough trail. It took- the army waggons from three to four days to make the forty miles. We could make it in two if al lowed to pursue our way in peace. For a year there had been no open act of hostility-on the part of the Indians, but we had lmowmq for weeks that they were nmaking ready for an outbreak: It was queer enough. that the Colonel should come down to us in person as we stood beside our saddled horses, knowing nothing of where we were to go or the object of the trip, but stranger yet that all " military etiquette" should go out of his voice and demeanour as he said : " Men, I am going to send my wife down to the railroad to go East. You are to be her escort. It is a case of life or death, or she would not go. I am afraid of the Indians, and yet I think you will get through all right. You are to make the best time possible. If at tacked-" "We shall beat them off, sir," replied Sergeant Gregg after waiting half-a minute for the Colonel to finish. "I hope you can. I can only send the seven of you and a driver. Eight men ought to be-at off a hundred Indians, unless taken in ambush. Be watchful and prudent. Sergeant, you are an old Indian fighter. You will know best. what to do. You will get away by 1 o'clock, travel as fast as you can and as late as you can, so as to finish the journey to-morrow. If you are at tacked-" The Colonel did not finish. He looked at each man and horse, inspected the ambulance and its pair of mules, and with a half-nod to us Th- walked away. His wife must go,' and, owing to details and sickness, no commissioned officer could be sent along. If the Indians were out an escort of twenty men would not be too large. Only eight of us were to go. Had he finished his sentence he would have said : "If attacked, and you are -shout to fall into the hands of the red devils, do not let my wife be captured alive." We understood what he meant, though we said nothing to each other. No mat ter what be or any one else feared, the little woman was almost merry as she took her seat in the ambulance for the start. She trusted us to the fullest ex tent, and that feeling made every man worth three. Our 'horses were in fine fettle, and the first ten miles were cover ed in a gallop. Then the way became so rough that we could only proceed at n walk. We wound through the scrubby cedars and pines to the crest of a low nmountain, and then descended into TttS~e-V nov t lust 5 o'clock. A dash Yacrdss the valley to the base of Blue Mountain would put us in camp for the night.' We had progressed famously well, and had not yet sighted an Indian. Three different times we had to bridge chasms which mountain torrents had cut out within a week, and twice we had to drag trees and logs out of the -path before we could go on. Nothing had happened when we reached the valley, antid as we looked around us and across it nothing could be seen to alarm. We had just taken the ropes off the blocked Wheels of the .ambulance when the war whoop of the. hostile Indians sounded behind us. and we looked back over our trail to catch sight of a hundred mount ed warriors bearing down upon us. They bad picked our trail and run us down. "Mount ! Now, straight across the valley! Fall into the rear of the ambu lance !' The voice of the old sergeant was hard and firm as he spoke. The curtains of the ambulance were up, and I glanced at the Colonel's wife. She had seen and heard. Her cheeks had paled, 'but she was renovinga repeating rifle from its hooks as we fell in behind the vehicle. It was a clear five-mile dash. Theprairie was as level as a floor, and the nmules needed no urging after hearing the yells of the Indians. The soldier driver wound the lines about his hands,i braced his feet, and away we went. We had a start of half-a-mile. No man looked back. The pace was a hot one and there was cover five miles away. The Indians gained on us, but only inch by inch. The mules took up sued? a gait that our horses had to lie right down to it to keep up. Not a word 'was spoken as we rode, but every ear listened to locate those coming up be 'hind us.. If they came too near we must halt and open fli-e while the ambulance. pushed on. We had almost reached cover before three or four rifle bullets came singing over our heads, Three minutes later we were imong the trees and rocks, and the race was ended. As the ambulance halted and we flung ourselves off our horses, I looked back and saw a band of at least seventy In dians almost within rifle-shot of us. The road struck the hills at a gulch, and they dared not follow us into that They gave vent to their disappointment by shouts and yells and a waste of am munition, and for a few minutes they had no plain view. "Well, we beat them in a fair race," said the Colonel's wife as she descended from the ambulance with the rifle in her hands. " Sergeant Gregg, what are you going to do how ?' "Take cover, ma'am" he replied as he gave her the military salute. "Yes, of course," she said as she looked about. "Did you ever see a pair of mules run faster ? I might have got a shot but for your men behind. There must be near a hundred Indians out there, but I guess we're safe enough now." She rattled on in that fashion while we were t:laking the mules from the amn bulance and unsaddling our horses, Iandl it was a great -e-ight off our mildis to realise that she would not be a burdeni oh our hands. It was idle to thinik of purshing our joturncy in the darknet-s which would soon cloe down, :uul be-i, fore morning thore would lie plhnty oI Indians on tiht tntil beyolnd. W mutst take cover and hope to slandu them offil until help arrived,. or they gruw dish couraged at tlhe siege. Aswe were con I sultlng about loc:ation and defentce the Colonel's wife camn- lack mto hu' from the mouth of the gulclh tand said : "That's the place, ram•- to thei left. mnt-,1 There'sa spring on that hill. with : good growth to shelter all, anl you can eate plenty of bounders. lying about." The ereat had selected the same spot, and in the course of a quarter or an hour we were occupying it. We got the horses and mules up there, but the vehicle was left behind. It was a cone shaped hill amid half-a-dozen such, but it commanded the others. It was covered with pines and cedars of small growth, and there was a splendid spring right on the crest If the Indians had been fierce in their pursuit, or crafty in their plans, we could not have reached it. It was the outbreak of war again with them, and they were overcautious. They drew back into the valley to con sult, thus giving us a fair show, and we were snug enough when night fell, and they made a dash for us, which we easily repulsed. Darkness found us oc cupying a circle about 40ft. across, with stones and boulders and trees for shelter, and, though the situation was an anxious one and full of danger, all were in good spirits. We made a fire between two rocks and cooked our sup pers, and by the use of blankets we put up a tent for the Colonel's wife, though against her protests. After the one single effort of the Indians, which was doubtless more of a reconnaissance than an attack, we were left in peace, though all through the night we heard sounds to prove they were taking up positions on all sides of us and making ready for the morrow. None of us except the woman slept an hour all night long. We used levers to loosen boulders and roll them into the circle, and with our knives we cut off limbs, and cut down small trees to fur ther strengthen our fort. We got the horses into a sort of gully below us, and made the position as safe as possible, and when daylight came there was noth ing more 'to be done. We had above 600 rounds of ammunition, food for three days, and water was at hand. Daybreak found us ready for an at 'tack. The Oolonel's wife took her place, rifle in hand, between two men, and for half-an-hour we expected a sudden rush. At the end of that time a single warrior appeared to view at the base of the hill, and in broken English demanded our surrender. The sergeant answered him that we were ready for them, and at the same time fired a shot which roiled the red?k-in's pony over. Three minutes later there was a circle of fire about us. Indians hbd mounted into trees to the right and left of us to get a plunging fire, and from the tops of two lower hills they poured in their bullets at random. We simply crouched down behind the rocks and smoked our pipes, pleased that they were throwing away their cartridges. At the end of an hour they ceased firing. Not-a man of us had been touched, but stray bullets had killed one of the mules and wounded two horses. There would be a rush now, and as we made ready for it the Colonel's wife sank down beside me, and quietly said: " I've tumbled over sage hens and jackrabbits, and I ought to be able to hit an Indian. Do I look frightened ?" Y" ou are as white as a ghost, ma'am," I answered as I turned to her. " But I'm all right," she smilingly said, " and here they come." So they did. With every painted war rior yelling at the top of his voice,,the entire band charged us at once, taking in the whole circle. It was not until they got close up that we could see any thing to Shoot at, and every few seconds the sergeant cried out to us to hold our fire. It was over in a minute.: They did not expect to find us entrenched, and we knocked them over like ninetmns. I be leve we killed or wounded aTiflT score, and it took the fight out of them so thoroughly that not a rifle wasfired at us again until afternoon. Then, soon after 2 o'clock, and without the slightest warnhing, we were charged again, and for three minutes it was a wild melee. We fired into their very faces as. they 'prang upon the defences, and two warriors were shot down inside-our fort, and both by the Colonel's wife. It was their final and supreme effort,- and well it- was for us that it was thus. When we had beaten them off Sergeant Gregg and another man lay dead, four men were badly wounded, and they had cut our animals out of the gulch ahd run then] off. - Had the attack lasted a mlnute longer or been renewed, two men and a woman alone would have opposed it. Abd amn6g the queer things of that last dash was the behaviour 'of the Colonel's wife. With my own eyes I saw her shoot down the two warriors who had leaped the :breastwork. and I believe she killed two or three more out side of it, and yet when the attack had been repulsed the little woman fell over in a dead faint, and for ten minutes we believed her dead from a bullet.- When she came back to life she had a fit of weeping, and when that was over she turned to and attended our hurts and was ready for another brush. We put in another night right there, not knowing that the Indians had drawn off, but soon after sunrise next morning were relieved of all anxiety by. the -appearance -of- a scout, who passed on and sent us aid from the fort. The Colonel's, wife did not get down to the railroad, for that was the opening of a war which lasted for months, but .there was no blame at tached to any of the living who re turned to her. On the contrary, the old martinet of a Colonel took each one of us by the hand, breaking over " mili tary etiquette" once more in his life, and said : "You did well, my man, 'and here's my hand on it, and I won't forget you r" -" San Francisco Chronicle." 