LOKD hopetoun. ARRIVES AT FREMA'NTLE. STILL WEAK AND ILL. WILL TRAVEL TO LARGS BAY. RECEPTION, IN WEST AUSTRALIA. Perth, December 6. The absence of reliable information as -to j the movements of Lord Hopetoun after bis arrival at Fremantle, and the desire of the home authorities that no reception should take place on account of his ill-health, ac counted for the fact that no arrangements •were ' made • for formally welcoming the Governor- General. The -overhead railway bridge at. Fremantle had been decorated with hags and foliage, while the words, "Federated Australia Welcomes the Gover-1 nor-General," extended round the sea-end j of the bridge in red lettering on a white j background. .Over the centre of the in scription was a design on calico represent ing the flags of the Empire, enclosing a portrait of the Governor-General. Lord Hopetoun travelled from Colombo in the P. & 0\. mail steamer Victoria, .and he was in such a weakened condition on account of fever that he had to be carried aboard. The steamer was righted from Rottnest at 2.15 a.m., and she entered the river at 5.30 a.m., 'berthing at tire South quay a few . minutes later. By this time the vessels at the wliarf were lined-with bunting from stem to stern, and the mail steamer was similarly dressed. At 8 a.m. the Fremantle Artillery tired U salute at the South quay, and. the guns from, the "Admiral's flagship Royal Arthur -replied. It had been intended that Lord Hopetoun should join the flagship at Fremantle and proceed direct -to Sydney, but Iris plans had to 'be changed, for his medical adviser, Surgeon-Ma ior Philson, deemed it advisable that he should continue his voyage to Largs' Bay' in the mail steamer, and then embark -on the Royal Arthur. His Excellency courteously granted an interview to a representative of "The Ad vertiser" in the captain's cabin, which was placed at his disposal for the voyage by Commander Crewe. " Loid Hopetoun was looking thin and pallid, and seemed generally but a ghost of his former self. .Although rapidly recover ing from his severe attack of malarial dy sentery, the Governor-General bore plenti ful signs of the ravages of the disease. While ready to converse pleasantly, lie de sired to keep away from all political -mat ters, and declined to give any information ! as to whom he would call upon to form the I first Federal Ministry. .With regard to his illness, Lord . Hope-1 toirn said, he had gone to India for a five weeks' holiday, and in tlrat time he had] every reason to believe that the climate j would suit him. For the first 10 days he was particularly well. Then all in one day he was stricken down with fever, and became seriously ill. This was at Meerut. He had to be carried an a dhooly to the train and ^ afterwards -to the naval com mandant's quarters. Finally, he was re moved 'to Government House, Colombo. The attack had developed into a severe form of malarial dysentery. . . - "I am quite fit now," remarked his Ex cellency, hut his appearance belied that statement. "At Meerut," he continued, "I believe I hardly weighed as much as my eldest son. I am. able to dress myself now and -toddle. about. - It '-was only the day before yesterday that I was able to walk about the deck._ I don't want'to see any more of .. India,'' remarks 'his. .Excel-! lertcy, as his thoughts went 'back to the tin- j pleasant experiences he bad encountered j there. . . . j Referring to the illness of Lady . Hope toun, he mentioned that misfortunes never j seem to come singly. Two days before j reaching Colombo Lady Hopetoun took- ill, I and, by the time, the seaport was in sight she was suffering from malarial fever. "Thank God! site is well," exclaimed Lord' Hopetoun, when he was informed of the la- j test cable reports -regarding her condition. ! His Excellency expressed the hope itihat on ! reaching Sydney his wife would, recover quickly, as she* fared far better on land than on sea. "I am a king to -what I was," he jocularly remarked, and 'that could well be ima gined, for lie added that when at Meerut his condition was similar to that of the famine-stricken : Hin doos. Questioned as to .his feelings on returning to Australia, Lord Hopetoun re plied that he was coming back among old 4-an 17 .this rtme TIip friends, and didn't feel .sny this time. The years he had spent in Australia were the happiest years of his. life, and 'he was pleased to be 'back again. It was gratifying to find that people were so kind and thoughtful in remembering one who had left them, though only for a time, for the general rule was that when a man goes he goes for ever. • With reference to the feeling in England concerning the Federation of -the Austra lian "colonies, Lord Hopetoun said great :de light was-felt throughout the United-King dom at the fact that the colonies had en tered into union. When asked if he -had a message to send to the people of Austra lia - he remarked that 'his message would be to the whole of Australia this time, and , not-to any one part of it. He added, jocu larly, that he-would take care not to quote Kipling, but would' consider what message he 'would- send, and he would give it to his-iritendewer later in -thecday. c Lord Hopetoun left the following address to the people:— "It is with feelings of pleasure and pride that I greet the people of United Australia. I "am'-'very deenjy conscious of the heavy responsibility that rests upon my shoul ders ift that T have been selected as the first..representative of her Majesty in this great . Commonwealth: 1 regret" that I should reach its shores'with my health temporarily impaired. I regret also that the serious illness from which she is now mercifully recovering prevents my wife from sharing in the welcome which I know awaits me -on landing at the seat of Go vernment. -I earnestly trust that by'God's blessing'we shall both shortly be restored to health, and be able to give onr best energies, both mental and physical, bo the services of the -nation we so sincerely re spect and love." . .Surgeon-Major Philson, medical adviser to Lord Hopetoun, on being seen, described the Earl's complaint as a severe attack of acute dysentery, which is a very serious mala-dv in India. Lord Hopetoun was very ill when he boarded the steamer at Colom bo, but had improved considerably during die trip. He was still very weak, but was rapidly growing stronger, and was now able to sit out on deck for a few hours every day. He hoped the Earl would be suffi -eientlv'recovered on liis arrival at" Svdnev to go through his necessary official duties," but he would not allow him to participate in socialities for the present. It. had been •intended that the Earl should 'board t'ho Royal Arthur at Fremarifle, but he is edn I tinuing the voyage, on the recommendation of Major Philson that it would be better for him" to proceed to Adelaide on,, the Vic toria and then tranship to the warship. Surgeon-Ala.jor Philson will! remain with Lord Hopetoun until his complete recovery frora his illness. This morning at 7 a.m. the Mayor of Fremantle (Mr. E. Solomon, M.L_4.) paid an informal visit • to the ■Governor General on board the Victoria. The following officers attached to the staff of Lord Hopetoun are on board the Victoria:—Major S. C. Phil-son, .M.D., me dical adviser: Major the Honorable 0. "Wil loughlby, military secretary; Mr. C. S. L. Gore, secretary; Captains B. Cohbett and S. Duff, aides-de-camp. Shortly after 10 o'clock the Administrator V the Government -(Sir. Alex. Onslow), the Premier (Sir John Forrest), the President of the Legislative Council (Sir George Shen ton), and the Speaker (Sir J. Lee-Steere), with a Ministerial party, called on his Ex cellency, and extended a cordial welcome to West Australia. The visit was of a purely informal nature, and took the shape of a quiet conversation on deck, .his Excellency desiring that no 'function should be held on account of the. state of his health. As the Victoria swung out about 11.45 a.m., there was a Targe crowd at the quay, and when still there \vas but a short dis tance between the vessel and the throng the Govsruor-Gener.il elect appeared at the rail Of the steamer. Sir John Forrest imme diately led a rousing cheer for Lord Hope toun, and another was given for Lady Hopetoun. . Lord Hopetoun smiled ana bowed his acknowledgraent. When silence was restored, Lord Hopetoun said—"I hope that I will come to see you very soon. I hope that I wul be in better form then than I am now." The Governor-General elect then called for cheers for "United Australia," and these were heartily given toy the crowd, after wluoh Lord Bjqpefconn wished the peo ple Of West Australia good-bye, and disap peared from the rail. At 12.50 p.m. the last lines were cast off, the steamer was -promptly swung round with her head to sea, 'hearty cheers were given, in which the Premier led off, and the last for some time was seen of our-ffrst Go-' vernor-General. ( The Royal Arthur left at 10 o'clock and the Victoria at 1 o'clock. ■Melbourne, December 6. The Lieutenant-Governor to-day dis patched the following telegram to Lord Hopetoun at Fremantle: — '•Victoria's warmest welcome to your Excellency as well as my own. I trust earnestly that your health is now restored. The people of Victoria have every confidence that, so far as the Governor-General can compass the realisation of our; high and anxious hope and expectation of the Common wealth, you will effect it." The. Premier ye.iteiday telegraphed to Fremantle, wel coming Lord Hopetoun to Australia on be valf of Victoria, and expressing the hope that his health had been restored. The Governor-General repllied to-day as follows: —"Most grateful for kind telegram. Am slowly but surely recovering, Warmest : rards to Victoria)" 