THE MYSTERY OF FAIR HOLME HALL [Alt. Rights Krserved ] ' I Bay, Foirholme, what's this I hear about a mysterious figure being seen to flit around your ancestral home P You surely have not started a family ghost since I saw you last P' . The speaker was a handsome young fellow, luxuriously ensconced in the depths of a big chair drawn up to the library fire at Fairholme Hall. ' Most certainly not. There never has been anything so romantic as a ghost haunting the old place, to my know ledge,' replied his companion. hiB senior by some years. ' It was some silly story invented by a moonstruck housemaid frightened at her own shadow,' he con tinued, stooping to knock the ashes out of his pipe. ' My wife and I did our best' to convince the girl of the absurdity of the tiling, but it was no good; she declared nothing would induce her to live with a ghost. She left, and being a girl from the village, of course the story got all over the place.' He spoke care lessly, but a close observer would have detected a tinge of anxiety inhis voice. ' You are not given to nerves, so I need not fear .leaving you. in this reputed haunted house, though all the same I am awfully sorry to have to go oft just as you get here, Singleton.' ' My dear fellow it is not your fault.' 'WeH,no: it is my bounden duty to attend my father-in law's funeral, and my wife being a bit shaken with the fort night'e hard nursing I don't like her travelling alone the next day.' Hugh Singleton was not inclined for sleep that night so sat reading for some time by his bedroom fire, getting so interested in the book that when lie dis covered the other volume had been left in the library he determined to go in search of it. To hiB surprise, the gas, though turned low. was still burning, and the French window slightly open. ' I suppose Fairholme is taking a noc turnal prowl round the premises,' he I thought, as he began searching for the I book among a heap of magazines and | papers that littered a table near the win dow. He stood facing the garden, and had just found the object of hiB search when a figure in woman's dress appeared at the window; then, seeing him, glided . away. At the same moment Mr. Fair holme softly opened the door. l ' I say, Fairholme,' whispered Hugh, peering cut into the darkness, ' 1 be lieve there is some truth in that girl's story after all. I distinctly saw a woman pass just now. Supposing we go out and investigate P' i '? Nonsense.' returned the other lightly. ' It must have been your fancy. I have had a few things to see to before starting, the room was hot, so 1 opened the window. You saw the branches of that chestnut moving in the wind, and by this half-light took the movement for a passing figure.' Hugh was unconvinced, but, seeing the other seemed anxious to shut up the house for the night, went back to his room. ' As there is not a breath of wind, those branches could not have been stirred,' he said to himself. ' 1 will watch carefully to-morrow night, when I have the place to myself.' But though he sat up till past three, with eyes and ears on the alert, every thing remained perfectly quiet. The next night he lazily awked himself j whether he should repeat the experi ment, decided that it was not worth the trouble.and prepared to have a final pipe before turning in. As he stood by the fireplace, idly drumming on the wains- i cot. and wishing that his friends were back to cheer his solitude, be began to whistle, ' Ah ! che la morte.' He had ' heard the song well sung a few days pre- 1 yiously, and the tune had been running in his head ever since. Presently to his astonishment, he felt the panel begin to slide from beneath his fingers, a hollow space became visible, and from it step with the most beautiful chestnut hair he had ever seen. For an instant they stood gazing at each other in speechless 1 dismay, then, with a stifled cry, the girl turned to the opening again : but Hugh caught her firmly by the wrists. ' Stop ! '~ he said, authoritatively. ' You must explain what you mean by coming into the room in this extraordi nary fashion. ' Mr. and Mrs. Fairholme both know I am here,' she answered. ' I think you are their friend, Mr, Hugh Singleton, from the description they gave me of him.' Then, as Hugh continued to hold her firmly, she added, imploringly : ' If one of the servants found me here, it might mean my death. 1 only came be cause I heard the -signal, and thought Mr. Fairholme had come back sooner than he expected.' ' But I gave no signal,' said Hugh, touched— in spite of hiB suspicions that Bhe was the accomplice of some thief — by her pale, frightened face and quiver ing lips.' ' Someone tapped on the panel, and then whistled ' All ! che la morte,' I thought it was all right when I heard that, so touched the spring and came out/' ' The servants went to bed long ago, and there is no one besides myself stay ing in the house, so you are perfectly safe,' Hugh said, ' Before I let you go, you must tell me your name, and why it is you are hiding here.'1 ' My name is Valerie St. Leger, and I am hiding because ' ? she hesitated a moment — ' I am accused of having murdered someone. The evidence is strong against me, and unless I tell the name of trie person who I know really did the deed, and give the proofs that would condemn her, they might hang me if I fell into their hands*. You will keep my secret ; you will not let anyone know lam here P' '? I swear I will not. But you look aw f 11 1 1 17 nnlu * Inf. mp trot, vnn anmu irinu ff She shook her head. ' I am not ill ; it is only that I have missed the air lately. Since Mrs. Fair holme left it has not been safe for me to come out every night.' ' Ah ! you are the ghost, then ; my eyes did not deceive me two nights ago.' | ' No ; you gave me a terrible fright when I saw you standingthere. I had not ' been out for a week, and I was beginning ; to feel so faint that Mi .Fairholme saidAwe would risk it for a few minutes. He had gone to fetch something for me to take when you came in. Seeing a man stand incr bv the table, in th« dim licrht. I miR- ' took you for him, and was just going to speak when I found out my mistake.' '* But, surely, you don't live behind that panel P ' 'Oh, no I that is the entrance to a paB sage that leads to a flight of steps built in the thicknesB of the wall. At the bot tom you come to a little room called ' The Priest's Hole.' That is where I have been living for the last two months.' ' You poor child I ' said Hugh, com passionately. ' 'No wonder you look pale. But I wish you would tell me the whole story.' ' It would take too long to-night, and it is never Bate for me to come out in the day.' i ' But cannot I go to yon ? ' . ''Not until the Fairholmcs ore back. There would be no one to* signal to you that the coatst wa* dear thiB side. My safety lies in the fact that hauly any one knows that there is a secret passage behind the wainscot. I oome up and stand there sometimes for change of air. That iB how I heard you tapping to night. The signal is tapping., while whistling an air from ? Trovatore ' , to deaden the noise of the raps. It weald -not do to always whistle the same tune so we chose an opera with popular airs in it. Good night. I dare not stay lon ger now.' She sprang into the opening and closed the panel before he bad realised what she waB going to do. When the Fairholmes arrived next day Hugh drew his host aside and told him of the discovery he had made the pre vious evening. ?' It's a bad business for Valerie, poor child,' said Mr. Fairholme. ' She is as innocent of the crime as you are, and yet has to submit to this imprisonment or betray hei half-sister.' ' What a horrible alternative ! But who is she P ' ' The only child of a friend— long since dead — to whom I waB under a great obligation. He risked his life to save mine, in fact ; so when I heard of the ? terrible strait to which his daughter was reduced I willingly agreed to help her.' ' I am very curious to hear the whole story.' Hugh said. ' She shall tell you the. details herself later on. In a nutshell, the facts are these. Valerie's mother had made a runaway marriage with someone greatly her inferior in the social scale. That was before she ever saw Mr. St. Legur. The affair was hushed up. and the first hus band dying soon after, it was decided (for family roasons. which I cannot enter into now, to keep the marriage a secret. When the child. Eunice was born, Ehe was placed with a family abroad, and brought up in entire ignorance of her parentage. Miss Hilton— the aunt who adopted Valerie after her parents' death — of course knew about it. but \ alerie herself never even suspected she bad a siBter. Unluckily, the true facts of the case came to Eunice's ears ; she went to her aunt, and a violent quarrel en sued, Eunice declaring she had been kept out of her rights, and deprived of a portion of her mother's money. The two slaters are so much alike that, nn one having seen Eunice come to the house (she had been admitted by an old nurse, who had always taken her part), the girl who was Been to leave Hilton's room immediately, after the quarrel was believed to be Valerie. Miss Hilton was found on the floor dead, having struck her ' forehead against the marble curb when Eunice, in the heat of passion, had pushed her violently aside. The nurse managed to get Eunice away dressed in boy's clothes, Valerie meanwhile having come here and implored me to protect her. When the affair Iian blown over a bit we Bhall try and get her abroad, but of course, just at present sue is being sought for everywhere.' Hugh paid many a visit to the Priest's Hole during hiB stay, and when he left it was with Valerie's promise to be hiB wife, if everthecloud of suspicion which rested on her should be lifted. She would never marry unless hei name was cleared she told him. They had not long to wait before death released the ill- fated Eunice from the burden of remorse that lay so heavily upon her ; and her full confession re moved all doubt of Valerie's innocence. 