Frank Parkef er's Stratagem WM. RAYNOR. 'f [COMPLETE IN TEIS ISSUE.] .- [oovrmoHT.] gORAH Bnlmer jf nat in tho par Vw W lour of her |i U father's houso \ B nt Smartfltono i \ I in Vorkalilro. ^ | Boforo licr wn.1 \|] nn open nowa \| paper which f a bud boon do iivcred by (lio postman a few minntca pre viously. It w « s the Wurry way o (Auotralia] Mercury, (ind thorn whs rnin parasrraph wliieli hnrl boon marked in rod ink apparently to call Norah's attoution to it. ' I DEATHH. HOBNOASTLB.-OI, Satunlay, «10 811, Sep. I tomber, at Wiirrywuyo John Stuart Hom | raatlo, need 22 years, of dyso.itcry, after an j illness of only two days. ' j Norah stared at the paper with dry eye* [her lips drawn tightly logntlier with an ex presHion of inward agony on hor face Thou nature oiimo to her relief, and uho soblied piteously. t ', ?Cam,!'vh? orifld- ' Oll- mr P'or, poor Jack ! Tho lijrht of my lifo iH blotted out.' And it scorned as if Rh0 spoko truly Instead of tho brink, happy Norah of old, she became ns if by tho touch of a niajjician'H wand a plodding, careworn yountf woman, going: about her work in hor father'B hoime without heart, and simply as a matter of duty I and routine J i In one short day sho appeared to havo n'-ed ; ton years. D i Norah's father was a grocer, but his trade was not flouritihiiw. Ho wan a shopkeeper of tho old school; competition had arisen which ho could not cope with ; and that and an unfortunate tendency, on his part to drown his cares in the cup that inebriate^ had sent him on the downward path. By far bi.s largest creditor was Frank Parketer, a youn^ man of means who had succeeded to a .rood Iwholesalo grocer's business ; and Frank had Ifallen hopelessly in lovo with Nornh Balmer !— hopelessly, beoauso hor heart wan already givontoJuckHorncatit.10. Frank, however i was a persistent suitor, and had more than' .once intimated to old Samuel Balmer that if ?he could luduco hif. daughter to accept him ,he would wipo ofl all his debts and practically , pension the old man off. i To do Mr. Balmer justico, ho had not, i hitherto, pressed Norah on tho subject Ho respectod her love for Jack, and now that ;Jack was dead, after allowing time for thu i first passionate grief to subside, ho gently put it to her whether Bhe could not brin- ' ?herself to marry Frank Parketer and savo i her old father and herself from ruin. , Norah did not care what happened to her, ' and she allowed herself to be led liko a lamb ' I Frank Parketer's and Norah's Ustea did inot prove to be in common. Fast, fond of a ? town hfe, and a little given to betting, he ? soon gor, tired of his handsome, quiet wife i und, seeking those pleasures that were con ; genial to him, he left her at home to care for ? their only child, a girl. Noruh. Mrs. Parketer passively submitted to hi* I neglect ; and when, after six years of w.-dded I life, her husband died from the effects of dissipation, leaving his affairs so involved that iBho was thrown on the world almos. ! Penniless, she applied herself witi quiet ; fortitude to tho task of earning bread for ? herself and her daughter. Ah a mother sho loved her little Norah devotedly, though her oastl*0 l° * ' Wa° bU'ed WUL Jack Hon» 0a8te' ? f- Little Norah was 'little' no longer. Although only sixteen sho was tall, with a sclato and pensivo expression whioh gave her an«pPearuuco of being older than she really I Mrs Purketer had contrived to keep hor daughter and hornelf by means of her uesdle, but her sight .had lately been failing, and the doctor told her that she must givo her eyes a cnuipl.-te rest or she would very likely go blind. This seemed impossible, bat younj Norah had set herself to luarn shorthand and \- typewriting, and was now trying hard to obtamu Mt.uatj.on, so M by hnr earnings to . let her mother havo tho rest, she required w»r'l! *i'TUred advB«'l'«™'ent8 »nd eagerly watche. the postman on his rounder but [dtsappondment h.ul hitherto been her lot. u.m . I I'TT1 °'° lllomiu-- there wua tho unusual but welcome 'rat-tat.' ' Mother, mother ! ' shecried. 'I'vegott. letter. , I a,,, to tio and see the geutlomau tliis morning It'8 at the .Australian Wool Agency ii, Moorgate street.' durlii, 'r''y G°d you may bo successful, my Nnr^'l 2 am.fu^lBhil11 ?et tho place,'oried 1 1 shall »UP J J bave a Pw^timont that i 'Ah. child, presontimeuts, when they are ot gond furtuiie. aro innxflv tJ,......i,... ».„.._ -t , NurH|, ||H,,dud her a typewritten uoto. P,.,b V'' H''lca8tle wUl be glad if Miss iHricotar will call upon him to-morrow niorninjr m, eieven o'clock.' ? ? w H't''''istl' J ' 'nunuured Mrs. Parkoter. How diuVwit h would aU bllV0 been i{ Jnek had not died.' *^ 'What did you say, mother?' usked in.' Nn',J'il1'?- n'y darling. I was OI1]V think -ff. The name of Horncaxrle reminded me »»mJTne ;Vh'm L.kliew --'ears ''-''? If tLe * L ..g' i' for ''7tn''X i' the way of good ?ok, she adrte,!. with a ghost of a Jnile, you oiighttobosucoussful?' Norah. anxious .not to bo late, arrived in Moorgate street full ten minutes t,«, soon. The youth who wus in the offion know her errand, and the idea of this tall, ladylik- girl being hw fellow-clerk was curious to him ile retiHtvivi Via., ^i. „ ..^ ? . - . r-.u,, / T, '''' a oiouigo mixiuro ol atiy lespect and familiarity. ' 'Air. Hornoastle hasn't come yet, miss,' anH ?*- 8 ?Ot ' ?narket dttv- -ou k'°w. and hes never here before eleven on 'off QHyn ' i'will w^ait ' y°U-' Bhe auswered '»-nidly. hn'l??^8 a °hair' miss'' ?8aid the olerfc. 's ho shifted one towards her. ?' Tho guvnor's pu^tiud'6 re at el6Ven- He-B ^fully The ten raiuuteH seemed an ago to Norah, but premsely as the clock in tho Bank of ^Mglaud clanged out tho hour the offics door was thrown open, and a fine, broad houldered. athletic-looking man of about v vJl J**™ u agGl °r porLaPa ll Iittlp more S \v. n°.?]a'™* at the girl who was 'ttuijy m the wilad-in space that did duty for ffHlr^y'^ he staredat horBO ^^ly , , J You've called in answer to my ..oto haven't youP' he snid, as he nntfoad JUttoS' y''M 8°OnH8 1 haVe °PBned ''-' m-3l!?,letter8, Wer iow a'd ''''Portant that fl» O1 ', ''''tuoru were were quioklv thrown aside. But Mr. Honioartlo sat wi & tw ohw on his hand in deep thought otraugo!' he muttered. 'I selected is^ss^' th° very iraa«e °f °* w2hw'v; reilK11'ljwcd -*nt tho 'imago' Xw*'n *' a' ° °alled f0r her to bo .he'arTfnnaTt-fi!'il'Urketer'' ll08aid. m ;wou[i f f . p,,'ced tt chllir whwe the -W«t . typew,-^ ?' UP°n hCr' ' YoU «ul «'» thB I ?.IV,WI'' llw-vpu'«« mid trembling. 1 have learnt it, sir.' she replied. 'But *?-— I vo nut had a situation refc/ 'Imo/' he said, 8tnninKlr. «-And «io Mea of applying for one fiurriS, ,o« a Ui£ Well, now, flupposo you tflko o note of a letter in .horthand niu! then typo it at tho .machine, no that I o.m me how you manage it. Tako your timo now, nnd .W't bo too anxious. I am quite willing to mnko all allowances for you,' ho uddod kimllv. Ihis big, strong gentleman was very nico and reassuring, Norah thought, and it gave her courage. Sho took tb'o note from his dictation nnd typed it absolutely without mistake. ' That's famously done,' ho said. And ho offered her a wage which was considerably more than sho had Q.ipected. .. « Y°,' Can HUiTt ^-morrow,' ho continued. But beforo you -jo might 1 nsk you a few questions aa to yourself t' Norab crunsonpd as sl,o oponcd bor little satehoj. 'I quite forgot, sir,' sho answered. 'I havo a letter lfcro as to my character from our nWyninn and ulso Jne from tho firm iibili'10' '''H ''°rkcd for 'H t0 our r««pect ' 1 did not moan that,' ho replied, with a wavo of tho liand. ' I am^atJsfiod with you without anything of tlwt sort. But you remind me forcibly of someone clso. 'Whero wore you born P' Tho abruptness of the quosliun startled her. , . 1~.1 ':aH bor» it '^martetono in York sin re, sir.' ?'Very extraordinary! Very extra ordinary !' he exHnimed. 'Have you any one of tho name of Balmor in your family ?' ' My mother's maiden name was Balmer ' who said. 'It's strange,' ho cried. 'I thuughl that I know overy family in Smnrlstono, lincl yet 1 only know one Balmer. Samuel Balmer tho grocer.' ' ' Ho was my grandfathoi-. sir. I recollect, him well. Ho died when 1 was six years oJ.i, just btforo my own father died.' Mr. Horncastlo jumped from his chair and walked tho rooru excitedly. 'la your mother's numo Norab liko yours P' ho asked. ' Yen, her nanio's Norah, sir.' 'Thon 1'vu been wiekodly imposed upon,' ho cried. And, shouung to thu vouth in tno oflice, ho told him to feuh a cab immediately Iben ho uulooked a safe and t«ok a small packed of newspapers from a drawer. And in less than half nn hour a cab con taimmj Mr. Hornoustlo and tho wondering Worah drovo up to tho littlo houso at High bury, whero nho and her mother lodged ' 'Norah!' 'Jack!' And Mr. Hornonstlo'u newly-engaged lady clerk wan astounded to sen her employer seize hor mother, who started sobbm' hysterically, and clasp her to his breast. C ' I cannot have you for a clerk, Norah,' - mid Jack Honicastlo, after ho had heurd her ' uiother k .story. ' You must bu my dau-hter instead.' a ' 'But, .Tiiok!' ci-iod Mrs. Parketer. 'I ' don t understand it. Your death was adver- ' tiaed in the paper.' ' ' So was yours, ,ny love-» },o said. '1 ' have rtin old «,py of tie Smarktouo Chronicle ', in my pocket. Look!' ' And Mrs. Parkrter and young Norah read I tne advertisement of the fonner's death. [ 'Yei., it's in that paper,' said Mrs. ' Parketer. 'But I en, swear it wasn't the roa SmartBtone C- romcte. because father [ :ook it evel-y weak, atid— and it's absurd !' j -_.... — ? ,.^t M,,vc iiucsiiieii cne papers l-oth in Australia and in England,' said Jack. Some villain ? ' 'Hush, Jack,' she said, cently. 'It imibt have been Frank. He's d~ead.' And so it proved. Jack mot a man in London some time afterwards who had been at Wurrywiiyo, and who knew a printer in the newspaper office, a relative of Parketer's. On hm deathbed this printer had confessedto Jack « informant that be had altered the type by arrangement with Parknter, after the regular copies of the paper had been printed, and had inserted a false notice of Juck's death in it. 'It seemed to haunt him in his dyintf hour,' satd the nmli. 'Ho told me all about it, and made me promise to try and undo any mischief that might have been doiw. But it was so long ago that I thought it better not to take a-uy notice.' ' But how about tho Smartstono paper ?' queried Jack. ' Oh. of courso, Parketer must have played the same trusk there, too! He bribed some body in tho office to strike off ono fal«e print. It would bo ««aj enough if tho paper wasn't s oreotrped.' 