Federation. ? -»— ? : ? — -. / . ????? V\ ARRIVAL OF LORD HOPE- . \- TOUN. NO OFFICIAL CEREMONY. (By Telegraph.) (From Our Own Correspondent.^ PERTH, Dec. 6. The R.M.S. Victoria, with Lord Hopetoun^ aboard, berthed at the Soulh Quay, Fremantlc,at 6 o'clock this morn ing. The wharves and the vessels m front were decked with bunting, arid a Royal salute was fired. The Premier a.nd the other Ministers, the President nf the Legislative Council, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, and a large aum ber of members of Parliament and many, leading public men were present at the wharf to welome the Governor-General, but, in deference to the wishes of trie latter, there was no ceremony. Lord Hopetoun is .sufficiently recover ed to be able to sit W deck and move about, but he looks very thin and pale. He was interviewed by a representative of this journal, but avoided any iiifi, tion of political topics. He said that his health was steadily improving, and that he was greatly relieved ' to hear of the improvement in . Lady Hopetoun's 'health since he left Colombo. Lord Hopetoun left the following, ad dress to the people of Australia :— 'It is with feelings of pleasure and ? pride that I greet the people of United Aus tralia. I am very deeply\ conscious of tlie -lieavy responsibility that rests upon my shoulders in that- 1 have been selec ted as the first representative of her Ma jesty in this great Commonwealth. I regret that I should reach its shores with ? my health temporarily impaired. . I re- ' gret also 'that the serious illness from . which she is now mercifully recovering prevents my wife irom sharing in the' welcome which, I knoWj awaits me on landing at the .seat of Government. I earnestly trust that, with God's blessing, we shall .both be shortly restored to health and be able to give our best energies, both mental and physical, to the services of the nation we' so sincerely respect and love.' Major Philson, Lord Hopetouoi's medi cal adviser, in an interview with .your representative, said that his Lordship was steadily improving, but he deemed it. inadvisable that he- should tranship to the Royal Arthur, and the Governor General would therefore continue in the mail steamer; to Adelaide,- where^ he hoped that it would be safe for him to board the flagship-., The Royal Arthur left at ip o'clock this morning, and the Victoria at noon.: -Later. The absence of reliable information* as to the movements of Lord Hopetoun on his arrival at Fremantle, and the desire of the Home authorities that no reception should take place- on acco'Umt' of his ill- health, accounted^for the fact that no arrangements were made for formally welcoming him to Australia., The overhead railway bridge at Fre mantle had been decorated with flags and green stuffs, whilst, the inscrip tion, 'Federated Australia, welcomes the Governor-General,' extended along! the end of the bridge in. red lettering on a white background. Over the centre of the inscription cwas a design on calico represetntiing the various flags of the Empire, enclosing a painting of the Governor - General. 1 ' ? The R.M.S., Victoria,, which Lord Hopetoun boarded at Colombo in such! a weakened condition on account cf his attack of fever that he had' to be carried aboard, was sighted from Rott 'nest at a quarter past 2 o'clock this ?morning, and entered the river at half past five, berthing at the South Quay a few^minutes later. By' this time the: vessels at the wharf 'were lined with, bunting from stem to stem, and the. mail steamer was similarly dressed. At 8 o'clock the Fremantie Artillery fired a salute at the South Qiiayj and the guns of the Royal Arthur replied. It' had been 'intended that Lord Hopetoun should join the flagship at. Fremantle and proceed -'direct to Syd ney, but these plans had to be changed, for his -medical, adviser, Major Philson, deemed it advisable that'he should con tinue his voyage to Adelaide in the mail steamer, and then embark in the Royal Arthur. . When the steamer had berthed, his Excellency^ immediately granted your representative an interview in the cap tain's cabin, which was placed at his disposal for the voyage by Commander1 Crewe. Lord Hopetoun was looking thin and pallid, and seemed only the ghost of his former Self. Although, rapidly recovering from his sevei-e at tack of malarial dysentery. Lord Hope toun bore plentiful signs of the ravages? of the disease. While ready to con verse he desired to keep away from political matters, and, ini reply to the interviewer, said that he could give no information as to whom he wduli call upon to form the. first Federal Min istry. - With regard toi his illness his Excel lency said he had gone to India far five weeks' holiday,and,at that time, he had every reason to' believe the hot climate would suit him. ' ' Fo-r the first tan days lie was particularly well, and then all in one day he was stricken down with fever, and became seriously ill. ? This1 'was at Meerut. He had to' be carried in a dhooli to the train,- and afterwards to the Naval Commandanfs quarters, and finally to the Government House, Co lombo. The attack had developed into a severe formvof malarial dysentery. 'I am quite fat now,' remarked his Ex cellency (but his appearance -belied it), 'for at Meerut I believe I hardly weighed as much as my eldest son. I am able to dress myself now and toddle about' It was onlv die day before yesterday that I was able to walk about the deck.' 'I don't want to see. any. more of India,' remarked his Excellency, as his thoughts went, back to the unplea sant, experiences ? he had '. encountered there. Referring to the illness of Lady H-opetoun, he mentioned that misfor tunes never seemed to come singly. Two days before reaching. Colombo, Lady Hopetoun took ill, and, by the time the seaport was in sight ishe was suffer ing from malarial fever. ' 'Thank God she is well;' said Lord Hopetoun when he was informed of the latest cable re ports regarding her condition. His Ex cellency expressed the hope that on reaching Sydney . he would recover quickly, as he fared far better, on land than on the- sea. 'I am a king to what I was,' he jocularly remarked, and the reporter could well imagine it wthen his Excellency added that when at Mee rut his condition was similar to1 that of the famine-stricken Hindoos. _ Questioned as to his feelings on return ing to Australia, Lord Hopetoun replied that he was coming' back amongst old friends, and did not feel shy this time. , The five years he had spent in Aus tralia were the happiest years of his life, *n4 Jie was jjkasad . to hm. kacJi, again. It was gnctiiying to find that people v«9 - srf kind rndj&oughtful; in remembeving1 on* whr had left them, though only for a time for the general rule was that when a man went away he went for ever. With reference to Ithe feeling in England at the Federation of the Aus tralian colonies, Lord Hopetoun said that great delight was fedt throughout the Kingdom at the fact that the colo hies had entered into union. When asked if he had a message to send to the people of Australia, he remarked Hi at the message would be to the whole1 Df Australia- this time, and not to any Dne part of it. He added jocularly that he would take care not to quote Kipling, but would consider what mes sage he would send, and would give it to his interviewer later in the day. Major Philson, medical adviser to Lord Hopetoun, on being seen by your representative, classed the Earl's complaint as a severe attack of acute dysnlery, which is a very serious ma lady in India. ' His Excellency was very ill when he boarded the' steamer at Colombo, but had improved consider ably during the trip. He was still very weak, but was rapidly growing stronger, and was now able to sit out on deck tor a few hours every day. The .- major hoped the Earl would be suffi ciently recovered on his arrival at Syd ney to go through the necessary official dut'ies, but ne woiiia not allow him to participate in socialities for the pre sent. ! It had been intended ' that the Earl snould ; board the flagship Royai Arthur at- Fre ic/antlcJ, buit the recornmerid;a't3on of Majof^Philsbn that it would be better y for him to pHacted to .Adelaide in the Victoria and then tranship, to the war ship, was naturally adopted., Major Philson will remain with Lord 'Hope toun until 'his complete recovery from his' illness. At 7 o'clock this morning, the Mayor of Fremantle, Mr. E. Solomon, M.L.A., paid an informal visit to tihe GQvernor General on board the Victoria. ' .The following- officers attached to the Staff of Lord Hopetoun are on boaard the Victoria: — Major S. C. Philson, R.A.M.C., medical adviser ; Major the Honorable C. Willoughby, military sec- , 'retary; C. S. Leveson-Gower, 'Esq., sec retary, and Captains B. Corbett and S. Duft, aides-de-camp. Shortly after u o'clock the Adminis trator, Sir Alex. -Onslow, the Premier, the President of the Legislative Coun cil, and the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, and a- Ministerial party. called on his Excellency and extended to him a welcome to' West Australia. The visit was of a purely informal nature, and took the form 'of a quiet conversa tion on deck, his Excellency desiring that no function should be held on ac count of the state of his health. ? As the Victoria swung o-ut about 1 1.45 there was a large crowd at the quay, and when still there was a short distance be tween the vessel and the throng on the pier, . the Governor-General elect ap peared at the rail of the steamer. Sir John Forrest immediately led rousing cheers for Lord Hopetoun; and another cheer was given for Lady. Hopetoan. Lord' Hopetoun smiled and bowed his acknowledgment. When silence was restored he said, 'I hope that I will come to see you very soon. I hope that I will' be in better form than I am now.' (Cheers.) -The GovernorGene ral-elect \ then ? called for cheers for United Australia, and these were hear tily given by the crowd, after which Lord Hopetoun wished the people of West Australia good-bye; and disap peared from the rail. . At half-past 12 the last lines were cast off, and the steanier was promptly swung round with' her head out to sea. Hearty cheers were then given, which the Premier led, and the last for gome time was seen of the first GovernorGe neral. ' I MELBOURNE, Dec. 6. 'A statement published here this morn-, tag that Mr. E. Barton had been in formed- that -he- would be expected to form the first Federal Ministry is not taken ' seriously by ' politicians and others.' The general opinion is that nothing is likely to be done -uoitil Lord Hopetoun arrives. Mr. Barton's ex plicit denial of the statement is only what, was expected, as no. one here be lieved the report' to be. any more than conjecture, although' given on. alleged reliable authority. Sir George Turner says he has jiot .been approached in any way, but unof ficially he has heard Nthat Mr. Deakin is to be one; of the provisional Ministers. Everyone here, Ministers, politicians, and public, admits that Mr. Barton is the most likely man to be sent for, al though it is contended that Sir Wm. Lyne must be considered. The Victorian Government has ap proved cf the recommendations of the Military Commandant as to the repre sentation of the .colony at the ' Commonwealth inaugural cere-, monies. A corps 500 strong, com posed of men from the Field Artillery Brigade, Garrison, Artillery, Engineers, Mil'tia Infantry, Mounted Rifles and -; Rangers, Army Servin- Troops, Ambu lance Corps, Scottish Regiment, and Seniorf Cadets wijl represent the colony's actual' defence force, and in addition there will- be 100 men selected from the troops 'that have returned from South iAfrica. Lieutenant-Colonel Williams of the Third Battalion of Militia, Ballarat, will be in command of the oorps. Major Geseral Downes is not likely to attend in person but he will be represented by * the Adjutant-General, Colonel Hoad. To-dav the Lieutenant- Governor de spatched a telegram to Lord Hopetoun at -Fremantle sending Victoria's warm est welcome as well as his .own, and trusting that at an early date the Go vernor-General's health would be re Stored. Some days ago the Lieutenant- Go- vernor, at the request of the Premier, ( cabled to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, .cordially inviting the Im perial troops to visit Melbourne. A re ply has been received that they will call at Melbourne for about 48 hours on their homeward journey. , WELLINGTON, Dec. 6. The steamer Tutaenaki, with the Federal Contingent, sails for Sydney on the 20th inst. 