'TVTR .TTIVT ' ORIGINAL STORY. By ' MINNEHAHA.' CHAFTBB I, The shrill hysterical scream of the northern train sounded strangely busy and important, as the one event of the day in the ex-mining town of 6 ? . It passed on, leaving behind it deeper peace, and, if possible, ?greater solitude. Lazily rising to his feet and knock ing his pipe against a post of the verandah, James Mclntyre, or ' Mr. Jim,1 as the people roundabout called Mm, yawned wearily. ' Tea's ready, sor. Sure and Oi can't make out the clock, at all, at all. For the more Oi put it back the more it goes forrard. But its punc tual Oi am to-night for all its capers.' 'Alright Terry; but I think we will wait a bit. and have tea later -on.' Terry went in muttering in a sepulchral voice, ' 0 the strange fits -^ him.' Whistling to 'Jeff,' the dog, Mclntyre went out of his gate, and leaning on a fence rail, looked care lessly at his own broad acres, and the panorama beyond, five in the even ?of the bracing Match day ; far in the distance the stately Blue Mountains, drifting over them masses of soft pink and scarlet clouds. ' Nearer to as are paddocks of dead trees, whioh look like sentinels of the twilight. Threading in and out, now seen, now lost, from behind an incline comes the river, which gradually reaches the end of his own grounds and is again lost in (he distance. In front of his hut on a sloping hill are cattle ?evidently, as lazily inclined as their owner, doited in groups. Nestling well down in the. shadows of the hill, is seen a house, of charming architecture, built in the old English mtyle of red brick and gabled win ?dowa. A garden with fine trees — ' mostly English, too — and vines of twenty year's growth, which climb wilfully up the very chimneys, all aid In giving a picturesque and ideal lriew. Turning from this, the dark-roofed . lint of the ordinary selector's type, skirted by its narrow verandah, seems a strange contrast. , Mr. Mclntyre is a lonely man, This is plainly seen. His face is stern though without hardness ;' one would suspect a twinkle in his eye, if his nabitual expression were not almost miserable. Tall, well built, ?any age between fifty and sixty, ?lean shaven, so. that the lines of firmness and self-suppression are clearly seen. His clothes are not tailor-made, but fit well. Such the portrait of the central figure of thfo country story. ? The sound of a trotting horse, the click of the far paddock gate. ?Strange. Who can that be f Warily coming along, as if being uncertain of his footing, the postman is sighted. * « Letter for you, Mr, Motntyre ; nioe evening/sir.' Onrtly taking the letter from the man,MoIntyre gruffly enough [thanka . him, adding :,' Please tell your post master that my man, Terry, is my postman. I wish no intrusion of ? ?teangers whatever.' ? With.-* olvN 'Good evening, sir,' ' '?'' ' ??* ?''?????'. ? the postman goes off with a firm im pression rivetted on his mind of ' Mr. Jim's ' increasing madnesB. For the country people for many miles have looked on Mclntyre as at least certainly very eccentric, or perhaps, harmlessly insane. - A few hours later inside the little cottage. Terry had cleared away his master's table, almost as untouched as when laid. Still standing lingering, he says : ? Did you see Maieter' Roberts to noight, sor P Oi thought Oi saw the red jacket of him through the black trees there. Like his imperance coming here, Oi go for the post for ye, meself.' ' Yes, Terry ; I told him not to come again and he won't. However, the letter is important and strange, too. Strange, too! God knows I Leave me for a while like a good boy, and I will read a bit. Good night, Terry.' 'Good-night, sor, but ye look strange, and spake loike a ghost. Sure ye frighten me. Tell me whatf s on your moind, sor, and maybe its better ye'll be.' Bousing himself from the reverie into whioh he had fallen, Mclntyre assures the faithful Irishman of his personal good health, and once more Terry retires. The interior of the cottage is in every way a standing proof of Moln tyre's tastes. Intellect and signs of travel are shown j in a word, it is a direct contradiction to the exterior. Arranged on the walls are several good guns, of handsome make — especially made for their present owner — as is seen by the initials ' J.M.,' in silver on the stock of each, and few good pictures. The bright fire burning briskly in the large, bush chimney, lights up everything with warmth in the little room: The much used violin lies on its shelf to-night untouched ; the furni ture plain though comfortable seems incongrauous and out of place in com pany with a rich and massive book case filled with authors of ancient and modern celebrity. No one on glancing at these could gauge the especial favorite of their reader, for his tastes for the last twenty years have centred on books, and he loves themalL He is reading to-night, not a. book, bnt sits with a half dazed expression with the evening's letter in his hand. 'After all these years. My poor darling. Of course I'll do it for her sake.' He is bent ; his head leaning on his hands, the massive figure looks bowed and altered in the two hours that have passed since Roberts brought the late letter. It has fallen to the floor, he picks it it up and once more (reads it over slowly and sadly: — 'Dear James, — After' the years that have passed, it will seem strange to you to hear from me. I ask you to let all bitterness, if any memory of me should remain with you still, pass away, and I feel that if you are at you were twenty years ago, you will have long forgiven me. I am unable to write a lengthy letter. Since the news of the loas of my husband in the wreck of his ship six years ago, 1 have been a confirmed invalid, gradually getting more feeble and ill, till to-day, as I write to you, I know I am dying. My one and only reason for clinging to life has been my boy. His father's people are scattered, my own un known to me in England, ° all far away. My request may seem a strange one, it is to ask you to be bis guardian. To have him do his duty as faithfully and well to you as he has to me is my last wish. I may be in my grave even before you receive this letter. So forgive me if I nave acted hastily in anticipating your answer. I have made arrange ments with Hoare and Ob., my solici tors, Adelaide, that you shall be- guardian of Erie and have control of his income, some £800 per year, which lie will have at my death. ' Erie knows my wishes. You will tell Lim everything. For the first ?time, poor boy, he will leave Adelaide to find (you, and I know that all a motherless and friendless boy would look for he will find in you, ? The same old address, after many enquiries, I found is still yours, and writing the still familiar words makes my hand shake and the tears come to my eyes, and my thoughts wander back to the tame I was the careless, happy girl of 30 years ago. ; ' Your wife and family won't be grudge ray boy a corner in your heart, perhaps ; and the blessing of a dying woman, who feels no sting in leaving her darling in the hands of such an example of sterling goodness and splendid manliness as you ever were, will follow you. Once more, forgive me for what is past. All my last wishes are that you and yours will have aUhappineBB,andperhapsI shall see you to welcome and thank in the next world for all the good you will have done in this. They toll me I must write no more, half supported, my strength gone. Good-bye in' this world for ever. God bless you. Mabum Chetwynd.' So read the letter, which had such a strange effect on ' Mr. Jim.' Fold ing it up carefully and gazing at it vacantly, he tenderly put it into its envelope. Suddenly the postmark attracts his attention; he sees the date of ten days. ' She's been dead to me long enough. Her last re quest, bitter as it may be, my life must be for her boy, now Marian is gone. Hours go by. Still over the fire the man thinks over everything. Strange after all these years that her boy should be coming to him, to tear him from his lonelinesB and misantro phy,an act which nothing but her last wish could accomplish. 'Byjove, eh. One o'cleok, old boy, addressing the dog, Jeff. ' I'll turn in now. I feel like something else, somehow. Fancy another fellow coming, Jeff. Her son. Do you understand that, old boy, eh? Hulloa, how late that trap is going along the road; some one by the express, I expect. It's stopping. Can't be. It's coming through the gate. My God, if s coming 'here, It's Eric coming to me in my loneli ness.' The banging of a door at the back of the house showed that Terry had heard the unfamiliar sounds. Open ing the door of his master's sanctum, the (Irishman pauses ; shielding his eyes with his hand for a minute, as he gazes mutely at the pale, expectant face of his master, his hand still holding the letter. ' Lor I Not in bed f What toime is it now, Oi don't know at all. But the station waggon is coming along, sor. Indade, if they're not upset, they'll be here now, so they wilL ' It may be the son of an old friend coming to cheer us both up a little ; he is very late, though,' says Mcln tyre, trying to speak in his natural tone. Throwing open the door and letting the bright light burst out into the darkness, Mclntyre, with Terry fol lowing, wends his way to the little gate. ' Young gentleman for you, Mr. Mclntyre,' shouts Dave the coach driver, ' and,' adds he, with the easy familiarity of an old resident, 'plenty luggage with him too. Lend a hand with these boxes, Terry.1 ' Well, my lad, I'm very glad to see you. Yes, Eric, delighted to have you, my boy. Come in, lad, and get warm. You've had a long journey.' \- Thank you, sir. Er — but — I will just pay the poor chap, first.' And so in this strange, undemon strative way, the new era in 'Mr. Jim's 'life began. Chapteb II. Next morning broke clear and fresh. Such mornings make every thing Beem tranquil and contented, all the earth seems remvigorated in its new birth, and man himself feels at peace with all things, if he is at all a peace loving individual. Coming out of Mclntyre'a gate is seen not ' Mr. Jim ' but a boy. There is nothing to note in this boy's per sonal appearance, beyond the fact that his straightforward face, his upright young form afid. genial bearing proclaim him the rarest thing one meets — a gentleman. Though only perhaps fourteen, Eric Chetwynd is all this. How mueh there is in the seemingly simple word, may be understood. . The boy stands looking around for some few minutes in a rather be wildered way. And then, as is the custom of boys, begins investigating. Finding his way round to Terry's dominions he finds that worthy busily engaged frying eggs, eto., which performance he mixes with the melody of ' Tara's Halls.' His jolly face, which by the way is a plain one, seems redder than usual, as he moves a burning log to one side of the fire place. 1 Arrah I You're up early,' he says, glaring in an enquiring way at the boy. 'It'll be toired ye'll be this morning, sor ?' 'Oh, no, thanks. I thought I'd have a look round for a bit. It does seem a jolly place. I suppose you've lived here a long time? Quiet little town though.' Terry answers in his merry way this and other boyish questions, briskly preparing the breakfast the while. And in a very little time Eric has a firm and loyal partner in Mclntyre' s faithful servant. Half an hour later 'Mr. Jim' greets the first .guest he has met under his roof for so many years, with a quiet smile. 'Up so early, Eric? Feel pretty stiff after your long journey, don't you?' ' No, sir. I feel splendid, thanks.' And so chatting together they sit down to their meal, and already Molntyre feels what a blank his life would be without this youthful com rade. Terry, well pleased, at the arrangement of things in general, takes expressive side glances . at his master, whose altered countenance together with the ringing, cheerful sound of his voice, makes the Irish man's happiness complete. After they have risen from the table Mclntyre shows Eric his favor ite guns, points out the hide of a buffalo he shot in Queensland years before, and which lies stretched on the floor at his feet, and many other proofs of his prowess as a keen sportsman. Boy-like, Eric Chetwynd enjoys this thoroughly, and feels instinctively what a genuine friend he has in this man, whom, however, he cannot quite understand. Still grieving over the loss of his mother, strange new scenes have for the time made him feel her death less keenly than he otherwise would have done. But he notices that, so far, no word has this new friend, of whom his mother spoke so gratefully on her death-bed, spoken of her. The boy feels at once hurt at this apparent neglect of his dead mother. Taking Mb tobacco pouch from the mantlepiece and calling to Terry for a match, Mclntyre turning to Eric asks him to join him in a stroll and a talk, and so they pass out into the sunshine. In the preliminary way many men have of beginning an unpleasant story, Molntyre puffs and draws at his pipe quickly for a few seconds as they walk along towards the river. At last he says : ' You may wonder at my silence on the one sub ject we are both thinking of so much. Tell me -..about your mother, Eric. Spare no details; her letter was dreadfully sad, and well, anyhow, tell me it again. And with a huski ness that had to be coughed down, he waited for the saddest story a man could listen to. (To be continued.) 