PUBLISHED BV33RY WEDNESDAY AND SATUR DAY MOBNrNG. SATURDAY, AUGUST 4, 1900. THB CHINESE TROUBLE. THE Chinese have the reputation of being good liars. The present out break will not diminish their fame in this respeot. 3?or some weeks # we have been fed upon most sensational telegrams filtered through various channels from Pekin, now proved to be moBtly lies. We have been told of rapine and murder happening all through the northern provinces of China; of the murder of missionaries and their converts; of the destruction of foreign-owned property; of the bitter fury o fthe Boxers against all progress ; of the bombardment of the foreign Legations in Pekin j of the great straits to which the unhappy garrisons of these places were reduced j of the shooting of the wives and chil dren of foreigners by their own hus bands and protectors to save them from worse than death j and finally, of the complete massacre of the unhappy remnant. All this was followed by the light of no newa, or news regarded ds worse than false. The civilized world has suffered for weeks from a painful Chinese nightmare utterly devoid of any relieving lines. Now comes the transformation scene. The horrorB in which we firmly believed have only happened to a very moderate degree, while the in formation we received and discredited turns out to be largely true. As re gards Pekin the Legations were not captured; the foreign residents did not shoot their wives and children; the defenders of the Legations were not butchered or roasted in the burn ing buildings. A good many lives were lost in the defence of the Lega tions, but the defenders were able to beat off every assault. The ambassa dors, all except the representative of Germany,are still alive; Sir Bobert Hart is still alive; Dr.Morrison,the Times correspondent, is still alive; most of the missionaries are still alive. The latest reports Btate that the bom bardment of the Legations has ceased; that a truce has been proclaimed, and that there is a reatonable hope that the foreigners will be preserved till help reaches them. They are not yet out of danger, but it is evident that the Chinese authori ties ha-ve now a wholesome fear of the consequences should any evil befall them. The forward movement of the allies from Tientsin has commenced, and within a few days we shall hear of them outside the walls of Pekin. The ambassadors and foreigners in Pekin, it is said, were offered a safe conduct to Teintsin, but they wisely preferred to remain within the sanc tuary they had to trusting to the ! doubtful promise of the Chinese. We may now hope that the allies will reach them in time and bring them off safely. The preparations of the powers for the safeguarding of their interests in China goes on apace, but their experi ence will show them the difficulty in arranging for a state of war at a long distance from home. They, will better realise now the splendid work done by Great Britain in getting together an. army of 200,000 men in South-Africa fully equipped and supplied with pro visions and stores. The allies have been about as long in getting 30,000 men to Teintsin as were the British in landing four times that number in South Africa. The most recent news indicates that the OhineBe authorities will make an effort to curb the violence of the Boxero, and that the worst is past BO far as the crusade against miaaiona and foreigners is concerned. Nothing can now stop the allies reaching Pekin, and once there the Tung-li Yamen will realise that China will be best served by getting them away with as little fighting as possible. MOUNT GAMBIEB MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY.-The most successful meeting dur ing the session of this Society was held on Tuesday night in the Presbyterian Sunday* school. The President, the Rev. R. A, Caldwell, was in the Chair, and the Vice President and other officers were also present. There was a large attendance. The opening song by Miss MacConchie, Mrs. W. A. Paltridge accompanying on the piano, was well received, and then a royal battle raged round the question "What has been the effect of the Transvaal war on the Aus tralian colonies?" The remarks of the speakers referred more to the coming results than to those which have come about. Mr. W. R. Walter opened the discussion, and dwelt on the consolidation of the Empire and the evidence of military power in Australia, Mr. Hutton's views were very similar. He considered that iu the event of a foreign power making war on England it would have to reckon with the colonies aa an important factor. Mr. Newling confined himself to the influence of the Press in formulating the y}ewfl of the fmtjlig, &§ cgnsideretf that thq telegrams supplied by the Fourth Estate were very often one-sided, and quoted in stances in which friends had been seperatad and blood spilt through arguments arising out of what he considered to be very in judicious statements. Mr. J. MacDonald considered that the probable result of the war would be the loss of our bushmen and in creased commercial aotivity with South Africa. Mr. Kannenberg Bpoke of the large increase in our military companies, and the ! educational improvement gained by those | who took an interest in the war. A break was made in the debate, and Mr. Phillips Bang "The death of Nelson." He had to respond to an encore, and gave "Let me like a soldier fall" with good effect. Mr. Krummel resumed the discussion, and referred to the great latent power in the colonies, a power which he thought the people did not as yet properly realise, but which he hoped the war would fully awaken, and the rise of patriotio literature. Mr. Wilson thought Australia's greatness did not rest on war, and considered that the other speakers made too muoh oapital out of that. Mr. Billing said whatever the results of the war, one thing was certain-that the colonies would have to pay in hard cash for their patriotism. He considered the display of uproarious loyalty on the relief of LadyBmith a disgrace to the people of Mount Gambier. Miss Badenoch here sung the patriotic song "Scarlet and Blue," Miss Gertie Hay play ing the accompaniment. Mr. Snevd believed the best effect of the war was the outburst of loyalty, aud he thought the reputation of Australians as fighters was now firmly established. Mr. Phillips, as a visitor, con gratulated the Society, and hoped that by the aid of the war and federation a great nation would be_ formed in this continent, which would assist in colonising South Africa when British arms had prevailed. The evening closed with a pianoforte selection by Mr. W. ffay. j THE WEATHER was extremely inclement on Thursday night and yesterday, and a good deal of rain fell. Yesterday afternoon a thun derstorm with hail passed over the town, and it was very cold. The forecast for to-day Btates that it will be generally oloudy, with coastal showers, and somewhat squally. For the last three days till 9 o'clock last night the rainfall at Mount Gambiec was 57 joints. IT ia announoed that the annual show in connection with the Millioent A., H., and F. Society will be held on Wednesday and Thursday, October 31 and November 1. AUCTION SALES.-To-day Messrs. Living Bton and Yates offer stock at their yards. At the South-Eastern Bazaar thiB evening Messrs. J. N. Goymour & Co. will conduct a clearing sale of furniture, &c.;, on account of Mrs. J. B. Williams. Messrs. May and Morphett will offer cattle at their yards to day. This firm advertise particulars of a large number of rams they have for sale. On Wednesday next, August 8, Mr. Thos. McCourt will conduct a clearing sale of stock, furniture, &c.;, at the Murrimbum factory, near the Snuggery. INSTITUTE.-The trustees of the Mount Gambier Institute met on Thursday evening, Messrs. Davison (Chairman), Alexander, Spehr, Haig, Glover, Watson, Lewis, and Walter (hon. secretary) being present. A reply was received from Mr. Ashton, artist, of Adelaide, with reference to the rail charge on oertain piotures, stating that a refund of £1 would be satisfactory.-It was agreed to make this refund. Further corres pondence with reference to the use of thei Institute chess-room was received from the Junior Chess Club.-It was resolved that the request be granted on condition that the Club olose its meetings at 10 o'clock, and do not Bmoke in the room. The terms to be 2a. 6d. per night. It was resolved that the rale against non-Bubscribers using the Insti tute should be striotly enforced. With refer ence to the Loan Exhibition being prepared in connection with the Associated Institutes Mr. J. R. Adams, the secretary, wrote, inviting the co- operation of the Mount Gam bier Institute in making the exhibition successful by sending exhibits of curios and any other objects of interest.-It was resolved that the Institute co-operate in making the exhibition a success, and that the secretary be written to suggesting the advisability of inserting an advertisement in the local papers. Accounts to the amount of £10 17s. 5d. were passed for payment. It was agreed to let Mr. H. L. Glover, the metaphyseal healer, have the use of the Committee-room for next Sunday for. £2 2s. There was considerable discussion as to the advisability of going on with the extension of the west-room, as pro posed, and eventually it was deoided that the work Bhould be proceeded with, omitting the chipping of the stone, and adding an ornamental front. From a parcel oi books sent in by Mr. G. Watson 11 were Chosen for purchase. It was resolved that all Louis Becke's works not in the library shoved be procured. \ KILLED BY A FALLING TREE.-A tele gram was received at Mount Gambier last night that Edward Maddern, a young man of 23 years, son of Mr. David Maddern, of near Kaniva, Victoria, had been accidentally killed yesterday afternoon by a tree falling upon him. The deceased was a nephew of Mr. A. H. Ellison and Mesdames R. Hetherington and G. T. Wright, of Mount Gambier, Mr. D. T. Ellison, of Kalangadoo, and Mr. J. M. Ellison, of Tantanoola. This is the third son Mr. and Mrs. Maddern have lost by death within two years. MR. HARRY CO GILL'S MUSICAL COMEDY COMPANY.-Mr. Harry Cogill's new Musical I Comedy Company will open in the Mount Gambier Institute on Tuesday evening next. The name of Cotjill is well known through out Australia, but this will be the first time he has visited Mount Gambier. The com pany he is directing is a comprehensive one. Mr. Cogill announces five complete changes of programme during the season here, and will commence with a sparkling musical comedy "In Town," which has made a big hit in the capitals. We are told-The plot is Bimple, and the piece abounds in capital situation?. The music is of a high class, the whole thing is full of fun, the costumes are handsome, and the staging excellent. The way in which the Duke of Muffshire and hiB family are brought into contact with the professionals of the " Ambiguity " need not be told here, nor the humorous predicaments into which the Rev. Hopkins is inveigled. Suffice it to say that altogether "In Town " is a delightfully fresh and mirthful produc tion, calculated to delight playgoers of all classes, and devoid of cause of offence to any. Mr. Cogill's " Captain Coddington " is one of his most masterly performances, and he is well supported by the following artists Messrs, Bryan, S, Grainger, P. Vomers, Edwin Green, Alfred Bartlett, J. Wal lace, and Thomas Armstrong, Also of the company, and better known to Australian audiences, are Misses Alice Goll mick, Elsie Baxter, May Arlea, Edith Moore, Dinah Osborne, and others. The dancing of Misses Maclntyre, Hamilton, Beard, Stack, Terriss, Delia Boss, and Kitty Gollmick is by no means the least attractive feature of the performance. "In Town" will be followed by .' A Qaiety Qirl." The rices of admission are 3s,, 2s., and 1b, eats may be reserved at Mrs. Newman's. ON Thursday the Hon. G. MacGregor, and Messrs J. T. Morris and J. Livingston, M.P.-'g, introduced Messrs. Sutherland and Mac Donald, of Beachport, as a deputation to the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. L. O'Loughlin) asking ior a tspeoial' grant to repair the main roads in the district of Beachport. The Commissioner informed them that a report would be obtained, and that, in the meantime, the council could draw this year's amount qp tq hglf of l^sfc year's grant.-Advertiser. MB. THOMAS MACKELLAB, of Hamilton, Victoria, died on Thursday at the ago of eighty. He arrived in the sister oolonyin 1848. PBESBYTEBIAN CHURCH.-The result of the voting last Sunday for members to take the place of those who retired from the committee of the church was in fayor qi the old members. Messrs. Win, Mitohell, W. Walter, J. Alexander, G. Watson, John Hay, A. Holtje, and A. Haig were, there* fore, delared elected. DEATH OF THE DUKE OF SAXE COBURG Much surprise and regret was felt when the news came through that the Duke of Saxe Coburg, better known as the Duke of Edinburgh, th8 second son of the Queen, had died suddenly of paralysis of the heart. Some years ago the Duke ceased to be an English subject, and assumed the sovereignty of Saxe Coburg, a German principality. But up till then he was a well known and pro minent personalty in. British circles. He entered the navy at a very tender age, and was popularly known as the Sailor J?rinoe, It is said of him that he loyally underwent all the needed training ia his profession, and took his various promotions on his merits, He had attained the rank of Admiral when he was called to the Govominent of Saxe Coburg. He had nearly attained the age of §6, beipg botn AsgMt 8, Ss wag married in January, 1874, to the Grand Princess Marie, only daughter of Alexander II., Emperor of Russia. The Duke of Edinburgh visited Australia in 1867» while captain of the ship Galatea, and was received with much enthusiasm by the people. He had an unpleasant experience^ in Sydney, when an attempt to murder him was made by a miscreant named O'Farrell, Much sympathy will be felt throughout the world with our aged Queen in this tad bereave ment. MB. R. PENNY, an old Mount Gambierite, who has been prospeoting in West Aus tralian goldflelds for some time, has been rewarded by discovering a lode, whioh promises to turn out something grand. WEST AUBTBAMA AND THE COMMON WEALTH.-The result of the voting in West Australia regarding the Commonwealth Bill is eminently satisfactory. AU through the colony, with the exception of one or two electorates, large majorities pronounced ia favor of union, and the final totals will show that over 2 to 1 of the population are thus minded. West Australia will now join the Commonwealth as an original state. It will be Australia undivided-one flag, one people. The goldfielda were practically unanimous in favor of federation. Mas. ALICE HILLS, B.SO., has been ap pointed Lady Sohool Inspector, vice Miss McNamara, deceased. Her salary will be £200 a year. She was recently associated with Batteraea Polytechnic, London, and has high testimonials. THE hunt after the aboriginal murderers Jemmy and Charley Governor is still being vigorously prosecuted in the Dubbo district of New South Wales. The scrubby character of the country favors the fugitives, and they have so far eluded their pursuers. A large party of police and civilians are out after them. THE GAMBIEB WEST ASSESSMENT.-For some time past the Gambier West Council have suffered from a shortage of money. There are so many roads within the Council area that it they were maintained in an efficient state the revenue would not meet that, let alone a surplus for road construc tion. To provide additional revenue, the Council have decided to make a substantial increase in the assessment. The matter -was discussed at the June meeting of the Coun cil, when Cr. Pegler remarked that there had been a good many complaints about inequalities in the assessment, and he men tioned the Cave and Brewery paddocks as instances where land was assessed too low in comparison with outside properties. It was resolved that the Council meet as a whole and revise the assessment, and the first meeting with this end in view was held on Monday, July 23. At the meeting on Thursday last the Chairman reported the progress which had been made. They had been greatly handicapped for want of funds, he said. Their roads had gone baok, so the councillors desired to make an increase in the assessment. They would get no Gov. ernment subsidy on their rates if they made the rate above Is. in the pound, so the best plan they could adopt was to make an all round increase in the assessment. At his request, the meeting was adjourned till the evening, when the assessment was again gone through, and adopted with the altera tions made. The amount of the assessment for the year 1899-1800 was £18,028 10s., and the alterations made will inorease this amount by about £12,000. The additional rates which will be paid on this and the inoreased Government subsidy will mean a good addition to the revenue of the Council. The principal increases were made on the agricultural and grazing lands of the distriot, it being found that the smaller holdings were assessed more nearly at their proper value. SUDDEN DEATH.-It was reported to the police on Friday morning that a man named Robert Henley had been found dead in his bed at Mr. J. Spain's Commercial Hotel. Enquiries showed that the deceased had been Buffering for some time from a heart trouble, and, as there was no doubt that he had died from natural causes, an inquest was deemed unnecessary. Henley seemed as well as usual on Thursday evening, but in the morning it was found he had died during the night. Deceased, who was 59 years of age, had been employed as a station cook in the South-East for a good many years. Latterly he has been working at Mingbool, but before that he was cook at Glencoe. Henley was in the drag from which the members of the band were tipped when being conveyed to the Mount Gambier races. As a result of that accident, he had one of the small bones in his leg broken, and he has been staying in town while he has been attended for this. Dr. MacDonald, who was his medical man, knew that deceased's heart was affeoted. THE PKOTECTOR.-Upon receipt of the reply sent by the South Australian Govern ment, through His Excellency the Governor, to the Imperial Government with reference to the gunboat Protector, stating that they were sorry the offer of the ship had been refused for China, and that they had spent over £2,000 in preparing the vessel for sea, the Imperial Gouernment reconsidered their action, and telegraphed on Thursday that they would accept the Protector and guar antee all expenses connected with her. It has, therefore, been determined that the vessel shall sail on Monday. The sailors were particularly disappointed when the reply came that she would not be wanted, especially as some of them had given up permanent situations to take positions on ber; and it was with regretful hearts that Messrs. H. Clifford and R. Perryman, of Port MacDonriell, and Messrs. Thompson and Corigliano, of Beachport, left Adelaide on Thursday morning for home. But they were surprised and gladdened when, on arrival at Mount Gambier, they received a telegram intimating that the Protector has beeri accepted for service in China, that she was to sail on Monday, and that they must return on Friday. Having got so near home the men naturally wanted to have another talk with their friends before returning, and telegraphed for leave to stay till Saturday. After waiting till nearly 11 o'clock they received a reply granting their request. Messrs. Clifford and Perrymau drove to Port MacDonnell the same evening, and Messrs. Corigliano and Thompson went to Beachport by train yesterday morning. They returned here last night, with the intention of going back to Port Adelaide to day. Mr. Clifford's brother is very ill in Adelaide^ and it is feared that in PQRSB? quence he may be prevented going with the Protector after all. MOUNT GAMBIEB CHESS CLUB. - The annual meeting of the Mount Gambier Chess Club was held on Thursday evening. There was a good attendance of members, and Mr. A. IfOutit (the President) occupied the Chair. The balance-sheet for the year showed that the club was in a very fair financial position. Mr. A. Loutit was re-elected President, Messrs. J. A. Engelbrecht, F. Lester, and D. Reily were re-elected Committee, and Mr. J. Pascoe Hon. Secretary. It waa resolved, with the view of encouraging the interest in chess-in the and out of thepj-tq procqre $ challenge shield or cup, |o he competed for by South-Eastern clubs only. The idea is that the trophy shall be held between the several competitions by the club who may have won it at the pre ceding one. It is hoped to get a trophy worth £10 or more, and some £3 was raised' in the room towards its purchase, The numbers will he very glad" to reoeive dona tions from any outside friend of this king of all gameB of skill. A GHOST.-For a week or so reports have been ourrentof people having been frightened by some one dressed UP in a white shnet playing the ghost. The spook has appeared mostly to women or children. So far no complaints against his ghostship have been officially made to the police, but having heard the doings oi the ghost discussed in a good many quarters, M.C. Pearce made a reconnoitering expedition on a night this week. Along highways and byways he went, but no ghost did he see. It is reported that the ghpst was seen somewhere in the west end of the town on the same night that M.O. Pearce made his tour. M.C. Pearce was armed, and was prepared to deal summarily with his ghostship, and we feel sure he would have rendered a good account of himself in an encounter. The foot constables are itching to get within fighting distance of the hoodlum. While on the subject of ghosts, we may as well record the following incident, whioh borders on the mysterious The report of a revolver or a gun being fired in the premises at the rear of Mr. MacArthur'a butcher's shop or Mrs, Cornelius's Temperance Hotel awoke the residents living in that neighbourhood, and caused some excitement, about 12 o'clock QQ Thursday night, Constables Pascoe and Reilev, who were on duty at that hour, were quiokly on the scene, but nothing could be found to account for the shot. . Strathdown'IE.-At the Casterton Police Court on Thursday, William Pether, a resi» dent in the township of Strathdownie, was preseetsd qa the charge qf i\jaacy, It WW, shown that he was subject to several delusions, and that he might be dangerous. He was committed to the Lunatio Asylum at Ararat. THE DRAINAGE COMMISSION.-We learn that the South-Eastern Drainage Commission intend paying another visit to the diatriot on Tuesday week, 14th inst., to see the state of the oountry now that the worst of ttfe winter rains have fallen upon it. ENTERTAINMENT.-Another of the series of winter entertainments is to be held in Christ ohurch schoolroom on Wednesday evening. A programme of vooal and instru mental music will conclude with the operetta "The Blind Beggars." CALEDONIAN SOCIETY.-A meeting of the Committee of the Mount Gambier Caledonian Sooiety was held on Wednesday evening to receive the balance-sheet, &o.;, preparatory to the annual meeting. The Chief (Dr. MaoDonald) presided. The balance-sheet was a satisfactory one, showing a good credit balanoe over the year's operations. The annual meeting was fixed for August 15. Oca last loan whioh was subsoribed in London at an average of £94 10a. 0d. was diminished by ohargea and expenses to £90 Us. 7|d. That is to say when the loan matures the colony will have to pay £100 for every £90 lis. 7|d. it has now obtained. THE Treasurer estimates that he will have £6,075 to carry forward from last financial year into this. He at one time expected to have £10,000, but the sending of oontingents to South Africa swallowed up £5,000, and this put his calculations out. That he has come through the year without a deficit is matter for congratulation. THE report of General Hunter's success at Fouriesburg has been confirmed. General Prinsloo, in command of some 5,000 Orange State burghers, found himself so hemmed in by the British forces that he had no alter native but to surrender. This he had to do unconditionally. This haul will virtually extinguish the rebellion in the Orange State. Prinsloo's army for some time has given much trouble, - and its capture will release a large number of British troops for operations elsewhere. The captured Boera will pro bably be exiled, as experience. has shown that they cannot be trusted to remain at peace if let go. A severe lesson in regard to the captives will have a better effect than too much consideration. A later telegram reduces the number of those captured. Several of the commandos refused to follow the lead of General Prinsloo, and are doing their best to escape. The British are ih hot pursuit. It is hoped most of the fugitives will be captured. MUBDEB OF THE KING OF ITALY.-It transpires that the murder of the King of Italy was, as Buspeoted, the outcome of a socialist plot. His assassin waa a silk weaver engaged in a United States factory, and he was selected by lot from among the members of his society to carry out the | diabolical deed. Angelo Bressi only suc ceeded too well. The Italian authorities were warned of the impending danger, but the King disregarded it, and countermanded the extra precautions for his safety wbiah they had arranged for. Deep regret is felt for the sad fate of the Italian monarch, who was muoh beloved by his own people, and regarded as an enlightened ruler throughout the world. It ia said that his murder is only one of a series of crimes againat crowned heads, and that four more asaaasina tionB have been determined upon. It is to be hoped, however, the police will now ferret out and checkmate the would-be murderers. Y.M.C.A. TOB MOUNT GAMBIEB. -In response to tha advertisement asking all interested in forming a branch of the Young Men's Christian Association at Mount Gambier to meet in the West-ioom of the Institute on Wednesday even ing about 50 gentlemen assembled. The Rev. T. Dowding, who had been appointed Chairman at the meeting on Saturday, presided. When he had stated the purpose of the meeting, Mr. W. R. Walter was appointed secretary for the evening, and Mr. R. H. Phillips, of the Adelaide Y.M.C.A., read a telegram of con gratulation on the formation of a branoh at Mount Gambier. Mr. Phillips then gave a clear and full statement as to the objects, constitution, and working of the Y.M.C.A. of Adelaide, and expressed the strong hope that a successful association might be formed at the Mount. A discussion followed on the prospects of an association in Mount Gam bier, the practicability of its being success fully oarried on, &c.; The Rev. Mr. Hanton believed they were agreed as to the desirability of doing something for the young men of the town and district, but the ques tion was-Could they form an association here that would be successful ? He suggested the appointment of a committee and secretary to ascertain its practicability and the prospects of their getting 50 members, for without that number he did not think one would be successful. For a start the Sunday services could be monthly, and the ministers of the town could perhaps take them alternately. There would of course be expenses in various ways-for a room, for advertising, &c.; Mr. Phillips stated that in Adelaide they had full members and associate members, the latter being under 18 years of age. After a good deal of conversation, Mr. W. Senior moved "That in the opinion of this meeting it is desirable that a branch of the Y.M.C.A. be formed in Mount Gambier, and that a com mittee be appointed to make enquiries as to a room, members, &c.;, and report at a future meeting." This was carried, and the following gentlemen appointed a Com mittee Messrs. T. Gillett, J. F. Pala mountain, J. I. Underwood, W. S, Palmer, W. Senior, H, Billing, W. R. Walter, P. G. Underwood, H. J. Clezy, F. Greve, T. A. Brown, B. Kannenberg, and P. Krum mel, and all the ministers of the town e& officio. Mr. Walter was elected Secretary for the Committee. There was a lot of dis cussion as to what the subscription fee ahould fce. Some were of opinion that that should be left with the Committee, who, after enquiries made, would be iu a better position than the meeting to say what it ought to be, but it was resolved, on the motion of Mr. Palamountain, that it should be 5s. for members of 21 years and under and 10a. for members over that age. A vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the pro ceedings. SALE OF STALLIONS.-Three draught stal liQna owned by Messrs. G. Hellyer, E. Hood, and T. Edwards were submitted to auction in Adelaide last week, bat they failed to find buyers. They were sold afterwards, however, at very satisfactory prioes. THE INDIAN FAMINE FUND BAZAAR.-The proceeds of the sale by Messrs. Goymour & ; Co. on Saturday last of the goods left over from the bazaar held on July and for the Indian Famine Fund amounted to £3 5s. 3d. Besides that further donations were received by the Committee, and some sales made privately by them which produced £6 Os. lOd. These sums added to the net balance received from the bazaar made £116 9s. One hundred and five pounds had already been forwarded to the Register, Adelaide, for despatch to India, and on Wednesday a second and final sum of £10 9s. was forwarded, making a total of £115 93., which most people will admit is a handsome sum for a single day's 8*le, '' PEACE DA V. "-In the Assembly on Tues day afternoon the Premier, in reply to a question, said if it had not been for the trouble in China a day shortly following the annexation of the Transvaal would have been set apart as a thanksgiving day in England, and Australia would desire to have the same day, Now that this difficulty had arisen the arrangements would be more difficult to make in connection with the peace day, but they would fall in with the Imperial Govern ment in the matter.-Register. WINTEB Sam.-New list of Further Beduo tioDB at Messbb. J. G. SUITE & Co.'s B>rgains in Millinery. Our stook Is new and well-assorted in the lateab styles. Ladies' beat French Felt and Fancy Straw Hats now leas than half- price; Fine and Coarse Black Straw Gems reduced to lOd. and Is. each; Black Ostrich Feathers, Is. 9d., for Is. each ; Ladies' Black Cloth Jackets, trimmed braid, velvet collars, 153. 9d., for 12s. 6J. each; Superior Large White Muslin Aprons for Is. eaoh; Ladies' White Muslin Aprons, large size, trimmed em broidery, for Is. 6d. eaoh; Ladies' Wide Bibbed Black Cashmere Hoae, all wool, seamless feet, reduced to Is. 4£d. per pair; Chinille and Wool Fasoinators, in pretty evening shades, for 3s, 3d, and 4s. 6d. each. 