INTERESTING ITEMS 7 , Mc l1. W. Wilkinson, writing in the * Sydney 'Daily Telegraph' on theMagers f^nteiu engagement, says ;-'We haven't a ghost of a notion what it cost the Botrsin.the trenches, but our. shell fire must have been awfully destructive. A : Boer officer whom we took prisoner told me that he saw SO men lulled by one f Lydctite ^hell, and that he himself had ? lost half his company . Aftor the battle to see these shattered units arriving in waggon loads from the front, some of them with as many as four shots through their bodies., others sma&hed; up with shrapnel, most hideous "fcights to look jipon. The accommodation was limited to suelian extent that scores bad to lie all night under hotel veran , daha, after having their wounds dressed. I stayed at an hotel that night, but got no aleq> owing to the moans and groans i$gr?n- frvo prostrate figures just outside " my door, wounded officers next door just . breathing their last, Boer prisoners who bad been bayoneted by our men writh . .hag in agony with death written plain on every feature, men dying in eeores attend ed by comrades who had escaped with slight injuries; fresh waggons arriving with ghastly freight at frequent interval*. ? immediately surrounded by anxious com rades, showing tremendous anxiety as to . who were still left behind. I reached Magersfontein, near Moddea? Elver, in the grey dawn of Monday, just in the nick of time to see those brave, dauntless 'kilties'. I saw them moving forward through the mist in perfect bat tle array, with the light, springy step of the parade ground. I watched them stagger and falter within a few hundred yards of the enemy's trenches, undiT ft perfect storm of bullets, then lie down and fire, and finally retire In confusion, leaving their dead and wounded behind, while our own New South Wales Lancers and Mounted Infantry rode up to cover their retreat. At the moment, I didn't know them from the British Tommies.* Commandeering by the way, is quite a fashionable pastime here. Whenever you run short of anything you comman deer St-from the Boersif possible but anyhow if necessary. On "the way to-ths front I had to leave rny horse behind at Belmont, there be&ng; no means of get ting further north except by road, and this is .not particularly safe when the Boers might cut across the line «t any time. I bought another up here, but during the fight at Magersfontein I tfled it up to creep doser to the fifing line, and when I weut' back somebody had commandeered it. I have1 given up buy ing horses now. and stfll I am not with out a mount. Commandeering is an art easily acquired. " * I stood and watched that big* gun which they have christened cJoe Chamberlain' dropping lyddite shells among the Boer trenches with deadly precision, but with out aim from the enemy. How these blue jackets sweated and worked! They were funny-looking objects-f-tnaw hatfH and blue uniform, sail enveloped in kh& kee. But this was no tfime for jocularity. . Their commander, with a. telescope glued to his trigM eye, kept them going. Tt was good io hear his cheery words ©t command. 'Six thousand and nine hun dred yards, at 'the ml'ddle of the kopie to the right -Lyddite shell-roiady- fire!' end the huge gun gave a lurch to the pear as the missile burst from.its -mouth %ith the roar of 'ten thousand-thunder claps. Ti en there was a lull to wafteh tire effect through the glass.*Pitsfc rate * erim the emnmnnder; 'another Lyddite shell, same range and same kopje.' A second Henfflc report as b?fore. a cloud of dirty-looking smoke, and as it drifted away from the front of the kopje another shell is wrfl *on its thitherwards. This, went on for many hours to .the .accom paniment of deep, rtimhlfing from a howitz er baHtery $o our extreme right. A Boer prisoner from Elands Laagte declared that .the Gordon liigHaudws irpiT perfect demons.. He saw them 'rim *h<ir bayonets through the bodies of the burghers, and throw them over their tlioulders Jike #tavea ctf com,* 