\- THE STORYTELLER HER SOLDIER LOVER ý tCH.. APTER XVI. Of. all the stately homes in beautiful Saetiexnone was so famous for its magnifi cence as Groville Hall, the principal country seat of the Grevilles. The grandfather of the .present Earl had been something of a sybarite. After wandering over almost every habitable portion of the globe, he had returned home with half a dozen Oriental servants and innumerable curiosities from the East. Their cost must have been almost fabulous. There were wonderful idols in gold and bronze, curtains and hangings of the richest silk and most cunning workman ship, tapestry, and carpets, quaint carvings, musical instruments, weapons and armour, and everything to be found in the palace of a rich rajah. For the reception of these curicsities a lofty and spacious wing had to be added to the Hall, and the later years of the old Earl's life were spent in this magnifi cent Eastern side-building. Surrounded by his Oriental servants, he indulged-in opium, smoked a hkokah, and, by his extravagance S:and negligence, impoverished the family for generations to come. ;...Gr'eville Hall itself was famous for its musepm, fits great marble staircase, and spacious picture- gallery. The reception rooins were also the talk of the "ounty, though their splendour was fading. There .were the:Yellow Room, the Blue Room, and the Green Room, and the furniture of each was upholstered in yellow, blue, and green satin; Greville Hall was the delight of poets,; artists, and antiquaries, but its revenues were not sufficient to pay the wages of 'a decent staff- of servants. The very pictures were mortgaged. The son of the profligate Earl built an organ in the eastern room and calle4 it the chapel. Prayers were offered to Heaven, but pros ,perity, was gone. Wheii the gray towers of the Hall peeped over the tall waving trees, Margaret gave a little cry of delight. She forgot even the presence of Lord Greville. - It seemed that she was walking on enchanted ground. L?ady Natalie's silvery laughter floated on the _-air.- --". 'This is the Druid's Grove, Mrs Lyndon,' the Earl remarked, 'and dates from the dsyi of the Saxon. You will see the court yard presently, where many a tournament has been waged by armonred knights for a lady's smile.' ?'At last I look upon one of the stately 1 homes of England, murmured Margaret. S'iDoyion remember M s Heman's poem, yJcrd'. Greville ?' '`' Yes,' he replied, smiling at her childish' S?pleasure--'it is in most. school-books. I -have many wonders to show you, Mrs Lynden, and I am delighted to have an appreciative audience, if it does consist of only one.' He laughed lightly. ' I am sure that I can never thank you sufficiently,' Margaret said " This is one of ý the most enjoyable days I have ever known I' His dark face flushed, and be bent to T. wards hgr almost eagerly. '. kt'We;will turn into yonder conservatory, i and escape the others. They will find no ' pleasure in what they have seen before, and only spoil ours,' He spoke rapidly and } almost in a whisper. Lady Natalie's clear voice fell upon their ears. She was talking gaily to Arthur Fielding. The Rector' and Jessie were a little way behind. ,,' Margaret I ' Jessie cried, but, with a laugh, the younig Earl hurried lire Lynden long. '?'It will be famous fun,' he said-' a game d ofhide-end-seek The Fieldings are spoil sports this morning, and my sister is not enjoying the sweetest of tempers. She does not like strangers to see that our ancestral home is falling into decay. die accuses me !rading our poverty, Mrs Lyndon.' Are you poor, then ?' Margaret asked wonderingly. ' In the sense that my estates are too vast, and my income is not sufficient to suport my dignity. My grandfather squandered two vast fortunes, and then mortgaged Greville Hall. It was the sorrow of my father's life, and he returned to our place at Ferndale. I keep a few servants here, but I cannot entertain my neighbours as I should like. Ah, you cannot think how I love the dear old place-every tree, every stone I ' They were walking through a great con servatory filled from end to end with rare plants and flowers; the air was heavy with perfume, and the heat was almost tropical. Margaret waa bewildered by the endless beauty, by the rich variety of colour. ' I could spend the whole day here,' she c said. r ' You may do so some time, or as many I days as you wish; but at present I want li you to see the library and the chapel. t Young Fielding can amuse himself in the c picture-gallery if he chooses.' He shrugged i' his shoulders. ' Arthur is abominably ill- f tempered to-day.' I ' Poor boy I' Margaret said sympathetic- c ally, ' He is clever, but- ' d 'But there's madness in his brain,' supple- a mented the Earl. ' Here we are, Mrs Lyn den, in the central hall.' 'He turned sharply r -among the maze of flowers, and pushed open a large glass door. 'The chapel first, and I then we can rejoin our friends. You may thirk it strange, but I have a prejndice against strangers passing within the sacred t portals of the chapel. The Fieldings' have never seen it-not even the Rector.' SMargaret drew back, and he laughed i merrily. ' Your presence, Mr Lynden, sweeps y my prejudices away, so far as you yourself are ooncerned. You are not afraid ? ' ' Afraid of what ? ' she asked innocently. ' 'Iwill tell you later. There is a foolish rhyme believed in by the superstitions But-pshaw I -One minute, please. `I will fetch the keys; I keep them fast locked away in mylibrary safe. You do notmind ? ' " Oh, no I' How kind and considerate he was I How the music of his voice. lingered in her ears ! . He moved swiftly from her side, and Margaret stood alone in the great square 'ball.' A shaft of golden sunlight pierced the glass' dome in the roof, and rested on :the gleaming marble stairs, on the carved oak balustrade. The walls were covered with priceless pictures; a group of statuettes by celebrated English and Flolentine sculptors "represented a small, fortune; the massive candelabra of solid silver glittered in the sun light. ' And this is poverty' murmured the- girl. An icy'chill swept over her, and she shiver ed. - ;A man servant flitted by; then ;Lord 'Greville'W ldick footstep was heard, and lie stood beside her, his face flushed, his black eyes glowing. `I am the sole custodian of the chapel, Mrs Lynden,' he said. 'I hold it sacred to the memory of both my father and nimy grandfather.'-; He held a steel ring in his hand, from which hung two large keys'of intricate workmanship and design. 'Are you ready, Mrs Ly~den ?' His voice was full of tenderness.' 'I do not wish to hurry you, but I have a dread of being bothered by our friends, who must be close upon our heels by.this time. The .ieldings S-I beg pardon,. but do they, stand to you in the relationship-the legal relationship-of guardians ? I ask you - this because ;the espionage of Miss 'Jessie, and even Arthur, must be extremely annoying' to you. Are you a silly child that you cannot be trust ed?' - ' Guardians ?' Margaret laughed scorn fully. ' You are not offended with me ?' 'Why should I be ? The Fieldings are nothing to me. I am a paying guest,: at liberty to leave the Rectory when I choose !' She spoke with great warmth. - 'I am glad to hear it-very glad! Miss l Fielding represented to me that you were, Stheir charge-that Captain Lynden reposed great confidence in them, an'd- But there -I am getting muddled ; -I was afraid that I the Rector's permission was required for even a little diversion of this kind. I see how matters are. Captain Lynden has evidently great confidence in the Fieldings ; and Jessie's natural' love for you affects her discretion.' Margaret's heart was filled with resent ment. Her husband had professed that he loved her," and yet he had deceived her in many things, and be could not.trust her. Lord Greville led the way through a -dimly-lighted corridor, directly' under the 3 main staircase, until the passage was barred by a great door, which at first sight appeared 0 to be a part of the solid masonry.! Beyond t this was yet another door, of similar strength and proportions, the intervening space being occupied by a colossal figure in armour ; the great nailed hands grasped a a battle-axe, swung high in the air. Margaret shrank back with a little cry' of fear, then she laughed at her own folly. ' Pardon me,' the-Earl said, a note of tenderness and regret in his deep musical a voice ; ' I ought to have warned you. 'In the half light it is eapy to imagine that fierce eyes are glaring upon na through the eyelets of the steel casque. S When the second door swung open, Mar Sgaret Lynden's wondering eyes beheld the Smysterious Eastern Chamber, or" Greville's Folly,' as it hani at one time been called. A little gasp of astonishment and delight Sescaped her lips in childish fashion. The young Earl's face had grown pale, and his. lips twitched. ' Welcome to the chapel, Mrs Lynden I' he said quietly. He turned half round, and the door closed upon them. 'We are safe from your friends now. You are not afraid P' ' No-l am not afraid. What is there to I be afraid of P' I He pointed to an insoription over the door. 'You must read that when' your eyes become accustomed to the half-light. Now let us go forward.' There was a short pillared aisle which Sseemed to terminate in an intricate network of arcades and niches filled with quaintly carved figures. A half-crimson, half golden light filtered through the rich silken Scurtains that draped the great archway at Sthe end of the aisle. When these were pushed aside, Margaret found herself in a Slarge oval chamber, which was steeped in an atmosphere of golden gloom. There was only one window-a perfect oriel of stained glass, crowded with saints, whose gorgeous robes gleamed crimson, aizure, and gold. The walls were draped with tapestry of wonderful texture and design ; the floor was covered with rich Turkey carpets as soft as moss. The furniture was purely Oriental, the blending of the whole produc ing an effort at once bewildering and beautiful. Upder the window was a marble fountain, the perfumed waters of which fell into a basin beneath in drops of many coloured gems, making fairy music that lulled and soothed the senses. Above the fountain a beautifully-sculptured figure of Flora held forth a bowl of odorous flowers. Margaret Liynden stood like one entranced -a beautiful picture in t1he golden shadows ,f this wonderful chamber. Lord Greville regarded her with fiercely-smouldering eyes ais heart was stirred to its depths. He oved this girl, with her saintly loveliness ;hough she was another man's wife-the wife of a beggarly soldier ! He knew that ,t was madness, but he believed that it was sate. Her face was enraptured-the tender lips were half parted, while the crimson-and range gleams from the stained windowr leepened the gold in the strands of her shining hair. ' You are pleased, Mrs Lynden P' he mur nured in her ear. Pleased is scarcely the word, Lord .Gre ville. I am filled with wonaermint, rever ence, and awe !' ' Then I am well repaid. I can even bless the meniory of my evil eccentric grandfather who is responsibld for all that yon see here. Sometimes I fancy that his spirit still haunts the old place,' he added half musingly. He turned to a recess, and, flinging back a heavy velvet curtain, revealed an elabor ate organ. ' Do you play, Mrs Lynden ? I have plenty of sacred music here. I amuse myself in various ways in this chamber of mysteries. I am an enthusiastic musician.' ' Then you must play to me, Lord Greville I am sure that I should be unable to con centrate my thoughts upon anything now.' ' Your slightest wish is my law !' He bowed and smiled but his black eyes were aflame, and his hands trembled so. that he found 'a difficulty in lighting the wax tapers set in the silver candelabra on either side of the organ. ' Have'you any preference, Mrs Lyndon ?' be asked, seatiing himself before before the music. ' No,' replied Margaret faintly. His fingers glided over the keys, and the chamber was filled with a mystic dreamy melody. He had the exquisite touch of a master-hand and Margaret's face was soon wet with tears. She gazed up at the painted roof with its arabesque carvings, and saw. that it was crowded with angel-faces. They were smiling down upon her. - The fountainsv way murmuring a sweet rhythmical song,; the waters falling in showers of iridescentdrops. Was this' earth, or a glimpse of some better world ? The organ burst into fuller sound; and Lord Greville's impassioned voice sang to the painted angels above him. 'With snow-white veil and garments 'as o flame. She stands before thee who so long ago Filled the young heart ' with' passion and the woe From which thy song and -.all its splendour. came ; And, while with stern rebuke she speaks, thy: name, The ice about thy heart melts as the snow ' On mountain heights, and in swift overflow Comes gushing from thy lips in sobs of shame Thou makest full confession ; and a gleam, As if the dawn on some dark forest cast, Seems on thy lifted forehead to increase ; Lethe and Eunoe-the remembered dream And the forgotten sorrow-bring at last The perfect pardon which is perfect peace. i' I lift mine eyes, and all the windows blaze With forms of saints and holy men who died, Here martyred, and hereafter glorified; And the great Rose upon its leaves displays Christ's triumph, and the angelic roundelays, With splendour upon splendour multiplied ; And Beatrice again at Dante's side No mere rebukes, but smiles her word of praise. And then the organ sounds, and unseen choirs Sing the old Latin hymns'of peace and love, And benedictions of the Holy Ghost ; And the melodious bells among the spires O'er all the house-tops, and. through heaven above, Proclaim the elevation of the"Host I' " The music ceased and the Earl hastily arose. ' I am passionately fond of'music,' he said apologetically. ' I lose myself--I cannot helpit. People call me a strange man for one so young. I have not'the best of char acters; but they do not understand me, and I do not value the opinion of the world that much.' ..Ie snapped his fingers and laughed ' My sister does not approve of my conduct, and she will be scandalised by this escapade of ours. I hope that I have not done you any wrong, Mrs Lynden-I hope that you do not care ? ' Margaret raised her -startled eyes to his dark handsome face. 'Done me any wrong ?' she echoed. ' On the contrary, you have been exceedingly kind. I would not have missed this pleas ure for worlds, and I do not care for either Lady Natalie's 'censure or her praise. Neither can possibly affect me.' 'Her sweet face flushed, her eyes flashed resentfully. ' Yon do not like my sister, Mrs Lynden ?' He laughed softly. 'I do not,' she replied. 'Lady Natalie is proud and cold. ihere is a natural antag onism between usn-thereis a social gulf between us.' 1er lip cuarved disdainfully. 'I have heard of Lady Natalie before.' ' From Captain Lynden, I think P' 'From my husband.' ' Yon astonish me,' Lord Greville said earnestly. 'Captain Lynden must have repeated mere gossip to you. Ide not even remember his name. I regret it, but I am afraid your husband must have deceived you. Pardon my bluntness.' He saw that her eyes were filled with tears. ' f I have pained you I shall never forgive myself.' 'It is not that, Lord Grevillo,' Margaret stammered. 'It is the fear that Captain Lynden has deceived me in many other things. He told me several times that your sister-that Lady Natalie and he had once been engaged.' This was not a serious crime to the Earl's way of speaking, but he looked very grave, though the absurdity of . the barefaced assertion amused him. A beggarly captain in a line regiment engaged to his sister I S' Captarn Lynden was e.gaging in a little bit of fun,' he said-' or perhaps he wished to impress you with a sense of his import ance, Mrs Lynden. I should 'not tread upon snuch delicate ground, only that I have heard so much of your story from the Rector, and from your own charming lips.' He suddenly raised her hand to his lips, and imprinted upon it a burning kiss. Mar. garet's cheeks flamed, and" she drew away from him, startled. In an instant he was penitent, but there was fire in his bold black eye. ' I could not help kissing your hand, Mrs Lynden,' he said softly. 'TWhere is the harm ? We are two young people with sympathies in common. I am but mortal, but you are as beautiful as an angel.' His manner changed instantly. 'Come- we must return instantly to the others. The Rector will be angry with me-dear pions old man.' He extinguished the tapers, then glanced about him lovingly,-lingeringly. ' Good-bye to my idols fo- a little while. We will come again soon-you and I, Mrs Lynden.' / Margaret did tot reply. There was a wild fluttering at her hedrt, The painted angels were smiling down upon her. The tinkling fountain flashed its gleaming gems. Lord Greville touched her arm gently, and stepped along the pillared aisle. She followed and soon the great doors had opened and closed behind them. ' We forgot the inscription,' he said ; 'but I will repeat it to you by-aid-by. Another day you shall read it for yourself.' He looked into her eyes, ' I wish that my sister and the people from.the Rectory were miles away !' ' Why should. you wish that ?' Margaret asked innocently. 'Why ? Shall I tell you why ?' He paused and bit his lip:fiercely,/for eat that moment Lady Natalie's ringing laughter fell upon his ears. 