' CREW SAVED BY A GHOST. Many strungo incidents occur nt sen, but I nono moro so than thnt which bofoll Captain Bonner, of tho brig Mohawk, a small vessel engaged in tliu West Indies trade. Aftor leu vine St. Thomas, hor last port of call, on one voyago tho brig was steering a noitlt-weaterly course, homeward bound, beating up under short canvas ngiiinst high winds and heavy seas following in the wake of a hurricane which had traversed the tropics Ave or six days beforo. Her 3aptain. who liud been some hours on deck, went below at midnight nftcr directing tho first officer, who was on watch, to keep tho course then Btecrcd, and to call him in case of any change fortho worse in tho woather. He lay down upon a sofa in tho main cabin, but as the brig's bell struck twicc, became conscious of tho liguro of a man, wearing a green sou'wester, standing bcBide him in (he dim tight of the cabin lamp. Then ho heard tho words-"Change your course to the sou'weat, captain." Captain Uonncr got up and went on deck, where ho found that tho weather had moderated and that tho brig was carry ing moro sail and making better headway. He naked the mate on duty why lie had sent down to call him, to which that ottieor re plied that he hud not done so. Tho captain, fancying that ho had been dreaming, went back to tho cabin, but ho waB disturbed soon again by a second visit from the man in . tho gjeeri sou'wester, who re peated his provious order and vanished up tho companioiiway. Tho captain, now thoroughly arouBcd, jumped up and pur sued the retreating figure, but saw no one until he met tho mate on watch, who instated that ho had not sent any messenger below. Mystified nud perplexed, Captain Ben ner roturned to the cabin only to seo his singular visitor re appear, to hear him repeat tho order to chango the courso to sou'-west, with tho added warning-" If you do not it will soon be too Intel" and to see liim disappear as before. Going on deck ho gavo tho necessary orders for tho chungo in the ship's courso to south wsst. The officers of tho brig woro not only surprised, but also indignant, and finally de termined to seize their captain and put liim in irons,when, soon after daybreak, the look out forward reported somo object dead ahead. As tho vessel kept on it was mado out to bo a ship's boat. As it ranged nbeaui it was seen to contain four men lying under its thwarts, one of whom woro a grcon sou'wester. The Mohawk was promptly hove to, a boat lowered, and tho castaways taken in. Tho castawuys proved to be the captain and three men, the only survivors of the crew of a vessel which had gone down in the hurri cane, and they had been drifting helplessly without food for (ivo or six days. Tho green sou'wester was the property of tho rescued captain. A few days later when he had re covered sufficiently to be able to lcavo his berth, he was sitting one day in tho main cabin of the brig with Captain Benner. Ho ' suddenly asked his host whether he believed in dreams. " Since I have been here," he I continued, " I have been thinking how ? familiar this cabin looks. I think thnt I have been hero beforo. In tho night beforo you picked me up I dreamed that I camo to you hero in this cabin and told you to change your course to sou'west. The first time you took no notice of me, and I camo tho second time in vain; but the third time you changed your courso, and I woke to find your ship alongsido of us." Then Captain Bcnner, who had noticcd the resemblance of tho speaker to his mysterious visitor, told his own story of that night. 