The Lily of Mordaunt. BY Mina G. SuLDooW , Lut?,troas of "The Maskod Bridal," "The Magic Camoo, ' &o.;) OHAPTER XXXVIII, IN A DILEMMA, r " I am glad, at all events, to got my jewels back," she added, an she eyed them fondly, lilting each pieco with teon der, oaroaessog fiogor, and recalling the fieonds who had glvon Ihom to her. " But this money, what shall I do with It? The'hundred pounds rightly belongs to me, and I shall keep It; bt the othor-tho ' Interest,' as he calla It--I belieove-I do not want ; and an for that which he has deposited In the Bank of England In my name, I could nover touch a penny of It." Her eyea blazed at the thought of It, her hnea was thrown proudly back, and her lips curlod with lorlalon. The hundred.pound note she put away in her'purso, the other eho returned to the envolopo containing Philip's lotter, and then she foll to muslrg sorrowfully, and was only crooued when Miso MoAIllo. toer rturnd after a long absenceo, durng whloh she had been In a continual for ment of anxiety and curlosilty regarding the contents of Philip Paxton' packoago. Arley arose as sho oenterod, and, put tlng her letter Into her hands, begged heor to read It. Scarcely a sound, save the rattling of the paper am MIs, McAllistor turned the pages of Philip's letter, was heard In the room during the next half boor. MIss MeAlliator sat bolt upright by a window, with lowerlng brow, steorn, roe lentless eyes, and firmly compressed lips. Arloy lay wearily back In her low rooker by the fire, her hands olapod patiently In her lap, but looking very polo and sorrowful. " Well, auntio, what do you think of It1 " she questioned, whoaen that lady at last rofolded Philip's confession, and handed It back to her. "' That he Is even a greater rascal than I believed him to be-and that was had enough, goodness knows I" was the grim reply. Arley flashed. She could think all manner of hard thnlegs of him herself, hut It seemed very harsh when put Into suoh sovore langouago by another. "But be seems sorry." sho said, heal. tatlogly. "So doomes every criminal when he is found out," Miss McAllister retorted, teraely. "Do you suppose," he wount on, "Il Lady Elaine had litoe pd to him-If eho had giveon him the slightet encourage. ant. that he would over havim written oye that letter I" "Perhaps not," Arley aseh eted. "01 course he would not. Ile would have contlinued to pursue his wicked, a ruthlessly broken her heart wit h hasod way. It mast have booeen that adventure with Jano Collins which resulted In round turn. I think I shnold have enjoyed being behind the seones about that time," Mia l MAlllstor concludod, with a little ohockle of trlomph. "As for your money and jewels," she added, after a moment, " I told you that he stole them I felt It In my bones, am the saying is, and I can belIeve him capable of almost anything now." "But he moust have oexpereloncod some. thing of remorse or be never would have written all that ho ham," Arloy returned : "hls returning my money and jowela proves, too-" "I should suppose ho would be glad to restore them; they muet have haunted him like a ghost every time he thought of or looked at them,' Interrupted the old lady, rlentlesoasly. "But he need not have confessed every thing; If he had not been really humbled he probably would have kept those last worst things to hImself.'" "Humph I doubtless he knw well enough that you would learn all from Lady Elaneo, and so made a virtue of neceasalty." "But she know nothing about this stolen money and jewels, nor about his gambling--h might have given himself the benefit of a doubt regarding those slnm, It he had chosen," persisted Arley. MIs~ McAllltor eyed the pretty figure opposite to her uneasily. "I hope," she said, coldly, " that you aro not meditating anything so foolish an to forgive him and take him back to yoor favor7la should soppose that once hay. log released yourself from the lIon', power, you would not be very eager to put your head between his jaws again." "No I 'm afraid that I can't forgive him, auntie-" "Afraid I" was the startlod Intorrup. tlon. " Yes. You know we are commanded to 'forgive, aa we hope to be forgiven,'" Arley murmured, In a low tone. "Of miorse-of course; no Chrlstian should cheorlsh malice, or wish evil to any one; but this Is a peculiar case. You are not obliged to wish for any epoelal judg ment to overtake Philip--you can simply drop him altogether out of your lifo." " Yes thoea wretched months are stIll too froesh In my mind to admit of my wishing him to have any part In my future," and Arleoy shlverod slightly. "But If he really fools as romoreoful as his letter seems to Indicate. I would at least like to render him all tho credit that Is his due." "Preclous littlo Is duo him, In my opl.I nlon," wsees the covera retort, and there the matter dropped. Events crowded thick and fast upon the returned wandoror, for during the next foeronoon Mr tolloy, Arloy's former lawyer, was announced. " Well, well, Mrs Arley," he sald, jovially, as he warmly grasped her hand, "It does my old eyes good to seeo youn home once more. Mr Paxton sent me up word last night that you had returned, and, an I promised to transacot a little buolness for hhln whenoa you came, I thought I'd settle It at once ; and you may be sure I was very glad of the oppor. tunlty to come and welcome you home," Arley was amazeod at his words; of course, she did not understand them, but she did not like to betray too muoolh; so, thoegh her eyes were unusoally brilliant, and the color In her checks was like a darlot flame, she managed to reply : "Thank yon, Mr Iolloy, joe know that I am glad to noe you undoe any elr eumstanoos, for I hano always coesldorod yoe as one of my beat frlenda." "You have not frgotton how to say pretty things, If ype are a mnrried woman and have travelled half the world over," the lawyer returned, smlltegly. "B ut I'll attend to business first and .le eye hattlng afterward. I Imagine," ho added, with twinkling eyes, "that my communlcatlon will not he very meeh of a surprise to you, but I am none the loss happy to make It." What coold be coming now 1 Arloy wondered, elasping kor hands so tightly that the noilo loft deep, porple marks upon them for long afterward. "bls Panton waited upon me some timo ago," the lawyer resumed, "and told me that he rhad settled a sum upon you-twenty thousand poonda-depoalt. log the money in tho Bank of England, and he desirod that I would tako chargo of it, os I had done of your money In the pant, and pay you the interest quarterly, as before. oHe said thatho had made this arrangoemet no that you might have the came fooling of I'dopoodonco that you soed to have, whilo he winhed you to be providod for in ciao of any acident hap. penoing to him. I rood not toll you that I am very proud to be restored to my old position oa your man of businesso, or that it is with groat pleasure that I pay over this first quarterly Inutalmant to you Mr Paxton notfloed me of your return last night-and you may be sure that I shall make prompt payments every quarter day." fr tIolloy reached forward and slippod a roll of notes Into Arley's hands as he ceasod speaking. She felt no if she should sink through the door, as he crowded that money upon her. Her first Impulso was to dash It back angrily into the man's face and bid him to carry it back to its donor. But, she reasoned, ha was in total ignorance of the truth of her relations to Phillp-voerything that he had said weont to prove it-and if she rejected the money she would be obliged to explain why, and reveal the whole of her dreadful story. It was evident that Mr Holley believed, an Sir Anthony had appeared to do, that rho and her hunsbard wore upon the moat amicable terms with each other; and It was also evident that Philip was rigidly concealing everything which would tend to create any scandal, thus leaving her, as he had told her In his letter that ho should do, to inke whatever stops against him ho might seeo fit. What should sho dot That money seemed like a live coal in her hands ; and sho know, with her pro. root feelings, that she could never ore so much as a farthing of it ; and yet, if she gave It back to Mr Holley, she musoat give a reason, and sho recoiled from rehearsing her troubles to any one outride the famIly. Mlian MioAlliater'e face had grown black with wrath over this strange proceeding ; but rho war obliged to hold her tongue, knowing that any interference on her part would be nunooerly, at least, in the presenco of a third person. But the lawyer was waiting for Arloey to say something, his face all smiles and aglow with heartiest sympathy for her good fortune, as he regarded it, and she know that she must make him some reply. " Really, Mr Holley," sho began, with a erimson face, " this iL a surprliao to mo---" " What I Has not your hohband told you anything about Itt Has he left me to enlighton you upon the subject ?'' In terrupted the lawyer, nstonished. Arloy's heart leaped into her throat. It was very hard to know just what it was boat to ray. "He did mention that he had deposlted somo money inr the Bank of England for me; but I had no idea that I was to re celve such a srm as you mention, and, really,"' she added, with a norvoun, almost hysterical laugh, "I have re-n. gorded myself as portionless for so long that I fear I shall not know how to be have, witkh all this wealth at my com mand." " I do not hlievo youo will have any dliculty regarding the diapoeal of It, lilao McAllitor interposed, In a dry tone. "I am naro you deserve it all, my dear," Mr Holloy replied, never once rsopecting the point of the venerable rpinoter'e remark. "There has booeen a sore spot in my heart ever since your marriage, that you were obliged to relln. qolsh that snug little income to which you had always been accustomed, though I admire Miss Wentworth exceedingly, and am very happy to serve her. But I was always fond of you, Mrs Arley, and I am heartily glad that you are to be indepon dent once more, while I admire your hus band for having done this thing." Arley did not reply, but sat there nor vously fingering that hateful roll of money, and wondering If she would have itrength to remain quietly In her room utll Mr Holley should got ready to go. It seemed as if she must scream, rave, wring her hands, tear her hair-anything rather than sit there and liston while he extolled Philip, without being able to otter one word of denunciation. It was torture to be obliged tacitly to assume that she was a happy wife, beloved and indulged to her heart's content, when all the while she felt almost too mioranblo to live. " Do you know that Arloy has become quite an artist since obs went away I" Minass MoAllltor asked, surmlslng some thing of her wrotehednesa, and hoping thus to change the subject. " No. Is that nso " Mr Holloy in qulred. ' Yes," Arley answered, eagerly solzlng upon this now topic. "I took painting lessons in both Rome and Floronoo, and have been quito succesful. I, have two plctures which Sir Charles Herbort thlnks worthy of being displayed at the exhibition this year." " Indeed I 1 never know that you had any tasto for such work," replied her friend. "I always liked to draw and paint, but never discovered that I had any real talent that way until 1 went abroad," Arley said, with a slight flash. Sho wondered what he would say if he know how she had discovered her talent. " Well, I shall surely go to see your plctures as soon as they are hung," he answered, gazing admiringly, and think ing what a lovely picture sho herself made, sitting there in lier pretty white cashmero morning robe, with that rich glow upon her cheoks, the knot of bright ribbons at her throat, and that tiny bronco slipper jest visible beneath her skirts. " How proud that young chap most bo of her I" he thought, repressing a sorrowful algh, for he had laid his own fair young wife to rest many years bo fore, and his home had boon desolate over since. The conversation after that drilled upon indifforent topics, and nothing more was sald about Philip until Ali Holley rose to go, when he remarked, smillngly: " Tell that husband of yours that I have fulfilled my; trust, and that I was nover happier in the performance of a duty before." "You are very good, Mir Holley, I am sure, to feeool ouch an interest in me," Arloy returned, drooping her lids to hide the straor glitter whiah sprang into her eyes i and tr IIolloy, after shaking hands with her and Mires tloAllleter went away, thinaking how bright the world was for some, how cheerlessa for others. Arlmy returned to the parlor, aftor at' luadling him to the h'll, hot rho was deathly white now. lho wont and stood by the mantel, and looked thooghtfally Into the fire. Mlus MoAllintor, sitting oppoiteo and knitting away for dear life upon a charity stocking, her month puckerod Into the hardest kind of a knot, watched her out of the corners of her eyes. " Well, Arloey,"l she said at length, becoming impatient at her lloeno. SWell, nauntlo," Arloy repeated, with theo amo intonation. " What are you going to do about it I7 -tho money, I moon," with a glaneoo at th roll stll in Arloy'n hand. ve; - t If I could drop it into the fire and that would end it, I would do it this In. etant," she answeorod, with some spirit. " What oan I do about it ' sheo naked, wearily. " I don't know. I did think at firat that his letter was all a sham--that he moat have heard something about the mystery of your birth bolng solved, and was trying to wheedle himsealf into your good'graces again," Mians ioAllister said. wilhout stopping to coesidor, If ouch had boon hla object, he had taken a very strango way to accomplish it, by confees Ing no much more than was needed. " But," hoe added, " this income businoes looks a little an if he really meant to make you all the reparation in hie power, though whore on earth he over got the money to settle on you is a puzzlo to me." " You know Sir Anthony told us yen torday that he was overrun with boau. none," Arley replied. " Yes; but It would take a man a long time to earn twenty thousand pounds, and he hba never done that In the short time that he has boon home. No, no, hlild, I believe that he's boon gambling again- depend upon It, he nover came honestly by it, and don't you touch it, don't you touch it," and Miss McAllister bristled att over with righteous indigna lion at the thought. " I am aure I have no Idea of using it," Arloy answered, proudly, " but what shall I do with it P It is evident that no one mistrusts but that we are on the boat of termo; but I cannot refouse to take these quarterly payments from Mr Holloy without giving him some reason, and, auntie, I do not fooeel like doing anything to start a scandal involving myself." " You have no intention of over retorn. Ing to Philip again ?" inquired her aunt, with a keen glance at that pale, pained face opposite her. "No, auntie, I could not with my pro sent feoollugs. I have been wrotched over lsnce the day of my marriago; a barrier seemed to rise between us Immediately upon discovering that Ina wan the real Arloy Wentworth, and we have boon almost like strangers from that hour." " Poor child I what a sad tlme you have bud," Miea MoAlliator said, oym pathlalngly. "Of course, then, if you have such a dread of scandal, you would not feel like applying for a divorce 7" Arley ahlvered. " Of what use would that be to me 1" she asked; "death alone would release meo from my vows." " Well, well," you must live here qulotly with us and lot matters take their courso," was the gentle rejoinder; " we will do all we can to help you for got, and you shall never want for anything while I have a pound left." "About this money," she added, a moment later, " If you don't like to refuse it from Mr Iolloy, you can enclose it in an envelope and return it to Philip every quarter." "Yes, I could do that-at least for the present," Arloy said, with a look of reliof. "Of coureo, after awhile, when people come to sco that we are never togethor, the truth will leak out, and then I can atop the payments." She wont at once to act upon Mlsa McAlllater'a auggoatlon, and, with a hand that was far from steady, sho enclosed the sur er Holley had paid her, togother with tihe twenty-pound note Philip had already sent her as interest on her hun. drod pounds, in an envelope, direoted It to him at his chambers, and sent it off at once. That evening Sir Charles and hil mother called, and wore most cordially recolved by Miss MoAlliator. After introducing her aunt, Arley led Ina to Lady Herbert, saying, smilingly : "This is the real Arloy Wontworth, of whom I have told you, and whose golden slippers I wore so long." Her ladyahip stodied the fair face a moment, then said, as she took the gentll girl by the hand: " Well, dear, since you had to give them up, I am sure you must have boon glad to resign them to one no worthy." "Indeed I was," Arley replied, heartily, and then sho preseonted In to Sir Charles. As she did so she noted the eager, admiring glance, which the young baronot bestowed upon her, and also the faint flush which stole into the bonutiful girl's chock, and the shy drooping of her white lids after her first glance into his noble face. "They will love each other," sheo said to herself, with saddon conviction; "and, oh, how well fitted they are for each other-he so grand and true, sho no gentle and lovable." It did Indeed seem as if her prophecy was likely to come true, for Sir Charles had neither oyes nor cars for anyone else throughout his call. He hardly noticed Arley after their first greeting, until his mother arose to go; then he soamed to suddenly ro member his errand there. " Mrs Paxton," he said, " I have sue. ceeded in sooouring a place for your pictures at the exhibition." "So soon " cried Arley, astonished; but her face lighted with genuine plea. into. " It must be ' oon' or not at all, you know," he returnod, "for it opens to. morrow." "True. I had forgotten. How do they lookI Have they a good light 1" " The boat that they could possibly have, I was very tortunate, and they present a fine appearance, I ensure you. An artist," he explained, " was expected to bring two very fine platures from Parles, but a telegram was received last night stating that they had boon destroyed by fire, no the places reservedfor them could be given to others. I was the first appllcant this morning, and so sooered the vacant space." " How sorry I am for that poor artist I It must be a terrible disappointment," Arley said, regretfully, then adding : h aut you are very good to me, Sir Charloa ; you have literally heaped favors upon me from first to last." "No, no; not so had as that, I hope," be said, laughing. Then, in a lower tone, and with a glance at Ina " You have conferred a favor upon mo today. What an excoptionally lovely porson Miss Wentworth Is I" "She to Indeed-lovely In every sonsa of the word," and Arley bout an alffo. tionato glance upon the young girl, for whom aobe wnas hourly acquiring a strong .ttachmont. "I supposo that I-we may come to soe you again '" Sir Charlon bogged, with a somewhat coaaolous air. Arloy nlaughed a low, muical laugh; ahe could not help it, for very little had sho had of hia soelty during this viait. " Certainly you may-como na often as you liko; and," she added, with a mechiovons twinkle In her eye which made himn chaugoe color, "I have no doubt that you will rueolvo a cordial wel. come from every member of the family." "Thanks. When will you go to look at your pictures 1'" he asked, to turn the subject. "Just as soon ea I am a little roeted," Arloy raid, with a sigh. Tho excitomont of the morning had made her fool very languid and weary. " You are looking very tired, and we will not trespass longer on your atrength to-night," Sir Jharlc sald, and, with a handoclasp all around, he took his leavy, followed by Lady Herbert. " You must coma and stay a month with me, dear, just as soon as your rlonde can spare you,' her ladyshlp whiaparod in Arloy's rar, as sho kissed bar at parting. " You have beeoon with me ao long, and I have learned to love you so well, I mies you sadly." " Thank you," Arley returned, with trembling lips. "I do not know what would over have become of me but for yon." "Some other fortunate Individual would have secured your companionship, and I shonld have missed a great deal out of my life, 'rasponded Lady IIorbort, cheerfully; and then, with another kiss, followed her con to their carriago. To be Conitinued. 