A MAN'S VOICE. ? CHAPTER XXIX.— Continued. . ' ' You look glum, Lesmore,' he 'said, smiling. ' Have you seen a ghost?' , .' No ; but I have seen something I don't much like — Miss Devval driving down Piccadilly with Linwood Erie, and he — when I saw them— looking very spooney.' There was no change in Jiismona s face. . 'You're not jealous, eh? ' hs said, ...with a half laugh. . ' ' No, not I ; she's out of my reach. Sho might turn any man's head, and she nearly turned mine at first ; sho's too dazzling for a fellow of limited capacity like-me. I found that out in time, and so avoided making a fool of myself. I shouldn't have imagined she'd give Lin Erie a second thought. He's a good bit of a blackguard ! ' '? Is it a matter of ' bits ' ? ' Bort laughed. ' Well, no, if you come to that — it's the whole article, isn't it? Miss Derval may not know it; but you'd think she could see through Lin.' 'You never know,' said Esmond enigmatically. i' No— women are ' kittle-kattle.' I wonder if she has asked him to her little dinner on Wednesday ? ' ? 'Is she giving one ???' 'Yes, she has asked me, among others.' ' Bert was secretly surprised that Esmond had not been invited, but, of course, he did not give outward ex pression to the feeling. / ' I've no doubt it'll be awfully jolly,' he said, ' but I'd rather Lin Erie wasn't there.' Esmond shrugged his shoulders, and talked of something else. The dinner was a success. Linwood Erie was in the seventh heaven, and Valerie in purgatory, but no one would have dreamed it. She flashed and sparkled like dia ? 'inonds, and in a hundred subtle ways made i Linwood feel that there was ouly one person in the room in whom she h'ad any real interest, and that was himself. After dinner sho strolled with him into the conservatory. ? - She plucked a flower, and gave it him, and ho kissed it .before he put it into his buttonhole. . Nay, he caught her hand, and would have kissed that, but she snatched it hastily away. She. could not endure that — to have his lips touch her hand. She could have struck him in the face in her anger and horror ; Lut she was forced to master herself, and to be only mildly reproving. .'You go too far ! ' she said. ' I ' ? shall run away ? ' 'No, no ! Don't punish me so severely . I won ' t offend again .' 'Very well, I forgive you this once.' ' Will you show that you forgive me ? ' ' Indeed ! You'1 are malapert, as our forefathers .would have said.' -' But you will be merciful ? ' '! I think I am already. You en croach.' '' ?'' ', ' ' ' Con'side'r'the temptation.' ' Well, what do you want me to do?' '. ' ' ' ' To let me escort you to the theatre one evening very soon.' ' ' H'ni I ' She began picking a, flower to pieces. 'Perhaps.' 'Ah ! say 'yes — whatever evening, whatever theatre, you choose ! ' '' No ; I am content to leave the choice of the theatre to yon. The day —next Monday.' '' s , ' You are too good to me,'- Linwood said, enraptured, and keeping 'back for the present another proposition ? he had to make.' ., ,, He could not doubt that 'Valerie was his captive : ? ' emancipated ' though she was, she ' would 'hardly have accompanied him alone ' to the theatre, had it been otherwise,, he told himself. - -' ??; _-- ? But Valeric did not prolong the tete-a-tele. ' '' ? She put an end to it when she thought it had ? been . long enough ; though she allowed Linwood,'- in 'bid ding ' Good-night,' to hold her hand more closely^ than friendship war ranted, and gave him to understand that she would be at home , on Friday afternoon. ,\ But when sho was ' alone', Valerie covered her face with her hands, and whispered in agony — , . - ' Esmond does not come ! How should he? What must , I, 'seem to him? He must misjudge /me. It is my own doing, and I dare not toll him yet — not yet ! ' ' ? '?' CAAPTER XXX. ,; Night after night Hester Craddock ' awaited' Linwood Erie1 with the promised money, but in 'vain. ? , w Was he foolish enough to scorn;her, or was he really without 'money ? ' In either case Miss'- Craddock had no intention of being , .without ' morioy herself- ' '' '??'??'?' So, one morning,' she put on' her bonnet and clonk, tooknu, omnibus to . South Kensington, and walked up to the door of thu irreproachable and re spected President of the Thrift Society, and patron of all sorts of missions 'to Chinamen, Malays, and other, remote nations. A servant opened the door. Tho humblo cluss and somowhrtt ? shabby attire of the parson on the step did not surprise him. He was accustomed to see shabby and ill dressed people at his house. Ho only thought that Hester was a disciple of thrift, or a missionary, or a ' goody ' of some sort ; but when sho began talking on her fingers, he looked puzzled, and shook his head. She was evidently prepared for this, for she next drew out a paper, and handed it to the servant, who read — ' I am dumb, but not deaf. I want to see Sir Robert Erie on business of great importance. He does not ; know ,my nuuiu. . . : - . .-;.. i ;; The servant looked dubious for a moment ; for, of course, not a few im postors came to the house : ithen ho said — ';: *'? ' ???}. : ? ,- ' Come in here, and l'lUitakc this' to Sir Robert.' ; Ho opened the door of a; sitting room, very plainly furnished and con taining nothing portable 'that was worth carrying off, and then went his way to his master's study, where Sir Robert and Basil were immersed in letters and newspapers about their ' blessed fads,' as tho highlyrespect able servant secretly termed the phil anthropic schemes of his masters. ' Please, Sir Robfirfc,' he said, ' there's a woman in the waiting-room gave me this paper,' handing it on a salvor. Sir Robert rend the lines. ' A dumb woman,' he said to Basil, ' and not deaf — how strange ! Well, I can use the dumb alphabet. I will see her in a few minutes, Carr.' ' Some impostor, I daresay,' re marked Basil. 'Possibly,' replied Sir Robert, ris ing. '' Did you enclose the circular to Linwood, Basil ? ' ' About the Exeter Hall meeting on Monday?.' asked the other, with an immovable countenance. ' Yes.' ' It was posted this morning.' But when the door was closed on his parent, Basil sniggered. 'What a greenhorn the governor is ! ' he said to himself. ' I think I hear Lin's guffaw when ho receives that precious circular.' Sir Robert Erie entered the': waiting- room, and bent his head coldly to the square-sot, plain woman who stood before him, and took no trouble, to answer his salute. ??' -^~- He was not a genial man, or really a charitable one, but hard andunsym-| pathetic, and, in his, heart, he pro-! f erred well-dressed to 'shabby peo ple. ' What can I do for you? ' he said. 'I understand the dumb alpha bet.' Hester nodded ; then, xmbidden, she sat down and. began. ' My narao is Hester Craddock — that is what I am called. My mother's name was Ellen Worseley.' As her fingers spelt the name, she saw that Sir Robert started and changed colour. ' You know the name ? 'she added, with a sneer. Sir Robert was a shrewd man, and he now perceived the visitor's drift. Ho, drew himself up, he had remained standing, since the woman choso to sit — and replied coldly — ' No, I do not know the name.' ' Oh ! yes, you ' do,'-' she said. ' Ellen Worseley was servant at Moulton's Farm, where you stayed one summer for the fishing — in Borkshire it was. 'You were a young man then, and not a 'saint — as you are now,! My mother told me all about it before she died. I am your' daughter, Sir Robert, and you know it — you arq as pale as a' ghost I ' ' '- -v ' '''-,, Tho worthy gentleman had, indeed, grown very pale. ?, ' But Linwood know' his father better than' Hester did — sho, in 'truth',' did ,not know him at all — and Sir-Robert's reception of her statements was ; what his son had said it would be.' v 'If this ' is an attempt at1' black- mail',' he' declared,' ' it , is a 'failure. Either you have made .up ,the whole story,- or I am not the person yon want. '' I know nothing of these cir cumstances.'.', Hester laughed. ' You're a first-class liar,' she said, j'for such, a , man as - you. set to be. You know^quite well I am speaking the truth. ' I*am like iny mother : you must see that. , She was pretty, .and I am not ; but I am like h'er all' the same. I am poor. I want money'; ?you — my father — ought to holp me!' ' ' ' 'You aro - an ? insolent woman!' said Sir, Robert angrily. ' You are nothing to me — nor was your mother before you. - .Leavo my house I,' 'Not' yet! Your son,1 - Linwood, knows who I am.' . , ??;-,*,? ' ' You may have imposed' upon him; you will not impose upon me.' . ' Very well. - Then you don't mind all your good people knowing what a whited sepulchre you are, oh ? and what a fast lifo ' youMed ?when 'you were young?' '* \ ' My character,' said Sir Robort, with dignity, .' is not in thoi hands of such a womarf-as you: '' You may go about and toll what tales you' please. No one who knows mo will believe you : and those who do not know-mo, 'may believe what tlioy please.''' v His ' effrontery, so far 'outstripping her own, supported, too, by a manner which sho could not command, fairly staggered Hester, oven though sho knew sho was speaking tho truth, and that Sir Robert was fully aware she spoke it. , ' She looked at the old man fixedly, uncortian what step to take next. ? ? 'You don't, ask,' she^ said, at length, ' what' proofs I have ? ' ; ( ' I don't care to ask, for, I know you can havo nono ; but if you had', I should riot any tho moro submit to blackmail. I warn you not to come to this house again. It will be quite useless. Tho servants .will.have ordors not to admit you ; and if -yon annoy me in any way I shall give,,you in charge.' , Hester looked at' him like a bafllud animal ; but she read no yielding in the hard, stern face — no ray of pity for tho woman he must have known to bo his own neglected, abandoned child. Sir Robort was fighting for dear life, and he fought in the best possible way : that is, as Linwood would havo put it, by a complete ' bluff.' The slightest sign of fear or yield ing, and Hostcr would have gained rthe upper hand ; but, quaking though he was inwardly, he presonted a bold and scornful front to the enemy, and lied so like truth . that, but for the mute confession of his involuntary start and pallor, the keenest outside ob server might havo believed him as in nocent as he said ho was. (To be Continued.) 