BELIGJON IN BUSINESS. TnE Rev. Charles Sheldon was recently the principal fpeaber at tht Free Assembly Hall, Edinburgh, and the keynote of hiB speech was the enme as the central idea of " In His Steps." He asked was the teaching of Jesus Christ merely visionary and ideal, or wns it possible to put it into practico in daily life ? He proposed to apply the teaching to four different kinds of people, viz., lawyers, doctors, I'uisiness men and journalists. He got leave of absence from his church in his city, and lived a week with the lawyers, another with the doctors, a third with the business men, and ho edited a newspaper for a week. As to the lawyers, his general conclusion was that Christianity did not influence thoir lives at all, and some of tho best lawyers said that they did not think that men of their profession could be Christians. He did not beliere that. He was disappointed with bis woob among the doctors. They never talked about Christ; '.hey became hardened and talked of tbe human body, tbe " Temple of the Holy Ghost," as if it were a bit of meat. He urged doctors to ennoble their profession. They should tell patients, and particularly young people, of the evils of alcohol on the human body. Not more than half-a-dozen business men with whom he talked in his week with them could say that they really tried to live a Christian life in lmsinesB. They said it was not possible. He did not beliere that, though it might mean lose of money. He hated ihe word "succeee" when applied to the success of some business men. Successful thieves ho called them. In America men who had pews in church and helped to pay the pastor'B salary combined to " corner" the necessities of life. Dealing lastly with journalism, Mr. Sheldon said that the great want of tbe age was a Chris* tian daily paper. He deniod that bis essay as editor of a dally was a failore, His editing was meant as an object lesson, not as an experiment. He denied that he got any profit for his work, though it had beon said that he received a large sum, and declared that the cir cu'.aiion had went up fiom 12,000, to 300,000 copies per day. That was not a failure. Theappeal in his for famine paper stricken India produced 50,000 dollars in money, and GO,000 bushels of wheat. His paper had also been tho means of taieing money to build a home for consumptives. Despilo reports to the contrary, the pipor contained all the news that week that w.s worth giving. There waB not very much. (Laughter.) H« bad roceiiod thousands of letters promising support to a real Christian daily if he would « uly start ono. Ono day he got 988 letters. If they had a real Chriatiau pnss behind this great teinpi-ranc? movement they might almost see the'millenium in a decade. 