A Cluster of Camphire. Sermon by Rev. Dn. Taemaqk. My Beloved is to me as a cluster of camphiro . in the vineyards, of Engedi. — Song of Solomon i. 14. OLOMdN'S Song has been considered by many as fib only for moonstruck senti mentalists ; written by a voluptuary, the story of a niun crnzi x by a fair maiden j fit neither for 'family prayers nor for church. Indeed, we must admit that there were yenrs in Solomon's ' life when he had several hundred more wives than ho was entitled to: but , , , "a rePe,,ted of his sin, and God chose him to write some of the best things about Christ that have over been .written. . Besides that, .1 think the criticism of modern times upon the im modesty of tilts Bible comes with poor grace from a century in which the writings of George Sand eome to their fortieth edition, and Christians cannot get to the prayer meeting bccauso " they havo tickets 'for places of depraved amusemeuts. I think, moreover, as far as I can' sec, that there are things turned out upon the community to-day that bid fair to do more damage than the Song of Solomon. Hear, now, ono of his fresh and fair descriptions of Jesus. If I hud twenty years to preach, I would like to employ ten in bringing out to - observation . those representations of Christ that have as yet been passed by. I do not know why the pulpit should hover over a few types of Christ when there tire so many symbols of Jesus that have never been discoursed upon. Why should we employ all our time in examining a few lilies, when lite Bible is' a great garden filled with fuchsias, and with daffodils, and with amaranths, and with evening primroses for tho eloso of life's day, and crocuses at the foot of the snow- bank of sorrow, and hcart's-ease for the troubled, and passion flowers ! planted at' the foot of -a cross, and morning glories spreading out under the splendours of the' breaking day? Some years ago I ' discoursed to you about " the white hairs of Jesus," and some of tho newspapers supposed it was a mere fancy of my own, not knowing that in Revelation i. li tho Bible speaks thus of Christ, " Hjs . head and his hairs were white like wool, as white its snow." — sym bolising the eternity of Jesus. Terraced on the side of the mountain were the vino- yards of Engedi. Oh, they were sweet pluces ! From a shelving of the mountain 400ft. high, waters eame down in beautiful baptism on the faces of. the leaves ; the grapes intoxicated with their own wine; pomegranates with juices bursting from the rind ; all fruits, and flowers, and ai'o- inalic woods— among the sweetest of these the eaniphirc plaut of the text. Its flowers are in clusters— graceful, fragrant, sym bolical of Jesus; for "my Beloved is unto me as a cluster of camphire from the vine yards of Engedi." I will carry out the idea of my text, and show you that this camphire' plaut of the text Wits a symbol of Christ because of its fragrance. If I had a branch of it and should wave it in your midst, it would fill all the house with its redolence. The. camphor, as we have it, is offensive to some; but the camphire plant of the text had a fragrance gracious to all.' The vine yards of Kngcdi bathed in it— flic branches, the buds, the" blossoms, dripping with sweetness, typical of the sweetness of Christ. The name of Cresar means power ; the name of Herod means cruelty; the name of Alexander means conquest ; the name of Demosthenes means eloquence ; the name of Milton means poetry ; the name of Benjamin West means painting; the name of Phidias means sculpture; the name of Beethoven means music ; the name of Howard means reform; but the namo of Christ means love. It is the swoctest name that ever melted from lip or heart. As you open an old chest that has long been closed, the first thing that strikes, you is tho pe'rfumo of the herbs that were packed amid tho clothing. So there aro hundreds of hearts here which, if opened, would first offer to you the name of Jesus. Have you not 'seen Hitn? Through tho dark night of your sin has He not flashed upon your vision? IJeauti- ful-whon Ho comes to help, beautiful when He comes to save. A little child was crying very much during the time of an eclipse. It got so dark at noon that she was afraid, and kept sobbing, nnd could not he silenced, until after a while the sun came out again, and she clapped her hands, and joyfully said, "Oh, the sun! the sun!" Somo of us have been in the darkness of our sin; eclipse has passed ovjr our soul; but after a while the Sun of . Righteousness poured His beams upon our hearts, nnd wo cried, "The sun! the sun Beautiful down in the straw of the Bethlehem khan 1 Beautiful in His mother's sha wl, a fugitive to Egypt ! Beautiful with His feet in tho Galilean surf ! Beautiful with the children about His neck ! Beau tiful in the home circle of Bethany! Fairer than the sons of men ; dayspring from on high; light for those who sit in darkness; roso of Sharon.; /lily of the valley — alto gether lovely! Oh, He is such a sin- pardoner, such a trouble-soother, such a wound-binder, such a grave-breaker, that the ' faintest pronunciation of His namo rouses up all tho incense of the garden and all tho perfume of the tropics, while -the soul, in affection, cries out, "My Beloved is unto me as a cluster of camphire from tho vineyards of Engedi." But how shall I talk of. the sweetness of Christ's pardon to those who , havo never felt it; of the sweetness of . His comfort to those who havo reinsed His promise; of the sweet ness of His face to those who havo turned their back upon His , love? Now, a great many people may think this is merely sickly sentimentality. Jonathan Edwnrcls was -a. coo' man.' He was liarsh in some of his opinions ; ho was never ' afflicted with any sentimental ardour ; and 'yet, when the name of Christ was mentioned, it threw him into a transport, l'aul was a cool .logician, with nerves unshaken in .tho .Mediterranean, shipwreck, a granitic nature, comfortable .with the whole world against him, slinking his flst in the face of the governments of earth and the forces of darkness; yot the thought of Christ thrilled him, overwhelmed him. John Knox- was _ unbending in his nature. Tho flash of bis indignation made the' Queen shiver and ' Duchess quako; yet ho sat down as a little child at the feet of Jesus. But I remark further : This camphire plant of the text was a. symbol, of Christ in the. fact, that it, gives colouring.! From tho Mediterranean to the Ganges the people of the Enst gathered it,' dried the leaves, pulverised them, and then used thcrn as a dyo for beautifying garments ot their own persons. It . was tiigt fact that gave the . camphire' plant of the: text its ' commercial valuo in tfie timo of - King Solomon : a typo ot- my, Lord Jesus, who beautifies and ndorris ;nud colours -everything- Ho touches. I havo ito faith in that mim's conversion whose religion docs not /colour his'- 'entire- V: 5S; was -intended so- to do: ' If a man has the grace of God m his heart, it- ought to show itself in the life.. - The trouble is, men do not take their religion with them: Tho merchant leaves it outside tho-coun'- ter, lest it disturb tho goods. Tho house keeper will not let lici- religion trail its -robes in the kitchen oil washing day: Tho philosopher will not let. his religion come m anna the batteries, lest it get a galvanic shock.; But I tell yotf, unless your re ligion goes with you everywhere, it goes nowhere. That, religion was intended > to colour all tho heart .and the life. But, mark you, it was a bright. colour. For the most part it was an orango dye made of this camplurc plant, one ot tho most bril liant of all tho colours; nnd so the religion of Jesus Christ casts no blackness . or gloom upon the soul. . It brightens . up everything. There is no inoro religion in a funeral than there is m a wedding; no more religion in tears than m smiles. David was no better when be. said ho cried out of tho depths of hell, than he was when ho snul that his mouth' was filled with laughter and lus tongue with singing. The best men thnt I have ever known have laughed the loudest. Religion was intended to brighten up all our character. Take out tho sprig of cypress from your coat and put in a " cluster of camphire from the vineyards of Engedi." Religion's "ways are ways of plensnntness, and all her paths are peace." I have always found it so, and hundreds in this house have always found it so. I remark again, that the c.-unphire plant was a symbol of Jesus Christ because it is a mighty restorative. Yon know that there is nothing that starts respiration so soon m ono who has fainted as camphor, "as wo havo it. But upon a sponge or hand-', kerchief, the effects are almost immediate. Well, this . camphire plant of the text, though somewhat different from thnt which wo have, was a pungent aromtftic, and in that respect it becomes a type of our Lord Jesus Christ, who is tho "mightiest of all restoratives. I have carried this camphire plant into, the sick mom, after the doctors had held their consultation nnd said there was no hope and nothing more could be done, nnd the soul brightened up under the spiritual restorative. Thero is no fever, no marasmus, no neuralgia, no consump tion, no possiblo disease of the body, that the grace of God will not help. I wish that over every bed of pain and through every hospital "of distress we might swiiig this cluster of camphire from the vine yards of Engedi." Christ's hand is the softest pillow.- Christ's' pardon is the strongest stimulus, Christ's comfort is the mightiest anodyne, Christ's salvation is the grandest, restorative. It makes a mail mightier than his physical distress. "Art thou weary? Art thou languid? Art thou sore distressed? 'Come to me,' sailh One — 'and, coming, be at, rest.' If I ask Him to receive me, will He say me nay ? Not. till earth, and not till heaven, pass away. Finding, following, keeping, struggling,' is Ho sure to bless ? Saints, apostles, prophets, martyrs, answer — 'Yes!'" This grace is also an efficient restorative for the backsliding. "Whom do you mean by that?" you say. I mean you who used to frequent the house of God, but seldom go thero now; you who once used to pray, but never pray now; you who once sat at the holy" communion, but take not the Lord's cup now; I mean you who once rejoiced iii Christian society, hut now sit amid scoffers. Backslider ! Oh, what a suggestive word! Backslider ! From what have you slid back? You have slid back from your father's faith, from your early good habits. You have been sliding baclj from Christ, from tho cross — sliding baek from heaven. When a man begins to slide he knows not where he will go. You havo been sliding back towards dark ness; back toward an unblessed grave, to ward a precipice, the first ten million miles of which downward are only a small part of tho eternal plunge. You were, perhaps, professors in the country ; you havo made shipwreck in tho town. It may be that the ciub blighted you ; it may be that fash ionable society destroyed you ; it may he the kind of wife whom you married. You havo no more hope for heaven now than if you had lived iu Central Asia and never heard of Christ and the judgment. Oh, where is that Biblo you used to read? Where is that room where you used to pray? "What havo you done with that Jesus whose voice you once heard? Oh, murdered hours! Oh, massacred privi leges! Oil, dead opportunities! Wake up now and shriek in that man's ear until he shall rouse himself from the horrible som nambulism, walkiug as he does, fast asleep, within an iueh of hell ! Oh, that he might orv out now, "Golden Sabbaths, coiiio back! Communion seasons, come hack ! AYooings of the Holy Ghost, come back!" But they will not come. Gone ! gone 1 gone 1 Sorrow will come, hut not they. Oh, that you might save the few remaining years of your life, ami , conse crate them to Christ! . 