I OUR SUNBEAM BOOKSHELF. "A good book and a loving friend Are sunbeams over until life's end." SHELF 111. ESSAYS ON "THE INFLUENCE OF BOOKS" (Continued). Ilc-re ale the essays held over i'rom l.ibt ?week: MAY DAWSON. Influence, .literally "a flowing in" of power from something outside ourselves. ilow ran printed pages, thumbed and finger marked, read in seaton and out of season, have any power over tlie actions of living' mpn and womenV In (hose printed pages are revealed to the thouglilul, eiirnest reader the felings and characters of the authors. The books are a part of the writers themselves, often tho heat pair, for, though a man may not live up lo his ideal, lie inay.w:ite about it, and tell his readers what his ideal is, that they, in turn, may have their own thoughts and aims purified and strengthened. Jiacli writer expresses Home of his individuality in his work, and'accordingly as his aims and motives are pure "«r otherwise, so will the inllueucc be that is exerted, often unknowingly, upon the readers. Just as a good book will in some way have a power for good, so will a bad book have power for evil. Jt is difficult to draw a hard and fast line between the two, for books, like people, are of such mixed varieties, that it is often hard to distinguish the true from the false. Among much chaff we may find a fi;\v grains of wheat, and then tlie question arises whether the wheat was worth the trouble of threshing for, or whether the chaff has not done us more harm by getting < in our eyes and ears mentally, and impairing our taste for wheat when found. In spite of all the drawbacks of trashy books, and time wasted oil tlieni, we owe much to the art of literature. Books widen our outlook, deepen our sympathies, and stir, us up generally by bringing hs in contact with the sorrows, st niggles, and pleasures of others. When books were unthought-of luxuries to tlie masses of the people, it is not to be wondered at that cruelty, euijerstitlon, and narrow-mindedness abounded. When people had no means of knowing, except by vague rumour, what went on in the world outside their own small corncr of it, how other folks lived and struggled and conquered; when they could leani nothing definite of tlie discovery and history of other lands and nations; when their thoughts and feelings were uncultured and uncon trolled, and they spent their leisure tirao in idle gossip of their neighbours, or the time-honoured ghost, for want of something better to talk about, was it any wonder that mobs were so easily roused to riot and disturbance over very small'matteraV From the Rook of books itself, down to the cheap pamphlet of to-day, there emanates from every kind some degree of power, that helps to jnake the world better or worse. TTiere is tlie book of travel, that introduces us to foreign lands and peoples; the Heientiflo work, that leads us to consider the wonders of partially revealed na tural forces: tlie philosophical teaching, that cul tivates our intellect; and, most widely read of all, there are the stories of the lives of human lieings,. that help us to forget our own troubles in em pathizing with others. The degree of influence Is not regulated only l>y the writers, but also by the amonut of attention bestowed by the readers. One may, by reading too many, even of good books, acquire a superficial knowledge that is not lasting. . If we allowed a good book more time to do Hb work in. our minds, and devoted mora care to the. cultivation of im pressions received, we might gatn faore good from one book well read than from half a dozen care lessly, read, $ud little remembered.:-599 words. 