AS f fKACQUARIE AJJYOGATI "rtilj COMING TARIFF. ~ TUB fiscal question which, hero as in every other Australian province, lias been the first of political problems, is now rele gatoi to Hie coming Federation. The straggle ill the Parliament of Australia is likely to be "a severe if uot a Ion# one,. The framers of the new tariff will outer on a task of aluiast superhuman diffi culty, and their pasiti:m will uot be one t > be envied.' The economic character of the tariff will be the; first considera tion-i.e., is it to be primarily of a revenue or a "protective" character? Already both politisal parties have pre pared for the conflict. Tlia Protectionists have held a conference 111 Melbourne at which those present pledged themselves to fight for a tariff Kami-restrictive in character. The Freetraders of the colonies have responded with a conference in Sydney-attended by representatives of New South Wales, Victoria, South Aus tralia and Queensland, and, after three days of deliberation, an " Australian Freetrade and Liberal Association " was declared formed thereat. The objects were, after debate, unanimously set out as " The defence and propagation of free trade and other liberal principles; (b) The election of freetrade insmbers for the Cmnawnwealth Parliam2iit." " A coastitutiou with certain Executive and other machiuery was agreed on. The Conference then proceeded to define the first plank in its platform thus :-" That tli3 first Federal tariff should, as far as ? the cxigeucies of the several States will permit, embrace a number of duties some what similar to those in force in Great Britain, with the intention of as soon as possible establishing a free breakfast table ; any deficiency of reveuue in such latter case to be made up by direct taxa tion." A provisional committee was ap pointed, and arrangements were made for the holding of public imcitings through out Australia prior to the opening of the campaign for the Federal elections. The firstmovements towards a struggle of a kind unparalleled on this coutiuent liave beau in ule. The result will be one of linst nioiii iiitoas imporlaiicc. At a later ?date we nuy refer at greater length to the question with which we are b'iing brought lace to face. With the advance of ? true liberalism in government and With a growing recognition of the true iniuuer in which industry aud social advancement are to be encouraged, there are indications that the truest com unrcial fresdom miv characterise the -comiug Commonwealth of Australia. Lvni) SILE.-To-day (Wednesday) trarioas portions of land in the Peak Hill, Trailgie, and Dandaloo districts, in area from 23j- to CtO aires, wiJl be offered at auction at the Dubbo Land Office. A SENSATIONAL RUNAWAY. - The town was thrown into considerable ex- citement on Monday morning by the bolting of McLoghlin Bros.' horse and lorry through several of the leading thoroughfares at a pace that threatened disaster to pedestrians, vehicles, public lamp-posts, and to property in general. That such results did not follow was largely due to the splendid service ren- dered by a visitor from the country, to whose exertions reference is made below. The horse and lorry, which were in charge of young Harry Nolan (son of the former proprietor), were standiug outside the Royal Hotel, when the animal, who was rather restive, succeeded in getting the bridle off his head, and then bolted. Young Nolan kept his seat as the horse tore up Macquarie street into Bultge street, thence along that thoroughfare and via Bourke street to the open green facing Newtown. Mr. J. Robinson, junr., of Minore, witnessed the occurrence and followed at full speed on horseback. To stop the bolting horse was out of the question, and Mr. Robinson wisely de- voted his attention to guiding him as far as possible and otherwise allowing him to run himself out. The horse returned via Cobborah street to Mac- quarie street, the full length of which he traversed. He then darted into Talbragar street, only the most careful attention preventing one or two ugly mishaps hereabouts. At last as he turned into Darling street, the exhausted animal slowed down and was brought to a stand- still near the Park View Hotel. Nolan had retained his seat manfully through- out; and strange to relate neither horse, vehicle, nor harness appeared much the worse for the exciting episode. MOUNTED RIFLBS AT DUBBO.-Al though only a few days have elapsed .since the meeting held for the formation of "a Mounted Rifle half-company for Dubbo, about 35 names have been handed in spontaneously. As soon as a sufficient number hare been received, a meeting of intending members will be called. WESLEY Ay CHUBOH.-Ln aid of the Wesleyau Church funds a lantern entertainment, chiefly dealing with Dickens' famous Christmas story " Mar ley's Ghost," was given in the church 011 Saturday evening. The illustrations were excellently produced by tbe aid of the powerful- limelight lantern possessed by Rev. W. Stewart; the accompanying readings being contributed by Mrs. Heaydon. The programme also included ihe well-known Temperance narrative " Ten nights in a bar - room," and as a finale '. The story of the life boat," the views in this last part being illustrative of a recitation well rendered by Miss Heaydon. During the closing scene* of the Christmas story one or two concealed choruses were given with excellent cffect by representatives of the choir. There was a fairly good attendance, and the entertainment, which was both instruc tive and interesting, seemed highlv appre ciated. 