WHAT OIVEftS SEE. I had been a boy In the British Navy said Andrew Cameron to a writer in the 'Chicago Intor-Oeean,' but at the age of IB (the pre- ' scribed age) I took tbe position of torpedo diver. M- first Teal diving experience was off Trincomalee, Isle of Ceylon. The mail boat Hankow had capsized, end all handB on board were drowned. The daughter of the Governor of that island had been to Sngland, Md wag going home on this ship. I was at Singapore at the time, and was sent for by Admiral Ryder, to reoover the mails and bring tbe bodies baas. When I bad .got up about everything, and all the luggage and bodies I could find I was informed that the Gover nor's daughter was «U11 missing. * At last I found her in a small state-room, where She had been sitting with her satchel in her band, ready to go ashore. I had no thought of finding o-jyone in the room, as the ports were shut, whereas all the rest of the ports were open. Upon entering the door, s strong circulating current w»s caused, and in an instant the Uf e-litte body rose at me with, a bound. Perfectly-dazed, I finally came to the surface. When they saw me the men cried: 'Sootty has seen a ghost.' When I recovered a little bit, I said: 'You had better go down yourself and find the ghost.' Tlien they told me that joy hair was white, and I went to a glass and saw my hair, which had* been very black, had in stantly changed and was half white. I wag the. only diver there, so that be soon as I was able t went down and brought up the body. My second divine operation was off the Isle of Wight. H.M.S. Enrydioe sank and 500 boys and men were drowned, only two men having escaped. Your humble servant being at Portsmouth at the time, I was telegraphed to go down and get the bodies, etc I pro ceeded with the work, raising them by means of a heavy case, with iron binding. The work was at a depth of twenty fathoms, and the sight of the hatchways leading down to the main deck jammed with': the men, us they had rushed together to get up, was the vilest I have ever seen. It was necessary to separate them one by one. and pass them to my mate. The work had to be done carefully, as they would slip away if merely touched. We found men sitting at a table actually writing Utters to foflm at home. One of my experiences aboard the Pene lope was at Alexandria. The.. Council sent word to Admiral Hornby that there were torpedoes arranged to deBtroy the fleet: One Thursday afternoon the signal went up for divers to look for torpedoes, this being at tbe time of the bombardment of Alexandria. I went down under fire, and it appeared that I was the only man who reached the bottom. I found a Wfaitehead torpedo, the most dangerous kind, -with f ose attached. I did not know what minute it might go oft, but without hesitation I cut the wire with ~nineer8. For this act I was awarded a pension for life. My term of service having expired I returned to Bathgate, and went to work in a coalpit. Shortly after 1 received a telegram to pro ceed to Boness, Scotland, and go down i pit and open a trap door in a coal-mino, where eight personB were hemmed in by a torrent of water. Before going down I had to get diving gear. I could not get a good orest, but as there were lives at stake. I went at a great risk. I got within thirty yards of the victims and cut away at the door, but I was in absolute darkness, and the rnsuing water drew me away. I then managed to tie myself to a post with tbe life-line, and proceeded. This flood was caused by tbe water from an old mine near by finding its way to tbe new one. - The boy stationed at the trap-door where the tubes are raised had gone to sleep, and the miners, working up an inclined shaft, were not warned of tbe oncoming flood. As the shaft filled the men were cut off from the main shaft, as they could not get over the hutches, the road being very narrow. After going up for a spell, I returned, to find one of the mea sitting near a glimmer ing light, and a boy crying. As I approached they both ran back, thinking I was a devil, although I tried to motion to them. . I found a spike-nail, and going all the way out of the water, I removed my mouthpiece. This was rather dangerous, as my guide might have drawn me into the water. When I got it off and talked to them, they wanted to know what day it was. as they bad been three days without food. I then went to the top of the pit and took food to them in a tin can. I opened it with my diving-knife, and gave the men a share. There were hundreds of people at the pit waiting for the good word, and I think the first manly thing 1 ever did was to bring this little boy on my shoulder thirty yards through the darkness and water and send him to his mother, where a Dr. Kirk took him in hand. By this tune the water bad abated considerably, and I succeeded in get ting all hands out. In three hours more the water would have filled the shaft where the men were located. My greatest feat, which made methe world's record diver,' was at Loch Craig, Jnv,enjesK Bhire, Scotland. It was where the embank ment had given way, a coincidence Bimilar to the recent wreck on the New York Central Railroad. The heavy supply of rain caused thB embankment to subside about six inches, and the rails being off the level, tbe embank uientgave way and tbe engine left the rails and tipped into the water. It was a mineral train, and only the en gine went over, as the coupling yielded. Drivers failed to go down, as it was 200 feet. I was called from a place called Dole Bay, where I was working for tbe Northern .Lake Company. I proceeded at once to seui''h for the two bodies; being a Government cer tificate man I bad to go. I found [ would need longer diving tackle. I bad but two 60ft. lengths. VY hen I had got more tubing I went down with the three lengths, and landed a short distance from the engine at the bottom. I fitted up two iron railway chairs, which I used in making the descent. I sank them to the bottom on a coil of twenty-seven rope, and I had to go up and down it like a monkey. On my first actual descent I landed on the funnel of the engine. 1 climbed down, and found the engineer Btanding with his hand clinohed on the throttle valve. The fireman was standing with such a death-grip upon the hand- break that I found it difficult to get him away. I made them fast to the line I QOU Wlbll UiO, Will HOVCUUDU. *? ICUnuu .1 VTOO down thirty minuteB. The weight of the diving dresB is no small item in the work, the actual weight being 180 pounds to carry about, including 28 pounds on each foot. When I came up I was bleeding at the nose, ears, and mouth, as the pressure on my body . was 84 pounds to the square inch, in addition to tbe outer pressure of the water on my body. _ _________^___ 