S AN INDIAN IHORROR, (A.\ Garath Kulnar Ghal , in the "Dally I:xprss," July 12.) At this Inomcllt, trin the lianks of tthe G(citdverY ,, lthe e\'ntis of the lOled?). all India is a t?qs-'rt. txt" nilions of p9o lle,, as large nunllgut, l is would tLvice Iill England and \Vals. a.e iaked with t1hl itpanlgs of hanger; six i-n.!imls would diir to-in-murrto but for ia hIntial of rie. l-ow nlinny more havre pus-,-d a "-Aii Ibeyund the reach of hullian aid, no Ilnpl ranr tell. I1i ('untlal India th.. al.litison I is t deepest. Tihrefields are void and halnl?, and with out people.. TIh cralckI.,,I ealt:l. burnt to a liaoitgainy ibrolvn, shlies forl tain.t. Nut ia atch ?f green aoyl, h,"-, i,,' a blade of Bras.. The leaves of the tra.s, with ered, frizzled, ti istd, ha\ve fullh-n. off the nalkdl hltanclhes. In c·nitirt village; not a li\ving soul can he s ,een\, ave, 'llh:lps, an nt twi.ttll bullock breathing out its Ifte In lithe ?nmptany of a stlau ing crow, that wiates!l fur its last guas froml an adfa cent iung-heal. H lalf tile populatlion. Ihs, .still able to wallk or stand, lt've ;Ione off to the Irelief campls; the other nliti have laid themselves down to die in ?i. tIie in 1".\veI? and dlark places. The scilin(- inl the ianlop are grim a?dt itra-ic. FIomII1 one thousand to five thon i;,?itd arle gathered together in dlffereklt Iplates-a multitude of skin and bones, alld hollow, glassy eyes. The flesh on any' oif thlmi woutl not civer the body of an' average English bahe. Their emaciated& falcts iealr the expression of abysmal de pair, intensified a hundredfold by, con trast with the look of Intelligence and even of refinement in those'not so far g -iie in starvation. Little children, who hav\e (come with their mothers into-the tciamp, stand with large lustreless eyes. watc:hinlg tile hungry, mangy curs, that, too.. lhav\e followted In the wake of the ,population-and they fight with the curs toI snatch a half-eaten crust. The uhuak ttlor ill the camp is breaking stones; the I[pay, an anna (penny) a day. A large heap, clomprising a dozen big rocks, the largest half a hundredweight, is a man's allotted task; a lesser heap, a woman's; half a man's heap Is a clllld'si And those stones have to be broken up so small as to make macadam roads. I A traveller was passing by the camp, a sturdy young Englishman. : He noticed a man sitting before his unbroken heap. with his arms thrown dejectedly over his knees. A few yards off was 'a girl- of eight, ineffectually 'tapping a cobble stone with a small mallet. The traveller took in the situation, and asked thi ,man for his hammer. The half-starved crea ture's hands trembled weakly in merely ralsing, the hammer, and the young Eng lishman, athlete though he was, essayed a- dozen vigorous blows before, he could split the rock. Ilut he stayed -an hbir, and broke up the man's heap, and: the girl's.. And now a new terror was added to the sufferings of the multitude. So far they had water to drink; now the shallow wells, dug with spades and mattocks, had yielded up their last diop. The camp had no scientifle apparatus for horing deep ar tesian wells. 'And the heat was terrific: 150 deg. Ill the sun. The sun was a ball of fire in a sky- ofcopper. The thirstymmul titude gazed upwards with tolling ton gues, but saw not a rain-cloud anywhere. Maddened with unutterabie pain, they iroke forth in search of water. Ill a body they deserted the camp: Hunger was bad; thirst a thousand times worse.: Far across the fields they roamed In groups of tens and twenties. At last a cry of joy was heard; it came flom a party mak lag townads a clump of trees and low Ihushles. All vithlin ear-shot rushed that way. In the centre of the little jungle wvas a stagnant pool-tile remains of last year's raoin, protected from the fierce sun by the overhanging trees and tall bam boo reeds. But the water was a yellow cih green, covered with a threefold layer of rotting leaves. It was all alive with living, creeping things, and buzzing with blue-winged'flies. Into this the multitude east thetmselves, and lapped up the water greedily with their tongues. That night- cholera broke out in - the camp-"black' choleri," tha-t'tortures. Its victims with untold agonlesbefore releas ing them by death, Its only mercy Is that it isnso short; sometimes three: hours, at most six; That night tile multitudelaid *themselves 'down- by thle:roadside. Most of them were in bare loin cloths; here and there one lay shrouded in a white sheet like a silent ghost.. The heat was 110 in the shade. and this at night. Tile unwin hig moon shone alike upon dead and dy Ing.; Not a breatll of wind stirred the dust-motes that hung in the., air , like tpainted spots agalpstta painted sky,, Af ter a while tile English doctor csape. He felt a pulse here, examined a distended eyeball there,;shook his head in pllence, and passed, on. Only a few received .a dose from the black bottles his assiatant carried. The others awaited their turne some lying still in callous apathy, some struggling up with feverish eaes, to read 'their doom In the docter's face, ; Suddenly a low moan was heard In the palpitating stillness--from -some poor wretch who had read his death warrant. The effect was instantaneous. Tile cry passed from mouth to mouth. Eleven hundred moans shook the hot air,'eleven hundred cowerinig forms swayed from side to slde- In agonlslng terror. It was black despair and panic now. A sudden panic, appalling Ih its Intensity.. The eleven hundred rose up, all but the dead. and fled into the night-some tottering and0 falling, rising agaiit In vain effort, -then cast pronei uploln tile earth-some reeling like driunken men. helping each other with lickted hIains, like tile blind leading the blind. l 11 all fled into the oungle. the white, Ilitiless moon shllinng uiont ti Iluddlid haiins thatill marked the ther- wats nasli to tlul') tlhem or burn iltit froml afar off tlhere arose an omla oils sound--hoarse soree-hes and flapping wings. It was a totetk of vultures, stare. ilg, flere, figehting one nliother with claw and teln to get Ilo\n firet to do thleir This was done In the tre ,-in wood: what shall it hbe said of ti. duryl? \Wvho shall shpaak if tile 1pains iot thuse who regalned in the vilage? lRes-pet-tblt" it-maln, viil- . -d flonl the eyes of In, \illo to dlig were 11nt able. and to beg wi-re Rilhamllt! Ani wt:ten the hot. shlieph.ss ighllt ratle ltpont the nate tl" ha I t oi at l-i tlb" roadway ti lie upon. Itut what -f the 010e1n wo me-n who panted henteath o1r0., fiat roofs tinti red brick walls .\lAd iSelit of the ,hilitit l? i --fior t liii- ih all lllen are. ' "IVhy is Lord t.it horts, ills it aricket b itt? was t lt, iliJ y sit io Ai?) i.i-ritee in "Ai\ewVs- i-f .aloe to "A gooad goiid otL lhbs la ip aS off ri ol~ ones" is the rel-y t-lhlt-ih whv ".he misuttsit ( izu 0t a ftie iouand nimte. A lltllati-i ri-attir n.lp titer st is "tleci-,trao orf tis ittire ti 5A at thie it,(Is:'" :' nl tal 'I O t l t 'tSmll outht c(Oilms? thie smn50'1t ?ug?destiol, llO-eit-nIOU hie tkeetl the ball rillting in utilt Africa." IDon't tie ht a mnluddh It l n slshibg day wtllh a hia d??'aer; c,,lk a dinllner the day, Itefore. The utertl':te rnt'L of hlouset in l i?Uty .ltgginlo ltftm-l Ills tititit mls): Ohm, ly, te' nitn't got no strin.g, tlle; tut I?f ylou like'S it let liii have thlle gun, I'll shout 'rUet ar yetr. Crlnn Tthing.--"W\hat Is 'writer's Iramtiur.' ii "lltkit? eraitltOd for nmon ,, lily son. Nearly all tr a that trouble." ' ? SGilft Hlorse.-I.ile IPIe ttdn: Yi;j 'ow do yon like that eot'm'l-.old .a-nn Hirst Pa'rke:t FIlne! WO t- ite-t tt IT. " , ·- - 