(All Rights Reserved.] [PUBLISHID BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.] THE MYSTERY OF THE DARK HOUSE. By "RITA," Author of "Peg the Rake,". "Kitty the Rag," "Two Bad Blue Eyes," "A Woman In It," "Darby and Joan," "The Grinding Mills of God," "A Daughter of the People," "A Husband of No Importance," etc., etc. (COPYRIGHT.) CHAPTER XXXVII.—(Continued.) Now what foolishness overcame me at that moment I cannot tell, but down fell my basket, and I flew like one possessed over the white road, reach- ing Ruth in a moment, and dragging her with me down the narrow cliff path that led to the back entrance of the house. We had left the gate open, and through it we flew, fast as feet could carry us, slamming the door behind and turning the key in the lock. There we stood a moment to regain breath, trembling and panting, and Ruth, for one, ready to faint with terror. "Who was it?" she gasped. "I don't know," I said. "I never waited to see." "Hush!" she cried. "He do be a folloin' 'ee. 0 Lord! 0 Lord! What iver shall us do?" I clapped my hand to her mouth and listened. Sure enough footsteps were coming down the glen. Quick, firm footsteps—those of a young man, with- out doubt. We were too frightened to move. We held each other by the arm and list- ened. The footsteps stopped at the gate, and a loud knocking began. Ruth, little fool, dropped on her knees. I, regaining courage and knowing the gate was strong, demanded who was there. "A belated traveller," said a voice —and what was in its tones that should thrill me, and set my heart beating so wildly? "My carriage broke down midway be- tween Penzance and here, or I should have reached the place hours ago. Are the family all gone to rest for the night?" "Say 'yes,' " I cried imperatively in Ruth's ear. "I know who the gentle- man is." She staggered to her feet. "It be no ghaist, miss, then?" "Ghost—no. It is a friend. He must be admitted. I'll slip upstairs. You let him in, and I will waken my mother." "I can't e'en daur to open the gate," she cried below her breath. "Nonsense!" I said, and shook her sharply. "You must wait until I reach the kitchen door, and then turn the key." She rose to her feet, and I sped si- lently over the grass, reached the kitchen, and flew upstairs. I knocked at my mother's door, tell- ing her I had heard someone at the gate—a traveller who had been on his way to see us and met with an acci- dent. She bade me go down as soon as I was dressed, and she would fol- low. I returned to my room to await Ruth's summons. It would never do to confess myself one of the foolish maids he had pursued. He must only think it was the servants. What should the mistress of Penharva be doing at night, working midsummer charms on the high road? Pale and demure in my black gown, I went down into the small parlour my mother and I used for meals some quarter of an hour after Ruth had sum- moned me. He was sitting by the open window, looking at the mystic whiteness of the moonlit garden. He—I had no need to name him. My heart had done that at the first sound of his voice. He rose. I saw then how changed he was in these three years. His face was lined and pale. His eyes had lost their brightness and grown dull and lustreless. He wore a moustache and short pointed beard, which gave him the look of one of the Royalists in our picture gallery, and was quite an unknown fashion in our part of the world. "I—I can hardly flatter myself that you remember me, Miss Penharva," he said. "And what must you think of my disturbing your household at this untimely hour! But my carriage broke down midway between Penzance and here, or I should have arrived hours ago." "I remember you very well," I said. He looked at me earnestly. "You have changed since I saw you last, but the change is only to your advantage," he said. I drew my hands away from his, and, blushing, asked him to be seated. I tried to conquer my foolish con- fusion, to talk naturally, but it was strangely difficult. I welcomed the ap- pearance of Ruth with a tray of re- freshment and a jug of cider. She was speedily followed by my mother, who did the duties of hostess in her own kind, simple fashion. Then he told us of London and its gay doings, and spoke touchingly, of our bereave- ment, of which he had heard from Cousin John. I wondered what busi- ness had brought him to our out-of- the-world dwelling, but he did not ex- plain, saying only that he would but trespass on our hospitality the matter of two or three days. I spoke very little. It was pleasure enough to listen. I noted, though, that when my mother told him the house and everything at Penharva was mine, he looked at me with a new atten- tion, and after that was somewhat silent. When he had finished his supper, my mother herself showed him to his room. I lingered to give some orders to Ruth, who came in to remove the tray. "Remember," I said, pressing hard her arm. "Not a word of who was with you on this night's foolish busi- ness to anyone." She promised faithfully, and I went to my own bedhamber. It was flooded with moonlight. I needed no candle to undress. As I stood and looked at the familiar things around me, beautified now by this sil- ver flame that poured in from the open window, my eyes rested on the portrait. I started. It seemed for a moment as if it looked at me with strange earnestness, with something of warn- ing, as if it fain would speak. A great fear overcame me. I seized the matches and lit my candles quickly, then drew down, the blind. Truly imagination plays us strange tricks at times. 