| Seventy ; Times Seven. rttblished b spkoiaii ahean6biibnt. U By ADELINE SERGEANT, ; Rutlior of "The Story of a Penitent Soul," "Jucobi's Wifo."'«" Roger Vanbi-ough's ; r lYifc,'.' "Tho Great Mill Street Mystery," "A Life Sontcnce," " Dr. Endicott's H JSxperiment," "A Uoirue'a Duuirhter," "The Luck of the House," H \\. u Cuoper Brooke's Duughtor," "No Ambition," &6., &c.; B , . loorvaiouT.J I" CHAPTER XXXHL . I Ihs 1'rNisu.ME.vr. ) D T H I N C.1 more, was seen or lieuril of 1 .cnoro .down- si.-iirs that night, if llaliy was reported l\ B ln !t bot- 8 \ | tor. ami Cecil went l tj v. In his 1011111. Hut VL lie eiiuld not sleep : , - - ue iiuxeu ini- prr- i haps two minutes at a. time, then invoke ' (villi a. violent start ami iay uwaiio for tho next hour. At last he gave up tho ill tempt, ami wandered about the house like a ghost, going up several times to listen at the nursery door. As he paused there for the iiflli time, to hear if Oissv's fretful moans 1 continued, the door was softly but sud- denly opened, and Lcnore stood upon tile threshold. She had heard someone mov- j ing, and canto to see who it was. "IIow is iialiy ?" Cecil ventured to say, . fur she waited silently, no change coining over tho set calmness of Iter face. "A little ouieter." : " .May T see 1ml?" i_ " I think that you had bettor not." . ? Cecil shrank into himself at the eoid, quiet words, and turned away sighing heav ily. Shu was moved neither hv his sigli ' nor by tlio pleading eyes,, that" once lute! had such power over her. She went hack j into the room and closed tho door. Cecil ' descended the stairs, and locked himself into his room until morning. That Sunday was the most miserable day ih.it lie had ever known. Uubv. he heard, was iJl and feverish : Leuore remained with her all day; Cecil had not the heart or courage to venture out of doors. Sirs. 1 Chu'.oner arrived early in the morning to help her graml-daughlcr, mid made a siigiit diversion for him by coming down to lunch .uid dinner; but she seemed much per- piexed by tho state of affairs, and not sure whether she ought to condole .with Cecil upott the unfortunate accident or to regard him as :t monster of cruelly. Lcnore had said nothing about him,' 'but one could easily see that husband and wife were not 011 good terms. Mrs. Rrendun and Ger trude appeared in the afternoon, very anx'i- 011s on Baby's account, hut utterly uncon scious, of course, of any other source of ; discomfort or anxiety. " I can't understand Max's story at all," . ' ' .Mrs. Brandon began, seating herself on the sofa after the first greetings. " He never gives one a clear account of things. Cissy fell down, did she not?" . , "Yes, she fell," said Cecil, "but through ' my fault. 1 pushed her away from tne, ami she fell with iter head against the corner of the oak chest in the hall." " Mv dear Cecil, don't call it your fault,"' , faid his mother. "How can anyone blame you for a. mere accident like that? Surety F I, enure lias not put it into your head?" "I" don't know what she thinks about 51." said Cecil, evading a direct answer. " 1 should like to see her. What does Dr. Ward say?" " He seems to think the cut 011 lier head is going on very well, but be cannot judge vvhether her hip was much hurt-. Sirs. Ciiaioner is here; shall I semi for her to coino down?" " !. would rather see Lcnore. Can't yon /: go and ask her to come?" y x' Sho has seareely left the nursery since ' Baliy was ill ; I do not like to trouble her unnecessarily," and Cecil rang the bell. His mother majcstieally addressed the maid who appeared. " Tell your mistress I should like to see her for a few minutes." Tile girl departed ; Mrs. Brandon waited -i!"ni:y. Cecil moved restlessly from Jilaeo to place. "How anxious you must have been!" said Gertrude, noticing liis paio looks. " I hope poor little Cissy will be better now. It. was very unfortunate for you." Cecil's answer was an iuar'ticuiatc sound between a griuit and a groan. His eyes were fixed 011 the door : his lidart palpi- id filled -with the expectation of seeing his wife again. The door opened, hut only to admit Mrs. Chaioner. ' " Baby is asleep on Lenore's lap," she said, "and we don't like to disturb her; so will you kindly excuse her from coining tioiyn, dear Mrs. Urendon?" " Can wo not go upstairs?" said Mrs. Bremlon, with a dissatisfied nir. " I should like lo see how she is trentcfl. I might be iiblo to suggest, something." " She is to be kept very quiet," said Cecil. " Ibm't 'you' go up?" asked Gertrude, 'in a. bewildered tone. " No. T could do no good, and they don't want me." Mrs. Brendan became convinced that somebody— probably Lcnore — was injuring and oppressing Ceeil; but, though siie staved for tut hour, she could not get at ' Hie bottom of tho mutter. . For two or three days the child seemed j. much better; but she lay wnttdetfuTy still wherever she was laid down, and disliked it being handled. Dr. Wind examined her !i' carefully on the Wednesday, and caniu to \- the conclusion thai; injury had been done lo the hip- joint, and that she would have !' 10 he kept front walking for some time lo ' come. He was obliged lo force the little thing to put. her foot lo the ground, thus indicting great paiii ; ami Baby , showed that iier lungs at lease were not injured, liy a terrible lit of screaming and shrieking which brought Ceeil in spite, of himself lo the nursery dour. Tiio examination was just over, and lite child was being tenderly held and comfort ed by her mother, when Ceeil was ad mitted by the nurse, who had found him the picture of misery, outside the door. Br. Ward hud given his lust, directions, ami turned tit. onea to speak to tho father, to wlioui lie expounded his view of the in jury in a few kindly words. Cecil hardly heard; he was iooking at his wife ami child. When 1. cnoro saw - Dim, she had siarted and turned half round, as if to hidn Baby from hint ; a nervous, involun tary movement, but one which deeply wounded her husband. He came nearer, saying 1 ) " Baby ! Cissy ! Don't yon know papa?" ! It was not likely that the child romem- ! In-red thai her father hmj been the cause of her sufferings; probably the sight of any fresh fnce would have excited Iter. She broke out again into piercing soreninu of four 'or pain, hid her face on her mother's breast, and citing to her with both hands. " Go away." said Leuoic, scarcely gianc tug at her husband. "Don't you see that she'kuov;! 3 r,u too well?" Tho muse had gone downstairs ; Di. We'd only remained in the room. He looked shiliplj- from Leuore to Cecil, from Cecil to Lanurc, but both s'oevned to have forgotten his presence, j " Leuore, 1 did not mean it. f would ' not have hurt her for the wot-id," he said, ; ontreatiiigly. Sho merely repented her words, " Go away! go away! Leave us alone," and scented to become entirely absorbed in the child. 1 Cecil hesitated and retired slowly with a look of pain upon his 'face (hut tho old , doctor did not like to see. "Mrs. Brendon," he said, gently, ap proaching iter, " surely yon do not aUri- imte this accident, to any intentional act. upon your husband's part? I assure you a siinp'o full would produce all the injury I have noticed. Of course, one must deeply deutoro tho fact that .Mr. Brendon, by It liasty movement, caused, as otie may say, tho injury, but nobody is more grieved at it than himself. 1 hope 3-011 do not blame 1 him." j "T know. He did not mean it," said Lenore, in a quiet, snattci'-of-fact way. j She was calm now. " M3' dear," said Dr. Ward, who often : adopted 'quite a paternal manner towards ' her, " forgive tny- interference, but are you treating him with the sympathy that he so evidently craves?" She was silent : he thought she was con sidering the question as she rocked Baby backwards and forwards and stilled her lmlf- quiclcd cries. Presently, she said, in the same quiet milliner, to his utter aston ishment and partial dismay : " Would not sea. air he better for B11IJ3- tiujn any other, Dr. Ward? 1 think com plete change — perhaps to some piacc 111 the smith — would do us both good." Dr. Ward was taken aback, llo stam mered something, ho knew not what, and tiier. Le.ioro continued in her stead;-, gentle way : " Searsfield is too cold in tho .winter, and llio air is not pure. I should be glad if, when sho is a. little stronger, you would recommend us some pleasant plucc where we could pass a few weeks agreeably." "T will think of it. Yes, the little girl might be better for 11 change," sai( the doctor, and then he went downstairs and encountered Cecil in the hull. " You know, I suppose, that your wife wants" to go to the seaside," lie said, abruptly, observant of the young man's start and suddeu change of colour. "Torquay would not bo a bad plaeo for the child; and Jirs. Brendon looks vnny far from strong." " She must decide for herself," replied Cecil, and forthwith said good-morning. Dr. Ward went (lown into Scarstield, and there heard some of the reports current about Ruby Roslt-u ; after which, lie did not wonder so much at what he had seen and heard at Chalgrovo. Tho end of tho week approached, bring ing 110 change) in the relations between husband and ivifc. Lennre slept and ate up stairs still, although her constant presence was 110 longer necesstuy to little Ciss3 ; Cecil went, in and out as usual, not trying to seek her society, oven passing her siient- I3' if tlicy met upon the stairs, and con ducting any unavoidable intercourse with her by means of Mrs. Chaioner, or the servants. On Friday night, as Mnx sat in his office, knitting his brows over letters which were more unsatisfactory than usual, the door was opened by Cecil. He came ill with truces of curious excitement in his manner. " Yon said you would hciji Hie if I wanted help," ho burst out. " Can f trust you?" "Trust me: what to do?" "T kn -or whore Iltthy is— f did not know until this morning, but I can't let lier father hear — at least, not yet; 3'ott must proiuir. - me that you won't full ltiiu." " I never promise before I. know what the promise entails." ; " Look here," said Ceeil. still more ve hemently: "I'll tell you liow it came about, if you won't he so cursedly scrupulous. The girl was being .Forced to marry that Carow against Iter will l»y that brute of a father: she threw herself on my protection, and begged me lo help her to leave Senrs- tieh.l lu as naturally unwilling In agree lo this: however, I yielded, lent her some money, and knew she was going — where, sho did not lei! me. T promised that if I did get to know her whereabouts, 1 would not. lictra;- it, to her fiithor. She hoped to obtain a situation, I believe. Now, give me your word to keep -silence if I tell 3-011 where she is now." " T daresay we can see that she is not forced into marrying Carcw, or ill-treated by her father, without making rash promi ses!."' said Max, somewhat satirically. "I should have taken better care of myself in your li'.aeu than you have done." " How?" "I should have told my wife the whole story, to begiu with. Then I should have taken high ground wills Roslyn ; said I did know where his daughter was, but didn't intend to tell him. and so 011. By tiding as though 3ou were ashamed of yourself, you lead other people to believe \'ou have some cause for shame." " So I have," said Cecil, in a half-whis per. "Aii! well I wouldn't, have had cause, had T been in your place." "That's nothing to do with the present question. I must trust lo 3'our gonerositv to keep the secret. I have 110 one to teli but you, and I suppose I must not net in the matter myself. Read that," and Cecil threw upon the desk a letter which ho had hitherto held in his hand. Mux took it up, looked at the writing, which was bad, at the post- mark — London, at the envelope, which was of the poorest and humblest description, before he opened llio Idler. It was written from a street in the neighbourhood of Manchester Square, and van as follows : — "Sir, — Mrs. dimes kegs the gentleman will excuse the liberty, but having found his address in the pore 3'nung lady's poc ket, and his name being continually on hot- lips in raving fever, Mrs. .tones thinks it right to acquaint the gentleman as may bo one of Miss Ross's friends, and if so, tliey ought to know that Miss Boss is very bad, and lite doctor says it is brane fever.— Yours respectfully, " M. Jones." " Tt seems genuine," said Max, refolding tho letter. "Genuir--!" repeated Cecil, reproach fully ; ' can there be any doubt? Ob, Ruljy, Ruby, I little thought it would come to tiri," qiid he put his hand to his head as though half distracted. " Don't make a bigger ass of yourself than you are." said "Max, ovnicn'.V. "You are not in love with tile girl, X hope, although you hare the gift of getting into critical situations with her. It's a worse mess than usual this time." Then ho sat with the letter before him and reflected. ".Somebody will" have" lo go after her, of course." " Not her father !" " X don't know. It's awkward to havo to tell liiin : it will be found awkwnrdor still if anything hnppens to lier, and we are found" to have known of the illness. Then again ; 1 suppose ' Miss Ross ' means Rubv Roslyn?" "Of course." " There is just a doubt — not a reasonable one, perhaps. Then the illness may be less serious than the renowned Mrs. Jones in timates, and I quite understand your feel ing about not betraying the girl's con fidence unnecessarily, f t would be a great saving of trouble, however, if we just placed the letter in Hosh-n's hands, and left him to deal with her." Sho could not blame you." " I won't consent to flint. No, unless she is dying I will not plneo her ill that fellow's power." Max shrugged bis shoulders. "How are we to know whether she is dying or not Somebody must, see her. You can't; it would never do for 3011 to leave Scarslichl now." "No, 110. Mot Iter — or Gertrude." " Quite imprauHeahle. 1 suppose .1 slmll have to go myself," said Max, hi an injured tone, ' and interview Mrs. Jones. Y'ou telegraph to her at once that 'frionds will arrive to-morrow morning;' not a wold more or less, remember. There's u train soon after eight, reaching Huston Station about t welve. I can he back by midnight, or l.can stop till Momlti;- morning. Won't that he best?" " Best ! I cnu never (bank you enough." . "Ono thing! I won't tie hampered with premises. I must net as I see lit. If she is not very ill,, good musing and doetoring only- need be seen to, until she is better; if the matter is serious you must tell Ros- iyn ut once." TO .III'. COXTIXUEI). 