AT WAB WITH THE UNKNOWN. \ \ ' . .. t . ' . Night Attacks at Watson's Bay. ;' ';v"v- CAPTAIN CHEER'S CAMP BOH- BABDED. Sorties by the Besieged. ' The happy liamlet by the sea smiled oti by the sun as he rises fresh and vigorous from, his morning bath In the Pacific, finds itself famous by reason of a'Mystery. It Is no hackneyed visitation this mystery; no midnight stalking of a beauteous, pensive maiden with clinging drapery and llowlng raven lacks, or of a bygone baroii 'with a ghastly gash In his throat and a dagger stick ing in his heart; no mere sounds of soul-tor tured sighing, or hasty scuffling' of feet oyer bare boards, or clanking of chains, or sudderi banging of doors. It Is something more tan gible, though— as far as present efforts at elu cidation have gone — apparently quite as super natural. It Is, in fact, n steadily- maintained, well-directed, and most mystifying showerof stones, coming apparently from, nowhere. lm- pellcd by an unseen force, and finding alodg- ment on the roof of the residence of Captain Creer at Watson's Bay. , ; Time was— and still Is, . for that matter- when th? possession of a well, believed family ghost, or an unfathomable mystery, iyas some thing which no, well-bom, self-respecting fa mily would part with under any consideration.- Whether or not it was regarded as a particu larly good asset upon which to "raise the wind" on occasion does not appear; but, the possession was always jealously guarded, was spoken of with bated, .breath, -and ..sidelong, fearfuh glance; wliile any i suggestion- at at tempt to clear metters up was received with haughty scorn, and was viewed as a design upon the family status., Captshi Creer, how-, ever, is quite willing, and, indeed, anxlouB, to a degree, to part with his undesirable,- mys terious visitation on the shortest possible no tice. The most urgent want of the seablde, hamlet to-day is an accredited and efficient understudy of the gifted Sherlock Holmes; anil If there be such a genius at present out of a job he can find congenial diversion right to ills nand. " ' . The mysterious battery opened on Thursday- night last. The first indication of the assault was the sudden arrival of a large stone in Captain Creer's bedroom. The missile took the shortest way In through the window. The inmates tvere considerably startled, hut this was hut the beginning of affairs. Stones of all sizes rained down upon the Iron roof at short intervals, and two lumps of soft sand stone from the beach tested and proved the Inelasticity of the window panes. While the fusilade was on the male population of the premises went out Into the gathering dark ness to Investigate, but they found nothing. ' It was apparent the stones did not come from the heavens, for meteoric showers, are not In season just now. The scouting party saga ciously concluded that the stones' Impetus, was due to human agency. ' Presently the do.whpouring of rocka ceascd,, and the family, retired.to rest, nervous, bewildered, Unified. Friday to the besiegers seemed like Sunday to the Boers — there were no, hostilities. Per haps Friday was ' regarded superstltiousiy,- and the stone-throwers feared their aim might: be damageless. Or perhaps they were walt-» ing for reinforcements and Increased supply or ammunition. When the shadea of evening fell on Satur day the onslaught was reopened In grim ear nest. Stones pattered on the roof, coming, apparently, from nearly every point of the. compass. Onp passed through an open win dow, and an occupant of the room had a nar row escape from a vloient blow. The, scout ing party was out and scoured the neighbour hood, but the assailants were too cunning to leave their place of concealment. A desul tory fire of rocks was kept up through the night, ceasing with the advent of dawn! Sun day nighi aggressive tactics were resumed, and unseen hands shifted a lot of sandstone firm the roadway over into Captain Creer's premises. By this time the affair was becoming mono tonous. It was getting on to the nerves of the ladies, and made the men mad. 'One ycung lady, a friend of the family, staying at the house, has been very 111. The mysterious bombardment hasn't improved her condition at all, and a doctor had to be telephoned for from Sydney. Oiie of Captain Creer's daugh ters was thrown by' the excitement into vio lent hysterics; and two of her sisters also ex hibited signs of hysteria. Mrs; Creer also v:ns affected by the continuance of the un fathomable nuisance, having been deprived of sleep for several -nights. So, on Monday night, considering all these things, and cal culating that the other fellows had had a pretty good innings, the male population of the place decided to put a stop to ft. The defending party was a numerous one. Sir. W. Kendall, son of the popular manager of Messrs. Huddart-Parker's Steamship Co., and another young man who are on a visit to -the house, took prominent .parts. Neigh bours rolled up to the number of. about -a dozen, and Mr. Bowmaker, of Mar- riokvllle — who, it is said had a little experience with a similar case at En- more some time ago — also took a brisk share in the defence. Mr. Bowmaker had been in vited to the bay by a resident to pass a quiet I evening. It turned out a lively one, the visi tor being up all night hunting for what he couldn't find. The repulsing force disposed themselves well. They went out In pairs. Armed) of course. The armoury comprised one rifle, one shot gun, several revolvers, cudgels, and, in fnot, anything .that came handy. At half- past 7 the attacking party gave evidence that they hadn't tired of the game. A rush was made towards the spot whence the missile nppeared to have coine. Nobody there; no thing, save another stone, which, coming from behind an unchurted rock, struck one f the scouting party, and was caught be tween the right arm and the body. Then someone heard a 'suspicious rustle among some bamboos. A cautious approach was made under cover of a paling fence. While the party was reconnoitring another shot was fired. The enemy had the range excellently. The stone struck Mr. Kendall in the small of the back and felled him, glancing off and' tak ing his companion, who had been hit before In the leg. Another of the party pulled himself up and looked over the fence. A shot about gl the size of a lyddtte shell whizzed past his ear. B fnd the scout promptly retired to cover. That S| the other scouts were busy was evident. A Pretty steady fire from the guns of the be- Bj| sieged party was kept up, but no casualties were reported. The defenders crept cautious- H ly from bush to bush, and from fence to fence. B Weapojia grasped ready for any emergency or man. The, young moon threw a fitful light I on the battlefield. The wash of the waves ' came up through the stillness of the night | from the beach. Out'from the -long shadows ' thrown by the trees,, out of . the gloom sur- rouhdlng-the miniature kopjeB,- came- an un ceasing fire from the concealed force. It was the worst night of the siege. It was a night of dread, of heart- racking suspense, of watch ful anxiety. Dawn come at ,ast, and the enehiy's fii-e was- suspended.' "The last shot struck the, house at 5.30 a.m. ' On Tuesday night tne enemy got their puns into position again, and opened fire at about th:' usual time— 7 o'clock. But for some reason best known to themselves, the besiegers ceased firing at 10.30 p.m. And since then nil hnS . been peace. A couple of plain-clothes police men wero sent down that night, arriving on the goreless field of action at about midnight. But the firing of the enemy had ceased, and tlioy made their investigations in safety. Captain Creer's house, "Clifton," is in Salis bury-street, and stands with a gable facing the bay. Why it should be subjected to such an attack is unexplalnable. For a great many years Captain Creer; who Is In com mand of the pilot steamer Captain Cook, has resided- at Watson's Bay, and no one Is more highly respected. His house' Is flanked by the residence of relatives, and the police quarters are next door. ' " 'Th|s Jb not the first occasion on .which WatBon's Bay has been visited by the phenor menon of a shower of stones falling from no-, where In particular) but everywhere in gen eral. Some months ago a similar downpour of rocks Is reported to have taken place at the residence of a family bearing the name of Marnisell, and 10 years ago the residence of the late Captain Cork was, so tradition hath It, bombarded for six months on end. 