YOU SING. w By F. T. Bullen, Author of 'The Cruise of the Cachalot,' in 'Chambors's.' ? CHAPTER IV. Having no means of knowing the time — for the clock had never been wound, owing to my not being able to find the key — I cannot tell when the change came ; but I think it must have been about eight next morning. The vessel suddenly righted, and then bo gan to tumble about in so outrageous a fashion that 1 thought she must go all to pieces. Elsie awoke screaming with fright ; and with all You Sing's cat-like capacity for holding on, it was some minutes before ho could get to hor to comfort hor. He had not left my side more than ten minutes, when, with a tremendous lurch, the vessel ..was hurled over to starboard, and I knew that my greatest fear was realised — she had been caught aback I Ovor, over she went until it was almost possible to stand upright upon the lee bulk-heads of the cabin. In sea phrasi*, she was on hor beam-ends. ' I now gave all up for lost, and waited, hardly breathing, for the crash of the end. The wator on deck burst in through every crevice and rose up on the lee-side until I was obliged to climb up to the fast-clamped settees to wind ward to avoid being drowned. The uproar on deck was louder than ever, and I fancied that I could hear every now and then through the tumult the rending and crashing of spars, and feel the shattering blow of their great masses against the hull alongside. But still the vessel seemed staunch, although every inch of her framework ? visible in the cabin was all awork. After what seemed like a whole day, but could only have been two or three hours, she began to right herself, and the din outside grew less deafoning. . Bapidly the howl of the wind moder ated, although the vessel still tossed and tumbled about in frantic fashion, until my anxiety to see daylight again got the better of my fears, and I pain fully made my way up the companion, opened it, and stepped on to the poop. . The sight I beheld took away my breath. The 'Blitzen' was a complete ' wreck. Not a stick was standing ex . cept the three jagged stumps of the lower masts ; the bulwarks were strip ped from her sides for their entire length, the house on deck had clean disappeared, and everything that could be torn from its fastenings about the decks hod gone also. It was a clean sweep. A' cold shiver went through me, such as one might feel upon awakening to find his house roofless and all household gods exposed to the glare of the day. But the sky was clear, the sea was going down, and we ?were still afloat. A great wave of thankfulness came over me, suddenly. 1 cheoked by the paralysing thought that perhaps we hod sprung a leak. I stood still for a moment while the latest fear soaked in; then, bracing ' ' myself up to learn the worst, I hurried forrard to try and find the rod to sound the well. But it had gone, among the rest of the carpenter's gear, with the deck-house, and I was obliged to give up the idea. Returning aft, I uncovered the cabin skylight and went below, finding You Sing busy preparing some food. Then I suddenly remem bered that I was ravenously hungry, and we all three sat down and, ate our fill cheerfully and gladly. But while we were swallowing the fast morsels of our meal, You Sing gravely lifted ? big hand and sat listening intently. ? There was a strange sound on deck, and it made me almost helpless with fear. For it sounded like the singing chatter of Chinese. We sat for a few ' as if suddenly frozen, listoning with every faculty, and hardly breathing. . Then, ghost-like, You Sing rose, and -taking the two of us by the arms, gently porsua'ded us into one of the . state-rooms at hand and signed to us to Ueop close while he went to inves tigate. Noisolessly ho glided away ,;?? from us and was gone, leaving us a -. , .prey to the most harrowing sensations . in the bolief that all our cruel fore bodings wore about to bo proved true1 For some time not a sovnd could bo heard in our hiding place except tho soothing creak of the timbers or the wash of tho carressing waves outside the hull. Yet I remember curiously how even in that agony of suspense I noticed that the motion of the ship ? was changed. She no longer seemed to swing buoyantly from wave to wave, but solemly, stolidly, she rolled as if the sea had taken possession of her, and bereft her of her own grace of ' mastery. A confused thudding sound reached , - us from above as if caused by the' pattering of bare feet on deck ; but there wore no voices, nor, indeed, any other* noises to give us a clue as to what was going on. Very soon even that slight sound ceased, and we were again left to the dumbness of our sur roundings. The child wont to sleep ; and I, after perhaps half-an-honr of strained listening, felt that I could boar this condition of things no longer, for it had seemed like a whole day to my excited imaginings. So, as silently as had You Sing long ago, I stole from tho little stato-room and across the saloon. With all my terrors woigh ing mo down, 1 crawled worm- like up the companion-ladder and wriggled on to tho deck on all-fours. Tho sea, and the sky, and tho barren deck all lay in perfect silonce, which pressed upon mo like one of those nightmares in which you feel that unless you can scream you must dio. After two or throe attempts I moistono.l my lips and called ' You Sing !' Thoro was no voice or any one that answorod. But that I think the limit of my capacity for being terrified had been roachod some time before, I believe this irro sponsivoss, with its accompanying son sation of being utterly alone, -would have made me an idiot. And it was, I only felt numbed and tired. Slowly I stood upon my feet, and wont forrard to tho break of tho ' poop, learning at once the reason of You Sing's silenco. For by the side of the after-hatch lay three Chinogo, naked and doad, bearing on their bodies the grim evi dences of tho method of their ending. Close to tho cabin door, as if he had dragged himself away from his late antagonists in tho vain hopo of roach ing his frionds again, lay You Sing. As I looked down upon .him he moved slightly. In a moment, forgetting everything else, I was by his side and had lifted his head upon my knee. Ho opened his glazing eyes and looked up into my face with his own sweet smile, now with something of the highest satisfaction in it. His dry lips opened and he murmured, ''Ullo, Tommy ; all li-tee.' Then the intelligence faded out of his eyes, and ho left me. It must havo boon hours afterwards when I again realised my surroundings. Elsie had been sitting by tho piece of yellow clay that had been You Sing, perfectly still, but with an occasional tearing sob. She must have beon cry ing for a long time. Gradually the whole of the past came back to me, and I saw how our dead friend had indeed paid in full what he considered to bo his debt to us ; although how that mild and gentle creatura, in whom I never saw oven so much as a shade of vexation, much Ies3 anger, could have risen to such a height of fighting valour as to slay three men in our defence was utterly beyond my powers of com prehension. For, without attempting any eloquence 01 panegyric, tnat was precisely what he had done, and with his opponents' own weapons, too. To say that I had not really felt lonely and helpless until now only faintly conveys the appaling sense of loss that had come upon me. As for the poor child she crouched by the side of the corpse, scarcely more alive than it was, mani festing no fear or repugnance at the presence of death ; indeed she appeared unable to realise the great fact in its full terror. How long we both sat in this dazed condition it is impossible to say with any definiteness No doubt it was for several hours, for we both seemed only partially alive ; and, for my part, the only impression left was that all besides ourselves were dead. That feeling carried with it a dim anticipation that we too might expect to find our turn to depart confronting us at any moment ; but in this thought there was no fear, rather relief. How often, I wonder, has it been noted that in times of deep mental dis tress, - when the mind appears to have had a mortal blow, and all those higher faculties which are our peculiar posses sion are so numbed that they give no definite* assistance to the organism, the animal needs of the body have instinc tively asserted themselves, and thus saved the man or woman from madness or death ? It must surely be one of the commonest of experiences, although' seldom formulated in so many words. At any rate, this was now the case with me. Gradually the fact that I was parched with thirst became the one conscious thing ; and, without think ing about it, without any definite idea even, 1 found myself on my feet, swaying and staggering as I crossed the bare deck to where the scuttle-butt used to be lashed. Finding it gone, I stood helplessly staring at the ends of the lashings that had secured it, with a dull, stupid anger of disappoint ment. Then I began to think ; I had to, for my need was imperative. I remembered that You Sing had brought into tho cabin before the typhoon a store of water sufficient for days. This mental effort was bracing, doing much to restore mo again to some show of usefulness. T soon found the water, and hurried on deck once more, for the cabin was no place to stay in now. It was tenanted by shapos of dread, full of inaudible signs of woe ; and right glad was I to remain by the side of the little girl for livingcompanion ship. I offered her some water. She looked at it dully, as if unable to attach any idea to it ; and it was only by repeatedly rousing her that I managed to awaken any reason in her injured mind at all In the absence of any such compulsion I think she would have just sat still and coasod to live, painlessly and unconsciously. Now that tho needs of another wore laid upon me, I began to move about a little moro briskly and to notice our condition with returning intorest. For some time the strango steadiness of the ship had puzzled me without arousing any definite inquiry in my mind as to the cause of it. But in crossing tho deck to re-enter the cabin the tru'e significance of that want of motion suddenly burst upon me, for I saw the calm face of the water only a few inches from tho deck-line. The Blitzen was sinking. During the typhoon she must have received tremendous injuries from the wreckage on her top-hainper, that, floating alongside entangled in tho web of its rigging, was as dangerous as so many rocks would have been. There was urgent need now for thought and action also. For there was nothing of any kind on deck floatable. Boats, spars, hon-coops, all had gone.- A thousand futilo thoughts chased one anothor through my, throbbing brain, but they ran in circlos that led nowhore The soomod to be no possible means of oscapo. Yet somehow I was not hopeless. I felt a curious reliance upon tho fact that we two small pooplo had como through so much unhurt in any way, and this basoloss unreasoning faith in our good (?)\fortuno forbado mo to despnir. So that I cannot say I folt greatly surprised whon I prosontly .saw on tho starboard side forrard a small sampan floating placidly its r,'rass paintor niado fast to the fore chains. Thoro was no mystory about its appearance. It had brought those awful visitors whose defeat caused You Sing his life, and was probably the only surviving relic of some junk that had foundered in tha storm. The sight of it did mo a world of good. Rushing to Elsie, I pointed out the fact of our immediate danger, and of the hops left us and after some little difficulty succeeded in getting her into the sampan. Tho Blitzen was now so low in the water that my remaining time was countable by seconds. I flew into the cabin, snatched up a few biscuits and the large can of water that stood in the bathroom, and rushed for the boat. As 1 scrambled into her with my burdon I noticed shuddoringly that tho ship wai beginning to move, but with such a motion ! It was like tho death-throo of a man — a physicial fact with which of late I had beon well acquainted. Every plank of her groaned as if in agony ; she gave a quivering sideway staagor. My fingers trembled so that I could hardly cast adrift the painter, which I was com pelled to do, having no knife. I got the clumsy hitches adrift at last, and with one of tho rough oars gave our frail craft a vigorous shove off, Elsie staring all tho whilo at tho huge hull with dilating eyos and drawn white face. Presently tho Blitzon seemed to stumble ; a wave upreared itself out of the smooth brightness of the plaoid sea and embraced her bows, drawing them gently down. So gently, like a tired woman sinking to rest, did tho Blitzen leave the light, and only a few foam- flecked whorls and spirals on the surface marked for a minute or two the spot where she had been. ' Happily for us who were left, our troubles were nearly at an end. One calm night of restless dozing under the warm sky, trying not to think of what a tiny bubble we made on the wide 3ea, we passed not uncomfortably. Just before dawn I felt rather than heard a throbing, its regular pulsations beating steadily as if inside my head. But they had not lasted one minute before I knew them for the propeller beat of a steamer, and strained rfty eyes around through the departing darkness for a sight of her. Straight for us she came, the watchful officer on the bridge having seen us more than a mile off. In the most matter of-fact way we woro taken on board, and Elsie was soon mothered by the skipper's wife, while I was being made much of by the men. And that was all. Of all that mass of treasure that had caused the sacrifice of so many lives not one atom remained where it could ever again raise the demon of murder in human breasts. And although I could not realise all this, I really did not feel sorry that I had not succeeded in saving the -slightest portion of it, my thankfulness at being spared alive being so great. There was no passengers on board to make a fuss, so none was made. Three days afterwards we were at Hong-kong, and Elsie was handed over to the Gorman Consul, who gravely took down my story, but I could see did not believe half of it. I bade good- bye to Elsie, having elected to remain by the steamer, where I was being well treated, and in duo time reached England again, a step nearer to becoming a full-fledged seaman. (Concluded). 