NOVKL. CAPTAIN MOLLY. By MARY A. DENISON. CHAPTER XVI.— (Continued.) ' There's not the ghost of a chance. Now put on the the hat,' said Molly, and then stood back, her head on one side, hei glance critical. ' Try the bonnet,' she went on, defth lifting the pretty trifle of silk and lace. ' Ah, that's it ; that aigrette was joe! what was needed. My dear, I hope he will see you. You've no idea how pretty jruu uro. 4 As the two girls left Paradise Flats that evening, they met Sebastian bringing baby Bassett home. The child's beautiful face lighted at sight of them, and, with o babe's quick, heavenly smile, he held out Mb little arms. Reine followed, very petite, bright and delicately fair in her new muslin dress, which Molly had helped her to finish the day before. ' We're been taking a long wait,' whis pered the happy little wife and mother. ' He has not had a bad turn for a whole week— and God bleBS you!' she cried softly from a full heart. CHAPTER XVII. IN THE RECTOR'S PKW. In fine artristocratic cane. The chapel was brilliantly lighted, the congregation large. Holly and her friend were given seats in the side that formed one wing of the chapel, and Ensign Harry shrank into the corner of the pew, as far from the glare of lights as possible. The chancel was decorated with flowers. On the edge of the velvet-lined lectern stood a rase of calls, lilies, every one a perfect blossom, white, massive, and fragrant. A young nmn clad in clerical robes came forward. Molly felt her dress grasped hard, and knew that thiB was the Kev. Mr. Flagler. She had no opportunity then to form any conclusions as to his appearance, for Bhe felt the weight of Ensign Harry, and feared that she had fainted. She turned. The English girl, indeed, made no sign, but Molly drew a little closer, obtained possession of her hand, and thus they sat, the one nerveless and constrained, the other striving to impart her own strength to her friend. In the rector's new eat two wnman. nnn the reotor's wife, the other net so young, dressed in a tan colour silk and wool travelling dress, her bonnet nodding with tiny plumes, her small hands exquisitely gloved, in one of them a prayer book bound in old ivory. In her face there was lack of spiritual beauty, but the correct classical outlines, the heavy-lidded blue eyes, and the faultless complexion be trayed a 8axon origin, and the 'air aristocratic' breathed from all her move ments. Molly's heart sank. She had sometimes resorted to the chapel on Sunday evenings with Bussell Stacy, and she knew which was the reotorv pew. She Baid to her self,— ? That woman is rich, refined, well-born. miu wurcajy, jura tfiiu is vue wize 01 jnr. Kagler.' And the expected lecture commonced. The hand enclosed jn Molly's grasp grew cold as ice and then trembled violently. Smooth, eloquent, and versatile, the ad dreBB moved on. The lecturer looked about .him a good deal, a bold self assertion in hi 3 glances— or so Molly thought. ' He is effeminate,' she mused. ' That face, with the over-large eyes, the small mouth, the florid complexion, and the smooth expressionless forehead, is not the face of a man willing, if need be, to fight for the truth. Prosperity is his God ; poverty would make him pusillanimous and a slave to the great. I don't like him.' But now something unexpected hap pened. The man with his sweeping glances at last took in tho pale, beautiful, serious face of Ensign Harry, framed in the dainty stylish hat. For one second he turned white, swayed, and clutched at the lectern. Everbody saw his agitation, everybody wondered. Then he took a glass of water, wet bis parched lips, braced himself anew, and went on with his well-ordered address, but not once afterwards did his eyea wan der from the written page. ' After all, he must have loved her,' . Molly said to herself, with a sad, forebod ing heart. Amid the low, decorous, murmuring swell of voices that goes along the aislo with the people as they loave the temple, one could hear the comments of the con gregation. ' Very nice,' said a lady near Molly, who would have screamed at the thought of touching elbows with a Salvationist. ' Quito eloquent. Did you see the lady in the rector's pew ? That is his bride : this is their wedding trip. She is very rich, — indeed, enormously wealthy, so I hear, — and a lady by title. Yes, he made a very fine match j clergymen are sometimes ?lite fortunate, don't you know? Oh, yes, a little older than he, I should think *ut «at -booiwt-TmanH it a dreamt Wen, «he can afford its «he has minion*.' Ensign Harry clutched Molly's arm jurt then. Ab they w*nt out of church itwai quite late and very daii. . 'Dont (peak to mej don't, please, say a word,' the English girl murnrartd al most i»nTulsively. 'ft is all over, and I —am punished.*. And then, in lees than a minute afterward*, in a voice foil of anguish. 'Why, don't von talk? Oh, Molly, Molly, say something to comfort me, or I shall go mad.' ? Let all fail if heaven fail not,' MoUy made answer, in a soft, sweet voice. 'Oh, thank you, thank you,' the girl -spoke rapidly. ' All has railed 1 How do I know but heaven will t Oh, Molly, he saw mo !' she gasped. 'Yes, he saw yon, that was evident to me, and puzding to the congregation, no doubt,' Molly answered, asking herself in silence what his wife would be likely to say to him about it. 'A mist came over my eyes. Didn't he etop?' Harry ssked. ' He not only stopped, but almost lost his wits, bomebody said coming out that it was spasms of the heart : people always act that way from that cause? 'The voyage of memory 1' Ensign Harry murmured. 'Oh, no, ha can't have for gotten. ' And his face — what did yon think: of it ? Ah me, why do I ask f' ' It was not the faoe of a high-toned man — I mean in the best 'sense of the word. He likes good dinners and flattery -in moderate doses. He couldn't preach for his life if he didn't write his sermons.' ' Oh, Molly ! is that your estimate of the man I love ?' She had not yet. nerved herself to speak of his wife. 'Of the man you did love,' said Molly. ' It is a sin to love him now that he is married.' Ensign Harry was silent after that. ' Let me go into your room, dear,' she said, as they went upstairs together. She took off the pretty trifle of silk and feathers. - ' As she held trot her hand, & far-away look in her face, a stirring blast came from a comet- with the click of castanets and the roll of the drum, as the men and women joined in singing ' Rescue the perishing.' The Salvation section marched sturdily along in the street below, on their way from some gathering. Tears stood in Ensign Harry's eyes. ' Blessed little company !' she said, her voice trembling, ' humble, faithful, happy! Here, Molly ; thanks for your kindness, dear,' at she handed her the bonnet. ' I'll never again take off the badge of my — liberty — wherewith ChriB; hath made me free.' CHAPTER XVIH. cousik Lucy's beiqn. The road to home happiness lies over small stepping-stones. 'My dear Molly, ? 'I saw you last night in St. Luke's Chapel, clothed and seemingly in your right mind. What does it mean P Why wera you at the lecture delivered by the celebrated English clergyman t Are yon coming back to the faith? Tisb night you were at home. It cannot be that you prefer the slums! Your cousin wishes you to return. She is lonely (I don't re member that you ever considered it lonely here). I had a letter from Russell Stacy. He was in Paris, — said nothing definite as to his return. ' Let me hear that you have come to your senses. Isn't there a commandment in some old book, 'Honour thy father and thy mother' ? To be sure it doesn't say obey, but I am old-fashioned enough to think that to a father obedience is due. Howflvfir. T HnnM: fnwv* trnn Tf vmi w^m'^ leave, stay till you tire of them or they tire of you. ' Your Father.' Molly had often written to her father, but the banker had never answered her letters. This was the first written word she had received from him. The sight of Molly dressed as he had been wont to see her, so touched hiB exacting heart that this short note was the result. Lucy, his neice, had been for a time very happy in the midst of all her finery. When first invited to become a habitant of her uncle's home, her delight knew no bounds. The large, cool house, a parlour and boudoir Becured to herself, seemed literally like paradise to her. To have her own maid, plenty of spending money, and a fine wardrobe, was as near being in a. state of beatitude as she could imagino. Molly's maid stayed on because she was confident that Miss Stanley would come back some time. She could not endure that any one should take the place of her well-beloved young lady. 'She never gave herself no airs, she didn't,' muttered the girL ? Anyone could sea which was tho lady.' Molly had declined more than half the invitations she received to social gather ingB. Lucy accepted every one with eagerness, Consequently she was some what faded that first winter, and her uncle often waited for her till the toast was cold. ' My dear, Molly never kept me waiting,' he said now and then, and his very soul rebelled against the edict he had given that his daughter was not yet to come to the house. ' The little fool ! the little blank fool !' he would mutter, between his teeth, only )Js profanity was very much more pro ended with a fit of admiration for her courage. He seldom went into society, so he heard but few of the remarks of the busybodies who pitied him and condemned Molly in the eaino breath. Home was not the same to him now. He was a proud man, and in his way very fond of Molly. Her Btately beauty,— at least she seemed stately to him, though she was by no means tall, — her sweet good- morning kiss, — Lucy seldom kissed him, and he did not care for her to do so, — her real love for him, for himself alone, —Lucy's face beamed only when ho gave her her allowanco, — her whole gracioas loveliness, in all home ministrations, were constantly in his memory. Lucy helped him on with his coat some times ; she kept his dressing-gown and slippers in the right place; she tried to remember what made for his. comfort; but was not always successful. Molly nuver forgot things. Her habits were fixed. CHAPTER XIX. . THE I'ROFESSOF.'ti VEBDICT. The meaning of harmony goes deep. The windows of Professor Andromos's musical conservatory were open to tho soft breezos ot the ocean. The prolessor lived in an unfashionable quarter of the city, but in spite of that he was the musical lion of the day. Everybody knew that he chose the place because of its beauty and health fulness, to say nothing of the size of the nioustor rooms. The professor gave instruction only in piano and violin. The latter instrument, in his hauds, told wild stories of love and romance, and he was daily petitioned by courtly dames to give lessons to their soup and daughters at faljulous rates. Opposite the house was an old- fashioned square, daintily laid out with flowering bhrubs, trees, and Southern plants. Iron Mate wrought into tttWe pattonM irtood1 at various dlit»no#«, - ? Ononetf these reirtbw-plaoes sat Nanny Qartia. Theqmverotlate bloswms. Bent daudngbytheBoftsdr, stirred her soul to melody. Her ' deep, lustrous, epiritoal eyes moved delighted from one floral beauty to another. ' ' Kan was neaSy dressed, yet bore the impress of poverty in some curiously nm deflned way. , Perhaps it was the . stamp that penury, suffering, and ertf-denial had left upon her faee, and that clung to her person. ? . . ' . / / ? \- Her hair, abundant, glossy, 8»d care fully dressed, flowed in loose, short curls from nnder a print- little hat. Lying across her lap, the green baize bag in which she carried her treasure, held is place by a shapely hand, appealed pathetic ally to the passer-by, proclaiming her vocation as that of a street musician. Once or twice the child looked opposite, up to the window banked and hanging with exquisite wreaths of colour, and contrasting delicately with the pearly gray tones of tho groat houBe, built over a century ago. Presently the door of the great mansion, opened, and a yaung girl came out, lightly patting the head of the stone lion that guarded the steps. ? She has a splendid dress on, like all the rest,' murmured Kan, with a little im «uriage§,' she went on, as a hanoBome equipage with glints of yellow light on the panels drove up. and the footman opened the door for his dainty mistress. ' ? Ah, nobody Beems to be coming out any more : now it is your turn, little beggar.' She drew from the pocket of her dress Molly's letter in a square white envelope. Meantime the professor was through with his work for the day. He left the piano, where he had been busy evolving a bright sweet prelude, and stood looking into the square, his faceframedin the vines and gorgeously coloured blooms that he cultivated in window pots. A knock Bounded at the door. ?Come in,' ha said, then in a more im patient voice, 'Come in.. Don't you hear? The door opened. The great professor etarea and wondered. Never had a creature so hopelessly plebeian crossed the threshold before. Generally his usher, a gorgeous creature .in gold and blue, heralded the visitor with a card on a silver salver. How came this one un heralded f ? The lowor door was open, sir. I didn' ring, but came upstairs,' said the child in a frightened voice. ? Ah i I'll give Pierre the devil for this.' growled the professor. Then, seeing the child's frightened eyea, eyes like those of some startled, beautiful animal, he changed his tone -? 'Well, well, rhild, quick, what do you want? I haven't a dime — no, nor a penny ; but. good Lord, there's a quarter —take it and go. I can't waste my time, youngster.' ... VU, HIT, JL U1UU i. bUUIt veggUAg. **.*» you think I had, to you? I don't want the quarter, sir. I earn quarters, myself, sometimes. But yon see my father was a. musician, and I'd like to forget, Here's a letter for yon, sir.' The child had hardly recovered from her fright, but she -was a brave little thing, and swallowed the lump that kept rising in her throat. This man looked so grand, so utterly out of reach, in his black silk velvet dressing gown faced with red satin, and the plush smoking-cap under which his grey hair curled like a boy's.' His eyes were very black and piercing, too, and seemed to look her through and through. Yes, she was brave to keep her courage up and the tears down. His pupils were generally more afraid of him than she. Taking the letter, the professor went to wards the window, where Nan's startled, anxious glances took in all the glory of the Southern verdure. He put on his gold- rimmed glasses, and red as follows ?. 'Deab Professor Ahdeomos, — ?You will remember (hat I have been your pupil ever since I was six years old. That was for twelve years. Now I have a favor to ask you, a very great favor. I don't know that you will care to grant it, but, ah ! if vou onlv will ! ?Little Nan Qartia, who will hand you this letter, is a protegee of mine. I think, though a poor Uttle orphan of Italian parentage, she is a diamond in the rough. If not, then surely I am no judge of precious things in human nature. She has also a violin that must be of great value, for it has been in her family, as far as I can learn, nearly two hundred years. Her great-great- grandfather played upou it, and it has the appearance of extreme age, as well as the silvery, resonant tones of a masterpiece. Please, dear professor, don't frighten the little creature with your patrician manner, and sent word to mo the very least for which you will give her one lesson a week, that is, if in your estimation she is worth tho effort. I havo found her quick, teachable, and far beyond her age in muBioal mutters. She is, I think, gifted with remarkable genius. ? Your friend and pupil, ' Molly Stanley.' ' Ah !' and a strong face took on a gleam of good nature as he pulled his long droop irtrr mmiB±on\i£i ? T j-d»'J: Ttf»flJHfl nrlm4: mv child asks me, ean I ?' Heloakedup reflectively. HiB 'child' Molly had always been from the time he first looked over her golden head at the grand piano and laughed because the little one could not reaeh the pedals. He cast a furtive glance at the 'girl standing there. ' Good eyes,' he saidvto himself under his breath. Presently he saw a solitarj tear roll over the pale brown cheek. The sight touched him. ' So you have an old violin, eh r' he said, briskly. ? Want to sell ?' ' Oh, no, sir. It belonged to my father,' sho said, simply, ' and my father iB dead.' ' Ab, so : dead, is ho ? Did he play ?' ' Ho played in orchestra. Once lie was a leader, but after his long sickness he lost his placo. At last he had to play in the street to suppoit mother and mo. Mother is dead too,' sho wOHt on, in a low voice. (To ba continued.) Italy's income from foreign visitors is estimated at .£8,000,000 a year. There ere fewer suicides proportionately in Ireland than any European country. A large hailstone craoked in twain as it struck the road in Kentucky, during a hailstorm, and out stepped a lizard two inches long. Asia Minor was the chief opium market un£i the twelfth century. The Chinese obtained the drug in the thirteenth century. Residents of Eugknd have .£110,000,000 invested in mortgages in foreign countries. These investments annually drain the foreign countries of about .£5,500,000 in hard cash. Waves travel faster than the wind which causes them, and in the Bay of Bia cny in calm weather a heavy sea fre quently rolls in on the coast twenty-four hours before the gale which causes it arrivue. 