J ANIMAL LIKES AND DISLIKES. Iustunccs of purely inotiuetivo, inexplio.iblo antipathy between snirnula are naturally not common,but there are very marked ami ileliuUe examples. It is qutto impossible to account, for the iuteniic disgust which the eainel t xeites in horses. It is fur more difficult to accustom horM-o to work with camels than with elephants, pre cisely becuuoe tho repugnance is a nutu ul antipathy, and not a reasoned leac TU<*y get used to the night of uu elephant,'but the sin* 11 of a cumel tlisguatB aud fri^htcufl thorn. Eng lish horses which have never seen a camel reluso to approach ground where thoy have stood, Recently a travelling menagerie was refused leave to cncump on a. vill- igo green in Suffolk/ not because it wan not welcome, for a wild bo.ts*" show ia always vustly popular, but because tho green whs also the site of a mai ket, and tho farmers' gig-horsos invariably rofusod to bo driven across it after camels had ftood there. Yet two bears wore bttng txbibitod in HniJey htrcet, London, and no horse showed any ft ar of thorn. One horse almost touched tho larger bear, but neithor it nor the team of a four-in hand which passed showed any nervousness. Tho hatred of all cattle for dugs is very marked. Tin rc in no doubt that this is a last ing inheritance from the days iu wLick their calve# were constantly killed by wolvis or wild do&B.; lu Ifcdia, iDstaucts of sportsmen seeing tho new-born calf, with its mother defending it from wolvor, occur in mo^t books on jungle spot ft and tho hatrrd of tho *'cauidio 9 asso ciated with the strongest animal instinct, .the love of their young, h»s never beau cffi'cod among cattle even in England, where the list wfelf.vras killed iu tho day&of; Henry Vll. Why tho horse uot only tines net share this anti pathy, but, on the contrary, loros a dog, it is difllcult to explain. Mout of the keepers at tho Zoo are agreed that those animal* which exhibit marked likes or dislikes for vitdters bare the stroogctit possible antiputhy to black men. Children they also dislike, but for the obvious reason that the children teise them. It has long bceu i noticed that all tho monkeys hate a nrgro ; but the experiment was recently tried on a Ur.;o scale, and tho scope of animal antipathy for tho dark-skinned races nan found to extend far beyond the monkey-bouse. When Mr. Hagenbeck's Satnalis 'were at the ; Crystal Palace they were invited one Sunday to see the Zoo, whither thoy went, accompanied br Mr. Mcuzies, the. African explorernnd hunter, who bad brought them frorn £onia!i land. Tbere wis nothing to irLich tl.o inokt seusitivo European could objefct iu tho appear ance.af these free, half-Arab "tribesmen, aud raucifthat was most attractive^' - They 'wern straight and tall V they had higb^ooies, floe eyes, white teeth, and a skin tho* colour of a not quite.ripe black, grape. v Tboy^ ,w.ere script Moslems, exquisitely . cleanly, washing con stantly not only their limbs and bodies, but' their teeth and hair. They drrssod in tho - whitest of liaen, .and carried weapons of tho.' brightest atcel, spending their sp»ro moments in polishing either thtso or tbtir. ttw th. . 'rhry (lid not smoke, they, did not drii k,.and the largo room in which some thiity of Ibcra slept was as sweet as a hayluft; an;l tbey much ob* jeeted to the Biitish working-man coining Into' their room, because his.clothes were duty. / ~ When all this gallrint coinpmy of daik met entered tho lion-house there was an uproar. The animals were furious. Thoy roared wilb • rago. The apis and monkeys worn frij;bteuid and angry. The antelopes were alarmed. and even tho phlegmatic wild cattle were Vxcited. They rocognised their natural enemies, the dark-skinned men who have hunted .theui for a . thou«aod centuiies in the jungles and tie bush, and with whom their own parents did battle when they werflcaptured sad carried off captive in tho Nubian* desoita V and like the Grecian ghost# at the sight of /T3mns in tho Muulcs, they raised,a war-cry, though the sound-did not die in their throats. Animal antipathy, is thai closely correlated.. With like CRiOtious ip mau, It may bo traced in all its variations from purely iuMinctivo and pbysbal distaste, the disliko lor tho bamoJ folt' by the horso being much on a par fiith that folt'. by a Southern ' white for a South Amcrioan ; negro, to its ratiouul ulunsx iu antipathy bastd on danger known to animals aud nun k\ kc. nud exhibited in the coramon' and int< n«o hprror of the puisonoui scske; ■ A tome monkoy has been known to drop down in a dead faint whin sud denly confronted with a snake. This sounds almost too human ; but fiiintiiig in sudden terror^ though rare among nnimalij in which' this form of panic moro ottoihoaiises paralysis of the limbR, is uot confined to monkeys. Grey parrots, which aro t ighly nervous birds, will drop from the pcrcb and lune eousciousncM under any strong iYnpuIso of fright. 