The Lily of Mordaunt i By Mrs G. Sheldon] A-uthorens of “ The Masked Bridal,” “The Magic Cameo,” &o.;). CHAPTER XIV. THE HOOK LOCKED UPON HIM. Arley and her husband proceeded directly to Northampton, where they were obliged to remain over night, as they were too late to catch the boat across the Channel. Philip observed the most punctilious politeness toward his wife; that one sentenoe of hers—“ the tie that binds us is out a mockery, and I feel that i am nothing to you but a wife in name” —had out him keenly, and had seemed to raise a barrier between them which he oould not overcome; while Arley, preserving the reserve of their last in terview, received his attentions with a quiet dignity, almost coldness, which told him that her affection for him. had received a shook which it would be long in recovering from, if indeed it ever did. They might have been merely two acquaintances travelling together, their manner and bearing toward each other were so undemonstrative, although marked by the strictest courtesy and good breeding. Arriving, at Northampton, Philip secured a couple of rooms, and having seen Arley settled in one of them and attended to everything that would con duce to her comfort, he excused him self to her, saying: “I have a matter of business to at tend to and may not be in until late. I will meet you in the morning at breakfast. I hope you have everything you need.” "Yes, thank you,” Arley returned, and he bowed himself from her door as if he were taking leave of some dis tinguished guest. Arley locked the door upon him with a sigh of relief and satisfaction at be ing thus left to herself, and then all her forced composure gave way and she abandoned herself to the overwhelming grief which had nearly crushed her for most of the day. She had been so happy only that morning—every prospect had been so bright, her hopes so buoyant; there had not seemed to be a cloud to dim even the horizon of her life, and now the heavens appeared black above her. How could she live and bear to meet this dread torture?—how live like a stranger to her husband, whom, despite everything, she loved with a deep and abiding tenderness (though, if she had known twelve hours previous what she now knew, she would never have spoken those words which had made her his Trife—yea, she would even have stop ped short and left him at the very altar) ? He had told her that he had no love for her—or the same as told her so— that he had sought her simply for her money, and an, overpowering sense of degradation nnd misery swept over her soul, crushing her to the earth. Then, too, she was tortured by this mystery which enshrouded her birth and parentage. "Whence had she eome? Could it be possible that she had sprung from ob scurity—that she should yet live to dis cover her station to be as low and humble as that from which Iua had so suddenly emerged ? No, snecould not believe that; some thing within her assured her that there was good blood in her veins, Her tastes' and aspirations were not low by any means; her nature was refined, pos sessing a natural delicacy beyond any thing which mere culture could have produced, had she been bom of plebeian parents. But, notwithstanding this conviction, she felt as if her lot just now were harder to bear than that of almost any one living, and thus it was the first night of her wifehood was sp mt in tears and wretchedness. Still she resolved that she would not be crushed by., this adverse fate; if there was such a thing as rising above it and conquering it she would do it. No.f.ohe. should mistrust how utterly wretched she was, and Philip least of •alL . . She would not allow him to imagine that she was broken-hearted beyond re lief over his faithfulness; she deter mined in her pride that, as far as she was able, she would appear like her old self before him, and he should,be com pelled at least to respect and admire, 'if he could not love, the woman whom he had won under false pretences and trapped into marrying him. Her lips curled with soorn, her cheeks burned and her eyes flashed with anger as she recalled all the vows he had uttered, all the protestations of affec tion which he had poured into her will ing ears, all the attention and devotion which he had lavished upon her on every occasion, and realised that it had all been assumed for so mercenary a purpose. “ How could anyone be guilty of such meanness?” she cried, contemptuously. “Idespise—I loathe it, and my ideal has orumbled to ashes.” He looked differently to her—he ap peared different since this discovery, and she began to wonder how she could ever have thought him so superior to others; yet, in her heart, she knew that the love which she hud given him so unreservedly would be very hard to kill; it might even live on and on un til it would wear her life away. But, in spite of her wretched, sleep less night she appeared at breakfast the next morning as fresh and blooming as if she had slept the sweet sleep of ohildhood; and she took pains with her toilet, making herself as dainty and attractive as possible, so that more than' one pair of admiring eyes followed her as she swept down the length of the dining-room to her place at the table. Her greeting when she met Philip had been pleasant, though reserved somewhat as she would have spoken to an acquaintance—and she chatted with him while she ate her breakfast as freely and agreeably as if she had not a care upon her mind. “Well, I must confess she takes the situation coolly,” he said to himself, and with something of irritation mixed with his wonder at seeing her so pretty and apparently unconcerned, and at tracting so much admiring notice from the strangers about them. He had felt very uncomfortable the day before, when Arley had discovered how he had deceived her, but to have the whole matter apparently ignored and treated so lightly at this early date, while at the same time he was, so fo speak, held at arm's length, gave him a feeling of personal injury, which, how everTne could not resent without mak ing himself ridiculous. When they came to cross the Channel Philip was obliged to succumb to that tyrant influence which scarcely ever fails to prostrate its victims on those choppy waters, and he retired to his state-room in about as miserable a con dition as it is possible for mortal to be. Arley, however, did not experience any inconvenience. The motion of the vessel seemed rather to exhilarate her, and the bracing sea air to make her more brilliant and beautiful. Several rimes she sent polite mes sages by the steward to Philip, asking if there was anything that she could do to contribute to his comfort; and once she went herself to_ his door, and after ceremoniously rapping for perans sion to enter, put her lovely face with 111 ftnd inquired, in a musioal voice : “Save you any commands for me, Mr. Paxton? I should be very glad if I could do anything for your relief.” “Mr. Paxton!” She had always had such a pretty way of calling him Philip that this formal manner of addressing him jarred harshly upon him, even though he was almost too ill to take notice of any thing. It told him that she meant to ob serve her outward obligations to him; he should always receive proper respect ■ from her, but that she would not go < beyond that. He was not to expect any demonstration of affection or regard from her, since he had forfeited all right and title to anything of the kind. "No,” he returned to her inquiry; “the steward can give me all the atten tion which I may need.” But he looked wistfully7 into her lovely7 face, from which not an atom of its natural colour had abated, as if he would have been glad to read in those dark eyes something of the old tender ness which she had been so free to be stow upon him in the days of their Rooing. T When at last the vessel stopped at her pier, and he emerged from his en forced seclusion looking like a veritable ghost, Arley, in a very quiet way, as sumed and relieved him from all care regarding their landing, and proved her self so ellicient and sensible in her pro ceedings that he regarded her in aston ishment. They immediately took the train for Paris, and just before reaching that city Arley remarked: “It is quite expensive living at the hotels in Paris, is it not?” "Vos, if one goes to a first-class iiote., ’ Philip replied. “ Then I think, since we are now ob liged to count the cost of everything, it .11 be better for us to take apart ments where we can have breakfast and iUucn served, and dine at some nice cafe. I know that many people do that way7.” “It seems a little strange, does it nob, for people to be quite so economi cal upon ■ their wedding journey?” Philip observed, somewhat sarcasti cally. Arley turned and looked straight' into his eyes, her own exceedingly7 bright from some inward emotion. “Really, Mr. Paxton I did you expect that this would be anything else but a strange one, from first to last?” she asked. ’men, without giving him time to re ply, she added, in a matter-of-fact way: “ My interests are, of course, allied with yours now, ana since it is neces sary for us to practise economy in every possible way, it is my desire to begin at once.” How she would have scorned and laughed at the idea a week previous that she could have talked of, and much less practised economy, she who had scattered her money broadcast with such a lavish hand! j “What is your idea of economy?” Philip inquired, remembering her ele gant wedding finery and thinking to be amused by7 her answer. “I think we can 'hire three apart ments, two sleeping-rooms and a par lour, in a good quarter of the city, for a moderate sum; we can have simple breakfast and lunch served to us there and dine in any of those nice cafes very reasonably7. In this way I think we can make our expenses much lighter than they would have been ii we had re mained in London, while at the same cime we can have the benefit of the ob jects of interest in dear, delightful Parish I intend to make the most of this trip, and tfiero is much I wish to ;see and learn about in the wonderful city.” Philip made no reply to this plan, but he was struck with its feasibility and resolved to put it into practice when they should reach their destination, while at the same time he wondered to hear such wise utterances from Alley’s lips; every7 hour in her society7 served to develop a depth and strength of character for which he was wholly7 un prepared. Adversity seemed to have unlocked a door in her soul wherein lay treasures hitherto unsuspected. Arriving in Paris, they found three very comfortable apartments in the Rue de Rivoli, and where they arranged witu the landlady for the privilege of ordering whatever they might need at a reasonable sum. Philip, however, was almost helpless in making these arrangements, for his French was very poor; but Arley could | speak it like a native, and chattered volubly while driving her close bargain with madame, yet doing it in such a gracious, winning way, that she seemed to be conferring a favour to take the rooms at any price. They remained in Paris three months, where, at first, they had not intended remaining as many weeks. Arley often wondered when Philip was going to . return to London and take up his work again, but she had resolved not to interfere, and so let matters take their course. The lire seemed to suit him; the ex pense of their living was not much, if any, more than he would have been ob liged to incur for himself alone at home, while he had become interested in learn ing the language, and was determined to be able to converse freely in it be fore leaving. Another thing—his pride revolted more from going back to London, where his affairs would bo known and talked about—where he would constantly meet people who had known of his “ great expectations,” and his subse quent disappointment. He could not bear to encounter the sympathy of such; he shrank from going into close quarters to live, and, in fact, seemed to bo losing all taste and desire for re suming his profession. Arley enjoyed the sight-seeing as much as she could enjoy anything, with the burdens which lay so heavily on her She was obliged to live by herself a groat deal, for Piiilip evidently did not feel easy in. her society, and went his own way, leaving her to go hers. She was thus often very lonely, being suoh a stranger in that great, giddy city; but she was brave little woman, ana often when the tears would come with a sudden rush to her eyes she would resolutely crush them back, and whis per to herself: “I will try to make the best of it— to believe that it is all right,” and then she would go away to the Louvre, or the Place de Luxembourg, or the Hotel de Cluny. where, among the pictures and other works of art, she would for get for a time herself and her troubles. By-and-by, when she found that Philip did not seem inclined to leave Paris, she bought some artists’ materials and busied herself with mak ing sketches of many of the beautiful things which she saw, and in this way she stored her mind with much useful knowledge of art, and was enabled to carry away many souvenirs of her so journ there. The strangely united pair met every morning with manner most polite, but with the most commonplace of saluta tions; discussed the newspapers, and their experiences of the day before, or, perhaps, when other subjects failed, French culinary art in the most matter of-fact way imaginable. Arley always looked as fresh and pretty as a picture as she sat opposite Philip and poured his coffee, and there wns never any trace upon her face oi the many sad and sleepless hours she passecl in the silence and loneliness oi i her own chamber. She was always plea j sant and courteous—always ready to ob lige her husband in every possible vay, bub she never abated one whit of tho dignity and reserve which she haa as sumed on her wedding-day. She seemed to be as invulnerably as Achilles of old, and without even one weak, point, like him, where sho cnild be availed and conquered. Sho possessed a keon sense of the ludicrous; sho was full of anecdote and story, while her descriptive powers wero vivid and entertaining, and those sho sometimes employed, when the con versation drnggod, to such purpose that Philip would often find himself watching and listening to hor with a strange fas cination, and even sometimes wishing that- ho could break doivn that terrible barrier which reared itself so like a brazen wall between them. They lunched wherever they happen ed to be; but contrary to their original intention, they dined in their own rooms at six in tne evening. Arley never neglected her toilet ; sho was always arrayed in some dainty cos tume that made her doubly fascinating. She seemed to grow more beautiful every day; to acquire a certain grace and polish which sho had never possess ed before, and'to expand and develop mental powers wiiich actually astonish ed her husband. He began to enjoy his dinner hour exceedingly—to look forward to it every day with strange impatience and eager ness, and at this time had Arley given him the slightest encouragement he would have fallen a willing captive to her charms and she could have mould ed him to her will. Two or three times he brought her a tiny bouquet of lovely flowers on his return to dinner; but if he had hoped anything from them as peace offerings ho was doomed to disappointment. Arley took them with a formal “’thank you,” immediately put them in a little vase, and set them upon their parlour table; and there they stood, apparent ly unheeded, until they withered and died, and the chambermaid threw them out. Inis hurt his vanity exceedingly, es pecially as he had chosen flowers which he knew she loved, and he had hoped sho would tuck them in her belt or fasten them in her hair; but to have ■ them neglected and ignored made him 1 feel that sho cared notfiing for the at tention as far as ho was concerned. ' He grew tired at longth of Paris, and they went from there to Tours for a month, thence to Toulouse for six weeks, after which they crossed the Pyrenees into Spam, amt finally arrived at Madrid—that quaint, roman tio old city, which seems to belong to some other world. Once or twice Alloy had asked, with wishful eyes, when they wero going home, and lie had invariably answered that “he did not know.” “ I have no heart to go home to be gin at the foot of the ladder again and have everybody wagging their heads over my affairs,” he had once said, moodily. “"Where will you begin?” Arley quiet ly asked. “I don’t know as I care to begin at all,” was the frowning reply. “But can we live like this always?” she inquired, with a searching glance. “Aren’t you comfortable? Is there anything that you want which you liacen't got?” fie demanded, more harshly than she had ever heard him speak before. Arley drew herself up haughtily. “I believo I have made no complaint, Mr. Paxton,” she said, in a freezing tone. “ I was simply wondering where the money was coming from to permit of our leading this idle, useless kind of life much longer.” “I don’t know as you need to worry about that if I do not,” he retorted, and abruptly left the room. His keen-witted wife nt once reason ed that ho was very much worried— that if he had not been extremely short of funds her simple questions would not have irritated him thus, while nt every change they had made of late he had taken cheaper lodgings and curtailed their expenses in a number of ways whioh seriously affected their comfort. She became very much troubled by these things for she lelt that they would only go on from bad to worse if Philip did not soon form some definite plan of action. She knew that he possessed splendid talents; that he was capable of going to the front in his profession if he would only “pocket his pride” and put forth a little energy; and she felt that it was very wrong of him thus to settle idly down and waste these precious months right in the prime of his manhood. The place where they were living in Madrid was very dreary; the rooms were small, the windows high, and the streets narrow pud dirty, while the food which she daily placed upon their table was anything but palatable. Arley had never yet broken the hun dred-pound note which Miss McAllister had given her at parting, nor did she mean to do so now. She had never even told Philip that she had it, and now she believed if he knew of it he would insist upon using it, and thus he would sink even lower in inanition; besides this, if he persisted in his present man ner of living, she could, if necessity compelled, use it to return to England and Miss McAllister, who, no doubt, would be willing to give lier a home. But this, of course, would be her very last resort. Still, her present position was any thing but a comfortable one, for, while Philip could speak the language fluent ly, she could not understand it at all, and she was terribly lonely and home sick. Two months had passed since they came to Spain, and being so much alone, she had busied herself with draw ing, and painting some in water colours, so' that she hud quite a collection of pictures and sketches, with what she had done in Paris. These she brought out and looked at on this day, after her unpleasant inter view with Philip. _ . She was wondering if she could sell some of them, or-copy some of them for sale, and thus better their condition somowhat. ' Sho felt “that, it would bo intolerable to remain in that place much longer. Still she had voluntarily become Philip Paxton’s wife, and she was de termined to share his fortunes, good or bad—to be true to her plighted vows just as long as it was possible to be. After looking her portfolio through she decided that she would make an effort—it could do no harm, and it might result in much good. Selecting a few little sketches, she arranged her drawing materials and colours, and set diligently about her work. For a week she laboured unweariedly; then gathering up the result of her work, she tied them carefully together, dressed herself with great care, and tak ing the package with her, went out. She was exceedingly nervous over her undertaking, for everything was so strange in that—to her—half-barbarous city. She threaded her way through the narrow, and in many places dirty, streets, until she came out into the bet ter portion of the city, and at length entering -Montera street, one of the finest in Madrid, she stopped before an art store, where, after a moment of hesitation, she entered. Approaching the counter, she inquir ed, in the sweetest of voices and purest French, if that language was spoken by anyone there. A reply in the affirmative was imme diately given, much to her relief, and then she laid her package down and : J asked that its contents might be ex j amined. ■ I The gentleman, who proved toibe one of the proprietors, acceded to her re quest, examining drawing after draw ing with a critical eye. These were sketches of every variety _of places, people and scenes that she had obsorved during her travels; thoro were fancy pieces, fruit, flowers anu figures; comic pictures, serious and sentimental, and all exeouted with a freshness and spirit that made them charming. . “They aro very good, madomoiseUer tho gentleman' said, uttering the last word with questioning inflection, and casting an admiring glance into tho lovely face before him. “No, monsieur—madam, if you please,” Arley replied, drawing herself up slightly. “Thank you for yoi»r praise,” she added, smiling. “And now, if you think they aro worthy, I would like to dispose of them, and perhaps tako orders for more.” Ho bent a glanoe of surprise upon her, running his keen cyo over her ele gant attire, noticing its toxturo, its trimmings of rich lace, and the jewels that she wore. “Ah I she is selling them for someone olso,” lie thought, nnd turned his atten tion again to the pretty collection be fore him. ,, , . „ His practised eye told litm that, tliero was considerable merit, in them, and that, with a hint regarding certain points, the artist, whoever ho or sho might be, might fill with great satisfac tion! a demand in his line of business. Arley had happened to stumble upon an honest man. Happened ?—stumbled P. No; sho had been trying to “ make the best” of all her troubles, according to Lady Elaine’s exposition of that expres sion; she had taken all her sorrows and burdens to One who was able to help her bear them, and to assist her in her extremity, and now the “happen ing ” and “ stumbling ” bad rather been an ordering. The proprietor told her what lie would givo for her drawings, naming a larger sum than she had hoped to receive, and requested her to supply him with more, at an advance in price, if she improved upon the hints which ho wished to givo her. She consented, only too gladly, while sho received, with a wildly beating heart, tho money which ho counted out to her, though outwardly her manner was as calm and elegant as it had ever been in a fashionable drawing-room in London; and then, with ’t clasped tightly in her hands, she went back to her rooms, with a sense of exultation in her heart such as sho had never ex perienced before, and to thank God for the talents which Ho had given her and which she believed, if necessity required, would ensure her a future of indepen dence nnd comfort. 