Melbourne Sporting Notes. ' (Prom Our- OwnCorrespondent;)"' <:-' . <. Monday.... There has been" enoughTäcing during tho past ?week to surely satisfy the greatest glutton. In fact, there were signs" during the week that-the great mass of the public was.almosfc-satiated.rand: the V.R.C. authorities may yet find it desirable to leave vacant the Saturday preceding their au tumn meeting, or at least to give it to one of the suburban clubs instead of the V.A.T.O. Though/ the meeting as a whole was not a financial suc cess, it must be- remembered that the autumn gatherings of the premier club generally result in a loss.' ..The racing as a whole was of an un usually, varied nature, as one day the finishes would be anything but close or interesting from the sportsman's point of view/ and on- another they would be keen and exciting. - The running of several of the best performers engaged'was also very erratio at times, and should certainly have called for "inquiry, but the V.R.C. stewards are perhaps the most unsuspicious body of racing ¡ men on earth. Indeed, the "cronkest" things can be done right under their hoses, and they I -take no notice. It is only when some schlenter jockey begins to blab, that they move, and then they put on their biggest boots; and somebody is hurt when they drop their feet.; The club was unfortunate in having a wet Aus tralian Cup «morning, but the. attendance wa3 much more ..numerous than might have been ex pected, while the. gentle rain made the going nice and easy. Lack of space forbids me dealing with tho week's- racing in detail- ' iMarkr. Wkitty's colors baying been, carried by several Grand National winners are now treated with the- greatest respect when the word .goes' round that they aré on something out bf the common. . Said something was alleged to be Ar cadia in the Autumn Hurdle Race, and when the betting; opened the money was piled on him till he saw fours to ene. The people behind Nan sen, however; were very- confident, and he eventually started à. slightly better favorite than Whitty's gelding. Loch Fad was fancied in some quarters, but he hit a hurdle hard and put'himself out of ' court. » The race panned out as indicated by the betting, as though Ar cadia was prominent during, the greater part bf the journey he could not get to within half a^ length of Nansen at the finish; Finland, despite his 101b penalty, was naturally regarded as a real "cert." for the Ascot Vale Stakes, and also de spite the presence of the new Derby candidate, Malster, who had -to carry 71b penalty for his Hopeful Stakes win. The public would have no thing but the. Maribyrnong winner, and were con- ' tent tb lay 6 to 4 on him; but from the distance he had not the ghost of a show with Malster, who will- probably be winter favorite for the Derby. He is a fine cut of a colt, bigger than most of Bill of Portland's stock, and looks like being a weight carrier. However, if Hautboy comes back to his early 2-year-old form, there will be a tolerably warm trio for Derby rivalry. ' Fides did not run as weil as I expected at the weight, and she is probably going off. The betting did not Btrike me. as being particularly brisk on the Australian Cup, and possibly the presence of Par thian had a slight paralysing effect. ' War \God, nevertheless, had a very substantial' following, and though Mr. Forrester waa tolerably confident, a lot of keen .punterr decllned to believe that the horse would drop his rank as a maiden .in such a race. Long prices could be got about most of the others, and though in some papers George Fred erick and La Carabine are returned in the betting list at 12 to 1 each, plenty of 14's were on offer just before barrier rise. Personally, I have long been suspicious of some of the published prices of winners, as in most cases experience goes to show that -a point _ or two longer is obtainable. . I . -was surprised to see Seahorse started, as the colt should have been thrown out of work the week before, but probably his owner wanted the satisfaction of a run in the big event. He.surprised everybody by making the pace during the first part of the race, but then the light-weighted Tabilk got in front. J. H. Davis, his owner, was confident that' his. colt couldn't lose, and he certainly led the field at a merry pace. At the distance Davis must, meta phorically speaking, have felt the stake money in his pocket, and lt was cruel luck for him when La j Carabine swooped down, and beat his horse home j from the half-distance. It is understood, that the little Carbine mare, who has thickened a good ;deal, was not particularly fancied by the St. Al bans people, and Mr. W. R. Wilson only won a few hundreds in bets. Merriwee ran very well, ? but Parthian's, performance was so mystifying as . to'be beyond the intellect of the average turf man. Incidentally, it is said he was "dealt with'" dur ing the "face, but his treatment was evidently not i harsh, as he subsequently betrayed no. illreffects. Parthian is a horse who promises to make a repu tation of a very mixed sort. There was more" than the average percentage of disaster in th«* March Steeplechase, and though the finish was an interesting-one, there waa no particular merit in.Flat Iron's win,.as Homer, whom he- just managed to beat, is not high-class, though an un doubtedly, .useful- animal. The .."books" again benefited by this race, "as 10's were freely offered right up to starting time- When Earnshaw makes a move over this way with any of his nags lots of people blindly follow his lead. They pursued this course with regard to Henry, who was served up piping hot for the Bourke Handicap. They had no reason to regret their action, as he won by à couple of lengths, which could have been doubled without much effort. ' The punters were again enabled to get back some of their cash over Hau lette, in the Junior Handicap. . On the. strength of her second to Malster in the Hopeful. Stakes on the previous. Saturday, she was backed for a lot of money, and justified her friends' confidence by winning easily from a numerous field. If the weather was unfavorable on Cup Day lt was simply superb on Thursday. . When it was seen that-Mooney had been put up on Welfare, the Sydney horse was made a strong order for the Pines Hurdle Race, though Fairlight started a slightly better favorite; and Loch Fad was also strongly supported. Any chance he may have had, however, was discounted by the way he was hustled, along in front with his heavy . weight. Mooney, who is an accomplished horseman over any kind of country, rode Stanley's horse very ju diciously, and after calling on him at' the last hurdle, won pulling up. The same owner scored again in the succeeding race^-the Elms Handicap -through the agency of Cornquist. - Lyddite was spoken" of with bated breath as something quite superfine, despite her poor showing when backed SA Ensom* She accordingly started a slightly better favorite than tho son. of Abercorn; but the latter simply romped horne from the distance. The favorite struck herself during the race, but. man aged to secure third place. The ringmen had a rare slice of luck over the Autumn Handicap; for \- which, despite his Sst. 121b, Eiridsdale was sent out a hot 3 to 1 favorite. However, he was driven along at the head of the field, and naturally col- ; lapsed half a mile from home, the finish resulting in an interesting set-to ' between the long-prlco:; chance,". Peeress, and that arch deceiver, Car«'i binier, and ending in favor of the mare by a neck. Owing to their Australian Cup running, when Merriwee showed to more advantage than Parthian, there was practically nothing to choose . between them as regards ring price, about 6 to 4 being the ruling rate. The result indisputably settled the question as to which ia the best 3-year old at the present time. I thought that Merrlwea let Muir'» colt get rather far away during the last round, and though he drew on him down the home tura, a stern chase is a long chase, even on the racecourse, and Grand Flaneur's son had no diffi culty in again lengthening the gap up the straight. He finished^ under the whip, as Delaney seemed anxious about*the. time limit. There was no rea son, however, for anxiety; but most people were surprised that the register was 5min 26sec, as the. race at first looked comparative!* slow. There wasr ä little cheering as the sterling bay passed the win- , ning post; but not much, because the public did not seem to appreciate his eccentric performances. ; The St. Albans stable managed, to Bcore -its second ' win of the meeting in the Nursery Handicap,, though probably 'beyond the stake money, Deben-: ture, provided little financial return. . Hobson" was backed . for a lot of .money down to, 2 to 1;. but he, had no say in the ..face, .and Debenture about - whom 15's were obtainable) ;.fan clean away from* the field in the . last hundred yards. ... Clean. Sweep, who was well supported, was. a-,consistent; second, and he promises to be-one of the unlucky sort who are always filling the wrong place. The finish for the River Handicap between George Frederick and Terlinga.?yas a very fine one. The. latter, who started a warm favorite, would/ pro- . bably have won in a few strides more; but,- as it : was, the judge'announced, the victory of Carbine's ' son by a head, and as he was sent, out second favorite," a considerable section of the public, bene fited " financially. The Carbines; as a rule,... do not run too generously; but this colt, for whom I have always had a weakness, finishes as true as steel. '".. . The .majority of backers must have felt very . unwell at the close of the V.R.C. campaign on Saturday, as ,. they have seldom expe rienced s ar ": more trying day. . Fa vorite after favorite went down with disastrous regularity, and the ringmen'e bags must have been plethoric by the time the last race; had been run. The suprises began with the All-aged Stakes,.when Veneda, a 12%to 1 chance, beat the even money favorite, Stand Off, by half a head. Old Wait-a- Bit's third was~a meritorious 0ne; but the 2-year-olds, Finland, Kenley, and Debenture, shaped very indifferently, and apparently are. not particularly high-class. Clea! rode Stand Off a la Sloane, but the style is not suitable tor vigorous finishing. Veneda-, however,-would have beaten, Stand Off still more decisively had he not "hung" ; a lot at the critical moment. He has long been recognised here as an exceptionally fast horse, but somewhat erratic. Punters were groping in the \- dark with regard to the Unplaced Two-year-old Stakes, the majority bf the youngsters! capabilities being quite unknown; but finally Thrush waa .made a 7 to 4 favorite. She had nothing to do with the finish, however, which was left to Pearl I Skipper and Turban, and the former ultimately managed to squeeze home with half a length to the good. He is a son of Gigue and Pink Pearl, and finished gamely under punishment. He was bred by Mr. S. Hordern, and bought by his present owner-Mr. W. "Leonard-for 170gs. He was not I backed by his'owner, aa he has only been in train ing a few weeks. There was a mix Up at "the barr rier amongst some of the¡ candidates in the Place Handicap, Alix, Caledonia, and Eiridsdale becom ing entangled, and Fl Kuhn, the rider of Caledo nia, was dragged out of the saddle, without, for* tunately, suffering any injury. Once again the. bold puñterB went down, as Fleet Admiral waa made first favorite, w^tille George Frederick, de spite his greatly improved form, was allowed to go out at 10's. The finish was a splendid one. - Royal Purple seemed a certain winner at the distance, but ehe was then challenged by George Frederick and The Bride. A desperate-neck and neck strug gle, ensued, the trio being almost locked togethei past the post. The judge's verdict, however/ was In favor of the eon of Carbine by half a head, with i Royal Purple a short head behind - The Bride, I The 'rider of the latter> (W. Burn) lodged an objection to the , winner on the ground that his mount was interfered with, but the stewards declined to allow it; The public do not seem yet tired of backing. Euro to win steeplechases, but he again gave them a heavy fall," as he did himself, in Saturday's jump ing event. The race was responsible for- an unusual .number of casualties, including ' the deaths of Whernside and Murrabrine: The lat ter broke his back, and"-was shot without delay, and though the former walked back to his stables some of his neck bones were found to be so badly shattered that a friendly bullet was pitt through his head. The finish resulted in a great battle between .Hayseed and Blucher, but the old time National winner gradually forged ahead, and beat the German general's namesake by a short neck. This is Hayseed's first big win since he appropriated the Grand National in 1897, . but the stable preferred the chances of Whernside, who, despite his list 21b, was going splendidly at the time of his mishap. The big fellow had only fallen once before in all his many races. The Loch Plate resulted in another bf those surprises which cause even the much-hardened turfgoei tb almost gasp, .though they may set the cynical smiling. The spectators could hardly credit their own eyes, when .they saw Parthian, the 6 to 4 odds-on favorite toiling hopelessly behind Wait' a-Bit and War God-one ia maiden, and the othel Hie unlucky horse of the Australian turf. Il made the. average mercenary man on Saturday Jong to be a bookmaker-at least for that one day. Perhaps Parthiân's Connections can explain his extraordinary performances-the riddle ii quite beyond the mere . outsider. Such things however, set one wondering how Carbine anc Abercorn would have shaped had they been ir some stables. ; Wait-a-Bit, it may be . added was virtually unbacked, but ." . nevertheless he was heartily cheered on* returning U Beale as tho public sympathy has. lbng. been witl him and his owners in his many unfortunate es says to secure first . honors. . .- The old battler Ca bin Boy ','pl^èd.C conclusively '.that',-there is pléntj of , life in him yet by^annexing the Farewell Han dicap' with top weight ' (8st 121b) in ' the saddle, " How the ringmen must havè éhakèn hands wltli themselves.as they saw Gozo's son forge ahead ol the 7'to 2 favorite Dandy and beat him home bj a neck. -The majority had hardly written his name, and. 14 to 1 was at any time obtainable, The time, lmin 41sec, it will be noted, shows thal it wâs a tolerably slick bit of work on the par! of the winner. . Thus ended one of the finest rac ing days-as regarded finishes-and one of the worst days for backers ever experienced at Flem ington. Mr. W. Forrester was the biggest winner al the V.R.C. autumn meeting. His cheque amounted to £1846, chiefly due to The Watchdog's New market win. Mr. W. R. /Wilson secured £1510, the greater portion of which was credited to him by La Caräbine in the Australian Cup. Mr. T, G. Muir took £1382, all won by Parthian. R; M'Nally, the rider of Murrabrine, had his collar-bone broken when that horse fell with him on. Saturday in the Steeplechase. . - . T. Curtin,, the rider of Blucher, complained against C. Dickenson, Hayseed's rider, for inter . fering with him during the finish for the Steeple chase. :The 'stewards, after' holding ' an inquiry. cautioned Dickenson to be more careful in fu " ture.. .. ; .j". ' . ' Horace Dawes, one of .the best known light weight jockeys' in Australia^ died in the Alfred Hospital on Saturday night. Dawes, who was onls -'" 22 years old, was up at Wangaratta recently, and while riding one ,horse and leading another, th« latter pulled,him' out of the "saddle, and he was badly kicked' on reaching the ground.' Amongst many other races to. his credit he won the Mel bourne" Cup'; on Patron in 1894. His father, .?'Chifney," also rode Banker to victory in the same race in 1863. T. S. Dean, a well-known amateur cross-coun try'horseman, was one-of ' the rejected applicants for the Bushmen's Corps. ; Perhaps the selectors considered kis riding was not up to the mark, Dean, however, has booked his passage for South Africa "on his own." Mr. A. Joseph .left last week for his trip to the old country. .v . The Burnside R.C. stewards do business thor oughly. The other day they "disqualified a mare named Pride and her nominator (J. P. Morrison) for life. The mare had run at unregistered meet ings, but her nominator declared he held a V.R.C. , permit to run the horse. This .statement was al leged to be false. * ? * Card arnon was sold on Wednesday by auction to E. Keig for 70gs. He originally cost Mr. W. T. Jones 710gs. The Australian bookmaker, Mr. "Joe" Thomp son, has returned to England, much benefited in health after his trip to India. He has acquainted Mr. A. Joseph, who left on March 6 for Europe, of the fact that. the leader of the Vic torian ring has been made an honorary member of some of the English ? sporting clubs. ' ' The steamer Darius arrived in Melbourne from India on March 7. Amongst a number bf horses on board were the trotting mare Linda, the property of Cooch Behar, who is going on a visit to Osterley; and Molly Mesham, an English mare, who is intended for stud. purposes in this colony. . M..It is stated, in Melbourne that the colts by Wal lace from Umilta and Bonnie Rosette, which were knocked down to Mr. H. Chisholm at the autumn sale of yearlings, will be returned to St. Albans, where they were bred. The Sydney horses Roslyn and Alcedo, recently leased by Captain Smith to race in the country districts of "Victoria, have been returned tb their owner, the reason being that the country handi cappers are thought to have exaggerated opinions" of the work of the horses. ' '-? . While 'running in a paddock at Flemington on Friday, Kaliíígo came into contact with a barbed wire fence, ánd severely lacerated his forearms. A sale of racehorses was held in Melbourne on Monday, when,Stand Off was purchased by Mr. R. M'Kenna for 875gSj who. also purchased Scorn, giving 400gs.fpr him. Tramp, by Far Niente, was knocked down to Mr. C. F. Glaescock at 120 gs, the same gentleman securing Olaf for 350gs. Promontory realised 180gs, at whlcb^price he was . knocked down to Mr. J. Gove. AU* these horses will probably find their way to India. Mr. S. F. Reynolds gave 330ga»for Amourette, who will be Chipped- to Singapore at. an early date. Other sales effected were: Corhquist, to Mr. J. Hewton, at 300gs; Auric, to Mr. WJnter Irving, at 185ge; Standish, t0.Mr. Brollensfcire (of Queensland), at 200gs; Henry, to^Mir, R. M'Kenna, at 440gs; and Fairydale, to Messrs. J. Gove and C. F. Glasscock, at 150gs. . Welfare, Tabilk, and Hobson have been sold privately in. Melbourne. The firstnamed was securdd by Mr. S. Miller, Tabilk was pur chased to go to Singapore, and Mr. J. Wilson, jun., secured Hobson. Eiridsdale was submitted at auction, and 80Ogs was bid, '.-.ut the reserve was i5oogs. '.- "? . .. . 