THE SPECTRE OF CON TARCHY CASTLE. Who heard the bostly drummer of Cortachy Castle beat the death-roll of the ate Earl of Airlie 1 ~is spectral tattoo is ever theher h' of death to the heads of the Ogilvys. In bygone times there was the drum emer suho dthomed for the "Bonny Bonus of Airly." The wretched player offended the earl of those days and was tied up in his own drum and flung from a high tower. After vainly pleading for his life the poor little drummer threatened that his ghost should haunt the family for ever and ever. Legend has it that generation after generation the dead drummer has sounded the last post for Earl and Countess of Airlie, and the roll of his drum has through the long centuries blanched the faces of many inmates of Cortachy Castle. In 1845 a visitor at Cortachy was dressing for dinner. A tattoo was beaten beneath her window. The lady 'listened in surprise, for as far as she knew there were no bandsmed at the castle. Going down to dinner she said to her host: " Who is it that plays the drum so skilfully outside the castle T" The earl turned pale and shivered. The countess could not hide her fear. The face of every Ogilvy at the table was deadly white. Within aweek the countess lay in her shroud. The drummer was the spectre of Cortachy Castle. HEAU D IN THE NIGHT. A few years later a young English man who was to shoot with Lord Ogilvy, the eldest son, at the Tulchan, a shooting lodge at the head of Glen shee, missed his way. The night was wild, and darkness had long set in before he saw the lights of the shoot ing lodge. Then up the glen camo the long roll of the drum. There could be no mistaking it. Who could be playing out of doors on such a night, he asked Lord Ogilvy. "Silence," was his only answer. It was the dead drummer of Cortachy Castle. The Earl of Airlie died in London within less than a week. When the father of the Earl of Airlie who fell in South Africa last Monday died, it is said that the drum mer did not sound his drum. It may be true. Perhaps he has not beaten it on this occasion. But the country side will not be denied its ghost, and it may be that we shall soon hear that the spectral drum was heard at Cor tachy the day before the gallant cavalryman fell in South Africa. "Daily Mail." 