THE GODDESS: A DEMON. by richard marsh. All A PTTfln YNT1T. — TN TUB PASSAGE. Tbo Inspector I dragged In by tho collar of bis coat. I slammed the door In the facos of bis friends, keeping my foot against It whllo I shot the bolts. "This won't do! I'm not going lo stand auy more of your nonsense! You let my men in!" Thero was a llaming gas bracket in tlie pass-ago. By its flnro I eyed tho Inspector. "You ho so good as to understand, Mr. Sy- mnixle lilinl T'm r»r>( m it Ir, liuvn n rv mni'fi nf vniir nonsense!" Ho put his hand up to his inouth — a whistle between his lingers. Gripping his wrist. I pinned him by the throat against tho wall. "If you nro not careful, you'll get hurt." He gasped out, betwoen his clonchod lootli, "I'll make you pay for this! You let my raou In!" "I'll not lot your men in — until you and 1 havo had an explanation." Tho lady interposed. "Don't hurt him!" "I'll not hurt him — unless he compels mo. Look hero, Symonds, there's boon a mystification —a hideous blunder." "i don't want to havo anything to say to you. You open that door!" His hands roturnod to his Hps. Again I had to pin him against tho wall; this tlmo I wrenched the whistle from betwoon his lingers. "if you glvo any sort of signal, you'll be sorry." "You've broken my wrist!" "I haven't, but I will if you don't look out. I tell you, man, that wo'vo beou on tho wrong 6cont; you and I, and nil of us. It isn't Edwin Lawrence wh,o's been murdered; ho isn't even dead." "Don't toll your taloB to mo." "Tales! I tell you tolas! Here's Mr. Edwin Luwronce, to toll bis own." Luwronco was standing a fow steps farther down tho possago, an apparently Interested spec tator ot what had been taking place. Symonds turned to him. "This man? Who Is this man?" Lnwrcnco thrust his thumbs Into his waistcoat nrmlioles. "1m th.o corpse on whom tho coroner's boon sitting." "Don't play your mountobank tricks with me, sir." "Ira tlio murdered man." "Indeed? And pray wliut may bo your namo?" "Edwin Lawrence— at your service, entirely to connnatid. Though I may mention that that's only u form of words; slnco, at present, I'm really, nnd actually, In. the sorvlco of another— a lady. Bound to hor hand and foot, by a tie there's no dissolving." Symonds perceived that. In his manner to say th.e least, thero wus something curious. As ho looked nt mo I endeavored to give him the assurance which I saw that he required. "It Is Mr. Edwin Lawrenco, you may safely take my word for it. Tho lady can confirm what 1 say." Which tho lady did, upon tlio Instant. Tho In spector was still, plainly, In a stnto of uncor- tniirty; which, undor tlie circumstances, was searceiy strnngo. "I don't know If this is a trick which you liavo sot up between you, nnd wlileh you think you can play off on me, but, anyhow, who do you say tho dead man Is?" Lawrence choso to tako tho question as address ed to him. He chuckled; thoro wns something In tho chuckle which suggested the maniac more vividly than anything which had gone before. Who's the dead man? Ah! there's tho puzzlo —anil the Joko! Tho (lead man must be me. It's In tho papers — In people's mouths — It's tho talk of tho town. Tho police aro searching for the wretch that slew mo — the coroner and his Jury have vtewoil my body. U's plain tho dead man inusl ho me. And yet. although tt'e very odd, he Isn't It's tho rarest jest tlmt over yet was play ed—and all liers." llo pointed with bis thumb nloig tho passage. It's all her doing, conception nni execution, both. Aud bow she has enjoyed III lever since slio lias done nothing else but Inigli. Can't you hear her? She's laughing new! ' I here did seom to eomo, through tho door which vis ii L the end of tlio passage, the sound of a TOinuu a laughter. AVo all heard It. Tho lady (row closer to me; I grlttod my tooth; tho In- prctor, with whom, ns yot, it liud no uneomfort- ililc associations, treated It a« though It wero nothing out of tho way. "Who's It you'vo got In there?" Lawrence raised his hands, as If thoy had been Holes of exclamation. "A goddess! Such un one! — a ponrl of tho pan theon! A demon- — out of tho vary heart of boll!" lie lingered Ills shirt collar, as If It wero tight about his nock. "That's why sho'a roll shod her humorous conception moro than I have. Tho qualities which go to tlio complcto enjoyment of Iho jokes she plays I lack. Tho laugh tor she compels liar, characteristics which I do not find nltogcthor to my liisle. It gels upon my brain) steals my sloop; nips my heart; fills tho world villi — taces; grinning faces, all of thorn — llko his. And so I'm resolved to toll tho joko, and 1 pro miso that It shan't ho spoilt In tolling." Tills wllh u smile upon his lips, n something cluuivo In Ills eyes, which, to my mind, again betrayed tho lunatic. He threw out ills arms, with a burst of sudden wlldnras. "Let thorn all come In— the whole, street— the clty-ful! So that ub many as may he may bo gathered together for tho enjoy ment nf the Joko!" Symonds and 1 uxekanged glances. I spolco to lilin In an uiulortoiio. "If you tulio my advice, you will listen to what lu\ has lo any. Before he's finished, tho wholu Miuy will have eomo out." All tho time thoro hud boon knoeklngs at tho door. Now someone without mado himself pro minent above tho others. A shout enmo through the panels. 'Symonds! Is Unit you In tlicre7 Shull wo hx-ak down tlio door?" Uio voice was Hume's. I proffered' a sugges tion lo the liwqmclor. riicro Is no reason why Dr. Hume should not eomo In. Ho will be able to resolve your doubls .ni to whether or not this Is Mr. Edwin Lawrence. 1 our mon I should advlso you to keep outsldo. Thoy will bo close at hand if they aro wamtod." llo regarded mo aokauee, evidently still by no means sure as to the nature ot the part which I might bo playing. "You are a curious porson, Mr. Ferguson. You havo your own Ideas of the way In which justice is administered lu England. Howover, you shall havo your own way. Let Dr. Hume eomo In. My men can wait outside, till they aro want ed." I unbolted tho door, keeping my foot against It, to guard against a sudden ruuh. The orowd was still In waiting. It had evidently grown larger. As the pooplo saw that tho door was being open ed, there wero crlos and exclamations. Humd was standing just outBlfie. It seemed that it had been his Intention to make a dart within; but tho spectnclo of me lii the doorway caused him to hesitate. By htm were the Inspector's friends. Misunderstanding the Situation, they made an effort to forco tho door wider open. It was all I could do to hold it against them. , "Hume, you can eomo in. Inspector Symonds, give you mon tholr Instructions." "Gray, aro you thoro?" "Yes, sir! Do you want us?" "Not just now. I may do shortly; keep where you aro. Send along for someone to keep those peoplo moving." , "Very good, sir. Aro you all right In thero?" "For the present I am. ICeop a sharp look-out. If you hear mo glvo the word, come In at once — if you havo to break down the door to do It." "Bight, sir!" I re-bolted tho door, boos nnd gronns coming from the crowd ns they perceived themselves being shut out from tho sight of nnytliing which thoro might ho to boo. Hume had entered. Ho was looking about him as If tho position of affaire were beyond his comprehension. "Symonds, what does all this menu? Ferguson what now madness have you been up to? Miss Moore, you bore! This is no place for you!" "I think it Is." "I say It's not. You ought to be in bed. Who gave you permission to leavo your room?" "I gavo mysolf permission, thnnk you. I am quite able to take care of myself. And, if I'm not, horo's Mr. Forguson." "Mr. Ferguson! Mr. Ferguson stands In need ot some ono to tako enro of him." Ho turned to mo. "If you've had a hand in bringing Miss Moore hero you ought to be ashamed of yourself, it you're capablo ot shamo, whloh I'm beginning to doubt. Surely your own sonso of decency, em bryonic though It may be, ought to havo told you that it is no place for hor. What is this den which you have brought hor to?" "Here Is someone who can tell you bettor than I. Aslc him. not mo." Lawrenco broke Into inughtcr. "That's It, Forguson. Hume, ask tho corpse." Humo stared at tlio speaker, ns If he had been a spectre; which, apparently, ho was moro than half disposed to bellovo that ho was. "Lawrence! Edwin Lawrenco! Is It a living man, somo demoniacal likeness, or is It a ghost? My God! It is a ghost!" 'Again Lawrenco laughed. Ho went closer to the bewildered doctor; his eyes (laming, his manner growing wilder as ho coutluued spoak- Ing. "A ghost, Hume, write It down a ghost! I wonder If I could cheat mysolf into believing I'm a ghost? Hume, you're an authority on madness. Look at me; do you think I'm mnd? It's u ques tion I've boon putting to myself since— slio be gan to be humorous. I see things— I hear things — lilto tlio men who've boon— thirsty. There's a faeo which looks Into mine— a faco ull cut and slashed, nnd sliced Into ribbons; and, us tho lilood streams down tho cheek-bones, which are laid all hare, Its teetli grin nt me, Inside tho torn and broken Jaws, and it says, 'After all I've dono. this Is tho end!" I strtko at it, with both my fisls, where the eyeballs ought lo bo, but I can't knock II. away; It won't go, it keops on being thero. I eun't sleep, though I'd givo ull tho world to. I'm afraid to try, because, when I shut my eyes I seo It plainer. Tho blood gets ou my hands; tho taste gets into my month; tho Idiot words get on my brain, 'After all l'vo dono, this is tlio end!' I can't get away from tlio face and the words; whatever I do, wher ever I go, they're there. 1 oeom to carry them with me. I've boon drinking, but I enn't drink enough to shut them out; I cau't got drunk. And. Hume, do you think I'm mad? I hope I am. For whllo I'm being tortured sho laughs; she koops laughing all tho time, it's her notion ot a jest.. I I hope that It's hut a madman'B fancy, what 1 seo 1 and hear; and that, when I get my reason hack again, they'll go— the face and the words. You're a scientific man. Tell mo if I'm mad." Hume turned towards mo. His countenaneo was paety-hued. "What devil's trick is this? Lawrenco answered, in Ills own faslilou, as if tho question had boon addressed to him. "That's what is it— a devil's trick! Hers! Tho Goddess's! She's a demon! I'll — I'll tell you how It wus dono. She's got me— by tlio tliront; bought n,e— body and soul. But I don't care, I'll be oven. Slio shan't do ull tho scoring; I will play a hand, although, directly afterwards, hIib drags mo down to hell with her. Let lior drag! I'm in hell already. It can't bo worse— where sho lias sprung Tailing Humo by tho shoulder with ono hand, with tho other ho pointed lo tho door which was at tho end of tho passuge. lie was dreadful to look nt. As ho himself said, he already looked us if lio were suffering tho torments of tho damned. "She's In there — behind that door. But, al though she is iu there she's with mo hero. Slio's always with me, whcrcvor I am; slie, the faeo, and tlio words. You think I'm romancing, passing off on you tlio coinage of a madman's brain. I would It wore so. I wish that they were lies of my own invention, a maniac's Imaginings. Come with me; JihIko fi yourcrtlt. You shall eoc hor. I will show you how the devil's trick wus done." Ho led tho way along tho passage, wo fol lowed. I know not what llimiglito wero in the minds of tho others. 1 do know that I myself had nover before been so conscious or a soiiho ot discomfort. The lady slipped her hand into mine. It was cold. Iler lingers trembled. Even then 1 would have stayed her from seeing what wo were to see If I could. But 1 could net. U was as If wo were being liorno onward together in a dream. All tho while I had a suspicion that of us all In spector Synionde was most at ills oiihc, whllo it seemed to mo that IIuiiio carried himself llko a man who moved to execution. (To be continued.) 