OAPHioiaos i j m m m * <_I5r LE GR3SDEUK.) The trees planted along our chief thoroughfare cannot be said to be Nourishing. Some have given up the ghost altogether, while others are sickly if not moribund. Every attempt to rear an avenue of respectable trees seems doomed to failure Years ago Tom Stroud, the indefatigable and indispensable Town Clerk, made vigorous and sustained efforts to secure foliage for the Terrace, but southerly busters, salt air, and climate in their courses fought against him. The pepper trees now planted, though they succeed admirably inland—where specimens 20 feet high can, be seen—do riotseem to take kindly to our arid streets. A few of these, however, specially nursed by adjacent thoughtful householders, are thriving fairly enough. Last Sunday morning a citizen vvas watering' the tree which stood nearly opposite his place of business, when a stranger from Cue approached. " Nice tree, that,*'he remarked, "don't .remember seeing one like it before; belongs to the Acacia family, don't it?" "Not a bit of it," was the prompt reply, " ib belongs to the Town Council." * * * • * „ The present public clock is^i decided improvement on the previous one, and it is to be hoped its timekeeping properties will be more - reliable than those ot its predecessor. The latter was once the cause of- a gentleman of this district losing forever'his best girl He was one of, that unfortunate plass of men who are always late, and who find the utmost difficulty iu beeping an appointment, 1-e it ever so important. His failing was only too <ve!l known to^liis fiancee, and many were the tiffs they had owing to the remissness of the lover in keeping tryst. One fatefnl day the young" lady planned an afternoon's drive to the Golden" Sheaf, and it was arranged thiis the gendeman should drive her out, starting punctually at 4 o'clock. Determined ou this occasion to be in g<>od time, he proceeded, as his Waterbury informed hiin, at half-past three towards the fair one's residence. liut, passing the treacherous timepiece at the Post Oflier*, he perceived it was only liitee o'clock. He immediately s t his watch l»y iliis, and having, as he thought, an hour to spare, popprd into Ernie Burt's for it gnine of billiards. Time fled rapidly at that fascinating pastime, aud ten minutes before 4 he stepped briskly to the ren- dezvous Alasl the lady had gone, with another escort, after " waiting over half-an-hour. The poor fellow didn't know that the P.O. clock had stood at 3 for a fortnight! It was the last straw, and the young lady is now married to a man who, if less prepossessing, is more punctual than the victim of the town clock. Once Sub-Inspector Piesse, father of our ponderous Minister of Hail Ways, was in charge of the Geraldton Police Station. At that time the police clock was the sole guide for all citizens. There was ne town timepiece. But the Hesident Magistrate had a sundial fixed up some 50 yards in front of the station, by whicli the vagaries of the Clock were weekly regulated. One Monday morning Piesse directed a newly-fledged constable to go over to the dial and sing out what*>irae it was. After waiting an unconscionable time for the signal the chief was about rising to see what caused the delay, when the recruit entered, carrying in hand the dial, whicli he had uuscrcwed from the pedestal, and which he handed to the astonished Pies;e with the remark, " Just read it for yourself, for it bothers me entirely." 