CHRIST AND THE CHRISTIAN RELIGION. " The Christian religion has beeu tried lov eighteen centuries ; the religion of Christ lias- yet to be tried." — Lessixg. That anyone should pretend to differentiate b.tween the Christian religion and the religion of Christ ' will of course cause many good-mean ing people to start with 'amazement, if not with horror. For, after all, are they .not one and the same thing? Lessing says " no," and very little thought will suffice to convince, the im- . UllilU LrUilU lie IP XUC O ligion "of Christ in its nature and opera tion is one thing; the Christian reli gion, as ordinarily understood and cx pressed, though professing to be iden tical, is yet something very different, and to anyone who will take what is conventionally called " Christianity" and study it," marking well its spirit and working, and then compare it with the spirit and method of Christ, the difference becomes at once apparent. The religion of Christ is essentially one of icre, has sympathy for all men, is disinterested, unselfish, self-sacrificing. It takes no cognisance of social distinc tions treats all men as sinful and in need ; and recognises no worth but the ' worth of character. Conventional re ligion, on the other hand, as presented iu the concrete by ordinary church life, has an intense caste sympathy ; is sel fish, 'and makes much of social positions, and not unfrequentty thinks more of material wealth than of moral worth. 4 The religion of Christ is distinctively J one of peace— not peace with wrong, but- peace through righteousness. Its main business is to produce those . moral con ditions which bring mau into peace with God, himself and bis fellows But the history of the churches is the history of strife and conflict and bloodshed.- To say that the wrongs that have been per petrated in the name of the Christian faith are of Christ is to capitulate to the enemy aud make out Christ to be no better than, the founder of worthless pagan faiths. The religion of Christ is also the- religion of unity, Not only does it unite man to God, but its unites man to man, iuid in the best and truest of bonds. Christ taught the unity of the race, that God is not' the God of the J ew only, nor of the Christian only, but is Father of all, having made of one blood all nations of men to dwell to gether in unity and peace. But tho so- called Christian religion in many quar ters is dissipating this sense of oneness, and is in fact dividing men, as they ought not to be divided, and as nothing else does divide them, and is erecting barriers of separation which are most- disastrous to the best interests of Christ.' The divisions wrought in families, churches and communities through re ligion are not the result of a Christly spirit-, but from the want of it. That divisive, selfish aggressiveness which found apologists at (lie late Convention of the Churches is as far removed from the true spirit of Christ as the poles are asunder. Hell's motto is ever " Di vide and conquer," and (ho spirit of sectarian Christianity seems determined to adhere to this regime. The religion of Christ, as rightly understood is death — not to healthy differences of opinion — but to all narrow, divisive sectarianism, whether social, ecclesiastical or na tioual. Again, the religion of Christ is a thing of life and conduct. But have not tho churches made, religion a thing of forms, and creeds and social caste ? "Where does Christ speak of orthodoxy, churcligoing, or " our denomination" as we speak of these things ? He talks cf deeds and tho spirit which prompts them ; tells the story of tho man who fell among thieves and of the brother who rescued liim,. and asserts that the great determining factor in the last day will not be creed, but conduct. Inasmuch as ye " did it" or " did it not" determines the issue. Then, again, Jesus Christ in His religion makes much of the IIolv Ghost. This Divine person ality was to be the working force of His church. He was to guide iuto all truth, he the source of all power, aud ultimately secure the success of Christ's name among the nations. But who really believes earnestly and intensely in the Holy Ghost to-day 1 There is a nominal acquiescence and assent to His importance, hut that is all- that can be said. The base of operations has been shifted. The primitive Christians waited for the baptism of. the Holy ' Ghost ere they ventured forth upon the campaign of the world's conquest. We have come to have greater faith in the preparation of a good balance-sheet, and judging by the amount of time and space allotted to finance, eloquence and architecture, we have more confidence . in these things than in any power that may ensue by way of earnest concerted prayer. And thus the Christian reli gion, as commonly perceived, is in several points something distinct from the religion of Christ. Yet the religion of Christ grows. He has His own in all the churches and out of them. His chariots are ten thou sand. Reigu He must, aud Yeign He will. That He is misunderstood by us and consequently misrepresented is our loss, as seen in the comparatively barren condition of the. churches everywhere. That we should have had Him so long ; with us, and yet failed to know Him fully, is to; be deplored. But better days are in store, for Christ comctb. The fatal, errors of the churches cannot continue , for ever. r-.lJnhdly divisions and rivalries must cease. The king doms of this world must become the kingdoms of our Lord and His Christ. War must be ended, and H13 sove reignty, of peace, love and unity be es tablished. How far the Christian churches shall be the instrument- em ployed to this end depends upon how far they are prepared to get back to the . religion of Christ. That there is a strong trend, however, in this direction is certain. There are signs in many quarters of the coming revival. Leading men everywhere are feeling it. The Rev. Chas. Sheldon, of " In His Seeps" fame, was asked on his arrival in Liverpool a .month ago to ex plain the marvellous sale of his books. Mr. Sheldon replied : — " It is a sign of something, that is all. The sign is nothing except for what it means. It seems to me that there is coming such an awakening of the human heart to religious influences as there has never been since the Reformation. All the world over men are getting ready, for it ; God is preparing for it. Men don't want creeds nor theologies nor state ments about God aud about Christ. They waul -God; they want Christ; and they are ready to be shown God's will. It is coming. Dr. Hillis believes that it is coming. Mr. Moody, just before he died, said that his only regret iu going up higher was that be wonld not be-here to see what he himself called : the New Evangelism, which would be different from bis own, b?t for which the race is waiting." Strong men in Australia are feeling the same. Let us then take heart; for " the morning cometh."— Jf urruy Independent. 