Scenes at the War Boards. No. 7. " WHAT HO ! 6he bumps. 'Ere 'e comes. No, blow me if it is. I wonder wot's a-keepin of Lord High Wang-Doodle Rober son with the war noose this mornin'. Per haps 'e hasn't got over Ladysuiitliday yet. I know it'll take ine a week or two to collect my senses again. Ter talk about patriotism; why, Lor' luv' me, hi must 'ave 'ad four teen cr fifteen British beers afore yer could say Lord Roberson on Friday weak larst, and when hi gose 'ome me old woman she's a true Britain-'ad a kharkee blouse on with a red, white and blue apron, and her golden hair was ahangm' down her back 60 as it wouldn't look like a kopje. She haint no habsent-minded beggar, cause she opens a bottle of real British beer to coinmemerate the event, and we both stops one and sang ' Gorsave,' while my little ?Willie sang 'The Soldiers of the Queen, jne Lads,' on the table. Yer never saw 'im, did yer? 'E's a'avd case, my hoath, and I'll tell yer a bit of yarn about 'im. [Chestuut about the Angels omitted.-ED.] After me and me olo woman 6ang ;l Gorsave,' she says, 'William, dear, wot are yer £oin' ter'ave fer yer supper.' ' Look 'ere, mother,' I says,' what with excitement and -British beer, I feels like a newmatic tire as is fresh blowed hup, but I think I'll 'ave some j bread and butter,' and, Lor' luv me, with- | out sayin' anotter word she picks hup a tin plate off the table, and bangin' me j acrost the forehead with it, she says,' 'Ow dare you ask fer butter, when there's drippin' on the table; 'ow dare yet1.' My I hoath Bhe'6 a real Britisher, she is. The otter day, when the pertater man come round, she says to 'im,' Afore hi buys hoff yer, I wants ter know if yer are a British ite or a Boerer.' The tater man got hin dignant like, and says, 'Wot J and me born in Devonshire. Lor' blow me, I should say as 'ow I was n Britisher.' She says,' It'6 alright, then. I wants a shilling's worth of taters, bo long as yer are a British ; but hif yer was a Bore I'd buy 'em hoff Ah Boo, 60 I would.' 'Ow did you get on, O'Hooligan, on Ladysuiitliday ? Hi lost sight of you altogetter." O'Hooligan: " Be jabers, I didn't do too well. I got up on Jim Page's balcony somehow or anotter, and one blacgaard of a Britisher kens up behind me, and whippin' the feet from under me tossed me over the fence, and anotter blackguard on the footpath says 'Eight ho! I'll catch him on the first hop. What ho ! he bumps,' and be the same token I did bump, too; but no more Boer sympathy for me, there's notbin' in id, and, if I can't convert Frenchy to-day, I'll lave his brains on the footpath, so I will, or my name's not Dan O'Hooligan, do ye inoind me now ? When I was coinin' away from the Exchange war board, a sadder but wiser man, I saw the street ablaze wid fireworks, whin some spalpeen kem up to me and yelled out, ' O'Hooligan !' says he, . yer house is on foire.' ' Oh, that be dam' fer a yarn; I have the key in my pocket.' Any way, I hadn't gone tin yards further, whin somewan m the dark says to me 'Good night, Malvaney,' says he. ' Good-night, Murphy,' says I, and whin he kem up to me he said,' My name's not Murphy,' and says I to him, says I, " My name's not Malvaney,' and, begorra. whin we had a look in the loight, we found it was nather 'ave us, bnt two other min entoirely. " By gog, boliys, when I got home me owld woman was in bed wild a bad side ; she done it liftin' a tub on Monday, and Mrs. Doolan, next door, says she have graduation ave the eyebrows, but Doolan himself reckone it's information ave the knee cap. Moind ye, I'm thinkin' it's the bluebonic plague she have, bekose I seen a rat passin' the door on Saturday laBt, and I'm expectin' ivery minute fer the lot aye us to be quarintined out at the Alicefontein. "Frenchy, yer sittin' very quiet this mornin' on the edge of the gutter, wid a head on ye loike a bushel of pertatees, and yer hair standin' up loike a fall- grown field of carrots. How is yer parley voo francy after celebratin' LadyBmithday, ehP" Frenchy's eyes are bloodshot, you could Bend heliograms with his breath; he had to use a ehoe-horn to get his hat on and his voice had the richnesB of a big frogs at the bottom of an empty iron tank. He ex presses his annoyance at O'Hooligan's bad French something like this, only more so: -" Pardon moi, Hooligon, hut; aee Fratch laneuaige yon do not spik prepare, sacre blue." O'Hooligan: "Shut up, ye Umb are the divil; yer loosin' yer toime carVin corks, so ya are. Ife worJrin' at Bryden s hotel as a bill of fare, so ye ought, wid yer fillet a la cornbeef, and yer Patsy de foy grass, yor uiuttong a l:i pety pois, and yer solid a la cum currie and nceio, wliativer the divil they all mane. Anyhow, yer agin the British, and I'm agin you, so if ye don't shut up I'll give ye a taste ave Waterloo over again, d'ye moind me now ?" This touches Prency to the core, with the following results:-" Sacre, zee blood begin to boil ven you spik of zee Watareloo, par blue; but zee Trafalgar, too, ugh ! Wel lingtong and Nelsong, bah J I hate zee Anglais, mon Dieu; but zee French soldat vill kill zee British and zee Irish, too. I vill shoot, I vill slay, I vill figlit zee duel!" O'Hooligan: " Bate the Irish is id, ye frog-atin' spalpeen 'i Stand up there for ninst me and see how long it'll take me ter knock the glory of Prance out ave ye. Wburro! take that; fogabauln ! bang! lave me at him !" " Sacre blue! let me up," and over they roll into the gutter. Bill Adams asks Ah Boo wot he thinks of them blanky fools a-fightin' and swearin' like that':' Ah Boo- "I ten so alle Blitish blully too just now. Last Fri day week alle my custlomer 'iin allegetter sing ou' ' Hullay ! hullay! Ladysmith!' My cli! uie no savee wha fo dainibingichow. Allegetter clanky, I ten so. Ole Klugger him dead now; good jab, muckibilow, good day." 'Ere 'e comes with some noose. Silence for a few minutes, with ten or a dozen heads bent forward all eagerly scanning the news. Suddenly someone sees some thing startling and yells out, " My gord ! wot's this ?" but is promptly told to " Shut yer face, will yer. A little more silence, then another yell: " Hogan's ghost! look, Long Tom " Bang! "There, take that when yer can't keep quiet." The fallen one gets up and wants to know: " 'Ere, who did that ? Was it you yer blanky * !! - !!! - (?) - ** -" and so on ad lib. The cablegrams are finished, then they all sit round the Board, and the remarks and opinions passed on the present great war are so absurd that we cannot exaggerate them too much. Bill Adams has confused the Major-General French wbo is doing such splendid work with hiB cavalry in the Transvaal at present, with the officer of that name wbo was out here during the '91 strike, and here is some of the letc-a lete: Bill: " Look here, Hooligan, yer saw on the board where Major-General French was agoin' ter Blumefonteen ter capitulate ole Steyn, 'im of the Orange Free State brigade ?" O'Hooligan : " Yis, the dirty yaller pup; and, be me sowl, it's meself that would loike to be behind him wid a gun full ave liddite, so I wud." Bill re sumes : " Well, as I was asayin', I knowed Major-General French verbally, 'cause when 'e was up 'ere in '91 I was in the strike camp, and on this very spot where yer sittin' now 'e says ter me, . Look 'ere, Bill, hif hever hi wants real Tommy At kinses, or brave soldiers, I'll come hup 'ere and get yer ter select 'em for me.' Did yer see in the Record where Wallace capitu lated the same day as Ladysmith was relieved ? Now is this a coincidcnt or wot P Perhaps it's the latter, and 'e was agoin' ter make a peroration at the Council Chambers when an alderman said ' Not a minute; surrender unconditionally or clear out to the Transvaal.' Hut 'e did neither; 'e went 'oine and sat on the fence and said ' Yes-no' three or four times, and then muttered something about ' All things being equal and things that are equal to the same thing are equal to one another,' and with a few spasmodic jerks 'e collapsed as the procession went past." Ting-a-ling a-ling. OOM PAUL. 