(By'Glafcrio.') . The peregrinations of the Federal Oapital GanunsssaotQJer in. New South IWnlem, Mr piivfar, have produced a io* crop of reasons why many differ ent places ahould be constituted the capital ol Australia. Some ©f these ATta remarkable Ini their drtigii&aMfty;, AmoBg them being: river is very \- favorable for trout breeding,' 'persons could generally tolerate blflglaets <m Bummer nighitis,' '<fchjere Gs snfc^BB £he liflla soFm?ttam«e is IJecemb^pRc. Afl Tumut it was proudly ajWLoiDteBed that the summer temperaitnrelEdr^O years had »evter been over 110 dgpffes in the fcffifftde, wMle th)e raid-day toapeirature Inwin&er; ihad rarely "been, hitler 40 degrees, and 25 degrees "Wn£ about the lowest jjotoit (touched. Affc6r lciai'21 fing thafc a clamaltie ranging from 7 de greesunder freesing $oitat to 110 m .tihe shade as comaideiped by the Tumu)t peo ple to be ono of the blessings of Provi dence, it is not isurprisrilng <toi note that Ribey call iflse wtotoer blasts, when the fthermometier Is under freezing point, tod soow on <'tihie mountains. a 'bracing wind,' aad nosb a severe one. Heaven only knows wthMtHner Mr Oliver will survive thte ifcask of deciding wlhich of all the small towns with great aznbitSons which he visits is least flfltedl ito be tShie favored site;, but the task of absorbing so much back block informa tion as fh© is (subjected to at presemt should alt least entitle him to his screw. The country resident is capable of good fcffonts when he lets his imagin ation, looee in. coaraeotioii wit#* ^._^ae ^blfi.i^Uw^^blit- whcn*"ife-^jnbition to the height of a Federal capi tal he is magmifioent. If there is not fco be cbomesjtic strife between several ©own/try towns in New Soutlh Wales, ttfhe "troubles of Japhte£ in search of a father are likely to be eclipsfed by, tF- iose of this coDftftnien<b in search of a capital. If fchsre Is one feature fin WfticJh Aus tralia Is lacking considerably more (than &hy; other, 3b ds ghosts'. Most of the ei der lands (toaveall sorts of spectres, ap parJbions, and simaiiar ifierrifyiiiug items whiefo seem to go to mudh trouble to act idiotically, but so far Australia has not developed many well authenticated ghosts. Even tSae renowned Fish tear's 6hosi«, wjdch as ailteged to have been foolish enough to sit on a rani over a waterfhole on a cold nigibid, has no# had very much effect ona people whose tfegard for epiifts dotes not extend to undrinkable variabiles. ' Not even, the banshee, ttihat weird Irish production, which as said (to howl lugubriously wfijsea any member of the family to which it (has attaoheditself lis about to die^ has so far become acclimatised upon Aus tralian soil, unless its efforite have been masftiaken for those of the indigenous dingo. Luckily, however, this matter fis of little consequence, for a supernat ural prophet which is so remarkably tadefiniite dm its predictions, leaving pos sibilities for mudh uncalled-for repen tance on tihe part of undoomed people, while the real victim may die without making a will, and with <bis Snsuraucs jftremiums unpaid, can hiairdly be regard ed as anytfhlkig but a supernatural nuis ance, and so iong as this continent has *o many natural nuisances, It cant get along without spiritual. TheMand of itibe Kaiser, on itjhJa con Jtrary, simply abounds with headless ladies, award-stuck cavaMers, goblins, and other mysterious affairs, which are (supposed to be respectable oin account of tthelr antiquity, aed every castle with any pretensions, ito self-respect Shias at least one hauwfed room and a family ghost. The Gastle of Berlin; has a WhUte lady, who considerately comes out of "her supernatural seclusion to 'Walk abou!t the cattle's draughty pas Sages w«htenever a -Hohenzoliern is about to expire* This weird female ^ da so ancient that It would be sacrfleg© : fto suspect her of making a mistake, so <as no Holhenzollern just mow Oiks any v..desire *o die, and a servant reported ' having seem the White lady aft her ^;>"4d jgaiaes, 'the difficulty was got over £ sby s^cMnE thei servant as a misrepor The servant's sttory, however, was ^^^niroibcrated by am army subaibero, so |§F\ jKh^:.Kateer sent for 4jhe scared youth, jandr crOBS-examlaed Mm. The story IMS Wi® Empegpor asked bad la to® Swl* 'A candlestick, your Majesty.' 'And What in the otSver?' 'A box of matches, your Majesty.' As no right thinking ghoat was ever coamefced of carrying round wax vestas, this broke up baflh Itie ghost yam and the Kaiser ait tho aarne time, and afifcer William had re covered from his laughter, lie dismis sed the quaking warrior with the sag acious advice not to notices too keealy ladies in white paiMcoats and bodices who flitted about Royal corridors at dead of nijght. At present, pri?icip*l!y owing 'to that White Lady carrying a bojf of matches* the liotfcemzollerns are looking forward to Ions life*, which, shows how a ghost should always at tend tj the propiieties if it waists to sueeced in business. If the principle is true 'that he is a benefactor to humanity who makes iwo blades of grass grow whjere one grew before, then the late Mrs Regina Die dre, wao lately shuffled off in South Hungary, deserved & greait deal of the world in general. The many relatives of ithe deceased lady advertised their sorrow and their pedigree as follows : *Filled with grief, we inform all rela tions and friends of "the decease, on the 29th of last mooiMii of our beloved mo thar, mother-in-law, grandmother, greajt-grandmother, great-great-grand mdt.her, and great-greaft-gpeajt-grand mother/ the announcement being signed by three sons, two daughters, two sons in-law, tihree daugihters-ln-law, 85 grand-children* 12 of the fourth, and 3 of the fifth generation. If the prac tice of piDWang m 'In Memoriam' ads. obtains in South Hungary, the Dieck descendajUtis should be a respectable fiouroe of revenue for the local paper sometime next year. At amy rab&3 the name of Dieck in Hungary should con siderably outlast 'the departed RegSina. Even in London itself there iis some thing in ia Mttle underground prospecting now and again- An etoetridail engineer named Threfall has just made the surpris ing discovery of a splendid castisron tun-* sael, 2| Mies long, and 4 feetb high, by 4£ fetelt wide, running beneaitih some of the busiest pants of Che caty, from the Cr.P.O. to Buston Railway Station. 1^ (appears "than in 1863" 'the year when the Boys in Blue a/nd iflhe Boys in Gray closed (in a deth-gflp at Gettysburg!, and Sn which two great wieldetrs of the sword, and one of the pen, General Sir J'amies Qutaaim; Stoaewal JaiekSsomj, and'William Makepeace ThaebeUuy, passed away, ^ very aristocratic, wealltiliy and influential company, known as the Pnuemaiuk? Dis patch Company, laid down (this tuntnefL trieat things were expected of it, and still g realtor dividends, but the course of the Company's career did nKKt run smooth. If, was intended to flash dairloads of pack ages and maiils through the tumnel by pumping ou-t the air in front of them, and for a while all went satisfactorily, but soon the shareholders begtaln Ito learn whlat every modern cyclist knows;, tfcaic whe(re there Is a pnieumatic anything there is trouble, and after several yearns of manful sltiruggles and migMty expendi ture, (the Pneumatic Dispatch Gompiany accepted its unhappy dispatch, and was no morel Ever since then' that tunnel lay be nesJtih the feefc of London's millions, a hollow mockery of the once Hgh hopes of those who paid for it sadly and laid it down, and not one of the millions ever dreamt of the £200,000 worth Of jcaab iraa which lay beneath his understanding. Then somehow or cither, lin otnie of those inspired moments wMch'comei to so few of us, fowt make so many of us kick our selves after one hag Happened to i&a; wrong man, Mr Tlurelfall got upon the itirack of the tunnel, followed np the scent, and at last burrowed Mis way through a l>o(t of bricks and mortar near Euston Sta tion into -the poor lonely orplhlara of a tunnel, all of whose progeaiitotns. friends and relatives had dud or gone astray many years befotna. Now, however, Mr George Threlfall is looked upon as a man who has discovered a Brilliant and St. Geerge within the sound of Bow Bells, and a great eledtric company is going too fit it up as an electriic tramway for the diespalteh of msaffllis from the G.PO. to Euston Station, taking piaid-up shares in the venture to prove its bonia fides. It "has been truly <said tAuaftj St is a wise man who knows hSis own falther, buit Mr Threl fall's triumph shows that it & a still wiser man who knows how to put soiacj on© else's farther to substantial finjrflfraal «L . . ' » , 1 < One of lie worst feataes of die age! is ifoe increasing prevalence of Commiss ions, bodies which (aire consStuted ait large expense to find, out something which jev-eryone witib any inclination thaffc way knows all abouit aJteeady. Having finish ed elaborate expensive invesf%aitio!ns Into si subject which, probably does not re quire any Investigation at all, a Commiss ion prepares am exh!aiul&tive;| and exhaust ing report, coveifing atwulfc ia hate and a half of foolscap, which as duly presenltied to PaiiiamesnSt. That august body usu ally tedtifias to (the njagnlilflcent manner in which the Commissioners have per formed ftheir paifaffiotie dulfctes,, and num <§tt*6us chaffing <?omplimente <&re; paid to Ahe high lilfcetrary value of -the report, after which !it is quSelbly shelved, and the Ctommisa&wifers; look Out fox- andfcher chance to be patriotic again at the same raftes. It would be almost impassible to catalogue the various CVHtmussiotos whSeh ha ve been iitffiLefced on tine Australia/a col onies during tile last twelve months, huit fche bill of codts pertaining to such, if pre sented in a comdilse form, would probably be sufficient to slfcagger humanity com tfidehihly mome $han Kruger has done. "The principle just iniitiartjed iat New South Wales in conneotanon with ithe Western Land Commission,, that no members of ParKamemt or Government officials on the Oommiisgxan a®e (to receive anything more than travelling expense?, is ia sound one, arid iriight, if gmtejrailly adopted, iav© a deterrent effect oa the evil, but if this or some other sample means does not prove effective, the AuStriailian colonies will be obliged soon to appoint a Com mission to consider the bast method of abolishing Commissions. As matters ar* progressing juist now, ®fc is obvious that If Australia does radii k3M Commissions, Commissions will financially kill Aus toalia. The resume of the repor'fe of vairious Stock InispectorSb lately issued by the Minister for Agriculture;. gives an un pleasantly clear impression of what th« drough/fc means to *the residents of the droughJt- str&cken; districts. Thore is a striking1 similarity about most of the re ports, telling of dead and dying sheep, starving cattle, scrub cutting for fodder, and heartbroken ^tockowners. The most heartrending wail, however, comes from Boulfca, where a painf ally personal ele ment iis in evidence Sm Inspector -John son's report. According to the printed re sume of this documenlt lit is with grelat difficulty now thait cattle for buteherisig purposes can be got ffln Boulia. He fortu nately has about 300 goaifas amd abouit 50 pigs, and las long a® he can keep them alive he will not aitarve. He has ihlatd to cut bushes for the goat§, and fthey do not thrive on them.' Melancholy stiorieis anent £he sufferings of ttihie Bouiliaites have drif ted into (dSvSiiaaliJitooi before now, and we have already learned Itihaifc the citizens of thait thirsty spot ware in danger of de scending to water because the Postal Au thorities contemplafbed dilscotnltinuSlig the Carriage of 'necessities' per paireel posit. It has also become known to a sympath etic world thait even' the supply of old janifcms in the Boulia diMrict was giving oat, so that the! liveis of the local goat popidatiooa wejre seiiouisly endangered. But) there 5s a peieuliaiily plainltiive flavor about «tbie news thait ia Queteoilslaud Gov ernment official has between Himself and sijajrvatiom only a compamatively small number of goats and swinej, which alraady have been diriveto to consume the trees which he hews down ih his spare; mo ments with Ms little hatchet. Th^re should be few people who could foil (to sympathise with unhappy Inspector Johnson, doomed to hard labor for his life im a place where even .the nnareglSSsKfer ed goat cannot find tucker for fttself. The Rev. Mr Sheldon's shorit-lived .experiment in America], fflni runnSng a newspaper with the question TVh'alfl would Ohriift do?' kept right wfflthin view of the editorial eye, hais set andther pa per, known to feme as Ithe 'Bloomingtoai Daily Star,' also on the experimenting raekejt, and it has come out wiitfc an an nouncement as follows: 'A good many newspaper "readers think they can run a newspaper betlter than the editor, and no doubt His Satanic Majdsty thinks the same, so we propose to give him a trial} by turning over the 'Star* to him ior one issue amd letting him run St according to his own nabiions. No church maftices nor advertisements of a religious nature will bei received for Saturday's papetr. We propose to leit the devil have full B\tfay.' H the 'Stair' in quieatfion has really (secured <ihje( sesrvitoes of the getotttemaa mju||u)ned ^a.t Saturday5© ispie should nnr jtranKtffetlo metes cC £p8 flnti/ deu scriptiaa, for MepM&topJhieles; 5s mfiv&s; allv regarded as no slouch, intdlecttuaJIy speaking. He may be a bi!t new art th.^ game, but there should be a crisp, pun cenrf; style about his contrtibuibioniS which should make them litoteretsting treading. But it is to be feained tbat a genSfte-man, who knows so much about -the shady side of human nature may be <bempted to- tell -too much truth aboulfc various eminently respectable leading c&tfcaetos;, 6» that the 'Bloomingtan Star's' One Day with Beeize bub &h; the editorial ehairmay Tesult in many weeks' trouble with the (legal fra ternity. The probability is that efther the practice of reisuitnec/tSng all sotrfcs of strange people as editi&is; <to the <£k*?vs» papeirs 'that relsortfto dft "will die an early amd' dishomdPe^ dfath. Thsett^ ",is point, however, <M wMch Lucifer rmgTM be expected to be (considerably more sen sible thasi the propriieifcors of the ShoOfc feig Star of Bloomington. He would-keep hi? business eye on ftihe botojdle, and would nevc^r refuse' a cash ad., ireligjious or fothetwfee. ' In spifce of <thei drought!, public rejoic* ings out Wesfc soared to £ maje&ffi;£ ex tent over the mews of the relief of Mafe king, and <aifc Wlntom Hue jubilation pro duced results. It is record ed in a Western paper that the auspic ious occasion was ©Mebr&ted; by several palfeniiotie songs, which were sung to the music of a eorffidt and kettle drum, thS letter instrument being represented by tiiTi antique kerosen tin. ThSs joyous oult bur^t was accompanied ait sinitervals by salutes from a shoffl gun and a small dis play of Chinese crajckers, while >016 "re port joyously (remarks that la hotelkeepfti* ran up Ms Union Jack, an emblem of loyalty which Js only seen oni rare occflis* (Sons. It Is gratifying to note <fcha!t neith er the shot gun nor the singing produced any fatalities, so (that tflnere is evidently !a! good deal of vltiality staili left <m the dry and somewhat dreary West. A popula tion that can survive patriotic songs to thel music of a battered kerosene tan may eonftderibly be expected to stand any ffin fiistion Nature can (send talong. Only Qi short while ago a Southern politician, facetiously remarked that he had never known a churchman and a collection plate to become very faa? divided. A practical <refuta<taon of ftMs malevolent insinuation comes from Notr manfcon, where am Anglican lay-minister was mislaid in the bush for several days. It appears that the ufontunafcei wayfarer, whose name was Field, left Nornnantoo on a bicycle for Burketowni. but as hiis Way to the field® and pastures new lay across strange eouuftry, with not even a publican or a sinnst to give serviceable directions. Mr Meld and his whelel d« pairtfced from the straight and narrow "way (that leadeth to Buxketown, thereby lay ing <the foundation for much woe on the part of itihe people, whm it was discover ed that the trav?fller had not arrived in accordaiiiioe withi the generally acteepffed Jfcimelbable for the roiite. There was the utmost consternation Sn the ditetridtt for a preacher at Noirmantoni, even a lay one, possessed <ajn unusual value because of his raarity. The police said ta-ackejra were senlt oU% iand many residents of the district also prepared to join in tbbte search, but juisfc las proceedings on a gUgantic scale were about *tx> commence!, (the police effected a brillSamlfc capture of the stray shepheird and his bike about three miles away from a Station. He Is now quite recovered, and hlfe eloquence has brghtened, if noft {reformed, Burkeftown, but it is said thait he has expressed m determination. to dilute his studv of the Scriptures with a Kittle study of Iroil geography before wendling his pneumatic-Hired way on any similar journeying® an the future. It ite bad to be a loslt shepherd in the vale of Eani. but to be a lotstfc shepheird in the "Nortih ?dm wilds is, from ithe shepherd's pdint of view, infinitely a worse fate. Kruger 'has gone down* 5n the estima tion of every one wfho thoroughly reia' ises and Jubilates wihen a man ha® made a mistake. His safest and most profitable course was %o stay 1n Ms own capital; he ftafii left it, and about! ffife only poem lihiat will ?smi him after tbto will be the 'Raven.* Steyn isi built for speed; bulfi every body thought that Kruger, although, without brMiamey, was at least a 'stayer.' He is not. When a man des erts 344 relations, whom he is dheer fally prepared ho sacrifice, and Shunts round for thte most comfortable pub. mo^t remdtte from1 Itihe seat of war, iltJ is little wonder fchafc many simple peo fete gOTflft 9l£i J5d®» Vtf&m; i. L' ^ . J 