SKISTOHWR HAUNTED CHURCHES. ' We who live at the 'close of this nine teenth century oan hardly think it possible that tbe strange stories of ghoBt-hauntod ohurohes were onoe firmly believod. Happily for the peace of tbo rognlur ohnrongoer thero aro but fow obnrebea in Great Britain whioh have tbo roputation of being tbe home of spirits, and even these that are haunted do not appear to snffor materially by reason of their being so as sociated. The boautifnl Devonshire oburoh' of Ottery 4 1 St Mary (whioh may be said to be Exeter ('Cathedral in miniature — so muoh does it I resemble it) oontains, inter alia, several ' monuments. One is ereoted to tho memory of John Coke, of Xhorno, who died in 1632, and represents an armed soldier habited in half- arincur, with trunk hose and Jaok boots. His loft bond grasps tbe hilt of his sword, whilst his right holds a baton. It is believed be way murdered for mcr- oenary motives by a yonnger brothor. Wo are told that beoanse of the injustice done biin, bis spirit oannot rest, and his statne therefore steps down from its niohe at night and stalks tbrongh the silent ohuroh. Adjacent to the aharoh at Tamerton Foliott is the old Ooplestone Oak, beneath whoso branohoB a member oil the Goplestono family was murdered a number of years ago. Small wonder, then that it is said his restloss spirit haunts tho quiet ohurohyard— apparently seeking oomfort in reading the tombstones of those who wero privileged to die in the ordinary aonrso of events. Perhaps tbo best known of these haunted buildings in Sootland is the 'Auld Alloway Kirk' of Ayr. Tradition says that a farmer on his way home from Ayr one market night saw tho plaoe was lighted up, and on look ing in at the window he beheld the Devil, with a number of old women danoing around him. One ho recognised and shouted , 4 Weel, luppan Maggie, wi the short sark !' Resenting this mterrnption, the Evil Ono and his companions gave ohase to the frightened farmer, who made all haste for tho bridge of Doon, and orosaed the stream by . the merest obanoo, in time to eBoapo capture by; tbe Devil. Burns perpetuates tho-iegond in his famous 4 Tam o' Shunter.' His Satanic Majesty is again responsible for. the spirits haunting the ehnroh of Widdeoombe-in-the-Moor, on Dartmoor. The edifioe was, on Sunday, October 21, 1G38, struok by lightning and sevorely damaged. Four persona wero killed and sixty -two injured. The Devil is said to have caused this thunderstorm, and he is positively known (according to tradition) to huvQ attended at Widdeoombo personally on that day in the gnise of a horseman. It is asserted that the spirit forms of the four peoplo killed have since walked tbo ohnrob at nightfall, and the prevailing belief among the uioormen is that thoy will do so nntil the Last Day. Tiro old ohuroh of St. Mary, at Berry- Poraeroy, seems to make far too good a pic ture for a haunted building. Nevertheless, if we oredit tho history of an early oooupior of Berry-Pomeroy Castle, adjaoent, and hor association witn too onaroh, we find suou is the oase. Tradition again tells r.s how the daughter of a former lord of tho oastle mur dered hor ohild there, and that in death she apparently passes part of her time at the soeno of the tragedy, and the remainder at the -grave of her dead ohild, wbioh was buried in the ohuroh. Her Bpparition, it is said; has appeared on several occasions to independent persons, and the faots made a very strange story ; but as it has not been seen for nearly a oentnry, it is to be hoped her troubled spirit has at last found solace. The old ohurohyard of Kelvodon, Essex, also has its ghost, for a legond runs that a looal miller — 4 tho only honest miller in the county ' — was so poor that he was unable to pay his way. This preyed upon his mind so muoh that he committed suioido by hanging himself from a tree thoro, and further, ho is frequently noticed— by those qualified to see snoh sights — hovering around the ehnroh- yard with a halter around bis neok and his tongue banging ont. 1 