? OVER £1200 SUBSCRIBED. Last Sunday an exceptionally brilliant o J S - ™ t^at of the Solemn Westiieibourne, ^ t ^ ba dLa -AribTsWpof Sydney in . by tJie oarainui .» 4rf,hbi Bhop ass Ihe clergy present ^ - V e ^ Bev. Matthew Carey, 1 .P., . (w t Fathers, Malvern L Veiy Rev. \- h / DC 'j' 1>1\ (St Hilda East); Very Bev.J. RYau, S.J. (St. Xavier Co lege, Kew) E J H. O'Connell (Carlton ; M. P. S i (Memingt.n); K- C ^ g f . " tmi Hill) • R. s. Benson (bouth > Cott(St, Frauds); J Jt^Pojk ,. v„,,\\. m Quinn (Woodend) J. Murpuj hc^Cathedral); Claffy, S.J. (Xav ler College): M. P. Malonc Sydney) etc. A. circuit of the outer walls having been made by a procession of the prelates, priests and altar attendant.> the (•linrch was entered by the main door m the following order-.-The master of ceremonies (Rev. 3. English); cross bearer with the figure of Our Lord turned towards the Cardinal, acolytes aIfau• n - tendants, clergy, the Bishop of l^l ar.U the Archbishop of Melbourne and lastl, the Cardinal-Archbishop of .Sydney, attired in cope and mil-re, and « crosier (the symbol of the Good bhq>herd)- Hie Grace of Melbourne and His Lordship of Ballarat were in cappa magna The congregation, numbering some 1400, rose en masse as the imposing proi-cBflion entered the church The prelates and priests chanted the Litany of the Saints as they proceeded. Arrived in the sanctuary, the chant was continued, the versicles and prayers beiug-^aid by the prelates. The ceremony of blesBing the interior of the building and its dedication having been earned out with much ritualistic splendour, all retired to their places preparatory to the commencement of solemn High Mass. His Eminence occupied the scarlet throne on the UoBpcl side; to his right sat His Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne, and to the right of the Archbishop were the Papal Knights, Mr. W. H. Archer and Dr. A. L. Kenny. On the Cardinal's left was the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran. On the Epistle side was the Bishop of Ballarat. The clergy occupied seats on either side of the High Altar. The High Mass was sung by the Very Rev. M. Carey, P.P.; deacon, Rev. P. Cremin; sub-deacon, Rev. M. Hebir; master of ceremonies, Rev. D. English. The wisdom of the church in appealing to the heart through the senses forced itself prominently to the front, as a thousand and ono thoughts fleeted through the mind whilst "Christ His Mass was sung." The bright rays of the sun tlied their light on tl>c elegant vestments of the priests at the "Altar, and the scarlet robes of the central figure of the majestic ceremonial—the Cardinal-Archbishon—relieved the purnlo of the other prelates. The chaste High Altar, with its ornaments of white and gold, the minor altars of the Sacred Heart, Our Ladye, St. Joseph, and St. Patrick, combined to form a centre of overpowering attraction to the Catholic heart, and to cause the beauty and grandeur of our Holy Faith to insensibly steal over the soul and take possession of it. THE SERMON. After the first Gospel, the Cardinal- Archbishop of Sydney delivered the occasional sermon. His Eminence said: unon earth, is the maswjrpiew.vj S o r t creative power and wMom^TUo loved disciple contemplating to joyous aTon the outpouring fc «d with which it was enriched by its mvine founder cries out: "I saw the holy city, he now Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven from God, prepared as a bn,io adorned for her spouse. And I h<»rdla Croat voice from the throne, saying. Mold the tabernacle of God with men » f j ^ J n L'their * Th(J reat Doctor of the Church, St' Augustine, towards the close of the 4th century, when, weary with his many years of wandering amid the maees of orror, he at length found rest and peace in this city of God, exclaimed m an ecstacv of delight: "Too late have I known K U late have I loved thee;", and countlesB souls who had followed in his footsteps in his devious course, but had, like him, in the depths of the mercy of God been summoned to partake of the rich'heritage of bles Bings prepared tliem in the Holy Church, lifted up their voices in the exuberance of their joy, and entonedtheBweet canticle of thanksiriving: "Courts of my Lord, Kingdom of my Saviour's blood: One day in Thy tabernacles is better than a thousand; lot me praise Thee, O my God, for ever for , and ever." The illustrious Newman in our own day, not content.to give expres- sion with singular beauty to the same sentiments of spiritual rejoicing, wished, moreover, to invite all who are outside the one saving fold to hasten to the bosom of the 'Church, that they, too, may be partakers of the ineffable blessings which it was his own happy privilege to enjoy; "Oh, long sought after, (nrdily found, desire of the eyes, joy of Uic heart, the truth after many shadows, the fullness after many foretastes, the Irnme after many storms, come to her, poor wanderers, for she it is, and she alone, who can unfold the meaning of your being and the secret of your des- tiny." This heritage of divine blessings, which from age to age has enraptured the most enlightened minds, and has endeared Holy Church to every Christian heart, will be the subject of my address to you to-day, and I will aBk you to con sider its varied "gifts and graces under three heads: First. Our Saviour Himself ever present in His Church, and the manifold blessings connected with His divine presence amongst us. Second. The spiritual authority with which Christ invested His kingdom upon earth, and the sublime prerogatives which such an authority involves. And thirdly. I will endeavour to enumerate some of the special graces which may be styled the monilia Christi. the distinctive ueavenly jewels with which the Redeemer enriched Hie Spouse the Church on the day of her esponBals. I. The firBt and greatest treasure of Holy Church is the Divine Redeemer Himself. Foretold in prophecy the Messiah was destined to be the gloiy of Israel, His Kingdom would be eternal^ mercy and truth, justice and peace, would follow in His train, God would visit His people. In the mystery of the incarnation, these prophecies are fulfilled: the heavens are bent down to earth; the Creator comes in search of His children; He, the Mighty God, the true Emmanuel, takes to Himself our human nature in the Immaculate womb of the Blessed Virgin, and is born at Bethlehem. The hopes and prayers, the yearning and aspirations of the patriarchs ana prophets and' saints of old are realised, the work of redemption is accomplished. It is a remarkable phase of controversy in the closing years of this 19th century, that Holy Church should feel constrained, when refuting the errors that abound, to place in the forefront of her defence of revealed truth, the Divinity of our Blessed Lord. The various heresies that arose 800 years ago have al- ready run their course, they have flung away one by one the sacred truths wh gh they brought with them when they forsook the Catholic fold, and at the present day even the most approved champions of orthodoxy amongst them make fight of the veiy fundamental F lncl P lc :» on which Christianity rests. They will Bpeak of Christ as gifted and privileged and ennobled beyond other men, but they will not conftfsihatHe is K" 6 no/will they ^ S t t S ^ e adored as such. Hone.' thlehem 16 torical even history of t deed, an epo vilisation, f , garded as a li vin^nd abiding ,'faefc, ana whose influence on^ttMuftuctilatarng currents of human progress has gradually P & But the^Catholic Church unceasingly sets forth as the first and foremost principle in her teaching of divine truth" the golden words of the Evangelist: — 'In the beginning was tlie Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. By Him all things were made. In Him was life, and the life was the light of man. He came unto His own, and His own received Him not. But as many as received Him, He gave them power to be made the sons of God, to them that believe in His name. And the Word was made flesh and dwelt amongst us and we saw His glory as of the only ijegotten of the Father, in the fulness of grace and truth." Thus He is the Eternal, the First and the Last, by whom all things have their being, and to whom all perfect worship, all homage, all adoration, all love are due. In the words of the Apostle, He iB the splendour of the Father's substance, the ever- subsisting image of the diviiie glory, Himself true God, blessed for ever. This is the great mystery which, hidden from eternity in God,hath been made manifest in the fulneBS of time, unfolding to us the riches of the glory of theTlost High, and the treasures of His mercy for fallen man. As the Apostle teaches: "Great is the mystery of piety: God made manifest in the flesh" (1 Tim. ii. 16). But it is a mysteiy which the world in the pride of itB false wisdom cannot grasp. The divine light shineth in the darkness and the darkness comprehendeth it not. "I confess to Thee, O Father, Lord of heaven and earth, in that Thou hast hidden these things from the wise and prudent, and hast revealed them to little ones. Yea, Father, for so it hath been pleasing in Thy sight" (Luke x, 21). But if the world will not receive the teaching of our Saviour, the sweetest flower of wis- dom in the Catholic mind is to know the Father, as the Redeemer has revealed Him to us, and the grandest crown of victory in the Catholic heart is through filial piety to make some return for the Father's love. The Incarnation is not a mere passing phase of God's dealings with man. The Word made flesh, is the ever-present and abiding mysteiy of God's love, unceasingly Hooding the world with the blessings of divine mercy: "Christ Jesus," says the Apostle, "the same yesterday, to-day, and for evermore." Thus the living Clirist is everything to us. He is indeed, "the way, the truth^ and the life." He is the very principle of the supernatural life by which we are the sons of God. He is the foundation of all our hopes; the source whence comes to us the formal gift of Divine Faith with all its light and consolations and joys- Divine Faith iB styled by the Apostle the Bubstance of the things we hope for. It brings home to us the reality of things unseen, it leads us to the Beatific Vi- sion and it enables ns even during our pilgrimage here belowr to grasp the truth of God in bo far as He has been pleased to reveal'Himself to tis. Like the pillar of light which guided the Jewish people in the desert, it illumines the path of life with the rays of divine light, and guides and guards us in our heavenward course. "This is the victory which conquereth the world, your faith." It is the root of the supernatural life in man; it is the gift which prompts the heart to generous labour and the noblest sacrifices. It truly openB the mind to God, and enables as to lead on earth a life of heaven. It is like the golden ladder seen by the patriarch Jacob, which rested on the earth, but reached even to the heaVens and by which the angels ascending and' descending conduct the faithful soul to the presence of tho Most High. No matter how men may be occupied with the thoughts of earth, and may endeavour by the gratification of their passions to overwhelm the world in darkness, the Redeemer in His mercy shall not forsake it. His divine light will over continued to shed its rays npon mankind, and to mark the secure path that leads to eternal life. Through the Redeemer's mercy, tho sacramental graces which impart and preserve to us our spiritual life, are a heritage of blessings in Holy Church. Before the coming of our Saviour the condition of the human race was typified by the withering bones Bpread out over a vast plain, shown in vision to the wonhet Ezechiel. But when the Redeemer tame, the Spirit of God breathed upon those withering bones and they were clothed with flesh anew and were quickened into life, and stood erect as a mighty army of God. It is through divine grace in the sacraments that this uew life is imparted to us, It is this gift that enables us to achieve our spiritual victories during our jpilgrimage hero below; the same gift it is that will crown the merit of our triumphB in heaven. Tho world ignoreB this supernatural life of divine grace, but the Redeemer declares that this was His mission to impart that divine life to us: "For this have I come, that they may have life, and may have it more abundantly" (John x. 10). As the heavens are elevated above the earth, even bo does tiie spiritual life of sanctifying grace transcend itv dignity and beauty and Bplendour everything that this world can present. The Sacraments, which impart and preserve this supernatural life erf tho soul are the fountains, of which the prophets speak, that changed the desert intp a watered garden j the fountains of salvation of which the people of God were to drink with joy; spiritual fountains open to all who are of the House of Israel. In the Sacraments, the blessings of sanctification are brought within the reach of all the faithful, no matter how frail or sinful they may have been. The infinite love of our Saviour was not content to achieve the work of Redemption and purchase us at a great price, but in the Sacraments He is busy going to and jfro among the souls whom He has redeemed. The fountains of Redemption are h^re ever full and overflowing and free to all, and He who is the source of their blowing stands beside them and lovingly appeals to the children of men: "All yon that are athirst.„copie to tho waters; and you, who have no money,' make haste, buy and eatf'(fit Ivv 1). But there is another peertew gift of the Redeemer to Holy Chuich in'eonnection with this ministry of supernatural graces that merits particular attention. At the Last Supper our _ Saviour bequeathed to His Apostles as a legacjjr of love His own divine Priesthood. Do ye this in remembrance of Me," were IBs odeum word*; and at He went forth Gethsemane, it His beautiful prayer to the Father He registers the momentous heritage thus conferred on -them: "The glory which Thou hast given to Me. I have givpn to them" {John xvii 22). The Rodeemer, by the union of His sacred humanity with the eternal Word became our High Priest, the most exalted honour and dlgnityandglory that could bealotted to Him as man. In the words of the Apostle, "Christ did not glorify Himself to be made a High Priest, but He that said unto Him: Thou art My Son; this day have I begotten Thee" (Heb. v. 5). A participation in that peerless glory now becomes the Apostles' heritage: "The glory which Thou hast given to Me, I have given to them." * The Redeemer, in His sacrifice, offered the perfect and complete submission of His will to the Father, a submission complete even unto the death of the Cross. That sacrifice was accomplished at the Last Supper, though its outward manifestation was only perfected on Calvary. And on Calvary, too, He in His wondrous mercy endured in His sufferings and ignominy the burden of our gins, thus Meriting that we might be exempted from the eternal punishment that the divine justice would demand. And our Saviour did not cease to be our High Priest. Amid the splendours of the Resurrection He detained the insignia of.the sacred wounds of the Crucifixion. In Heaven His sacred humanity is enthroned at the right hand of th Father, but He continues to be our High Priest. The Lamb as if slain, yet living, is the perpetual holocaust on the golden altar, and the angels and saints join in the eternal acclaim: "To Him that sitteth on the throne, and to the Lamb, benediction and honour and glory and power for ever and ever" (Apoc. v. 13). In the Epistle to the Hebrews, the Anostle teaches that our Saviour in His heavenly kingdom is "ever living to make intercession for us" (vii. 25), that enthroned on the right hand, yet He is "still ministering for us" (viii. 3), and that He entered into the heavenly sanctuary "to appear before the face of <}od for us" (ix. 24). It is not that the Sacrifice of the Cross was not complete. He truly accomplished the work of Redemption. It is not a new sacrifice that now is offered, but the one oblation is perpetuated in heaven, the Redeemer's wounds ever pleading in our behalf. Thus he continues to be our High Priest that He may bring home to each faithful soul the blessings of Redemption. So, too, it is that on our altars we see perpetuated the same Sacrifice of Calvary. The prophecy of Malachy is fulfilled : "From the rising of the sun, even to the going down, My name is great among the Gentiles, and in every place there is sacrifice, and there is offered to My name a clean oblation; for My name is great among the Gentiles, saith the Lord of Hosts" (i. 11). The Lamb that was slain yet is living, is offered on our altars. As in heaven, so here the Redeemer is still our High Priest and Victim, but here through the ministry of His priests Ha offers the same sacrifice, and under the sacramental veils the same eternal Victim 'is presented to the Father. How grand, how perfect is the homage which Holy Church is thus privileged to offer to the Most High. Looking back through the course of nineteen centuries, the Catholic Church stands before us as a stately Cathedral built by the Redeemer's hands, and one by one the nations of Christendom enter there to offer supreme worship and adoration to God. How magnificent is that procession of nations and peoples embracing all who have been redeemed. Each holds aloft its own banners and symbols, each chants its distinctive anthems of praise and thanksgiving and glory to the Most High. But one u the altar, one the sacrifice, one the Victim that is offered for all. As' that procession of ages and nations wands Its way through the aisles and sanctuaries of that world wide Cathedral, not Euilt by the hands of man, how varied are the tributes of piety, how sublime the-worship that is offered. But the centre of all the adoration and praise and worship ib the divine High Priest, and the one Sacrifice which through the ministry of His chosen Priesthood on earth He offers to the Father. The Apostles are the leaders of that wonderful procession. Prostrate before the Lamb, in the name of all the redeemed, they offer their golden crowns. There iB the army of the martyrs, magnificent in their array of heroism and devotedness to the Faitn. The source of all their heroism and fortitude is the Blessed Eucharist. The Church was most careful to nourish with the Bread of the strong those who were called to give testimony to the Faith. Ab one of the ancient Fathers has written t Heis not equal in theitrife to overcome the persecutors, who has not partaken of the flesh of ma Blessed Lord. There Ib the bright araay of the neat docton of the Church, and the bishops and priests, *ho preached the Faith, and whose theme of oology was the sacrifice that it offered up. There are the choirs of vtagta Mints whose canticles rejoice heavetT itMlf, the secret of whose privi- . .: Lir...... lege and rejoicing is the Eueharistic Bread that nourished their spiritual life. A nd there is withal the countless throng of all nations and peoples, of every race and every clime, whose anthems like the voice of many waters offer unceasing homage and praise and thanksgiving to . This great truth enables us to realise in some way the perfection of the divine worship which in Holy Mass the humblest of the faithful is privileged to offer to God. Of ourselves we have nothing that would be worthy of the divine acceptance. But the Redeemer has provided His Church with a truly acceptablc gift, worthy of religion and worthy of the divine Majesty to whom it is offered. The humblest child or the Church who kneels at the altar unites iu spirit with the sacrifice that is offered by the hands of the priest. He feels that he is associated with the mighty throng of fervent worshippers of all nations and of all ages, as well as with the triumphant choirs offering the divine Victim that is all-pleasing in the sight of God. He knows that day by day on 250,000 altars throughout Christendom the one sacrifice is offered up giving glory to the Most High and presenting an homage and adoration most pleasing to Him. The faithful, when they assist at Holy Mass, conscious though they be of weakness and frailty and misery, cannot but rejoice in the rich offering with which the Redeemer, in the excess of His divine bonnty and mercy, has thus equipped them. They know that the holocaust of sacrifice is offered up for them and in their name, and they fervently unite with it the silent offering of their own hearts. In humble confidence they remain at the foot of the ^rrom whose summit ascends the ense of adoration and praise, all fervour they pay Feme worship that is due jition 'for the graces of in need, for the gift of Vnd for the crowning verance, and they pray of the mercy of God lless wealth may be cxto themselves, but to those who"tffe dear to them, their parents, or children, their family, their friends, their country, and that in the depth of the riches of the divine bounty the poor souls suffering in purgatory may not be without relief. I need not dwell at any length on the other infinitely precious gifts that form part of this special heritage of blessings. There is the indwelling of the Holy Ghost, which through our Saviour's prayer has become the inexhaustible resource of every consolation and grace in the Catholic Church. "I will ask the Father," is the Redeemer's announcement to the Apostles, "and He shall give you another Paraclete, that He may abide with you for ever." And again He repeats: "The Paraclete the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will sen'd in My name, will teach you all things, and bring all things to your mind, whatsoever I shall hare said to you. When He, Che Spirit of Truth, is come, He will teach you all truth." And through the Holy Spirit, another most precious divine gift is ours, the inspired books of Holy Writ which the Church has ever guarded with inviolable care and commended to her children. The Sacred Scriptures are an invincible armour against every weapon of heresy, an impregnable bulwark of defence for revealed truth, an authentic narrative of God's dealings with man, a comforting record of the public ministry of our Blessed Lord, furnishing to the faithful children of the Church an inexhaustible store of lessons to enlighten and guide and instruct them. n. Another glorious heritage of Holy Church is presented to us in the spiritual authority with which she was invested by her Divine Founder, and in the manifold gifts which flow from that authority. Whosoever has studied the life of our Blessed Lord will have realised that He proposed to Himself to accomplish a wore truly divine, a work devised by an infinite wisdom and foretold in prophecy, which would be wholly peculiar to Him; and He accomplished this despite the thousand obstacles with which it was beset, and despite all the efforts' of the allied forces of Satan and a wicked world to prevent its accomplishment. The grand work thuB achieved was the building up of God's Kingdom upon earth. It was manifestly in the exercise of an almighty power and of a divine authority that our Saviour accomplished this. Again %nd again the voice of the Father was heard giving the seal of heaven to the Redeemer's minion: "This is My beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased, hear ye Him." The prophecies that were fulfilled and- the wondrous miracles of mercy that were accomplished, proclaimed His authority to be divine; but the crowning evidence was added to plen- [ead- ' • ' " , by Heaven itself, would he commtmioated to Holy Church. "As. the Father hath sent Me, so I send you," were His words to the Apostles. ''He who hears you hears Me; he who despises you despises Me." And again He said to them, "All power is given to Me in heaven and on earth; go ye therefore and make all nations your disciples," or, as we read in the gospel of St. Mark, "Go ye into the whole world and preach the gospel to every creature; he that believeth and is baptised shall be saved; but he that be- Heveth not shall be condemned." It is not that Christ Himself would surrender His divine power; He would continue to exercise it throughout all time. "I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world;" but He would exercise it through the Apostles and their successors. How august is the authority thus given to Holy Church. It leads us back to the very source of all authority, that is, to God Himself. It knows no boundaries; no limits are set to it. It is not restricted by any frontiers of the secular powers that sway the destinies of the world; its only limits are the bounds of the earth. It is not subject to the vicissitudes of time, or the decrepitude of age, for it is divine; and it shall continue to be exercised so long as the world shall last. This spiritual authority is a precious heritage, of blessing to the Church, devised, as the Apostle tells us, for building up the mystic body of Christ, that is, for guarding and preserving the teachings of the faith, and perpetuating the treasures of redemption. St. James further attests that this divine authority is granted to the Church, that the faithful may not be tossed about by every wind of false doctrine, or be betrayed into error by the plausible reasonings, or crafty schemes, and cunning devices,of evil designing men. When the standard of revolt was unfurled by innumerable agencies of heresy in the 16th century, it was mainly this spiritual authority of the Church that was marked out for assault. The authority of the inspired writings was set up as a substitute in its stead. The Bible, and nothing but the Bible, was the warcry of all the sects. The developments of Protestantism in our own day have become the avenging Nemesis of the divine truth that was thus assailed. In the pursuits of higher criticism, gifted men who hold exalted positions in the Anglican Church, or are prominent for learning among the various non- conformist sectaries, have practically undermined the popular reverence for the Bible and swept awav its authority. One of these distinguished writers has described the Bible as " a rope of sand;" another asks his readers to believe that "what we have is not the Bible," and that the true Bible has yet to be discovered. One of the most pretentious of those writers has declared that the Scriptures "abound in myths and fables." "They contain indeed,", he says, "the gold of revelation, but this gold is covered up and lost in the rubbish of centuries. The Bible " lie adds, "has had the fate of the city of Jerusalem. Ancient Jerusalem lies buried beneath the rubbish of more than eighteen centuries. In recent times this rubbish has in a measure been explored, and by digging to the rock bed the ancient city of the holy times has been recovered. Just so the Holy Scriptures, as given by divine inspiration to holv nrophets, life buried beneath the rubbish" of centuries. The valleys of Biblical truth have been filTed up with the debris of human dogmas, priestly ecclesiastical institutions, liturgical formulas, priestly ceremonies, and casuistic practices. Historical criticism is digging through this mass of rubbish." Even the Protestant Dean of Canterbury does not hesitate to say that the Bible is a mixture of truth and error, and he practically surrenders the whole case to the opponents of the sacred text when he contends that the Christian apo- logist can no longer be asked to defend the book as a whole, but select passages of it only. Another divine of considerable literary fame goes so far as to affirm that the Apostle of Nations, convert as he was, did not understand the truths that he was expounding, and hence that in his epistles he is incoherent in his teachings regarding the doctrines of divine faith. As a result of such pretentious theories and statements on the part of men who are regarded as leaders of thought in the English-speaking Protestant world, a cry of despair has gone up from the very depths of the Anglican communion invoking some divine authority to come to its aid, to define what tenets are to be held, and to unveil the scriptural truth in its fair forms to the anxious minds and troubled hearts. A few months ago a remarkable article appeared in one or the English magazines giving the opinions of several prominent theologians representing the drift of belief in the various Protestant Churches in England and on the Continent, and the conclusion of them all was formulised in the words, "the Bible as taken by itself can no longer be regarded as a guide to true Christianity, and can afford no sufficient proof that such and such doctrines are true. It is a guide and a proof only when some authority outside the book is able to ear-mark what is true and essential in it, and distinguish this from what is indifferent and fallacious." And the writer goes on to say: "The original Protestant position set forth by divines like Hooker, who denounced, as one of the fundamental errors of Rome, the doctrine that 'Scripture was insufficient without tradition,' is by the Protestantism of to-day being itself denounced and repudiated; and a doctrine which, in some respects at all events, resembles that of Rome is more or less explicitly being set up by them in its place. This is the doctrine that as a guide to truth, or as a proof of it, Scripture is altogether insufficient unless it is guaranteed and interpreted by some authority external to itself; and this authority has to answer two sets of questions. Firstly, since the Bible is a mixture of truth and error, it has to separate for us the inspired pas- sages from the erroneous; and secondly, since the inspired passages imply more than they say, since the Christian creeds are deduced from, rather than contained in, them, and since equally earnest men have deduced from them very different conclusions, this authority must separate for us what is orthodox in dogma from what is heretical, just as it separates for us in the Bible the divine elements from the human. It is this authority, then, which, for the modern Protestant, is now confessed to be, as it always has been for the Catholic, the intellectual and logical foundation on which Christianity rests." This perplexity and anguish of those who have forfeited the divine authority that would instruct and guide them, should doubly endear to us the heritage of blessing which it is our privilege to enjoy. He who is "the' Way, the Truth, and the Life," invests Holy Church with His own authority, and commissions her to teach us His lessons of divine wisdom, to guard us in the paths of life, and to lead us to our heavenly destiny. He decreed, moreover, in the unsearchable ways of His mercy that this spiritual supreme authority would be resplendent with a fourfold diadem of peerless radiance so distinctive of its origin that even they who run may read and must confess that the Church is the Redeemer's work the masterpiece of His right hand. What shall I say of the Diadem of Unity whose beauteous rays shed such lustre on the authority of the Church which adorns it ? In the prayer of the Redeem er, recorded in the 17th chapter of St John's Gospel, He asks the Father not only that the faithful may be preserved in the sacred bonds of unity, but further, that such unity would be manifest proof to the who!* fi' divine mission. Oar Saviour adds that it vu not for the immediate disoiples •lone for whom He prayed, but for those also who through their word wonld believe in Him "that they all may be one, that the world may believe that Thou h«Bt sent Me." For nineteen centuries this perfect unity has been shown fortli in the Catholic Church, and in her alone. From the rising to the sotting of tbo sun 250 millions of faithful souls receive the same doctrines and profess the same Faith. It is relying on the divine authority thus given to her by our Blessed Lord that we accept her lessons of heavenly wisdom, and as it is impossible for " a divine authority to vary in its teaching, so we feel assured that the Faith which we receive is the same which the Apostles announced when the sound of their preaching went forth into the whole world; the same for which countless martyrs joyfully laid down their lives;which the great Doctors preached in every age, and which gave consolation and peace and victory to countless Saints: "this is the victory which conqueretli the world, your Faith." And, together with the Unity of Faith, the Church enjovs through the same divine authority and through the efficacy of the Redeemer's praver, a perfect unity of sacramental graces," and of religious worship under the ever-watcliful guardianship of Him whose commission it is to feed the lambs and the sheep of the spiritual fold. The diadem of Sanctity, radiant with the countless gems of the virtues of the Saints, also adorns the Clmrch. The Church cannot but be holy. The spirit of sanctity ever abides with her, and the Redeemer is Himself present to her "all days even to the consummation of the world" to enlighten, and guide, and protect her. The Church is described by the Apostle as the counterpart on earth of the heavenly Jerusalem, and she is presented to us as the spouse of the Lamb, a- virgin ever clinsto and immaculate, without spot or wrinkle. ThevirtneB of the Saints form the radiant robe of the Spouse of Christ. As "star doth differ from Btar in brightness," even so endlesB in its variety is the array of virtues that thus adorns the Church. The Bplendour of her sanctity is "the radiant vesture and gilded clothing" of which the roval Psalmist speaks; it shows forth to the world that licr origin is divine. And it is given us not only to admire this heritage of the virtues "of the Saints in Holy Church; we, moreover, rejoice in their holiness, for they are our brothers in the Faith ; we regard their heroism and their triumphs as our own, and we may fondly hope to follow in the. paths they have trod and to attain their crown. The Church is also endowed with the diadem of Catholicity. It is not to one or other chosen nation that she is destined to bend her steps. Her mission ib directed to the children of God of every race and every tongue, that the fountains of spiritual gladness may be open to all, and oil may bo enlightened by the rays of divine truth. All alike are invited here to partake of their Father's blessing, even as hereafter all are called to be made like to Him in the splendours of His glory. Faithful to lier mission, the Church untiringly sends forth to the remotest lands the heralds of the glad tidings of Redemption. There is no region of the known world, no matter how remote, in which she has not planted the standard of the Cross, and there is no people, no matter how rude and uncivilised, to whom she has not preached Christ crucified. The Apostolic diadem also adores the Church, for the Apostles are the foundations of this new Jerusalem, and it is the Church's mission to preserve and to pre. sent to the world till the end of time the type of the Apostles, to hand on their traditions from generation to generation, to perpetuate their doctrine, and in an unbroken^no of sacerdotal ministry to link tirtGfcntfchii of each successive age with tfc* <JLvfcto t>ufl*>uring of blessings bestafcef upon We Church on first great y^tnfatal Pe«6f Thus Mjuinpea^Kth and adorned ..with £$pif old Church, as^ha BpousrM 01 ceived yet another gift* p; age for her children. Hue ? set upon her lijlti, the; <£a1 the authority dems, the it, has reless herit- [eemer has f infallible and unerring tenchnijjy»w"<l at her words „„„„ are words of life, nnd her doctrine iVthe teaching of the Saviour Himself. The fj prophet's words are fulfilled: "This it nre . Mmnmit > rry Un -(••"• lUl wm « in wee, ana 4 *y words that I have put in thy mouth •hall not depart out of thy mouth nor mt of the mouth of thy seed, nor out of the mouth of thy seed's seed from henoea ® d , for Thou shalt be a «d a royal diadem in the hand of thy _ voo. l will make thee an eternal erad. J°y »\\*y generations; sal- Jf^fi™ tiiy gateaj 1 jhy sun shall m* praise ta0 ^ j g L j f ^ ^ f c ^ pot be .dimin- "fmed ^ - sagauurt s s l owne now to those gifta whinhmar vrhfeh' Be t t t R t % b. ,don>»d on day of her espousals. flVio vwrt is this amy that we oauffa- «.« onlfa f4w flowers from the 3 Ven Countless as are the stars In the finnament, oven so, innumerable beyond Ml that the mind can grasp, are the bless, infra and rifts and graces which m oveiv flXS abundance Christ haBconfemd uuon His chosen spouse. First of all, t C is the fruitfulness of =onary coal. The Redeemer was Himself the ight and life of the world and He came to impart His divine light and life to man seated in darkness and in the shadow of death. He was the truth, and from His own divine words we leant that for this He came into the world to give testimony to the truth. The knowledge and the love of God had grown cold among men, and again the Redeemer declared "I have come to cast fire uuon the earth and what do I desire but that it bo kindled?" Now what is the missionary fruitfulnesB which He gave aB a precious heritage to His Church, but that imparting of a divine life, and the spreading of the light of heavenly truth, and the kindling of the sacred fire of love in the hearts of men, manifest works of divine mercy and love which Holy Church should perpetuate till the end of time. The prophet's words shall be indeed fulfilled : "Thy gates shall be opened continually ; they shall not be shut day nor night, that the strength of the Gentiles may be brought to thee" (Is. Ix.). Looking back on. the course of see that in every age this mil fulness has been a charact Church. From the rising sun the heraldB of the goi ing the glad tidings of ] those that were in ignora truth, and from countless 11 toned the joyous anthem, "Ho' on the mountain summits ar prints of the messengers of glad tidfl ^ the messengers of peace." Other communions from time to time have endea- , voured, but in vain, to emulate the glorious achievements of the missionaries of the Catholic Church. Tertullian in his day illustrated by a trite example such efforts of those who were outside the one true fold. "The wasps," he says, "can emulate in their hives the moit delicate work of the bees; one thing alone shall be found wanting, that is, the honcv." So it is that the various heretical communions having immenBe resources at their command, nitty send forth armies of emissaries and agents, and in a thousand ways may endeavour with success to impart all the material advantages of civilisation. But the honey is ever found to be wanting. The virtues of the Christian life can only blossom and produce frait where the light and the grace of the Kingdom of God abound. Another sacred heritage bequeathed by our Saviour to His Church is her privilege to endure suffering and persecution for His name at the hands of the wicked. He thtis admonished the Apostles : "If the world hate you, know" ye that it hath hated Me before you. If you had been of the world, the world would love its ownbut because you are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world liateth you. Remember My word that I said to you, The servant is not greater than his master/ If they have persecuted Me, they will also persecute you; if they have kopt My word, they will keep yours aW. ut all these things they will do to you for My name's sake, because they know not Him that sent Me. These things I have spoken to you that you be not scandalised. They will put you out of the synagogues; yea, the hour cometh, that whosoever killeth you, will think that he doth a service to God" (John xvi., xvii.). The Redeemer had chosen for Himself the path of suffering and humiliation. The Church would be privileged to wear His royal robe. He was subjected to calumny. hatred, and persecution, and untold sufferings at the hands of wicked men. The same would continue to be ft distinctive feature of the Church's earth. The civil state would 's career on hands in fetters. She would ld be bind stigma- her tised as the enemy of Caesar, A hostile fc. to his interests, opposed to the progress and the enlightenment of thi day. On every side strifm ftnd ltnmilUttnnti vnnli) unff. tings and foul devices of wicked men ate forged against her in vain. There could be no better proof .that her wtality is divine. "»« If the maHp heritage of wmnrogwhmma suffering was inarked out lor tor the Church, yet was theVeritage heritage of " c victory to zem^kNrith her tothe e£d of time. The Aporile comforted Hie faithful with theassuranoe of wch triumphs: "This is the victory that conquereth the world, your fait* * All human power P°*er might be b* arrayed against hot. h«r. For thrc»centuries three MufaniM thestm^S.andenereies flu nfNmaM. •«<) maniMi of Bone, oombined with all .of g g a j s u b u s w t f M ootds of the worid, N« cuni the ^ " wSbcf rf hat •h» wet n> Urn Chlrf doja, Sdlj a ~ triumphant army, pervaded the whole wortd. . . . With the Church's triumph over the persecutions waged by the powers of this world, we may link her heritage of victory over all the heresies that assail her. And it is a singular feature of those efforts of error, that the more violent are the assaults, the greater is the brilliancy with which the gem of divine truth shines forth in the diadem of Holy Church. In the defence of the sacred deposit of the faith, the Church may truly be said to have been always on tne battlefield. Some heresies would openly assail the tenets of revealed truth. Others by sophistry and secret assaults would seek to undermine the Church's teaching. Agnostics and rationalists would persuade the world that the Kingdom of God on earth was out of date, and that the Church's mission had come to an end Every resource which human passion could devise would be availed of to heap' ridicule upon her teaching, and to stir up odium against her. As early as the days of Augustine, 200 Sects were reckoned that had sought to rob the Church of divine truth, or to engraft upon her teaching the fanciful tenets of their own pride and selfishness. Since those days, not a century had passed, but new heresies have arisen, using every art and stratagem to corrupt the Church's doctrine. In the face of all these foes, history presents her to us as relying on the heavenly mission confided to her and invincible in maintenance of truth through the |trength of her divine Founder. To each "-jetical communion that has arisen, she Idressed the same words with which •eon centuries ago the Christian ist rebuked the heretics of his : Who are you, whence have vou cptdejlet us see your title-deeds, who is it thjft has begotten youP Yon have oome tflo*1ate; there is only onp Church that can-lay claim .to the inheritance"of divine truth given by Christ to the ApostleB and consigned by them to her. The date of your origin is marked in the records of the Church's history. To the iniquity of the powers of this world, or to the pride and corruption of evil-designing men, you owe your birth: Like fhe other lieresieB that have gone before you, you are but a fruitless and withered branch, and like them it shall be your lot also to be lopped off from the living vine which is the one true Church. What shall I say of the angular heritage of blessings which the children of he Church enjoy in the Communion of aints. The countless choirs of Saints heaven, on earth, and in purgatory re united with us in the brotherhood f the Faith; they rejoice with us. they lead our cause, they pray for us. When he seer of old saw the Jewish tribes enamped on the valleys of Moab, he cried out in admiration and wonder: "How beautiful are thy tabernacles, O Jacob, and thy tents, O Israel! As wooded valleys, as watered gardens near the rivers s tabernacles which the Lord hath set as cedars by the water side" (Numb! x»v.). What would he have said, had it been given him to contemplate the amy of God which the Communion of Saints presents the Blessed Virgin, the Queen of the heavenly hosts, clothed with the sun as her mantle, and radiant with her crown of twelve stars, the Apostles the leaders of the nations whom they evangelised the array of martyrs exulting in their triumph, the countless choirs of saints who entone their canticles of eternal rejoicing, and associated with them the mynad faithful souls on earth who, m the fervour of their piety and the ari «? ur lov *r e > offer da J b r d *y to m0Bt ^ pleasing holotwLi virtuous lives. Thus it is that "Church H 1 . all , 11^ that "IF^. is holiest heritage in fie of present, Holy and all that was best and brightest and most glonous in the past, the virtues of the cloister, the austerities of the desert, the peace and perfection of domestic life all this forms part of the equipment of our merif . . n - • — ; i r 1 r . . . a n d 0f the rich store of blessf w . in the Communion •« f Sa»nts. » ere I not refer to the herit- ?«® ot wnefioence handed oA from age F® "8®,«»« f «»m generation to'generation V V laitUtUi SOtUSp The history of the Remiliar. mita.'^l " .. . meet \- * with .. this «y dit isbnchve feature of His "S. 8 ® 0 Him »infetering to the wants of those around Him the festering woundsT'alle^S »- O T < > M ^ r i e * of h^rn S His blessed messed words ever re-ocho of centuries: "CoWte ^ ^ ^ *ho labour and areheavy bur- P^e you. reet." T&oX; tne , Church .—~ He^pe^etaates — that marvel- _ ^jwtey of mercy. In every nation ^^l^. 1140 ® the 8r« evangKl f D ° " t o a l l e v i a t e tt^XL i^gj^®* 0 ®®?. ministeringanwda of T w^a^h unlifintiui^ P""^ over, each raooMnrs airt iiitMmKhTu this £eatur*of_tb».Church pf itielf sufficed to reveal the divine power ty which she was ^sustained: "I -am -kept in the Church/; he said, "by the -succession of Pastors who havfc come in an unbroken line line from from the the very very See See of Peter to the present hour." If suoh an argument was resistless in its force in the 5th century what shall we say of it at the present day, when Providence for nineteen centuries has extended to it a watchful care P In that unbroken line of Pastors we find the nameB of-80 Popes who, as martvrs, sealed with their blood their testimony to the Faith, and we find more than 30 others who, by the heroism of their virtues, won the bright aureola of the Saints. Well has an eloquent English historian exclaimed: "The proudest rovai houses are but of yesterday compared with the line of Supreme Pontiffs. That lino we trace back in an unbroken series from the Pope who crowned Napoleon in the nineteenth century to the Pope who crowned Pepin in the eighth, and far beyond the time of Pepin the august dynasty extends, till it is lost in the twilight of fable. The Republic of Venice came next in antiquity. But the Republic of Venice was modern when compared to the Papacy ; and the Republic of Venice is gone, and the Papacy remains. The Papacy remains not in decay, not a mere antique, but full of life and youthful vigour. The Catholic Church is still sending forth to the furthest ends of the world, missionaries as zealous as those who landed in Kent with Augustine, and still confronting hostile Kings with the same spirit with which she confronted Attiia. The number of her children is greater than in any former age. Nodo we Bee any. sign that indicates that the term of her long dominion is approaching. She saw the commencement of all the governments and of all the ecclesiastical .establishments that now exist in the world; and we feel no assurance that she is not destined to see the end of them all. She was great and respected before the Saxon set foot on Britain, before the Frank had passed the Rhine, when Grecian eloquence still flourished in Antioch, when idols were worshipped in the temple of Mecca. And she may still exist in undiminished vigour when some traveller from New Zealand shall, in the midst of a vast solitude, take his stand on a broken arch of London Bridge, and sketch the ruiiu of St, Paul's. The unbroFen succession of Chief Pastors enables us to realise, at least in an imperfect way, the ever-enduring life which quickens the Catholic Church, in all that is divine, like her heavenly Founder, "the same yesterday, and to-day and for evermore." Thus it is that the Church becomes a living authentic witness as to the mission and the teaching of our Blessed Lord. To those who would question her, she may truly say, I was present at Thabor and saw the Redeemer resplendent with glory, and heard the Father's testimony, this is My beloved Son in whom I am well pleased, hear ye Him; I was .present on the shores of Galilee, when at His command the tempest was hushed and the waves became still: I heard the words of nromise addressed to the chief of the Apostles, "On this rock I will build "My Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it;" and I was present when the promise received its fulfilment in the solemn commission, "Peed My lambB, feed My sheep;" I waB present when at the divine summons the dead Lazarus come forth from the tomb, and the cerecloths fell from his limbs, which were quickened into life: I was present the Saviour perfected the holocaust °f Redemption, and when He arose from the sepulchre radiant with the brightness eternal glory; and again, when prostrate m spirit with Adoring love, I received the ever-abiding commission, "Go forth and teach all nations, and behold I am with you all days even to the consummation of the world * Thus it is the Chutch'a privilege through her unchangever-enluring life to be an abiding witness of the ministry of mercy of 3 our Blessed Lord; Through the same ever enduring life justifies her title to Si t S A W a n d «TTT «u wmw is eooa ana true in human discovery and human genins and she purifies and perfects what- Hi- ^ J? fo 5® d and noblest, and moA beneficent in the world *toun<f her. science, Arts and poetry architecture, and philo&onhv; and literat^Ta^ ted progiW ^iS^Bo^! 6 " S® K o n s ^ S l ^ ^ l ^ ^ ^ / ^ her own Whatever t L K o f ^ u i " P«««8s In the world te Midrf*-^"^" tr o »*d w»d snatatoedbv W T tmeprogre«vS liS&LThii;^ . t , hut it is"God « »en, but He inv ffia work bv Ueir fta. 3 S oforHoly Hu «« «n slots tiie to God to-di|y'i» amwttypaand Ague of Holy Ctauwk, »ad for. agei to com* will be an abiding nemorialto your children's ehildren ot the heritage of bless* has* been ifarled an arcnitecturai gem our Australian continent, and I have no doubt that it has many claims to such a proud and distinctive designation. Tour fate pastor, whotoo soon for the love of his people was summoned to his reward, not only laid solid the foundations of the sacred edifice, Irat he saw the church itself arise in its fair proportions, and he lived to witness it almost completed in unrivalled stateliness. In jour pious desire that the material building would be worthy of the name it bears, worthy of the divine worship which will be offered within it, and worthy of your traditional generosity and heroio faith, you corresponded to his zeal with a devotednesB that merits every praise and cannot be too highly extolled. Another zealous pastor has oome to rejoice with you in your religious toil and to crown the work so courageously began, so nobly carried on. None other would your departed pastor have so wished to-be thus to bear rejoicing the ^olden sheaves of the harvest which he himself had so carework will happiness of him who now rejoiceB before God's throne, and will crown the joy of. the Pastor, whose privilege it is in your name to dedicate to the divine worship this beautiful House of God. May a peerless eternal rewifltt await one day the piety, the generosity, and the faith, which alone could have devised and acj»i6v«(c£ this grand triumph of religion, The new pulpit, from which ence delivered nis discourse, is dious, convenient, fend movable was manufactured by Messrs, Bros., of Swanston-street. As usual, when a dignitary of rank is present in the sanctuary, celebrant of the Mass does not give last blessing, "Benedicat vos," etc. Cardinal-Archbishop solemnly bestowed the Apostolic blessing—"Sit nomen Domini," eto. PRESENTATION OP AN ADDBESS TO TEE CARDINAL. Dr. O'Donnell, accompanied by the committee, entered the sanctuary, and read the following address: To His Eminence Patrick Francis Cardinal Moran. May it please Your Eminence, We, the priests and people of North and West Melbourne, respectfully desire to approach Your Eminence with an expression of our unflinching loyalty to the Holy See. We feel that the present occasion is one that will be memorable, not only in the history of this parish, but in the annals of the Church in Victoria. For nearly half a century the faithful have worshipped in a building which may have been suitable to the primitive requirements of the "fifties, but which, with the continual growth of these suburbs, decade after decade, became more and more unworthy of its object. With the advent of the Bev. Fr. Aylward, eleven yean ago, it was decided to build a parish church which would be in keeping with our numbers and religious ardour. That enthusiastic priest did not live to see its completion, but his name will ever be inseparably associated in our hearts with this great edifice. To-day, under the blessing of the Almighty, and by the united efforts of priests and people, we welcome the consummation of onr efforts in the solemn dedication to God under the invocation of St. Mary, Star of the Sea, of a church we are proud to say Your Eminence has pronounced to be "a genuine architectural gem.* There is another i circumstance that renders the occasion peculiarly auspicious, and altogether uniaue, and that is that Your Eminence snould have specially come from Sydney at the invitation of our beloved Archbishop to lend the dignity of your high office to the ceremony of opening our new church, and to inspire us with fresh efforts to render it free from debt. , We feel that God's grace has been singularly showered on us to-day, and we humbly and fervently pray that Your Eminence may long be roared to watch over the destinies of the Holy "Catholic Church in Australia. Signed, on behalf of the clergy, Matthew Carey, P.P.; and of the laify, Thos. Fogarty,J.P. In the oomse of his reply His Eminence said he desired to thank Fr. Carey and the good people of the parish for their very beautiful address. He wished to assure tfcem t⁢ it was a cause of great pleann td be associated with them in thegreat work of their the service in ontatatDtti of the be* been that cf God. H? waealwaysa their Qpe^ijy of howev or to dedicating church to Church so rich and BO worthy onder which it had to the worship aainre them that it . ware to visit South ; not, ^material buildings, jof oomme internal re the «n- •ndChrism tian enlightenment promoted by their Archbishop, and to learn lessons from the building up in this fair land of works of religion by him who had been constituted their Chief Pastor, aided by his tealous people. Their great leader, the Archbishop, was being assisted ill the work by a devoted body of workmen—the clergy. He (the Cardinal) could not but admire the devotedness with which the building of their beautiful church had been carried to such success as witnessed that day. He again thanked the priests and people of the parish for their beautiful address, and felt sure that blessings a hundred fold would attend on all who had helped to bring the work to completion. He rejoiced to witness the great faith of the people of the district which had inspired them to' erect so beautiful a memorial of religion—one that would remind their children for generations to come of the deep faith and piety of their forefathers. Mr. Bitter, artist, who had been entrusted with the work of illuminating the address, admirably succeeded in his effort to turn out a specimen of real artistic skill. The address was richly mounted in a morocco case. THE MUSIC. The first production of Herr de Chaneet's Mass iuliy realised the sanguine expectations formed regarding this masterpiece. As we gave a detailed description of the line work in our issue of January 27, it will not be necessary to say more here than to note the fact that all who heard the MasB are unanimous in their praise of its majestic conceptions, and forecast a brilliant career tor the composer. A word of praise is due orchestra of 30 professional perundfir the leadership of Mr. Henry This body splendidly backed the .lifts. The principals of the lat- Miss Minnie Waugh, MIBS ly, Miss Ida Cox, Miss Kitty Miss Fanny Williams (leader of ; Stgnor A. Bebottaro, Messrs. lutton and Vincent Cameron, 'de Chaneet presided at the ore musical director (Herr de Chaneet) had his forces completely in hand, and the advantage of careful rehearsals was markedly in evidence, not the slightest hitch occurring from the opening bar of the "Kyrie' to the final of the "Agnus During the collection "Infiammatus" (composed by the conductor) was rendered by Miss Minnie Waugh, with choir, organ and orchestra, and at the offertory, Herr de Chaneet's "Ave Maria" was sung by Miss Mary Conly (pupil of Madame Gabriella Boema), with organ, violin obligate and angelic chorus. Both masterful compositions were given with artistic taste and pathos. A feature of the "Sanctus'*was the employment (with striking power) of silver trumpets, the effect being very impressive. As the large congregation filed out of the beautiful church Handel's "Halleluia Chorus" was given by the full choir, organ and orchestra, Mr. Otto Linden relieving Herr de Chaneet for this finale of an admittedly brilliant musical triumph. THE COLLECTION. The members of the building committee went through the church and received the voluntary offerings of the faithful. According to the estimate of the Board of Health, no more than 1200 persons should be admitted to the building, and it was filled on Sunday; consequently, the collection, which, as announced by the me parisn parish priesi priest aiwr after tne the communion, Communion, amounted to £1209 9s. 6d., averaged more than £1 per head of the congregation—a response commensurate with the greatness of the occasion and worthy of the proverbial generosity of the priests and people of tne parish, "whose beautiful . ,, ennreh," .. as . observed ,, by the „ occupan ... • of the pulpit in the evening, "will serve as a model for future churches in Ausftralia." " AT VESPERS. St, Mary's presented an even more brilliant appearance at the evening service, under the powerful play of the electric light. There was a much larger congregation than in the morning. Solemn Vespers were sung by the Bev. G. A. Robinson, B.A. (St. Francis^* assisted by the Revs. P. Cremin and M. Hehir (West Melbourne), the Bev. D. English, of St. Mary's, acting as master of ceremonies. The newly formed vesper choir sang the chants and Benediction service in a highly satisfactory manner. They have been trained by Fr. Carey, who also acted as conductor on Sunday evening. There were several visiting priests in the Sacred Heart Chapel. The Very Bev. M. Maher, C.M. (Malvern), delivered an able sermon from these words of Holy Scripture: "How terrible is this plaoe. It is no other than the House of God and the Gate of Heaven." When Jacob, said the preacher, lay down to rest with a atone for his pillow, he saw a wonderful vision—a ladder reaching from earth to heaven. Mid angels descending and ascending. How much more could that be' said of die beautiful church in which they ware assembled. There were number* of fine buildings in their city and suburbs wtdM for various worldly purposes, but that fit which they were assembled had beta erected not tor an but fpr God. Therethe sacrameaia -.. ould be dispensed bytfce priest, andtk* olf SacrifiMCtltoUmd atsnd imQr . «, _ .*3 - 7 j-' « " 1 on the Altar. The preacher her* described in beauteous and elevated language the nature and necessity of sacrifice to God in atonement for sins. The Mass was the central point of our Holy Faith, and our Lord, not content with shedding His blood for man on Calvary, left a perpetual memorial of the Bedemption of the world in the Sacrifice of the Altar which iB offered throughout the world from the rising to the setting of the sun. The Mass satisfied the four duties we owed to God—adoration, thanksgiving, satisfaction and propitiation. The preacher, in treating of the effort made' by the reformers of i/he 16th century to destroy the idea of the sacrifice oi the Mass, quoted the warning of juuther, who declared that to aeny the reality of the Mass was to deny the very foundation of Christianity itself. Men outside the Catholic Church were now claiming to have tne Blessed Eucharist and a priesthood. But it had been shown conclusively that they had not the real Presence, and that not having valid orders, they were no more spiritual than policemen. Speaking of the present war in South Africa, Fr. Maher remarked that the Irish people had suffered much greater persecution on account of their religion than that alleged to have been inflicted by the Boers, i he rev. gentleman warned his hearers of the dangers that beset the Faith in this country. An auti-Ualholic atmosphere, and an anxiety to stand well with the upper classes of society, were, he said, tne causes of losses to the Faith. But there was great hope for the future of the Church in this land when we viewed such noble edifices of religion as the one in which such a fine congregation was assembled that evening. Fr. Maher* concluded with an earnest appeal on behalf of the building fund. \ 1SITED BY THE £01AL VICTORIAN iissm uTi; OF ARCHITECTS. On Friday afternoon, 16th inst., at the invitation of Mr. P. A. Kennedy, the members of the Royal Victorian Institute of Architects paid a visit of inspection to the church. The visitors were received by the Very kev. M. Carey, P.P., Air. Kennedy and the members of the building committee. It must be gratiiying to all concerned that the visitors were unanimous in their • praise of the ijuaaing, characterising it as an architectural triumpb. A pleasing ceremony took place afteV the inspection—the formal handing over of the handsome memorial window to the late Dr. S. Burke, of W est Melbourne, to the parish priest (Very Rev. M. Carey). Dr. O'Donnell, in making the presentation, felt that he voiced the opinion ot the subscribers in saying that the memorial to the late Dr. Burke had taken a most appropriate form. The window placed in position to commemorate his good deeds was the most beautiful of all the stained glass windows in their fine parish church. He would ask Fr. Carey, as their parish" priest, to accept the gift for the church from the subscribers. Fr. Carey, on behalf of the priests and people of St. Mary's, had very great pleasure in accepting this very beautiful gift to the new church. He had known the late Dr. Burke for a quarter of a century, when he (Fr. Carey) was in charge of the parish of St. Mary's. The late Dr. Burke had proved himself to be a lover of humanity, a father to the poor and afflicted, and generoufe to a degree on all occasions. It was especially gratifying to see that gentlemen of various denominations had waived their religious preferences in accepting the present form J,f of perpetuating the the cherished cherished memory memory of a genuine benefactor of his fellow man. Nothing could have been selected more in consonance with the. life work of the late Dr. Burke than the fine memorial window presented by the subscribers, which would stand as a striking and pertual rem{ nder to all who visited St. fo ary> 8 o{ the noble character'of the man whose memory it was intended to coinmemorate. As a work of art the window wa9 a credit to the designer, Mr. Hyndmann. The subject of the window is "Christ Healing the Sick." The characterisation and general treatment reflects credit on the firm of Mayer and Co., of Munich and London. "Die window is placed on the eastern side of the Ladye Chapel, and bears the following inscription: "This window was erected by townspeople in memory of Stephen John Burke,M.R.C.S., Eng. Died Nov. 24, 1898." It was intended by the committee of the Burke memorial fund to have a public presentation of the gift, but the function on Sunday rendered that course impracticable. The subscribers are asked to accept this explanation. A handsome sum was subscribed for the memorial. A monument has been erected over the remains of Dr. Burke in the Melbourne General Cemetery by Messrs. Jageurs and Son, £80 expended on the window under notice, and £70 handed over to the widow of tie deceased gentleman. It may here be mentioned that two other very fine stained glass windows have been placed in the sanctuary—the subjects being the "Nativity of Onr Lord" and the "Assumption of the Blessed Virgin." They oocupy the eastern and western lights respectively. These windows, which ace beaatiful works of art, are from the firm of Messrs. HanUmsn and Co., Birmingham ; ttd London. At the' bead and foot r»- pectivejy «{ the aestam window an three inscriptions in German text; "Gloria in excslsis Deo, at in terra pax hominiburf;" "Exortum est in tenebris lumen rectis corde." The western light has— "Kxaltata est Sancta Dei Genetrix." The circular windowing in the transepts and over the main entrance doors have been carried out by Mr. W. Montgomery, stained glass artist, of Melbourne, and are good examples of hiB art. Subsequently, at the invitation of Mr. Philip A. Kennedy, the visitors adjourned for refreshments. The president of the Boyal Victorian Institute of Architects (Mr. Lloyd 'l'ayler), in the course of a highly eulogistic speech, said tnat the design ot the cliurcn which they had had the pleasure of inspecting that day was a most ambitious one, and he desired to congratulate not omy the Catholic body, but also the architect who had designed it. (Applause.) it was highly gratifying to an concerned that the worn had been brought to such a successful issue. It was not often that so large a number of his professional brethren were afforded the opportunity of inspecting such first class work. (Applause.) The Catholic body was particularly fortunate in its church buuaings. Finer sights than that of St. Patricks Cathedral and the present church .t would be impossible to find. (Applause.) In tuis matter the Catholic afl'orucd n lesson co the Anglican body. The churches of the former could not be surpassed for position, character of work, and as examples of ecclesiastical art. (Applause.) at. Mary's would rank next to at. Patrick's Cathedral. The skill of the designer of the new church was nnquestioi »ole, and Mr. Kenned; deserved much cndii for the part he had had in completing the building. (Applause.) He (J±r. 'lazier) had very gieat pleasure in anuug the company co drink the health of Mr. Kenneuy. The toast was enthusiastically received with musical honours. Fr. Carey said that as he was now the responsible agent of St. Mary s, he would like to express the regret of the clergy and people ot the parish that there was not at tlie lieaa ot St. Mary's the good priest who had been identified with the buiiamg from its foundation. He was fiigniv gratihed at the references made to the work of the Catholic body, and desired to thank Mr. Tayler for tne kind remarks. (Applause.) ir. Carey concluded with a wool of praise to Mr. Aenueay and the building committee of St. Mary's, who, he declared, made his work light by their energy, activity and skill. (Applause.) Mr. Kennedy, who was very cordially received, expressed his grateful tlianks tor cue kiuu manner in winch the toast of Uis heatch had been received by the company. He was especially gratmed to hear Mr. Tayler's high opinion of the church. (Applause.) As tliey all kuew, the design was not his (Mr. Kennedy's), but Mr. Henderson's, who had left "the colony some years ago. To Fr. Carey he was very thankiul for his kind remarks in regard to the part he had had in the completion of the cliuich. (Applause.) Mr. Tolhurst proposed the memory of the late Rev. fr. Aylward, to which Messrs. Wood and Jageurs responded, ino toast was honoured in silence, alter which tne company separated. It may be observed that as the work of completing the church progressed, Mr. Keuueuy saw many opportunities for improving the hrac design. These that gentleman made full use of, and the roofing, interior, and decorative arrangements are l'rum his designs. The seats of the church are framed in nicely polished black wood, with biackwood tracery, and a simple invention of Mr. W ood, the secretary of the building fund, has overcome the uiihculty of finding a place for your hat. jLpu merely place it on a small be it belltopper, boxer imediately earned beneath t, clear of the floor, and __ jks of being knelt upon. 'he$sauctiiary\iamp was presented by and^Mrs.sM.iMahony, and imported Messrs. JJeaia Bros., the t'o]f jewellers and irnpor- ^eduisites, Bourke-street, pape hexagon, of very mdoubtediy one o. ae handsi ^ ie colony, and materially "ecclesiastical beauty of the sanctuary. This firm also renewed all the brass ornaments, etc., of the sanctuary. Tli<! High Altar was designed by Mr. P. A.. Kennedy, and decorated bv Mr. Hansen. The well-known firm of Messrs. D. J. Tuoniy and Co., of Gturner's-lane. Collinsstreet, notify in our columns that they have in stock a supply of the favourable brand of whisky known as the "Beal Mackay." There has been a considerable demand of late for this whisky, which connoisseurs have pronounced to be of exceptionally fine flavour. Messrs. D. J. Tuomy and Co. are the sole agents in Victoria for this particular Brand of whibky. Mr. P. Hailett, the well-known monuments mason, of 140 Wellington-parade, East Melbourne, has on hand a large atock of monuments of very chaste (MH igns, which aye well worth inspection. ' Influenza cured BY TT>« UBC ot MMTUftniihl'i ^'ii?^ fcot U *' l * e P° t . 284 