A Horrible Fright. I don't thick I am at all nervous, and therefore, when i say i aui aboul to describe two hours of absolute agony I hone my readers will believe that the circumstances were at the best ex ceptional, and will still give me credit for being at least as brave as most girl of my age. I have always despised so- called nerves. When a child I quite loved to sleep in the dark. At school I was the prime mover in ghost stories, and I remember now that some of nty practical jokes verged strangely upon the unkind aud even dangerous. I have been educated quite up to modern ideas. It is only a year since I left Girton, and I am now comfortably es tablished at home with father -and mother. I am the only daughter, and am between 23 and 21 years of age. We live in a large place shout an hour's ride by rail from Loudon. I have my own spscial horse, and a little- pony carriage besides for my exclusive use. I also have my study or boudoir, and can order what books I please for my own benefit, not oniy from Mudie, . hut from the local booksellers. I am passionately fond of music, and can play two or three instruments. J think I can say, without any false piride, that my performances on the violin are rather better than those of most amateurs. I am also great at ail kinds of outdoor sports and games. I am the champion player of the tennis club to which I belong, and 1 am at the present time successfully getting up a lady's golf club. In short, I think I may truly say of myself that I represent the average, up-to-date, : well- educated, rather strong-minded nineteenth-century girl. Now, I must tell about my fright. You can imagine that it must have been something special to put me into such a state of terror that 1 cannot think of it even now without shud dering. I received an invitation late last autumn to go and see my grandfather, who lives in Dublin. My mother did not particularly wish me to go. I really think mothers must have pre monitions, for there was no apparent reason for my not taking such a simple and easily-accomplished journey. I had been abroad a good deal, and bad had adventures more thau one ; so, when my mother fretted herself about my going from London to Dublin, via Holyhead, I could not help laughing at her. " If you must travel alouc, Virginia," she said, " had you not better travel by day ?" " Oh, nonsense, nonsense," I said " I hate travelling hy day, particularly by a route I already know. Besides, it is such a waste of time. At night one can sleep and travel togetelier. Oh, say no more about it dear good mother. I'll take the night inaii from Euston, this evening, and have break fast with grandfather in the morning." My mother made no more remon strances, but I heard her sighing in the most aggravating style, and I knew she was murmuring to herself about my beadstrongness and how I would never listen to reason. Nothing makes me so obstinate as those muttered remonstrances of my relatives. Are they afraid of ine, that they don't speak out ? I am always amenable to reason, but when people mutter over me, then I become simply mulish. I adore my dear mother, but . . even for lier. I cannot be expected to \- muttering that It is "Just like Vir ginia." My things were packed, and I started off in good iiuie to catch the night mail at Euston. " You had better go in one of the ladies' carriages," said my father. I quite gasped in horror when he made this audacious proposal. " Now, do you suppose I am likely to do anything quite so old-maidish ?" I replied. " No, I have fixed on the exact corner where I shall suooze away from Euston to Holyhead." I led my father, as I spoke, to a carriage where two old gentlemen had already comfortably established themselves. They had spread out their rugs, and taken complete possession of the cor ners which were out of the draught. I was oblivious to draughts, and chose my corner opposite the old gentleman who was nearest the entrance door. My father supplied me with three or four eveniug papers. I had an uncut novel in my bag, and a little reading lamp, which I could fasten to the window ledge. Two or three moments later I said farewell to my father, and the great express — the Wild Irish Girl — had steamed in great style out of the station. I like the feeling of being whirled through space in an express train going at the top of its speed. I looked at the evening papers. Their contents did not speeiahy interest me. I then gazed at my opposite neighbour. He was veiy stout and vety led. He tucked Ins travelling rug tightly abont him, and before we had passed "Willes- den was fa<t asleep. He made a dis tressing noise with his load snores, and I thought him -..decide lly irrilaiiag: For a moment or two I almost re gretted that I liad net gone into an empty ladies' carriage. The olher old gentleman .was scarcely a more agree able travelling companion. He had a neisy cough, and a bad co'd. He . blew Ins nose, and he coughed about every two minutes, and then he looked around him to see if there were aay possible draughts. He not only shat his own window bat the ventilator above as well, and then he glared at the ventilator above as well which be longed to the snoring old gentleman aud me. I made up mv mind that the ventilator should only be shut over my fallen body. The express went on its way with out let or hindrance. Now and then it swayed from side lo side, as if iis own great speed were making it giddy ; then again it steadied itself, and rushid aud rushed on and on with a rhythmic sort of motion, which was infinitely soothing, and caused me to forget my two uninteresting companions, and to sins graauany into tueiauuot dreams:- I was awakened presently from quite ' a sound nap by the slowing of the train. It was coming into a gre it station which I found was Chester. = JSHskdjaggjiassed Cqjlwfl- whilst -I.: .was aslerTdy"Two eomtanions wire" now all alive aud brisk.' They were fastening up their rags and foldiug their papers and I saw that they in tended to leave the train. " If you are going on to Holyhead, ' said the snoring one to me, " you have ten minutes to wait hero — quite lime to get a cup of tea, if you wont one." 1 thanked him and thought that I would carry his suggeclion into effect. A cup of tea would be perfect, and would set me up for the remainder of my journey. I accordingly stepped on to the platform and went over the bridge to the great waiting-rooms, which presented at this lima a gay scene of eager, hungry-, fussy men and women sitting at tables, and standing at counters, each and all of them eat ing and drinking for bare iif I ordered my tea. drank it standing it the counter, paid for it, and also for a buu, which 1. carried away with me in a paper bag, and returned io my carriage. I saw a heap of rugs and a large black bag deposited in- the corner away from mine, and wondered with a faint passing curiosity who ray- new companion was likely to be. The guard came up at this moment to see if I were ccmfoL-tabie. He said that we would not slop again until we reached Holyhead, aud asked me if 1 wanted for anything. I said " No." " Perhaps you'd like me to lock tl:e carriage door, miss ?" he said. " Tie train is not too full to-night, aud I can manage it." I laughed and pointed lo the rugs aud bag in the opposite corner. " . Somebody has already taken pos- " But if you wish, miss, I'll put those things in another carriage," said the guard. " No, no," I replied, " I don't mind company." Just then my fellow- companion put in an appsarante. He was a big man wrapped up. in a great u's :ev, and with a muffler round his throat and mouth The guard looked at him, 1 thought, a little suspiciously. This made me angry. I have no patience with those squeamish girls who think every man who sees them must offer them either admiration or insult. I looked very eheerful, made way for the traveller to take liis seat, and smiied and thanked the guard. A moment later tbe train started on its way. We had just got well outside the station, when the gentleman in the ulster aud muffler carefully unwound the latter appendage from his mouth and throat. He folded it up neatly, and put it into his black bag. After wards he took off his ulster. I now saw that be was a fairly good- looking man of about c-ight-and-tweuty. He wore a full moustache of raven hue! aud a short beard. He had very blacl: and piercing eyes. When I looked at him I discovered that he " Now, are you getting nervous, Virginia, or are you not?" I mur mured to myself. " Why may not a man look at a girl when he pleases ? There is an old proverb that a cat may look at a king. Let me suppose, therefore, that the man opposite is a well-grown and presentable cat-, and that 1 am his Majesty the king. The cat may stare as long as he pleases. The king will not disturb himself." Accordingly I prepared to light my reading lamp, as I knew that I could not possibly fall asleep under the gaze of those watchful, dark eyes. (7h be Continual.) 