STJBGrlCAIi AMD MEDICAL. BY RUDYARD KIDLING Crich, the orderly, sat on a camp-stool charing Parker, .who lay suspiciously quiet. Parker (had come from Queensland, ?via New Jersey, lamsJng omner cities, amd the registered voters of Colesberg tod shot fhirn across the spine below the shoulders. 'My Stomach's a 'trifle out tof order,' said Parker, cheerily.. They can't get it to work. Except- for iSiat, I don't feel (there's anyiMng wrong witfli me.' Crich looked ait me. to signify it ?would te hatter for Parker if be had a ISttle more feeling. 'We're com in' on beautifully, aJn'A we?' sa5d Crich, ajnd Parker nodded. 'I'm tfli© Hast o; four all spinal cases-all to this >fceafc, Kjoo!' said Parker. "I've seen 'em all go, and hero am I hanging on by my finger-nails TSey a.'3 went,, didnnt they?' *Yes,\ said Cridhj lijs braces round his Mps; 'an? they all called for mfi 'fore Hhey ?vrrfnt. 'Member Tommy?' Parker smiled. Sir Philip Sydney en-iled very much in the fashion. 'Oh,' yes. I 'was on special allowa-nce of brandy, but Tommy, to always looked for a li'itle of mine in his lennmade.' Couldn't speak smdh, biit he used to roll his eyes to my lied. Tommy liked Ms tot o' brandy amid lemonade.. When did .lie go, Orich?' 'Yes'day afternoon. Ycu was aiSU'cp, Parker. He said, 'Crich. old man, where are ytcvu?' he said. 'Right here, in front o' you,' I sayg, and I went to 'ina,, 'cause I knew what was coming. 'I can't pee you, Crich,' 3m says. Then I laid 'old of his arias in my tfswo fande. 1 'That'p betesr,' he says, :I can't see you, I cjui feel ycu. he says. "Don't let grc, Crich.' fiie says, and in a. minute or 'two he wias oft as quiet as auiythiiig. You was asleep, Barker. Oh, yes, they all asked tor old Cridh. t» take ?oid of w>-en they went off., Parker's ,gom' to best the lot of 'em.' ThiB to me. Last o' foui- spinal cases he is, and he's gain' to Nettley, an? he'll be aJl rigflit 3n a few weeks. 'Ave some more tamatas, Par ser? 1 1 The gfaait turned Ms head and I raised an arm. HE could not quite reach the tomajioes- Cric3i stepped ac ross tihe tent, lavishly douched lie cut fiuift with oil and vinegar, mid exMbi Ifaed Parker im i£be act of eating. Than. Parker fialked real "estate spee ula"tioms in Orange, New Jersey, and fttock-riding in Queensland; Crich sap plying an ever-appreciatttve dhorus. I watched tilie -superbly-built body, so all «aiive to fciia chest line, so all dead below, and it seemed to me unfair iflliat nervous amdery -tij malae Cape CoOony a littie haven, of peace' had led a neutral Gev ernmenif to postpone ffiie Grf&Biairy; pre parati cciis for war till the Colesberg reb-, ids (all regfistered voters, remember) could convenaenrtlly mangle Parker's I spinal-cord. I laid it upon Crich, the hairv-chested and adequate, tihat Par- i ker must mot die. and Cricfli hopefully hopeless said, out of. Plarker's bearing, itihoit he would do hits damnedest. Tfhat was some weeks ago. I have seen Parker twice or thrice since, butt to- day <Ms bed is empty. He shas best- : od rhe registered voter of Colesberg, all I (jh« youag doctors who prophesied deauti.' I and Crich, who couldn't see amy other i way ouit of it. I He has gone home in a steamer to Ne'loy wiffii the Chance of living, lialf dead^ ior a year of two. and the ghost of a"~idlianc3 that hie may paniSally re cover.. . This is a load off my mind. For some latesurb reason Parker was my war-fetish. He held on. through tfiie black days ere liadysmatfli was relieved; j be "iitsard of Croujje'^ surrender; and now. | at Madeira., he will learn thait Bloein fontcin is his and .Ours. The war goes better; wMi Parker and Bobbsfontein ti;spcsed of we can at tend to the hospitals. Dix.eiiss. iilie (ligfcir-niou^racliied sergeant-major of a . horse-fcaititiery, has gone away; but not | before due saved fiSie livus of three or i four depressed and iiMrbid, by his clie-er j fiiSlni'SS «md his yarns. | Bkuudss has sis-and-tweaty years' | service. H*e refused his majority 11 year.? ag>>, because it was not in lii- be loved tannery, and he is cas eaelyeopae din of miitisary knowledge-ike upoflic-a: brand. I heard *him tell bis :ieut 1 fiaentially thlait if ho hiad known, wbut ! -sort of a s5Hy sort of war Itii'is "".vair wai~ steiisig to -turn cut. he would iiiare i«tsr» u oaihis laurels early to October. | He caught,something ait W££er$fcm ifce'n, wbidi bas kept him In bed for a ; Sew Tre'r1:- but jiow %e is at tIi:- :: i arain. , He was more or less "n cl;a ?*? i of rtftiie "horse barttery wtoich. ouir of ' poTjtvness. ifabood still to -take .tilai' B;i?i ? fire T.i.'fn our naval gun on th«' Vfi, ii"d I nor 5'1 fh" flag of trtsce, wien,i on ])i!r^ and brought down a fresfo Botr fuv" ladf. i Said Dinnias-"Of course, we sa' I tighrt: to -liow St was a mistake, but ] Shells were making our harass skittish, ec I eaSd: #K?sid a driver tv ihvw head=. Tibey ne a little shy.. I looked round, an there weimt any drivers.' D'you fcaow what tfhey were doing? Qliajsiii' f rats round a bush! Yifss! Bat hmntin* ander: fire.. On my worrnd, I dou'it be lieve drlvie-rs have sowls. No, nojb one!' f 'Where they cockney® by any chance ; r'tonissr I asked. t oiay gay so. We come from St. Jonas Wood, Londiocti, N.! J The tent and itae orderlies grSeved when Dinnias left, for he had great au itorfty. and most persuasive tact. Mow Derby, of the Inniskii lings, (had no au t -m^rity. He lived on Mis (tongue and hi? skill in o main inking orderlies. Derby gut lit badly to the leg, and hopped like a wckrobin in scmriet flanwei between the tents. He was marked for Eing land and iitue day before he efailed all Ronnehoect! was too small tor his tiaais t>UTS. . A visitor came wSfiili pipes and tobac : 00 &>"? «*» men, and Derby Steered him ^wawfc a convalescent. 'D'you wanit | flo bny a pipe?' sjaid Derby, with a ser ^ *aoe" TWreonly three-pence and the baocy*s oaae an' three-pence a jftfiiek. Iit« dirt che&p.;' TDieconvales- . ^ stock, and demanded wgarettoas. I'm sorry,' said Derby, "but 1; we re sola out of cigarettes. if you'll I fLve y^wder, may be (Ms man wffi-' I .^f n ^convalescent tumbled to the 1JS5 a°^ ei by 013/1 ,to ran for it all be fn*1 There should be Kvely 41HWB «a Derby's boat home, but HJLTe kSndest of souls to an. invalid, i iuie twins are -not on their feet yat. 1 I«ey aue bom Australians, bolah have broken less, they lie side by side, tSieir < legs in slings, and Kane loyiaMy caps the ' yam- A few days back ; fcuk turned on whait Mack fellows could J flo wciui a boomerang. j A Fusil.er cutf, and tarsi ibtj nSeces with ' I i J^-re' a Sth Laneer' and a West ' Yorkshire man told the twins no draw it ' I raild. Sticks could not twist and tun* I m raL?"3y- was absurb as tlhe "word WooLIoomooloo©. Entered then i I from amcttiher teem comvajesceat BOB ' of Mamtoba, hit down at Slinger's or Arundei. Rae said he did mot understand botan ea a^s, baft things could be made to curve in afce air, for all the 9th Lancer said. IV»r instance there was a game called baseball. Bae illusteafbed with his so?md arm (how a pibdber -sends Sil a curved ball, and the twins, applauding' wdcomed him as am ally. Tlhiey hlad a file of Australian papers with pictures of boomerangs; would the 9 th Lancer ^tthem out from rhe shelf, and stihcy would explain ? J a *3°' YEder tIie PWcs planted in Sooth Africa by men from the north, Welsh men, "tyke. Cockney, and Canadian beat tsheir heads over a Melbourne weekly wide a Queenslander read the Ipfcter jpress. Johnson, of a Highland regim&at-;<he looked very like Alan Breck-had tried to stop a shell splinter wMfa. his sbom aco. and .it cost ih-im edgh't weeks lagony Jhe first time we met tie walked ciab fa^hnon. his bios eyes alight with paim. ° Heaven, and bear witness, o ^.arth, tlKtC 'there was no more Soufih, Afnra for Johnson and -his stomach.! A rornu^rht to'ter we sat ia tike sun a wh snerfng Guardsman, half of whose' larynx cad been* put out of commission by a down-dropping bullet. But Jrfhnsoa was a .changed man,. He j had developed a scheme, and explained i it ais^ Qje sat grasping th5s ankles and ! rookiag .to and fro. Tbiey were going to send 9iim tt* Green Roint wMt other convalescents. The odd* were they would sead him home, amdithey did not | suit Johnsons revised book. Tm. a saddler by trade. -Phey'll not mfiss the Ekeo of me wflnen fth^y are repairing eol ^ ru »» sent pome tbill tihe war fe over-if I can help T °^y Heed a collar-maker. Then ril be able to get back again.' He went ofE tto<draw his kit, walk ing corklly, and the Guardsman1 whis pered Ihusky conenatmUtilHrtnig But there is o Spring in M'OonausllL, .sergeant of another Highland reg5mmt -^lung but sour disgust., He got it to the hand round Baard^eig a rending bullet, rtflnait has marked f»m j for EngBand. And there is wbat is left *>t his company to mnlsider, and itihere is his nnplafid debt to 'the Boer, drawing ! interest every day, aad Where is his Hgjhrfj j hand tferobbfng and aching 3n She night I watches. His chief rnibereist is tths dafily paper and the lisfc of the Boer dead He lies an his corner, smoking, brooding 1 0|Q|q a. T Bat bis iigmd-Ms rigfht toand. with the ! iron-hiard . forearm-is useless. He al- i wiays comes back to «iait. ^ fTm him lies Carter, who ! w^t down it ll by reason of a fractured j iMMgli and some fever. j | Then, he got hednsore®-.two, he told ' 'llh'ei1 gf>tiMm an air-mat- j <Gai*er came near to losing Oiis : tilG &ory; th,e wai-d ^ ^ee?d- a" graceless Cockay Highlander bucked (him up, precisely as Dinniss i micted up the man shot through the ! j Anyhow, Caitter is ispared, whicBi is ' a i?:gn of grace, and Uirey have taken mm out for -a small walk 5n a wheeled ? ,/®e kep' asMair all tifiie way up . was ,<i0° heavy, saSd one of i Vapner & steeds-a convalescent with a 1 hecid-wbund. 'Well, you pee. it's volun- : tary, not compulsory, lakin' towvales ,0UtrVay*" Cart<ir- lather tremu lous abou moutlh.. : ^on dcta't weigh miore'n a i=Jait now.* 13, .( answer, and ihc-n. i;h» v^ ic-e toue'li ed wi*;h btawi iful .tentleiaeai Hid veliko it, 'Arry?' . * - . ^ PJd lit;- ®t? After ithree moatiM? 3 iias SCi='ii trees and .swisili.m.e. aij<j f.h '.me big sky above h:m. He picked up the good dirt of tfiie ctinh a,ad l it it run I through his fingers. Now he is goln? Co sleep. 3 fit a liHie Wij'ilf Myltun will be fit to He ds.tiils fro!,i Sr. Jehn ^3 Brunswick-the old city of many S -S over again;-.11: le rach g Parody The iswaJt of iTm> Wynbn-g pintMH^Jes makes hun c-me jt'.ly of hornevU-k Pror.dence sende to his bcrtsirl,' \»ne ^.1k> knows Wis ci'ry. and S'n^t In and euburb by suburb, 'from Ca> or in \- he Forum to Mars without -She wntj1' fwm «he fmgmmt hmib r-mf!!x tx Lc: Tjomond-Myltom goes over it ail TO joicmg. Yes. 'he "kraows, moreover. Dalliouisii: G;,«pe. and all Ba5e Cba' nr. ard ho-, lie longs 'to see them! Two yards away a Toriisbire Res-r poicfe out a man who h fa^h*»nSnj' Rnrt)s and won' under Heaven there is i»n«- like , ford. He is married n ifc four crt;,;-.-t 1 ;:nd a damaged eflw.^er; but a!i be well when he to Bradford, - is l' steamer.' ILascelles, Tasmsnias Monufced In-1 famH-ry, hold guto (artSier views. He has come through mucfii KJagli anfl tumble . 'work, ending witih abscess of the liver. . That renewed, tihey (have pi# Mm »» iiglit duty at MaitiaQd Cainp till is fit to sit a Horse. His eyes are sunk and heavy, but lie sees. far. He is KSie son of a Hohoaft fruSt-grower. WhaM] about fruit-growing Mi country? Is himself on apple man, but under stands peadbies aud plum*. Ha noticed while an 'hospital -thait many apples sen'fc tto eanvaleseemfts -were fall of oodKn grul., which he considers for more ser ious than Bocis. Wha± cLbouit red scale aud o'tiker fruit pases? fu Tasmania tLI? wood for freight rates? In Tasmania the wood for an apple coats ttoeepenoe hailf-penny. and tflje compleijid artel? less tvau fiv. pence. On ite otheriha: 4 SouftSi Atrica; is nearer London fflhan Hobart. Las- ' eelles works out the sum. in hSf? head, and emerges to say that he has dug i many samples of soil round Kimberley: ' bias also looked over many fa.rmg uj> courtry as he rode 'ffliro-ugSi ttflsem. I>ascellcs thinks ithat-Tasmania be ing; a small place-a young man migSit do worse thai settle here and grow up in a new eouniiy, eh? It is represented )to I/iscellas tibat he is the kind of nwn we need badly. Tee,., Mr. L/asaelles. tHiis is rtie one laaul for trthc new man of colonial experience-for open>-air men used to larpe spacer end plain liv- ; Hang-thousands of them. Here is every I thing-horses, caiCtle, wool, and fruit. j Do you know any mane young men of , tihe same views-Manitoba ranchers,' New Zealand sheep men. fruit- growers , of fflie south? If so. bring them along, and we will make such a country as tSie world lias i never earn, Lcasrelles admits tOia't hf flias talked to several friends about the wisdom of settling here after 'the war. They Mi ink well of it. In20 mirutts I have pigged the hon our of the Empire tc tlie hilt on behalf of TJa<?c3Uei5 and Co. If they mean bus iness everything shall he made easy for thc!r first start. I will lend them mon- , ey on mortgtage Cat leaeft, you wfilS, and 3 we shall get 4 pw cett). I will slap ' down railways along Whe vailAeys, where the fruit grows, so that no farm need 'haul her dried prune? more five miles to flihe rail. (TthSs is mot so mad as it sounds, ,for sucUi valleys are few.) I will arramge low freighfas, if I have to go down on. my knees to a German eMppfing firm... I wiM break the Caveat Garden fruit-ring im flinders. I will e»ect cold-storage warehouses by the 1 acre, and chilled fruilt-cais at 40dieg. usiiorm sliiall be as common as cattle trucks on our lines. I will develop un der the care of hialf-a-dozen canal ? officers from India such a sdheme of Sr- 1 ligcdioni {it. will not codt more ithan tiir^e millions to begin with) as «han ijeat the Bare. Doab, Colorado, and the Queensland colonies combined. Mr. Ijaiscelles accepts everything calmy. He is young and has the davSne faith. 'In twensty years' time!' he says, amd his eye, wiltfli a budding style on it. gltows. 'A!h, but it's all a. gamble,' I make Ihtas&e; to qualify. 'One has to take one's chances.' 1T1 take 'em,, says Mr. Laseelles;' and, wOjen yon come to ^iitnir of it, a man who liae been risking Ms life tor a few weeks 5s not going to be deterred by the praspedt of one fruit farm or half a dlozesttj for tSilaJb majfiber, failing on Ms %ands. Meantime, wHl yon please take notes of fiew echemcs I Iblave committed yon to? Bedauae in five1 years you will be tending money on ithem,. a nd they wfill pay more money lianam ffcrappy gold reefs or South American Itpamways. The -teats are fuH of boys wttio, with a litfle steerSng, would settle here. Nixon of Vancouver, for intafan^ <js in reaJ es tiaibe and life "imsuramee when (he is a® (home. He was <also in ttiue caaaadiian rush on the Paardeberg laager. Being a yontfli of cheerful speculaltive ifiam j peramenjt, he would be shrewd enough I to pronounce on. tilie dhamoes of a, new | country, if iany iotne brougSvt him tfiie ; facte amd figures*-and ifchc fancies, i As it is, (he Mes in befl with a/ bulleit , -i3m>ug3i Ms leg, and. thinks abou't a Van couver girt. CollifB, alsgo Western man, J in real legate, would be another splen j did recruit. He shed his blood for tOie , | couaibry wiifli a vengeamce. (the bullet merely missing an aittiery.. He would fertay in tflie comifcry 5f propenty approach j ed. -He is Bin/fully"j>roud of the fact j fflialt of -eight hundred and fifty Cama ! diatus engaged in tfiis hueiness not more I than four hundred amd sbdty are ait ttthSs ' j daue available. And they were not J cut down by sickoess nor cut off by i patrols. j We may assume, Kihera. thait among j tihe hospiiaaLs lie tfliree hundred Cana j dQan& of the veiy sfhamp and breed wet : require-young, sounid, clean, intelli gent. well-educated, of whom seventy fire per cenit. ihiold or <hiave lield liand. ; Three 'hundred possible heads of sane j '. and soaped faroiMes. Amd not a n<an ao 1 I Khow them maps aflid photws and plans, to develop schemes to lure (them to stav in South Africa. We shall let all thesi> beautiful men .and hundreds and hun dreds more, go back to fflaeir own place ! and never lift a fingier to stay them, j Truly we <are the most wasteful as we are the most idle Eaitiom under hpaven! Derby and DLntaass. and Crich, and Neeld and JohTis,o*i and the young . postman alt Crieff, and any own postman ( off Roitingdon (ilie 5s tliere 'in a bearer company) and the main fctunt arivos Jiilie big brewery waggon at New,haven (The ' 1 is here in ithe Black Watch and wais hilt inft MagT?r?fratein), musi go heme when t<hr war i? eadtd. Eltsdirgi and uianKg : go -wrPtfli <them. j T^]i!sy ail are eitiier Reserve men, j tihoir plaep^ waflnng for Hhem or !«en of .the regular lino -without a trade. But | we need MvITOU when he gets better, : ar.d Nison. and Oolli?^, and Ijaeeeiles.'i land the Twins, and a few thousand; : more of their kidney to' stay and in- 5 ; hermit. " I ; For the land is good land. It flia?i j be^n -wilfully and wickedlv stiirved-* starved liv policy and craft through;' i many yenrs lest an incompetent ra.-e .. Should be found out' before M*e Cace of : the nations. ' X*7ho beat the Englishmen at cricket? ' Who taught them how to play? i Who played the deuce with every wic i ket? ! Australia load? the way. j j What plays the deuce with cough or ) cold? j j What makes consumptives fewer? j flh! whait is "a-orth i;sore than gold? i j^Woodfi' Great Peppermint Cure.* 1 