8HORT-STOB¥- ? TJie Maries Tripped the ; lady;. J- 'ffullo! What 4o I seeP Two bojH groping in the mud'— playing marbles in . , the roadP Not my boys, surely P Not after the' lecture I read them yesterday upon the danger— to pedestrians— of street .' marble playing P And yet!— No! . . . Yes ! I feel positive,they ara a couple of , my eeuoiars. jjoniel Shawley and Harry Tuft 1— and bo abso-bed in the game that ? they are unconscious of my near prox mity. * Now, what's to be done P' queried the' master of the Voluntary School. '?? Inclina tion bids me walk the other way, seeing nothing; but duty says 'Catch the de , linquente red- Tianded.' Dear, dear ! Such a simple-minded game as marbles is ! . But I hav* warned the boys against it. I have written it down a capital offence, a public danger, and ? ' Mr. Hiplmgham sighed detply. It was a pastime in which he himself— half a century back— had excelled mightily. It was a pastime— hush ! never let th» Vol untary School boys get wind of it— in which Mr. Rapl-ngham, aged sixty; stern, unbending schoolmaster, still indulged, in the privacy of his study. ' Such a fascinating game 1' repeated Mr. Baplingham, as he Btrode away to the execution of his duty. ' And fifty years ago I was the veriest culprit. Still' —he straightened his scholarly back and stiffened his drooping shoulders — 'since I have ordered the game to be numbered ? with the crimes I must oollar the criminals.' -?'-.-? ' - It was at an exciting moment that Mr. ' , . Baplingham' strode to the execution of his duty.' Dan Shawley had won so per , Bistently that Harry Tuft was fingering his laet marble. With the greatest oare —and a moderate amount . of luck — the loser realised that he might yet ragain the cherished store of marbles that jiagled in . mirrored all the concentrated judgment he was bringing into ploy over this final t'-ot. Knuckles to ground, marble poirad fin ger and thumb, littlt Tuft gazed anxiously and nervously at the two marbles that, . lyin? at an easy angle and distance from each other, might well be worn in one shot. Mr. Kaplinghara'e eyes took in the situation at a dance as ha came ni-. un noticed. His lips parted as if to speak, but after remaining in that attitude for a minute they automatically closed again. The interest in the game had seized him. His eyes wera devouring the situation' greedily. Suddenly he spoke. * Lowar I' he said, in a voice of tense exciteuent. 'Knuckles lowar, boy. You will never hit it if yau cook your fingers tap like that.' ': 'The schoolmaster's Toice struck the as tonished boys like a swish from a birch. But the movement did not detract from Mr. Raplingham'e interest in' the game. . In faot, to thB boys' unlimited amazement, that gentleman had dropped upon one knee and, picking up tha marble that had fallen from young Tuffs paralysed hand, ? fingered it with th» easy confidence of the - \- expert. ?'-' 'Watch me, boy 1' ha said. 'Knuckles down like that. Marble easy, so ; thumb strong, but' not rigid. Hit the first . jnarble yonder slightly on the side, so as -_ w-wuuuu uHiwj uiw uw flvuvuu nm.\j :-ttt*iv.' ?. ? -? .:,?? 1 ^Bravol' ' ..? ' -? ?;; . -, ,.. - -. : 'Dan Shawlty's ovation swung the scheol -jnasterbaoktoiis.eUty years of age. In the privacy of his study whera, with' the marbles confUoatsd during leBsons, the schoolmaster was *wont to talk and laugh to hiMflelf while, he played with an imaginary opponent, there was novarany ^applause. ???'.-.. ' Mr. Bapli»gh*m stood upright, con scious of the indignity of the proceeding. : Thoniia^iAmma ftwmrA.nf mm m-nnvna^hintr vehiole (the Battley*' victoria) and hot ' blood suffused his cheeks. If the BatUeys (Major Battley, the Chief Constable, was a '.? manager of the Voluntary Sahool) had; seen hum on ona kaee playing marbles in the road with ? 1 He walked rapidly onward,, conscious that the Battleys' viotoria had pulled up in the vicinity of his degradation. Had they seen him f and had they pulled up to question those. boys .upon tha singular V spectacle of 'a schoolmaster kneeling .to. \- play marbles .with his scholars at the rsad sidef., .. ..: ? . ? ? . . /If so, loan never ontliv» the diagram8!' sighed the bewildered man. 'I shall be obliged to leave the sohool and, in some . far-away town, to seek a livelihood at the age of sixty!' -*?-?? . . TT ? ? ? . Msjoj Battley was choleric with rage as, next day ha hurried into tha schoolroom. *' I've said it before, sir, lint without effect I now repeat it, and look to you, Mr. Raplingham, to put tha order into , -execution. ,llarble playing in the public \- thbroughfara must- ,06886 at onoe!' ex claimed the Chief Constable. ;? a will see to it, Major Battley,' softly \'; . sponded the schoolmaster. .. The 'major surveyed .the ' assembled ? scholars from .beneath contracted brows 'I wonder ,'if he spotted us P' whispered . Harry Tuft to his neighbour. ?NoV. replied Dan Shawley. . ' Old Raplineham daren't give us away,' chuckled Tuft ' ; Shut up J' siid Dan. ;, 'Old .Bap's- shivering in his shoes.; :'. Dosan't he look miserable. I say, Dan, /**&,! ..-.,: .-,?-'? '?/. :. = ??:.., ??? 'Shut up 4' -And Dan gave his friend an ' effective pokeinth* ribs. . '..-.. : 'Itfa simply disgraceful,' continued the. : . major, 1 that .a lady oannpt step from her ?1 oarriageintha pnblio road without trip pingiover marbles left- about by a set of .; young scallywags' - Mtrust the lady was not injured,' said * Mr. Eaplingham, who would have given a :,?? month'is salary to know whether hie par ^ tioipation in the game of marbles was sus r.pectedby the major. ... ?fT : 'Nothing .bayond bruises/ testily re plied the Chief Constable, 'but '-ladies * don't like tumbling about in the road, and ;' this is the third complaint I've received -': from r'ladies who have slipped and fallen i over these young monkeys' playthings. ?; This tMe the victim was. one of my own \- family'. The lady was getting out of the carriage to pick a bunch of berries at the I roadside 1 she gathered a bunch of bruises ' instead.' He glared .across at the shivering boy, * and added s , ' 'I'd give the young rips who left the marbless on the footpath a cool licking if I could lay hands on them. But the little cowards ran away when they Baw the mis chief they had done, and they haven't the courage to own up mow.' ? The schoolmaster released a broath of ' glad relief. The boys had mn away; :? therefore it was probable that his own '.share in the game was unsuspected. He, .glanced at Dan Shawley. Would he con fessP ' I'll birch the first boy the police catch marble playing in the pnblic highway !' ; declared the Chief Constable and strutted out of sohool. Mr. Baplingham watched him, and the ghost of a smile illumined his thin lips the smile. of danger aveited. He was so absorbed that he did not 'see Dan Shawley slip out; tiusough ,«. back classroom, from which he baatened down a back' thorough fare thet slid .gently down into the Sigh Street..: - ;./ , ,;-. . ? : -?, . i. ? . . . .Then he stopped and gazsd anxiously in all directions. But the majonvas not in Bight -: ...... 'He can't have got out ofsightifhe came this way,' commented Dan, 'yet he isn't in sight anvwav: thm- afaro ha am*'* come this road; therefore he went across the fields, which is the only other way.' Euclid had not been dunned into Dan Shawley's head for nothing. ;He turned on his his heel and retracing his steps dashBd paBt the school and gained the fields. Half a mile distant the majer was quietly pursuing his way towards the Battleys*^ residence; the smoke from a cigar leaving the trail of a miniature ex press train. ' -t^tau uujipeu auraHs vas Boie ana startet inf^rsuit. - - The country was flat as a pancake and well-nigh naked of vegetation. In the distance clustered a few weather-beaten,' partly dismantled hayricks. The footpath passed the ricks ; the major followed the winding footpath ; Dan Shawley struck a beo-line across the sodden fields, hoping to intercept the major near the cluster. Thus it came about that Dan saw the man concealed behind the largest of the hayricks, while the major remained ignor ant of the fellow's presence. More than it&t;, Ubxl saw that thy fellow in hiding, held a rifle, and, .more suggestive stall, was taking an occasional sight at the Chief Constable's Approaching figure using a corner of the rick that sheltered him from view as a gun rest. : ? ' Dan's heart began to bump at the dis covery. The man's motive was obviously to shoot Major Battley as soon as that gimaai omcer snouxa present a good enough target Dan's mouth opened to omit a yell of warning ; but it snapped to again without emitting the yell. Then it was that Dan, who could run, began to doit; and as he ran, his eyes, wild- looking and feverish, twitched to and fro in the lines of sight that respectively covered the chief constable and his wait ing assailant Twice within the next two minutes Major Battley stood still, obvionsly hesitating between continuing his present route and roturniuc to thn t.nwn onrl nn each occasion the man behind the hay rick took careful aim, while Dan Shawley's throat filled with a ready shout of warning. But the major continued his way, and Dan gained distance at each moment of indecision. The srround was soft after tha Riifnimn floods; but for that the man, intent upon his victim, must have heard the flying steps. Tet he didn't ; and to Dan it was just a question whether the major would pasB the hayrick — and get shot — before he' himself could get within touch of the shooter. Tha first of the cluster of hayricks shut the- major from the boy's eyes. Dan until his voice broke in such resounding sobs that only the intensely absorbing nature of the deed he was about to commit could have prevented them from reaching the desperado's ears. But the latter was peering- intently round the rick, and his ears were only f or the major's firm footsteps on the gravel ^Suddenly, between /the ricks, tbe major caught a glimpse o£ the ;flying sohoolboy, and marvelling, stood still. That was the desperado's -opportunity. ' Twenty yards or so separated the shooter and the man to be shot. . i ? . . .. ? The desperado ran ,his eye along the sightless barrel ' Now, my gallant major !' he muttered, ' I've got yer ! Last year yon got me six months' hard for poacbin' — with violence. That was your day; thisis ? ' The man with the gun felt something at his ankles, and with thoughts of a stray dog, kicked backward with a vigorous foot Then he. tried to turn round and attack his adversary from the front ; but Dan Shawley dragged the second ankle so vigorously from under the man's body that the latter: fell face forward to the ground with the helpless thwack of a man taken unawares. . ? -, ?. ?Crack!' cried the rifle, for the fellow's hand had been ready on tha trigger. . ? ?„?? m. ' If you please, sir, it was ine who was playing. marbles in the road when Mrs. Mrs. Battly fell over yesterday afternoon.' Major Battley, who had followed Dan at the first glance of his fleeting figure through the hayricks, and come up to him in time to see the boy's plucky, assault upon the poacher (who, Belf-shot through the arm, never attempted to rise) stared at the diminutive lad far a. whole minute before he broke into a loud peal of laughter. ? What' s that got to do with this villain who was evidently waiting to shoot me as .ftoeaia^ P* Via na\raA t Vai*-*m a m**aaw *. .fiwuuwi uv uwaeui -iiwu xo aw uum little chap.' 'I saw you in school this morning, sir.' ' And I remember that I saw you. If youwere the boy I was asking for, why didn't you speak up and.admit your guilt?' 'Because ? ' Dan's eyes sought the ground, then . wandered up the hayrick and down again. 'Because I didn't want to — then, sir.' ' But why not P' persisted the major, possessing himself of the gun and esti mating his prisoner's wound with tha cool ness of a man who had seen soma rough service. ' 'Why not f ' ? ' I — I'd rather not tell you, sir.' 'AsecretP' . ? If it is, nobody asked me to keep it,' nanartail Dun-' ' Then you won't tell me.' ' I'd rather not, sir.' - - ' But see how curious you leave Me 1* ?I'd take it as a favour, sir, if you wouldn't ask me,' added Dan. ?Well,' said the major, 'you stand con victed of having thrown a lady on har face through your carelessness in rolling marbles about the public thoroughfares, but 01 my honour I can't scold you f 01 it, seeing what you've j ust done for me.' - And the major, allowed the matter to drop, but later on, when tha poacher had been secured in the town hospital, and 1;he majer was turning over the events of the day, he received a note fram II;. Baplingham, confessing his shs.ro in the game of marbles that had ended so awk wardly for Mrs. Battley. And the Chief UonBtable understood. ? Plucky little Hd,' he exclaimed ; ' he wouldn't, give his schoolmaster away. I must see that youngster again. He saved my life. If the. incident had happened in front of the enemy he would have got the V.C. He ought to be a soldier.' To Mr. Baplingham the major wrote : 'Thanks for your explanation. Let the inoident drop. I saw nothing — I shall say nothing. I suffer from a boyish weak ness myself— top-spinning on the quiet.' During the last hundred years there has been a great decline in the art of porce lain manufacture in China, The so-called Imperial manufactory, however, continues to produce choice specimens. ft is a noteworthy fact that in. Utah here) is not one Irish Mormon. 