UNJOINTED CHAT. By MEECCTTIO. It would seem as if the diplomats had been making a big bid to get their hands on the " China Question," and just now were either beating time or sparring for breath. Eat all the Powers whose forces are collecting in China must be thoroughly informed of the policy; of Russia, with that great trans-Siberian railway on hand dosing fast on Manchuria, and by and by on Peking. For the Russian Autocrat, the incarnation of Russian policy, never falters, but With his stealthy pace, With Tarquin ravishing strides, towards his design Moves like a ghost and since Peter the Great's time has always done so when annexation was the objective, which, somewhere or other in Asia, it has been for centuries. Annexation has been raised by Russia to the dignity of an exact science. Britain is the world's great colonisers, but Russia the world's great annexed. And now she has a sleeping partner in France, at least for, the time being. And the policy of these two miss Britannic Powers is to squeeze Britian and America and the other Powers out of the Yang-tsze Valley, which should be Britain's recognised " sphere of influence," and her connecting link in the future with Burma. The present purpose of Russia is, with the aid of France, Li Hung Chang, that wily Chinese Talleyrand, the Empress, and the anti-foreign party, to make the " open-door" policy impossible, and the " closed door" one the only alternative ; Russia keeping the key on the north, and France on the south. Just now Germany is not moving in line with the " White Czar." but trying to work out her own scheme, which is proclaimed to be an " open-door" one, but may perhaps develop otherwise. Mr. Colquhoun says that the right treatment of our interests in China has become a man's job." That is true; and for a very re- solute, astute, and far-seeing man, with a determined Parliament behind him . . "to perceive here a divided duty said Desdemona to her father. And this is what some members of the State Legislatures (New South Wales not excluded) will be saving not perhaps loudly or openly, but softly soliloquising. And a man's self, it ought never to be forgotten, is sometimes his most indulgent, at other times his least indulgent, audience. They would fain serve both Commonwealth and State, not necessarily in the way of gratuitous service, wholly or in part, for have we not turned our backs long ago on that kind of political employment, as provocative of illegitimate alloyed form of Parliamentary service ? And then, while in this patriotic mood, enter to them that wholly superfluous phantom, " divided duty." Will they then say (still of course in soliloquy) to their State, as Desdemona to her father,-" Yon are the Lord of Duty. I am hitherto your daughter, but (turning to the Commonwealth, here's my husband, and forthwith proceed to publish an address to some federal electorate, with a forbidding blackfellow',) name, whose boundaries it will take them inside a fortnight to get on friendly terms with? Or will they stick to the electorate they know, and let men with big balances at the bank contest one of those federal seats, which for some years will mean a two months' holiday in Melbourne, but only £100 a year more than the State honorarium to enjoy it with which, to borrow a bit out of Euclid, is absurd. 2 3 4 . Captain Macheath sang to Polly and Lucy in the Beggar's Opera, " How happy could I be with either were t'other dear charmer away !" But in this dual seat business the song that will be sung should rather run, " How happy could I be with both, if both of you come hereto stay !" And to this noble aspiration there only appears one obstacle-the want of a Local Government Act, the measure which some weeks back I implored somebody to rescue from the Parliamentary tip where it has so long been weltering. The State constituencies will have the undivided duty of their representatives, so they assure me. It is roads and bridges with them at the expense of the general taxpayer, not at their own charges. What a glimpse into that complex institution known inhuman nature does this demand of the country folk for fidelity to the country's needs afford to the philosophic observer ? And the interesting part of the business is that the country member feels exactly like his constituents on this subject. The prospect, therefore, of an early reintroduction of the Local Government Bill is as promis- ing as its rejection is certain. Rural human nature can stand some shocks ; but you must draw the line in front of any additional scheme of taxation. And where is the Treasurer that will throw overboard the revenue he now derives as first robbers from the land ? Follows therefore a political see-saw, to continue until the exasperated public insists on a referendum and I then cataclysms, or else I'm no oracle. But we must get introduced to our oil old friend, the bill, and keep it before the electors, cataclysm or no cataclysm. And really people might give up sniggering when some Minister for the hundredth time gives notice of MB intention to, &c.; &c.; . s s s Again one wonders how often the same thing has been done without the smallest result atten- tion has been called to the condition of our forests and the administration (save the mark !) thereof. This time Mr. Kethel in the Council, and Mr. MacFarlane in the Assembly, have warned us what our indescribable apathy, or stupidity, is likely to cost us, and what we are losing by indulging it. Some years ago Mr. Ednie Brown infused a little life into forestry administration, but since his departure forestry has become about the most negligible quantity under the Southern Cross, at least for New South Wales. I almost believe that nine out of ten of us think that the conifers of North America will last for ever, and that American and Canadian numbers are as inexhaustible as the water of the ocean ; yet the Canadians themselves are very seriously taking to heart the extermina- tion of their pine forests and the necessity for re- afforestation. I suppose our forest rangers do about as much as the department expects of them, but what is the use of zeal if there is no system ? indiscriminate ringbarking for the sake of gross has been our bane for many years. The freeholder can do what he likes with his own timber trees, but the Crown tenant is allowed far too much liberty. For their own sakes some of them are careful to leave belts of timber for windbreaks, firebreaks, and shelter to stock, but every traveller with eyes in his head must deplore the wantonness of the ringbarking system, or rather no system. . « . . . I think the idea of another forestry department suffers much from the suspicion that it would only mean another form of bleeding the taxpayer for salaries and expenses without any prospect of a return at all adequate to cost. But I have long been under the impression-conviction would be a better word that a cheap and effective department or sub-department of forestry could be created by the appointment of a council of a few zealous and level-headed men at headquarters, acting under the Minister for Lands or Agriculture (it is immaterial which). The council should have as its chairman the Director of the Botanic Gardens, and with a man like Mr. Kethel and two or three others (Mr. Turner, eg.) who know the difference between a cedar tree and a bluegum, and something about the commercial values of timber trees indigenous and exotic, it should have, under the Minister, the entire control of forest reserves and plantations, and some control over ringbarking. In each land board district of the colony there should be a forestry board consisting of the district surveyor and two others, and the board should under the council have the administration of the reserves and control of the forest rangers. With a central council and local sub-councils, the work of tree-planting in suitable areas might be made a success, which it never has yet. This is the most economical and practical scheme of forestry administration that I can think of, and as such I humbly make a present of it to the authorities. * * * When we of New South Wales point the finger of scorn at our friends in Queensland and their police and say " Gatton," and they, reciprocating the compliment, say "Breelong" to us, the honours seem very " easy." I don't know how our Police Department takes it, but' those outside that department don't take this Breelong chase with any relish or even resigna- tion. It seems such an unspeakable humiliation to our power as a civilised State to maintain law and order, even with the assistance of amateurs. increase the reward to £1000 say somebody anaesthetics and narcotics clandestinely for them say others. Tam out the Permanent Force say others, again. Like the needy knife-grinder I have no story to tell and no scheme for catching these " Governors." No, I forgot, I have a little scheme, not much to look at, but " mine own." It is this. Pass an Act of I Pwjisment which shall - declare that - any man who captures these outlaws shall have 1. A. free pass on the railways and tramways for life. 2. Free quarters for the game period. 3\. Right to send " On Service " letters anywhere and to anybody, about anything. 4. Absolute immunity from rates and taxes and jury service. 5\. A seat in the Legislative Council for life, or at his choice one in the Assembly with £300 a year for pocket money. 6. A statue in Hyde Park at his death, with an Executive recommendation for a first-class halo. Curious I but I like my plan just as much as any of those I see in the papers. 