SNAP SHOTS. [BY LENZA] YOUR remarks. Mr. Editor, anent the Lismore "Museum" should have the effect of arousing the "wide-a-wake " people of Lismore to a sensibility of their having overrated themselves on various occasions. In an exceptionally prosperous and wealthy district like this, where the development of natural resources cannot well be impeded by the lethargy of man, its residents do not require to be very wide awake to get possession of a decent-looking post-office, or water fountain, or anything else that is necessary. But it is evident that no efforts have been made towards securing many things that are necessary. Apart from the post-office and public school. I maintain that the public buildings of Lismore are behind what they should be, and those citizens of the Queen city who boast of their ability to "get anything," must admit they have been very much asleep. The Fawcett bridge has been a long "night mare" to almost every thing civilised, and I will wager there is not another bridge that has the same amount of traffic on it in any part of Australia, so danger- ous, so inconvenient, and so designedly ugly as the Lismore structure. Coming back to our Museum - which has the name written on it in letters comparatively larger than those on the Sydney institution of the same ilk- I maintain it should be opened. A technological museum is one of the most useful and instructive insti- tutions that a town can be possessed of - and that can easily and cheaply be obtained and kept. Ergo, let us have it. * HE flutter amongst the railway agitators just now is spirited and fairly widespread. Nearly everybody wants an iron horse. Our Grafton friends for many years have been struggling folis viribus to obtain a railway of some sort, and if there is any truth in the maxim that "wherever there's a will there's a way," the efforts of these people should reach the crown ing point of success. And the Ballina people are now "on the slump." Those persons who have ever taken an interest or part in political or municipal elections in Ballina will know what that means, and how successfully "ends" are gained and wrongs are righted, per medium of the "stump." Ballina, however, never asks for a thing till it is wanted - until, in fact, some considerable time after it needs it. It wakes up then and gets it. I verily believe the earth would quake if the Ballina people were refused what they conceived to be a just divvy. Yes, Ballina has all its conveniences - from a District Court down to a pound-yard ; and it has a well equipped School of Arts, with a historical minute book that has figured in high places. Among the few things the Ballina people ever "requested" was a valuable town clock. They got it, of course, quick and lively ; and now its the pride of the place. Ballina knew it wanted this branch railway long ago, but the matter of agitation was placed in the pigeon- hole until the benefit of the harbor works had proclaimed itself. This has now been done, and the sea- port town is now asking for a 12-mile railway line to connect it with the Lismore-Tweed ser- vice - and Ballina will get it as sure as John Perry is its member. * BUT what I wish to draw attention to, Mr. Editor, in connection with this Ballina railway \- the construction of which you recently advo- cated - is that Lismore will not reap much benefit by it. "What benefits one portion of a district must necessarily benefit the whole" is a truism that won't come true as far as con- cerns Lismore when the proposed Ballina branch line is constructed. This remark of course in no spirit of opposition to this line. Lismore is now practically the shipping port. But ocean boats will cease running to Lismore when the line in question is completed - possibly before. When the harbour works are complete we will probably find the ocean boats arriving and departing to and from Sydney and Brisbane every day. With the facilities afforded by a 12 mile railway service from Ballina to the present line, there would be no time for a big boat to run up a 65 mile course to Lismore for its cargo, or anything else. If she did so I think we would then complain of having to pay the taxes occasioned by so much loss of time, &c.; Besides, the river is almost unnavigable for the present class of ocean boats - and is getting worse. Yes, Ballina must be the shipping port for the trade of these districts, from Tenter- field way to the Tweed and beyond-providing of course that Grafton doesn't yet get the windward side of us - and what is more, will be the railway terminus. There is the point, I contend that Lismore, without the ghost of a counterbalancing benefit, will in this respect have to surrender a little of its proud possessions to the Ballina people. All the same we do not begrudge it ; and, while we extend a glance of commiseration at our Grafton friends and their elegant harbour, we will rise to our feet and drink "Success to Ballina and the Port of the North ! " * THE Breelong horror, and the other more re- cent atrocities committed by the blacks, con vinces me that you can never trust a nigger. The Australian black, from an intellectual point of view, ranks lowest amongst all the native tribes of the wide world, and it is con- sidered that as far as what is best known as low cunning, he ranks about the top of the list. Whilst they can be quietened and civilised almost every effort to cultivate and educate them up to ordinary morals has failed. History shows that the savages and cannibals of other islands can be tamed and enlightened, but the standard of enlightenment to which these flat nosed darkies of ours can be brought to is so infinitesimal that it is no wonder the contract for such a mission is not generally considered worth taking on. The aboriginal has a natural inborn hatred for white men. He could not inflict a more cutting indignity or a greater in- sult upon his follow countryman than by call ing him a "whitefellow." In this way it may be calculated that with the same amount of contempt and ill-will that a Boer regards an Englishman as a "blanky rooineck," so does au Australian nigger look upon a white man as a "plurry whitefeller." The Governor Bros., however, appear to have had an education. Whether it was obtained with Government aid or not your humble servant does not know, but he believes that all thoughts of further peti- tions by sympathisers for the establishment of schools and "homes" for these people have been buried with the unfortunate victims of the recent horrible murders. THE INDIAN FAMINE FUND.- We are pleased to be able to report that since last issue the following donations have been received by us towards the above :- Mr. H. E. Rishworth, Lin- dendale, 5s ; Mr. G. Smith, Clillcott's Grass, 5s ; Mr. W. S. Newton, Wollongbar, £1 ; Messrs. Kenrick Bros., Lismore, £1 ; Mrs. Jas. Ander- son, Lismore, 12s ; Lismore Fire Brigade and Federal (Lancer) Band, proceeds collection fancy dress football match. £9 10s. Total to date, £27 6s 9d. SCHOOL CHANGES.- Mr. T. A. Lawler, teach or of the Keerrong public school, has boeen pro- moted to Tunstall. Mr. Lawler was deservedly popular at Keerrong, where he interested him- self for the welfare of that portion of the dis- trict, especially in connection with the cricket club. Mr. Turnbull, of Ulmarra, is Mr. Law- ler's successor in charge of the Keerrong School. Mr. W. S. Reay, headmaster of the Grafton Superior Public School, has been appointed to the Parramatta S.P.S. Mr. Reny leaves Graf- ton next Saturday, and will be succeeded by Mr. J. Finney, B.A., of the Fort-street Model School. JOINING THE N. S. WALKS POLICE FORCE.- Some time ago we announced that Mr. John Campbell, son of Mr. Neil Campbell, of Boorie, had qualified for admission into the New South Wales police force, but owing to there being no vacancies at the time no appointment was made. On Saturday Mr. Campbell received instructions from the Inspector-General to proceed to Head- quarters at once as there was now a vacancy. Mr. Campbell left Lismore yesterday by the St. George, and friends will join us in wishing him a successful career, feeling sure that he will prove a useful member of the Force. For Children's Hacking Cough at night Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. 1s. 6d. 