DECLINE OF COUNTRY SPORT Ik the olden days of racing at Bourke, Brewnrrinn, Cuiinamulln, and oven little Barrigun, it was a difficult' matter during -the; race time to get a bed— under a roof — as the squatters, station managers, and -overseers generally tp'ok the precaution to order them nil weeks '-beforehand, and it WAS ft verv nvirunh mahf.ar f.hnfc Irnnh thotn away from their annual race meeting, out now, I am told, the presence of the leading pastoralists is a rare thing indeed at tlio far western meetings — so much so, in fact, that it is probable at least one club (once u powerful one) is seriously consider ing the advisability of giving up the ghost, and leasing their racocourso and improve ments to a large' party of squatters and .homestead lessees, who are desirous of providing a bit of amateur sports for themselves without the assistance of the - professional racing man or .the professional jockey. It b to such men asvthese that we look to improve the breed of horses, and if they interest themselves in the. racing of horses they will naturally inter est themselves in the breeding of that useful animal. As before remarked, it is siuy to assert cnac me sporting spirit, tor v -which the previous generation of sheep and . cattle kings were famous, has died out. It /js as -strong »s ever, and , the picnickers [provo tlmt. The decadence of. country racing is due to careless manngement and tho withdrawal of the man of money and influence,' who would rnthor do without racing than bring himself on a lev^l with the bread .and cheese sportsman and his friends the jockey and tho betting steward. At picnic races he gets his sport ntnong his ,6wn friends, brings his wife and- daughters to see the funj and goes in for a- good time generally.;. If he puts his sovei'eign on a, horse he'getR a rurt for .it; and has not to worry around to find out ;f .'.so-and-so has got a punter,' or : whether- '. what'shis name is iti the bagj'' and so forth. It can not be expected that; he 'Can 'travel tho country learning, the tricks of tlie trade in. order to hold his own ori 'a racecourse.' . He must lookT after his ^looks , and herds ; therefore, like n sensible man lie leaves the business to those ivlio understand it, and gots-his sport liis own '.way.— Mail. ? 