A NIGHT IN A STOKM. GaonrrE P. BUXTON gives, jn •• Adventures in ibe Rocky Mountains," a thrilling desciiption of a nigbt spent on tbe open prairie in a blizzard. Tbe advent of the storm was sudden and terrible. Black, threatening clouds descended until they touched the earth; a hollow murmur swept through the bottom, but not a branch stirred in tbe wind ; the naked cottonwoods stood like ghosts. I knew what was coming, and turned my horse toward the timber two miles distant. Before we had covered half the distance the tempest broke upon us. The clouds opened and drove down in our faces a storm of freezing sleet, which froze upon us as it full. • The first 6quall of wind carried away my cap, and enormous hailstones, beating on my head and face, almost stunned me. My hunting shirt was soaked in an instant aud as quickfv frozen hard and mv horse "'as a moss of icicles, To ride was impossible, and 1 jumped otf and covered my head with the saddle blanket. Tbe horse and the following mules turned their sterno to tfce wind, and madu for the open prairie. I was unable to drive them to the shelter of the timber. Perfect darkness soon set in. Ktill tbt animals kept on, and 1 followed, or rather was blown after them,- My blanket, frozen stiff, required all the 8lrtB(.Mh of fijy numbed Augers to prevent it beiog blown away. In an incredibly short time two feet of suow covered the bare prairie and through this we floundered till we could go no further, The animals stopped, huddled together, and would not move. Exhausted, 1 sank dowu, and covering my head with the blanket, crouched like a ball io tbe snow, expecting certain death. The wind lowed over the prairie, driving the snow before it, burying me aud the animals. For hours I remained with my bead on my knees, with the 6now pressing like a weight of lead upon it. At short intervals the mules would groan aloud and fall upon the snow, und then again struggle on their legs. All night long the pierciLg howl of wolves was borne upon the wind. I was just eiDking into a stupor when the moles began to enort and shake themselves. I roused up, but was in total darkness, buried under the snow. 1 thrust out my arm, and |tbrough the opening saw the star9 shining in the sky. The storm had ceased. 1 tried to stand, but fell forward in the snow. Finally 1 freed myself, managed to mount my horse, and reached the camp on the Arkansas that evening, half dead with cold and hunger. LIFE consists in the alternate process uf learning aud utlearning ; but it is often wiser to uulearu thau to learn. JACK—" YOU never told me Miss Fairgirl athlete." Nelly--" Well, is shef" Jack she has thrown me over," as an " Yes, DOCTOR—" Put out your tongue," Little Tommy —"\ofear. I did that (o the fcaubei yesterday and gat an awful hiding." MANY a ni'iQ thinks he is being diiven to ruin when, as a matter of Tact, he has got the bit in his teeth and is luuniug away. A LITTLE girl, hearing her mother sav that she was going into half- mourning, innocently asked her if any of her idations were half dead I " Do you know that y.in talk iu your sleep Henry?" asked Mrs. Peck. "Well, do you begrudge me those few words also ?" he snapped back. WIFE—How did you dare to scold me Lcfore Mrs. Brown ? Husband—Well, you know, my love. I daren't scold you when we are by ourselves. MASAQBU—You won't have tlage- frighl when your to'n comes, will you I Amateur—Not ft bit 1 Why, J recited my pail without a quiver 1 TEACHER—" NOW, Patsy, would it be proper to sav 'You cap't learu me nothing?'" Patsy— " Yes'm." Teacher—" Why ?" Hutsy—" 'Cause yon can't." CONSOLING FRIEKD (to weeping young widow) —'• I his is a terrible affliction, but it might have been much wors(:." VVid.m—" Yes, tbe loss is covered by insurance." " ULS. I.ETTEBBY bss the appearance of a woman whose djgi'Slir.n is badly out of older. " ft is ; but she doesn't call it that." " What docs she fall ii ?" ••tienius." 