Tlie Death of a Coward. The boy leant wearily against the bul-vark rails, watching the lights as they came up one by one on tk<? coas". The plunging of the ship still made his head reel, and he was weak from want cf food He seemed altogether -psrt from the stir and life that three hundred emigrants on board created. His whole soul was filled with a dumb and impotent protest against his fate, and the life before him. Old Captain Malcolm had shown little wudom when he sent his only son to sea to have some pluck knocked into him. All the exhortations to manliness, all the covert reproaches that came from his father, were so aiany oarts that rankled and festered in his sonl, but fa.led to compel his nature to be other than it was The boy was made for peace, for the quiet and uneventful iife that an office in his native town could have offered, under his mother's watchful care. Instead, he was here, an apprentice on the S s Pride of Asia a big cargo boat just off the slips on the Tyne, and carrying emigrants to the Gape. Tbe ship's doctor came out of tbe saloon in the poop to go his evening round below. With him was bis wife a slight, girlish figure, wrapped in a heavy cloak. She turned at tbe ladder which led to the lower deck, and wag about to go back when her eyes fell on the boy. She had noticed him once or twice before, and his white face and lonely air roused the womanly sympathy in her. She touched him lightly on the shoulder and said, ' You are leaving home, like me.' The boy started. A slight color sprang to his cheeks, and tears to his eyes. He smiled faintly, showing a gtp where two teeth had been knocked out by a smaller boy in the only fight he had ever had at school. Yes, ma'am, he replied. Tou must feel lonely, she said ; but u will £03n b? back, and th< everyone will think so much of you. Her voice had something caressing and inviting about it; and so his con fidence overcoming his shyness and reserve, Lrake bounds. He told her ever) thing — how he would hate this life, how all filled him with fear and disgust, the cold and darkness, the chaff and horseplay of his fellow-ap prentices, the indifference of everyone around him. He told bow im possible it was to come up to his father's standard, how he felt he was born a coward, and that he would always be one, shrinking instinctively from the danger and excitement that bolder natures took pleasure in. She listened sympa helically. Her hand had patted him once or twice, and encouraged him to go on. When he ended, she said: You must not be 100 hard on yourself. It is not always those who fear the least that are bravest in the end. When the time comes, I am sure you will do your duty. A few hours later the Pride of Asia was steaming at 'slo*,' wi;h her wins tie going every fa,? minutes. The Channel fog girt the ship like & shroad The captara walked the bridge uneasily No tempest or rock-bound shore gives the anxiety that a fog on this wa'erway of the nations doss. Danger is immi nent everywhere, aoa ihe most carefai seamanship is no guarantee of safety So it was now. A ho.irie shout came from the man on the look-out. The captain sprang to the telegraph, and as 1 Fu!i speed astern ' rang out a large sailing vessel tjok form in the fog, and in a few seconds crashed into the steamer. Th<; Pride of As:a shook from stem to stern, heeled over to starboard, and then began to forge ahead, while the other wint pounding along her side, wrenchirg the port bo:its from their davits, and staving them in with her bowsprit. Then she passed away as ghost in the fog. The Pride of Asia had met her death wound. At once, all was noise and confusion. The emigrants came pouring up on deckj screaming and shouting with terror. Some of the sailors rushed to clear the boats, but a shaip order from the captain stopped them, In a few seconds the captain had decided oa his course. The remaining boats would not carry a hundred and fifty people. There were more than twice that number on board. On the other hand, the land was about three miles off, and a sandy and protected beach meant safety. But could it be done with that hole in her side ? H e would try He changed her course > rang ' Full speed ahead,' and shouted* to the mate, go down and shut the foi'ard bulkheads, Mr Jones * The mate ran forward, and with the help of the carpenter, tore off part of the hatch covering and sprang to the ladder. As he climbed down, young Malcom peered aimlessly over the hatch. Bring down a lantern, cried the mate; and Malcolm, galvanised into activity by fear, seized a lantern from the alleyways and clamored down into the hold. The mate ran towards the iron door in the bulkhead, which had been left open and pushed it to. The light here : quick ! And the boy brought it. Blast them ?—oh, biast ihem! roarfed the mate. They've put the bolts on the wrong side In five minutes we'll all be in kingdom come. He stumbled for the tedder, and Malcolm followed, wild wi t h terror. Yts, evtry one would be drov.ned, and he too, TT.h -he crj-1. coldw;trr si ing h til cow . tern, acd fcega-. ladder. suck-"" tff '•T> 0 (- theliui \- h 1115 u v,p the Suddenly he stepped. Ad idea h.id lesi bcra in his brain; a hideous, unnthmkahle thought—the door conld be closed from the other side. He hung limply on the ladder, and in his mind raped a tornado of conflict. > Oh, to be out of this awful shift afe once again at home! But the mate had said that all were lost. That meant him, too. But If only * that door were shut, all could be saved. G;eat beads of sweat broke out on his forehead. He groaned and writhed like on the rack. Then he began to descend slowly. He stopped again on the last rung. He clung to the ladder aB a drowned man to a rope. He could never let .go. Why was he not going up the ladder ? There were boats left. He had seen that. He could fight for a place, and be saved. He was so young; not old, like the* mate and the captain. They must give him a place. jjk All at once he loosened .his hc!d, and ran blindly for the door On the way he tripped, and fell heavily on his hands an3 face, cutting and bruising them. He lay half stunned for a minute, moaning from the pain, then raised himself and crawled tbe rest of the way. He passed through the door, and with feverish haste shot the great iron bolts. The boy was alone in his tomb. He leant against the bulkhead, sick, sick to death. Why bad he done this ? He did not know. They would be saved now, but he—O God, no more light or life for him. His poor dry lips moved convulsively, and his hands beat aimlessly on the iron wall. Ho would go back. Hope returned with a rush He would die in the open—with others round him. It would be good to die thus, not in this hell of darkness and deaolateness. He unshot one bolt and fumbled for tbe other. Then, pith a low moan, he cast himself from it, driving his teeth into his lip in his agony. It was not to be. He was too great a coward to live. He could only die. He would pray. But he could think Of nothing—nothing but the 'This night when I lie down fci sleep,' he had learnt at his mother's knee. To sleep—oh, he would sleep long ' There was to be no waking this time- How the water was creeping up ! Long shuddering frs shook his frame, as he felt the icy fingers of death rising inch by inch. He screamed and raved, dashing his head aeainst the iron, that death might come quickly He plunged be neath tbe water, only to come up again, fighting madly for life. Then there was a iong-drawn sob, and ihen silence The captain stood on the bridge a figure of stony despair. The land could never be reached with water pouring like a torrent into the forward bold. He cursed bis negligence in overlooking such a frightful blander. It was going to cost two hundred lives, and he must not be among the saved. The Pride of Asia was getting low in ihe water, but he could not understand why she was net sinking mce by tbe bow. She wis vibr^iing from the engines pushed to their highest pres sure, for the firemen stuck gallantly ti their posts. Five minutes went, am ten, and then, with a tuddea shock she took the ground, and all were safc Next morning young Malcolm wa missing, and the sorrowful news wa sent to bis father. It was though that he had tdlen overboard when th ship grounded, and he could not swin A week afterwards the divers entere the forward hole, and found to the astonishment, that the bulk-head doo: which they bad expected to find opet was closed. They forced it open, and against was the body of a boy. Old Captain Malcolm comes ofu to the little graveyard by the sea. ] it stands a cross, on which are inscribe the words— •HERE LIES A HERO. 1 