A SOLDIER'S GHOST STORY. This is a True Story told by an Old Pensioner to a former Chaplain of Chelsea Hospital. In the year 1799 there was a large garri son at Dover as there was at that time a constant expectation of an attack from France. Thero were six battalions at Dover, four of which wero quartered in the Castle. On January 14th there happened an event which mado a great impression on tho garri son, and which was never explained. Among the men whose duty was sentry-go on that night was Giles Markham, a native of Tewkesbusy, who was what is called 'a character.' A bold, boisterous, rollioking fellow, he always loudly expressed a dis belief in things which were not vouched for by his own senses. On tho night of January I4th, 1790, Giles Markham went on to take his turn of sentry duty at eleven o'clock, and ho was to be at Mb post until one in the morning. The-air was cold and bracing. Within the guardhouse a large fire blazod tncrrilv. nnrl tlin mon worn mnrrv rnrv Markham, who was always the leading spirit among his comrades, was full of fun, and had entertained his comrades with many a story and jest. At length bis turn for duty camo, and he reluctantly turned out. Dul ness fell upon the guardhouse when he loft, and most of the men dropped into a doze. The fire was beginning to burn low when suddenly the voice of tho sentry at the guardhouso- door was heard calling out, and pome one rushed into tho room. Every one was awake in a minute, and the intruder was seen to bo Giles Markham. His cheokn were wiuto, Ins limns trembled, his lirelook, which he had brought with him, fell with a crash to the ground. The whole of the guard wore by this time alarmed, and all crowded round the man and asked in one voico - 'What's the matter, Markham T What has haqpened?' ' I have seen my mother,' gasped the un . nappy man. * Seen the devil !' said the sergeant. ' And suppose you have, why did you quit your post ?' ' Was! to go into the sentry-box while my mother was hero?' demanded Markham, shaking from head to foot as if in an ague fit. ' 1 tell you, 1 couldn't do it — no, not if it were to save my life.' 'It wou'tdo, Markham,' said thesergcant. . ! Eccollect that thero are such things as the Articles of War. It won't do to crack your jokes at tho expense of them.' But Markham's manner so impressed the men that some of them almost unconsciously noted the time by the guardroom dock. It was five-and-twenty minutes to one, and a memorandum was made of tho time. 'I am sorry for you, Markham,' said th» sergeant, ' but this must bo reported to th» officer, and you must take tho consequences.' ' I don't care what tho consequences may be, or to whom you report me,' he replied. When the odicor arrived ho, of course, de manded an explanation. Markham, who had by this time recovered his self- compoBnre, then gave the following account of his ad venture — ' You know where my post was,' he said, ' on tho platform of Number Five battery, which overlooks tho sea. The sentry whom I relieved reported 'All well.' Over the surface of the Channel, as far as my eyes could reach, not a thing was moving. The noises from tho town grew ovorv moment less and less, and at last they died away, so that when the clocks struck twelve there was not a sound except the roar of tho sea. I have oflen done duty on tluit post boforo, blitnevnr hn.v« T ''It' M,n =il-. ? r- I A;a tonight. 1 was thoroughly depressed by tho otillness and loneliness around mo. And then I foil a-thinking. I thought of my past life, and I knew that it had not been all It ought to have been. I thought of my mother, and I remembered how sho used to weep over inv father's looao life — and it was a very loose life — and how sho used to pray that I might turn out a better man than he was. Poor mother ! I stood bcsiilo the gun, and wept liko a baby as I thought of her, and of what she would think of mo now. After a time tho feeling wore off, and I laughed at myself for giving way to silly sontiment jilism. I fticpt] nhniit, nruT wnlltpfl f.n thwonrl of my beat, and then, feeling tired, mado. for the sentry-box. Sir, you may not believe mo, but as there IB a heaven above ub, there at the box stood my mother. Sho was pale, and looked at me with an expression of sorrow that out mo to the heart. I was glued to the sjiot. I could not move. I heard her voice. Sho said, ' This day twelve months we shall meet again. ' The words smote me, and I, who was never frightened bofore, quaked with fear— fear of what I know not. I tried to speak, but couldn't. At length I found feeling rotum to my legs, and I bolted. Believe mo us you liko, every word I haTe said, sir, is true.' 'You have told a strango story, Mark ham,' said tho officer, ' to account for your commission of a Berious military offence. But I will do this much for you. A prisoner you must bo, and a report must be sent in to morrow to the colonel ; but ho shall b* told your talo, and as you have been a good soldier I will beg his leniency for you, You are a nativo of Tewketbury, you say. Do»s your mother live there ?' 'I havo every roason to suppose so,1 answered Markham. 'It is years sines I have soon her or written to her.1 'Very well,' said the offioer, 'your mother shall be written to ; and your fat* will depond on the answer.' Markham was kopt a prisoner that night, and wob roportod noxt morning. Two letters wore despatched by the colonel, one to Markham's mother, and another to the clergyman of tho parish in whioh she was supposed to reside. In due course there came back answers to both letters. One was in tho handwriting of Markham's father, and tho other from tho parson. The latter stated that ho had received an intimation tho very morning when the colonel's letter reached him that the woman concerning whom tho inquiries had been made was to be buried noxt day. Markham, senior, in his letter stated that his wife had diod at half-past twelve on tho night of January 14th. The nows made so much impression on the colonel that Markham waB released. Timo rolled on until a year had gone, and Markham's regiment was at Ashford. When January 14th camo round again Markham seemed as healthy as over. He had gone through a hard faliguo duty in tho day, and when bedtime came ho gladly tumbled in, saying a cheery ' Good-night' to his com radi s. That was at ten o'clock. Some two hours and a half alterwards ono of the men of Markham's company, who had had leave to ho late, camo in, and was a bit noiBy. Somo of tho men woke np, and Markham's voice was beard saying, 'I am coming, mother.' It was 12..'S0 on the 14th January. Markham was found dead in his bed the noxt morning, with a peaceful, happy look in his faco. 