ODDS AND ENDS. Bt Quit Thtt lookup at Tallangatta, which is too dilapidated to hold Its prisoners, is says ' Woomera ' not at all an original establish ment. TheTallangatta lookup opened itedooro to the law breaker within, when be leaned against its wall, and he walked ont. The annals of our oountry police are fall of sucb stories. There is an instance oa record of a rural community petitioning for a new look up, Deoa-uw toe root leanoa vutrageousiy* PosBibly It was a local humorist who added: ' And moat ol the prominent residen tB of the diatriot are martyrs to rheumatism as it is.' Another story tells of a oouple of prisoners surveying the breakfast offered them with great disgust. 'Look here, Bobby,' said one, ' if you don't tucker us bettor then this, hanged if we'll stay in your beastly lockup at ?III' Tbe best story came from the vicinity of Bendigo many yean ago, and relates to a report on a lockup, one olaase of which docu ment ran: ' It would be a very serviceable lockup for the summer months, if there were a fence round it to keep tbe goats out.' The wiliest kind of rumors were flying about Melbourne as to tbe fate ol Ladyemith up to the appearance of the cableB announc ing another decisive victory for Sir George White, and the failure of tbe mOBt strenuous effort the enemy has yet made to break down the defences of the town. The most curious effeot of a miserable oanard, reporting tbe fall of Ladysmtth, is described by the pro prietor of one of tbe most fashionable re straurants. He says:— 'Tbe news came along when most of my customers were at lonoh. The tables were full.and the intellig ence flashed from party to party In a few minutes.. With what result? Gracious, there was not an appetite left in the room. Never in ten years time waB bo little stuff consumed in my rooms during the luncheon hour. People went empty away, empty and disgusted. And that is not the wont. Id the evening one of my beBt customers came to me. 'That was a mean trick you played on us all at lunch, X ,' ho eaid. 'I did not eat two moutbfulls. By, Jove, Sir, you ought to beoompelled lo give ub our money back 1' Aa if I was responsible— but it was his joke.' And didn't the people make np for it at dinner ? Great heavens ! confidence was restored.' There are some very well thought out articles in a little magazine conducted bv the students ol the Liocoln Agricultural College, New Zealand, but all the matter is not serious, as for example, the following on the examination, by H.W.B :— ' StndentB about to try tor tbeir diploma are advieed to work out beforehand tbe accompanying exam, papers, at it is the type on which the u^ywuin dabuib. nui p&uuavijr; vo dcb .— i, Describe the nerveus system of the oircum oeasophagal commissure of a piebald tailless (pore of the emut. 2. State, with reasons, which of the following you consider to hare been the outcome of the most perfect brain power: Wireless telegraphy; eyBtem of flag signalling at Lincoln station ; construction of cart in the slaughter house yard. 8. State whether you think that tbe inventor of the college milkiDg stools should receive tbe Victoria Cross. 4. Calculate the working capacity of a horse fed for two weeks on an albuminoid ratio of 2 to 1 har 1, wheD tincture of opium is mixed with the drinking water. Calculate the percentage of happl ?ess of hearing for the 17th time, ' You'd * best ent thistles.' 6. Calculate tbe mechani cal advantage obtained by using a wooden leg when planting pitatoes. [Note. — In this case energy expended does not equal work done, as it has been observed that tu UJUVU UUP lUUb IW1LU IUB UUUb OUJ II lUCDeS long requires three times the energy to move two feet of normal length, the work done in ?aoh being the same], 7. Write a short essay of^not more than 80 pages, oa Influence of Lysol or Germ Life, dealing with tbe sub ject from its morpbologicat, pathological, mythological, and pbytiologioal points of \lew.' A nfiddfflf hrnmtn* *-a1n4-ai4 MAanlla Iias*. !?«. and another effected a remarkable oure of confirmed drunkenness. The victim waB raperstitioas, and it was by working on this weakneas that they Buooeeded. They dressed as ghosts, and waylaid him one night as he staggered home. He. was eo much frightened that he fainted, and they conveyed him in an uneonsoious condition to bis wife. When he reooverad he solemnly vowed that he Would never touch string drink again, exoept is case of sickness. 'That is two years since,' concluded the narrator. -- And hae be kept His vow? ' BBked an eager listener. 'Yes, he has kept it strictly, but un fortunat. ly he has never considered himself A oonivial spirit front Riverine, who had been oelebrstlng the New Year, entered tbe vestibule of the Melbourne Salvation Army barraoks and rolled up against the offloer in charge. He mistook the place for the Mag nifioent Hotel, where he had taken a room in the morning, and the portals of which are guarded by an Imposing porter in uniform. 'Where is tho bar?' he inquired. 'We ain't got_no bar,' said the offloer. 'No bar!' ex claimed the visitor. 'Where am I, then?1' 'This tbe Salvation Army Barracks,' said the officer. 'Go on,'said the visitor jovially. 'I am not joking,' oontinued the offloer. 'Then what do you do here, anyway?' asked the visitor. 'Our business is to euooour the needy and and distress, to save the fallen—' 'That'll do, that'll do' broke in tbe other. 'Save me! Go and get me a whisky a'nd soda. The horse dentist, says 'Javelin' paying a professional visit to a certain suburb where trftfntno Aatahlfetimantn »«??- ?«?«*- 1_ ? I — — ? -— D —»?——?-???—*??*?? fuv ajlObUjr UUIUUnjUB, I said to a joulhful resident who was sitting on a rail obewing a straw, ' Who lives at that ?table, my lad?' ?? Jack Samper,' replied the. boy, and tben seeing a brown leather bag is tbe hands of his interrogator, he added, ??yeroensaveyerself tber trouble o' askin' , 'im ter bay euoalyptas or furniture polish, mate. 'E gits all them kind o' things from ther grocer on ther nod.' The professional »u»i. «s£u»»w «thu uiKuiiy, - im um a nawjter my boy, but a veterinary dentist, going to ex amine Mr. Samper's horses for dental infirm ities.' ' Well,' responded the youth, ?' It's ter be 'oped yer've fetoh'd 'art a dozen sets of falBe muDohers In yer bag, fur Jack's got six ?orses an' if there's one ov 'em that's got a I to th left us 'aen't bin pulled out, fro a bad ] judge, an' I ought ter know, far I've jade I The Health World.— A Magaeine I/wrtf&i; plainly for the home, showing how to pre vent and cure diseases of tbe human frame. Ho. 9 4d. post free, has articles oo, how to bB beautiful, how to cure rheumatjsm^umbago, j soiatioa, corpulence, consumption gout, dis eases of men and women, deafness and head noiBCB, the hair, etc., 9 Great Russell Street, London, W.O. 1 Germany imports poultry to the value of fo-,800,000 eyear. 