l great wrong: on, THE MTSTJSBT OF BLACK AOL- LOW GRANGE. chapter xxm — cONTDTOED.I Maud Melville, flying homeward from the Gerhart cottage, almost stnmbled over him, as he lay like a log across the moorland path. She stood still, with a quick, startled cry. He s dead !" she gasped, dropping on her knees beside the prostrate figure. " He's surely dead, poor fellow I" The lightning flashed, and the thunder roared threateningly amid the peaks above, and in a few; minutes the storm would be upon her. But Maud had no thought of leaving this suffering stranger alone. As she would have raised a hurt lamb, she raised the handsome head, and began io pass her soothing hand over the white brow. It was cowred with blood and dirt, the fair, clustering hair was all tangled and clotted, and from the bine, close-shut lips a bloody foam oozed. An unutterable pain pierced Maud's tender breast, and a pity for this un known man filled her dark eyes with tears. "He's dead," she moaned again. " Poor fellow I what shall I do for him ?" The big drops began to fall heavily, and the winds shrieked -across the gray moors like a troop of banshees. She caught the rain as it fell, and bathed his temples, smoothing back the fair hair ; and under the mesmeric touches, the current of life began to flow again. A. alow color zoss in tbemar≤«netflra, . and she felt his heart beating against her as she held him. Her tears fell like the rain, and even then she experienced a sense of wonder at the sweet joy that thrilled her. " Can you speak ? Do you hear me ? Do you suffer very much ?" Roused by the gentle voice, Sir Harry Tresli&m; opened his handsome blue eyes wide, and gazed about him with a bewil dered stare. " What's the matter ? Where am i ?" he demanded. " I think your horse muBt have thrown yon. I found you lying here. Are you very mneh hurt ?" The yonng man struggled np to his elbow, and drew his hand across hie eyes. "Yes, I remember that confounded horse of mine ran down the cliff yonder. No, I don't think I'm very muoh hurt, but the breath was knocked pretty well out of me. By Jovel My brain's in a whirl yet." He made an eflort to regain his feet, but reeled and fell again, white and sick with pain. "Confound it! I beg you pardon, madam, but the trouble's in my right ankle, I couldn't stand if I were to be shot (for it. And heavens! hark to the thunder. A terrible storm is impending. Do not linger, madam, I beg. You are very kind, but there's no need that both of us should be drenched ; run for your life to the nearest shelter." " No, I shall not leave you," was her quiet answer. Sir Harry turned and looked at her. Her black braids were all in a tumble, and dripping iike a mermaid's, her cheeks rose-red, and her black eyes shone like stars. In oil his life, he had never, he thought, looked upon a handsomer face. Despite his pain and his disagreeable condition his heart gave a little thrill of admiration. He was a passionate adorer of womanly loveliness. Utterly unconscious of his observation, Maud continued : " I shall not leave you, a stranger, and suffering as you are. i wouldn't leaveacrippled kid here in all this storm. But we can't reach the Fellside now, and therefore we must seek a nearer shelter. There's a little cave just round the ledge there, which is quite snug, aud we've no time to lose. These Highland storms are soon over, but they are severe while they last. Come now, let me help you, please. You must lean upon me. I am strong, and it won't hurt me." Sir Harry looked at her again as she passed her little yonng arm about him, a smile that was half admiration half amusement lighting his handsome eyes. He had known so many lovely, high- born ladies, and this girl, with her dark beauty and her womanly tenderness, was so un like them " Lean on me, please," she continued, clasping him close, and the touch of her strong, soft srm thrilled some fiber in the young noble's being that never touched 'him be fore. t Tt 'rt_ I— TT . — . . » J — n « ki Am 1UUOIL UU, AALTW gUUU. JUU die. JLAon shall I ever repay you for all this ?" he jmurmured, a tremor in his voi«e. " Oh, never mind, only lean on me, and let us get into the cave. " And leaning on her, almost clinging to her in his acute paiu and helplessness, he let her conduct him round the sharp cor ner of the ledge and into the little cave of which she had spoken. A curiouB place it was, walled and roofed with stone, and on one side their was a rude seat cut in the solid rock. Maud got her patient under the shelter of this sylvan roof, and seated him upon the stone seat. He looked very white and faint, and the sweat of agony stood out upon his forehead in great drops. " How good you are I" be repeated, smiling up at her a smile that lit the patri cian face with winning brightness. "What shall I ever do for you ?" . Maud laughed in answer, and her laugh was inexpressibly sweet and girlish. " No matter now ; let us Fait till the storm is over, and I'll try to think of some thing," she said, pleasantly. " Here it comes now ; we did not get under cover a minute too soon." And down the rain came in torrents, the winds shrieking amid the hills with a fury that was appalling. \-- Sir Harry watched his companion as she looked out into the wild chaos with teady, shining eyes. J. 6 n.» Jpu (tfo'wf (Ul on irCs. iiAouaJ, f .1 " Most ladies X (rave Anown TOffer'gfSB?1 fear in storms, and this one is terrible." " Yes ; but I have been used to them all my life. Indeed, I always enjoy a thunder-storm. Does your aside pain yon much ? Can I do anything for you ?" she added with a pitying glance. \- " Nothing more, thankyou. My ankle is rather painful, but I can bear it." . "The minute the storm abates youshall have help. It is hut a step from here to .Fellside." " The Fellside ! Is that your home ?" "Yes. The house is just beyond the. lira there." " And your friends will they not suffer great uneasiness on your account f " " I have no friends. I am alone." The pathos in her voice touched Sir Harry's inmost heart. " Alone, and so yonng !" ' Yes. My father and mother sleep in the little church-yard over there, and say sister — I have lost my sister." " Lost her ! 1s st e, too, dead 1" "I do not know ; she may hi," To?R- ' ing her dark eyes ful) upon him, she j added; "Do yea come from London, mil ' . "From Lo rdon ? Yes; why do you ask?" She flushed a little as she replied ' "Nothing, only I'm always fancyingthat I shall cross some one who can teU me. something of my sister. Poor little Isabel I It was in London she was lost." Sir Harry half forgets his pain la curoaity. \- " "Why, how did you lose her f X can not understand." '' She married Sir Hereford Marlowe's son. At least," she added, stammering and flushing painfully, " sbe ran away from home with him, and we've never heard of her since." The young man started up so suddenly that his ankle tingled with acute pain. " What, Arthur Marlowe? Did he marry your sister?" he cried. "Yes. Do you know him ?" "I know him well, and remember the nameyou mention. Isabel — yes-that'sit, by Jove ! Poor Arthur was continually raving about bis bride, Isabel, but his people said he was insane." " His people told falsehoods ; he married my sister. Do you know where he is now ?" ".In Paris, I believe. He is to many Lady Bianca Drisst? this autumn.' Maud's dark eyas flashed with anger. " So soon ; and my poor little sister gone and forgotten." She let her head fall, and, covering her faoe with her hands, burst into tears. Sir Harry sat and looked at her while the storm raged without, his blue eyes elo quent with pity. " Poor girl," he was thinking. "She knows so little of the great, wicked world. I suppose her sister went to London, and that maelstorm of vioe swallowed her." A sudden sound behind him changed the current of. his thoughts and , brought 3/huii toherieBt. : And then the solid stone that walled the roar of tbe cave began to more. Sir Horry's first thought was of an earthquake or some suoh impending danger, and with instinctive, manly chivalry he tottered to his feet, and threw his right arm about Maud's shoulders. She clung to him and trembled, but her black eyes watched the moving stone, and she utrered no word or cry. " Heavens above !" ejaculated Sir Harry, holding his companion still closer. "The day of doom has oome, and the dead are coming forth from their graves!" The old man emerged from the thick gloom beyond him, shading his eyes with one hand. "Here we are at last," he cried, "and in the midst of the thunder-storm, too." Catching sight of tho amazed couple who stood regarding him with distended eyes, be stopped short, and then made a courtly, old-fashioned bow. " I beg you pardon " But Maud darted past him with a swift cry, and grasped Ambrose, as he issued like a gaunt skeleton from the yawning tunnel. "Ambrose! Ambrose!" she panted, " what does this mean ?" " Wait a minute," he faltered, "and yon shall know. I'm weak——" His voice failed, and before he could reach the stone seat he fell prostrate in a swoon. Maud, forgetful for the moment of Sir Harry aud his injuries, flew to him and raised his head. " Poor Ambrose ! Why, he looks as if he had been dead and buried," she cried, smoothing back the hair from his hag gard face. "What can have happened to him?" " He has been buried, though not quite dead," King Lear mtide answer, toucuing a secret spring as he spoke, which sent the great stone back into ite plaoe, "down in the dungeon baneath the old manor. It was a lucky thing I saw him go down, for I take it, sir," bowing to Sir Harry, " I'm the only man alive who konws the secret of this underground passage." 1 ' Underground passage is it ? And who the deuce are you ?" The old man laughed and stroked his frosty beard. "You stare at me as if I were a ghost." "A ghostatfirstsight Icertainly thought you. I should take you for a Trevethon now. You look like tbe old Trevethon portraits at Lyndith HalL By Jove, you must be the long missing Sir Arthur." Bnt the old man shook his silvered head. "Nay, I am not Sir Arthur. I am only King Lear." "King Lear?" " Yes ; they call me King Lear at Moreton House. A good enough name, isn't it ? And you, sir, what may your name be ?" "Tnsham." " Ah 1 A sterling old name. And you visit Lyndith Hall ?" " Quite often." " How does the old place look ? Going to ruins, isn't it ?' " Ruins, indeed ? Sir Geoffrey had it repaired a year or so ago, and it looks like a palace." "Sir Geoffrey? What manner of man is he ?" " A very pleasant gentleman." The old man laughed till the cave rang with shrill echoes. " Sir Geoffrey ! Well, this is a qneer world. I'll get back to Moreton Honse and stay there, I believe. Why should I, care ? Only for the boy's sake. Do you happen to bow, sir, if Sir Geoffrey has a eon?" " He's a madmao,"thought Sir Arthur, " the same paraon, without doubt, thai Miss Trevethon saw at the Haunted Manor. Yet, how like the Trevethon'e he looks." "Yes, Sir Geoffrey has a son,' he an swered, aloud. "A son!" There waB unutterable sor row in his voice. "Do you know his same " Tea ; it ia Richmond." A cry of pain broke from (he old man's lips, and then his thrill laughter rang out again. what they aayof me. X aim's -madman. I'll get back to Moreton House, and die there. I've lost my \ place in the world." He turned swiftly, and passing ont at the door of the oave, disappeared in ths wild, whirling storm. CHAPTER XXIV. THS DEiO icur's gTOHY. Sir Harry lay at the Fellside Farm-Bocse, unable to lift bis head from tbe'f ragrant white pillow to which Maud had consigned it; his injuries having turned out to be much mure serious that -any one had apprehended. " You oannof be moved, sir, and you'll not stir out of this honse for weeks to come. That ankle is an ugly fracture, aqd you've some internal injury in the bargain. ' The least exertion now might cost yon your life." That was Dr. Nngeht'e verdict. Hearing it, poor fiir Harry groaned aloud. : ."'Tie too confounded bad) Why, I'd give half I'm worth to get to London to- day, and here I must lie like a. log. Well, air," turning to' Ambrose, "Jf - ihereh ho help for 5i> I igusVbeg you to go in my place. "I'll go, sir." " Very well ; and take that marvellous document with you. You eay vou found it in the skeleton'e hand, and tbere'e a ring « 4he finger f " " That is what I said, sir." Sir Harry looked np at the young High, lander's handsome, grave face, with a sort «6 curious. wonder. ' What possessed you to go down into that dungeon ?" he asked. "I had heard of the mystery of Black Hol low Grange." "And you set to work to clear it up Well, you took the job out of my hands. A day later, and I Bhonld have done the same thing that you have done. No matter since tbe riddle is solved. Mr. Gerhaft, did you ever hear of Hiss Lenore Trevethon?" ' " The daughter of the missing baronet f Yes, she married Sir Geoffrey's son, and went abroad. I saw the account in the papers." " Precisely. Now, Mr. Gerhart, I beg that you won't ask me a question, but only have the kindness to do ,'as I tell yon. There's a secret in this matter, which I am bound in honor not to betray, yon understand f " «' I understand, air. What would you like aie to do J" " Take the paper— (Heavens, what a stir it will make among the aristocracy of Lon- dun ; I must be there to eee), Mr. Gerhart, and go to No. — 6t. John's Wood. There is a lady there— I can't give her name ; that's where the secret comes in, you see. Ill tell this mcch — she's vitally concerned in these discoveries. You must see her, and ehuw her the paper before you submit it to any one else." Ambrose shrugged his shapely shoulders. " Bather a blindfold sort of errand, I should say, bit," he replied. " For whom shall I ask, if I'm not to know the lady's name !" "I'll write a notejand seal it, and you shall send it ap to her." "Very well. You look like a man of honor, writ© tbe note &ud; X frill do us you twisb, though I must confess I am not pafidcularly pleased with the errand." Sir Haroy with much pun and difficulty wrote the note, .signed ana sealed it. and directed it to " The Lady on the first floor front, No. — St. John's Wood." With this letter in his possession, Am- brose, tall and gaunt from his late sufferings journeyed down to London. ' He took a cab at the depot and drove direct to St. John s Wood, reaching tbe un pretending dwelling which bore tbe desig nated number a little before sunset. The hostess herself received him in her small sittingroom, and took charge of too note. There was a lady on the first floor, front ; she would take it up to her. Ambrose sat down and waited, the yellow leaves, which had been hidden for so many years iu the black dungeon, rising and fai. ling with every beat of his impatient heart. Five, ten minutes ; and then there came light step and the rnstle of a woman's gar- ments. The door opened, aud Ambrose rose to bis feet. " I beg yonr pardon, madam, for this in trusion—" he began, but at Bight of hex fact tbe words died on his lips. He stood and stared like one who sees an apparition. He stood face to face with tht woman for whose sake be had once risked his life, the woman he loved I For one minute Miss Trevethon lost bet imperial self-control. The hot blood surged to ber temples, her clear eyes fell, hei heart heaved with great, suffocating throbs ; but in the next she was her own queenly self. She advanced to meet ber visitor, extend ing one elender white hand. " I am glad to Bee you, Mr. Gerhart," she eaid. ' Sir Harry failed to mention yonr name in the note, and meeting you so sud denly surprised me. You are well J" " I am well; thank you," answered Am brose, accepting tbe seat she offeredj and setting hie teeth hard to keep down his emo tion. If it cost him his life, she should not see bow the sight of her loveliness moved him. Sbe drew aseat in front of him, and folded her graceful hands. " Poor Sir Harry has met ;with an acci- dent?" she went on. "I hope it is nothing serious." " She loves him," thought Ambrose ; ."and he her. What a fool I was to be decoyedinto coming here." "Nothing serious," be answered alond ; " only a painful fracture, which forces him to keep quiet." " And it waa all for me. Poor, kind Sir Henry I" She wrung her lovely hands, and Ambrose bit hie lips in an agony of jealous rage. He tells me," she continued, after a minute, " that you have been making come very wonderful discoveries at ithe Haunted Grange ?" Ambrose rose abruptly, and drew the roll of yellow paper from his breast. "I have been down in the dungeon aeain," he blurted out, " and I found a skeleton. These papers were in its bandB, and there was a diamond ring upon its finger. The papers I brought away, the ring I left un touched." Miss Trevethon half rose, her face the hue of death, her limbs shaking under her, but sauk back again, unable to articulate a word. Sir Harry Tresham insisted that I should bring the papers here and show them to you first, and here they are," continued the young man, laying them on the table beside her. She looked at them, shuddering from head to foot. " A skeleton — a skeleton down in that awful place J Oh, my poor murdered lather 1" Ambrose gave a great start. " Good heavens i"he cried, you don't mean to say " But, checking himself, he stopped short, leaving the question unasked. Still trembling in every limb, still death- white, Lenore took .up the yellow roll, and smoothed out its discolored pages. The firat was dated some years back, and ran as follows . " 1, Arthur Trevethon, do leave this, my last charge and testimony, hoping that by some chance It may one day come to the eyes of the world. I am down in this dungeon beneath the manor, mangled 'and dying. I -was forced through the trap-door, which opens from ths anteroom which adjoins .the library, by a man who came to me professing to be my cousin. Sir Gaofirey Trevethon, the late baronet's son and heir- This man is strangely iike Sir Geoffrey. Moreorer, he has ample proofs of his identity, bni he is an impostor, nevertheless. I told aim so whan he came to me as I sat in the library on the night previous to my return to Bondon. "Ke grew livid with guilt and rage, and seizing me bodily, forced me into the anteroom, and through the secret door. ' Now betray rue, if yon can 1" were his last words to me, I felL " l am writing tins, in the thick darkness, on the leaves my diary. The chill of" death ia al ready at my heart. I shall never see the light againr-smveraeeths faces of my dear wife and know; bnt heaven's justice Will surely bring this foul did to light. By some chance my fate will he made known to the world, and this paper, which I am writing in darkness, and in —.frOS agony, will he found. And to him who finds it, I give my charge. Avenge my murder, and right this great wrong. The man who <a'ls i,iw.w«iv " Geoflrey Trevethon is a base impostor. The true Sir Geoffrey will come one day and <-1 his own, "I can write no more. My hand frill, and death comes to set me free. Ny d— wife, . farewell. Lenore, my little mLU yog live, do not disregard -your poor, fond father's will When your' Cousin . Bichmonj comes, you will ratify your childish betrothal, and become hii wife; andmay the Al mighty Father Veaa and prosper my daughter bar husband, to bb continued.) . The Chinese believedTvben telegraphy Wti introduced into their country, that foreigner! cut out the tongues of children and suspended I them on the innfiiirinry from pole to pole. ' ji '-y? Birds "differ very much in the heights to which they commonly ascend. The condor, Inigest of vultures and of all flying birds, Hal been observed aoaripg over 29,000 feet, or about . five unlet and half aborfl Zero) 