Tli© Story teUer. | THE RECTOB'S DAUGHTER, j (ContintUd from [Wednesday's ,i$8iie.) i ' . CHABTEK V.— (Continued.} -( I never thought ot its being halt so useful, papa.' is the placid reply. 'And really, if it: is sot ajar, you must admit tbat.it has created one,' she adds, 'with si winning little laugh ttikt goes a long -way towards softening this gentle men's anger towards her. Somehow* it is impossible to be £ngry.s with the child, Mr. Dprn decides, . a sadden likeness to her dead mother striking him with over* whelming force. She is very like the poor little woman upon whom, according io the opinion of the world, Mr. Dorn threw himself go completely «way in that second marriage of his; the second Mr& Dorn having neither money rior family— nothing, in fact, but her sweet face, her ready wit and winsome wayB, to reoominendiier, bot to whose memory he is* still as faithfalaa he was dating her life. ' There is a prevailing idea that every man ismaster.of his own harem, I believe,' the gentleman muses, as Josie, setting his com mands at defiance, takes her pet in her arms and marches off to her room in triumph ; ' and tbat yoong ladies have no other will than that of their parents ; but it strikes me very forcibly that there are quite as many wills in my house as there are daughters, and that if anybody's will is paramount it iB Josie'sl, Well, .well,' he goes on, his displeasure beginning to eabside, 'I suppose it 13 more my fault, than anything. I always did spoil the child ; but, full of whims and fanoies be Bhe always has been, I really do not understand this extraordinary fancy of hers for that misohievous little brute of a kitten she has taken to petting of late I' How Is he to know that it is to tbiB despised little animal that Josie owes the one adventure of her life—the one poor little romance, to the memory of which she still clings and dreams, after the foolish Tomantic fashion in whioh girls do dream'of. such things, and somehow it is of the strong, bearded face of the mysterious stranger whom she has never since beheld, whom she never will behold again, that Josie. is thinking with & curious little sigh that surprises herself, as she stands one particular evening, looking out on the frost-bound roadB, and upon the hoar frost glittering like a plentiful sprinkl ing of diamond-dust upon the lawns, and upon le&llcss; twigs in the brown hedgerows, and upon the Bt&rk; rose-bushes and deuse evergreens reaching up to the quaint parsonage windows. Further off, beyond the river, the Gline woods are teddening.in the crimson light of tbe Betting sun, that is beginning to gild the many windows of the rambling old house at St. Cutbbert's Best, the twisted gables and chimney stacks of which are showing up in vivid relief against the dark background of the fir planta tion beyond, and to which Josie, who is in need of some fir-cones to finish a piece of rustic work on which she is engaged, is gravely- meditating tbe possibility of walking over before dinner. The best fir-cones come from that particular plantation ; but it is probable that a widely different motive may have something to do with Miss Josie Dorn's recent fancy for strolling in the directton of the Best, the mysterious owner of which is exciting a vast amount of speculation still. In fact, the mystery that envelopes him has rather deepened than otherwise during the past week, sot one of the many efforts made to catch a glimpse of him or his equally mysterious companion having been successful. Even the Bev. James *Muir had failed to gain admittance, and who, on making his pro posed visit, found the outer gate fast locked and secured, and no notice whatever, taken of hiB summons at the rusty old bell-pull. Peter Willis does tbe household marketing, driving over once or twice a-weck in a light cart from the village, with such supplies as the small household requires, and who, on finding himself rather hardly pressed on the subjeot of the inhabitants of tbe Rest, drops an unmis takably broad bint that Mr. Jondt desires as little as possible of bis neighbours' society the, feminine portion in particular. In fact, from what Josie can make out, it is a clear case of nobody wanted, and Jarijes strictly forbidden. -( The poor man must have suffered some dreadful injury at tbe hands of our perfidious sex at some period or other of biB life, I expect,' 6he remarks to herself, as, armed with a basket tihe swings the gate behind her, and sets out in the direction of the fir-copse ; 4 or it may be that he thinks theladiesof Byehurstare inclined to be too pressingly eager in their anxiety for the honour of being mistress of the Best, with the many advantages of ghosts, bats and mil dew. ' What a monster of conceit the man must be, and how I should like to know what he looks like,' she pursues. ' I wonder if he ever walks in tho grounds, or looks out of the window like common mortals, and if so, whether any daring intruder would be totally annihilated for venturing to look over the wall on sucb an occasion.' And crushing the frozen twigs under foot, : Josie, who has crossed the old bridge that spans the river, walks on under the boundary-wall enclosing the ground* belonging to the Rest — a high brick-wall, with a great mass of ivy overhaoging tho top, and which shuts in every thing but the quaint roof of tbe old house, and the upper rows of windows that glow redder and tedder tbe lower the sun sinks. There is very little sign of human life or habi tation about the place she observes, as, walking slowly along past the rusty old iron gate, she glances up the weedy avenue that reveals a glimpse of a flight of moss-grown steps and a weather-stained door that looks as though it had never been opened for a century. How still and quiet the place looks, she thinks, wonder ing iu which part of the ' mouldy old mansion the mysterious tenants have taken up their quarters, a question there is not so much as the faintest curl of smoke from any of the twisted old chimney-stacks to answer. Evidently her curiosity is not to be gratified ; the ogre is invisible as usual; and passing around to the fir-copse, Josie fills her basket with a choice collection of cones, and then, as the sun begins to sink, and the shadows more rapidly to lengthen, sets out by the nearest route for home — a route that begins with a long narrow lane overhung with tall trees, and that ends at a high stile tbat gives upon tbe Byehurst road. A point at which the girl is brought to a tfudden halt by the sound of a low dismal groan . tbat might have come from the regions' of tbe lost from the sound of it, and Josie, startled and surprised, stands quite still in tbe dim light peering eagerly around. Nothing is to be 6een, however, although the groan is followed by a succession of similar sounds, until Josie, who is trying to persuade herself that she is not in the leant alarmed, happens to glance to tbe other side of the stile, where something, that looks (ike a mass of drapery, is lying in a tumbled heap. A woman, evidently of gigantic stature, lies there helpless and completely prostrate among the dry leaves and bushes ; and on taking a step nearer, Josie is still further surprised by the apparition -of a woolly head and tbe blackest of black faces. ' Oh ! laws, missie, I's killed — I's killed ^ en tirely J' the wpolly head reraar-Ve ; and a pair of big dark eyes look up iftto her face ae if the meeting were one of the most ordinary things in the woird. \ . - 41 1 am very sorry ! How did it happen ?' 1 the girl inquires, a sudden pity taking the place of her very natural surprise- at the singular apparition of a woman of such unusual colour find proportions lying prone on the ground in a ?luiet Byehurst lane. ' I'e tumbled off from tbe stile, missive : and ?pears to 'me, chile, as if my back is clar broke.' _ ' Oh ! I hope it is not so bad as that. But perhaps I can help you up and Bpringing over tbe stile, Mise Dom 6toops down and kindly endeavours to assist the woman to rise. A.nact which seems to strike her as so ridicalous that Bhe stops her lamentations to indulge in a laugh that shakes her fat sides like & small .earth quake. ' ' Oh ! lor mi6sie,' Bhe gasps, at last, wiping the teais off her -black face, ' you's berry good and kind, but what you tink you can do to help me ? You 'minds me ot a lamb trying to poll Bp .a fallen el^hant ? .1 should crash you to death, obile, if I tumbled' over on - ye. ^Wfaat strength you tink der am in dem My hanflsp* yourn ? But mebbB .1 can get up ? myself, once t can make .out how many; bones -X'S; broke I' ' ** Bat who are yon ?. . What were you dolng^ And do you live far from liere ?' J6sie inquires. v Not berry far, missie ; and I was jest lookv ing for a tew yarbs to n^akefc Utile ya-ib-tea to cure the rheumatism in these yer tild hopes, ? and den I tumble off from tie stile, clar from de top, too; mostshfikende breath ;out of me. But m ebb el catt walk oncel can get up !'attd with : a ti almost 'superhuman; exertion, .the spealer struggles up to her feet, and stands in all' her I magnificent proportions holding on to the stile. ' Take care, tarissie,' she remarks, shaking her head with a warning gesture ; *' keep 'way from me, or I'll crush you outright If I comes down top of you. I's mighty awkward sinoe Fs got so fat. I used to he Bprig enough, but 1 1 guess I's gettin' old dese days.' 1 ' I hope you are not so badly hurt after all,' Josie „ remarks, booking at her 'in amazement, and thinking what a splendid model she would make for some African queen. . ' Oh, : lor', honey, 'deed now, but I's hart, and der's dat pain in my back again. 'Peed now, but I believe I's killed outright ! , ' Impossible, Mammy 1 I'll bet my bottom dollar you are worth a dozen dead ones yet awhile 1 But what has happened ?' exclaims a rich, cultivated, masculine voice she remem bers to have heard before, and turning sharply round, Josie looks up into the grave bearded face of her acquaintance of the rivet bank. CHAPTER VI. 11 Pardon me 1 I was not aware that Mammy had been so fortunate as to find a friend,' and lifting his hat with the quiet, unaffected grace Josie remembers as one of the leading charac teristics of her unknown hero, the speaker stands looking at her in evidently as much surprise at the encounter as his sudden appear ance has caused lir. Taken separately, there is nothing so wonder fully striking either in the strong-bearded face, the lithe, but powerfully-built figure, or tbe careless comfort of the soft felt hat and loosely 1 fitting gray suit in which he is clad ; but the tout eneemblc, that is in such refreshing con trast to anything masculine Byehurst has 'ever produced, strikes her sb the very perfection of manly grace, freedom, dignity, and self-posses* sion— a dignity that owes nothing to adventi tious aid. Tbe stranger, whoever he i«j, is pre cisely one of those men on whom Nature has stamped'her patent of nobility, so plainly* that his claim to the title of a gentleman is incon testable everywhere and under every circum stance. ' I am very muoh indebted to your kind ness,' he adds, with a glance at the slender arm that is doing its best to support the gigantic figure of the negress ; ,c but Mammy's weight, I am sure, is altogether beyond your power. I am very muoh better able to help her than you. Allow me to relievo you.' 'Ah ! dat's so, my chile 1' Mammy exclaims with a sigh, as she transfers her arm from Jesie's to the stronger one held out to help her. ' I's bin tellin' de young missie dat I's clean safe to crush hor to death if I falls over on to de top of her. I's mighty awkard 1' (- Bather a poor return for the young lady's kindness, Mammy. We must take care to pre vent any such calamity occurring. And so you contrived to fall off the stile, eh ?' he adds, as Mammy gives a rather incoherent explanation of her accident. ' But you are not much hurt after all, I hope. Tell mc if I walk too fast for you ?' Have you far to tike her ?' Josie inquires, and who, picking up Mammy's bonnet, basket, and one or two other small effects, follows in attendance. 11 Oh, no 1 Only over to the old house yonder. But we can go in through tbe little door in the wall ; it shortens tbe distance considerably. Fortunately, I happen to have the key in my pocket. May I increase my obligation to you by asking you to open it for us ?' he asks, as freeing one hand, he takes a small brass key from his pocket, and offers it to ber. ' Do you mean the Best ?' Josie inquires, looking at the speaker in astonishment. ' Why I understood there was no one living there but that veiled Prophet of Khorassan, the mysterious Mr. Jont-t, who people say is a complete ogre, and bis equally mysterious companion, Madame Flora— some poor lady whom he keeps away from mortal eyes with the jealousy of a Bluebeard.' ' Ib that the character they give him ?' tbe gentleman returns, with a smile that reveals a very handfiome set of white teeth. 14 What a reliable thing' public report is ! That it has made black white, vice virtue, and the two vice versa, before now, I was fully aware ; but I cer tainly did not think it capable of creating a heroine of romance out of Mammy. Allow me to make you acquainted with this persecuted being,' be adds, with a glance at the black woman, whose face is shining all over with the broadest of grins. *' This is Madam, or rather Mammy Flora — a model of all womanly beauty and goodness done in bronze.' ' What ! the mysterious Madame Flora there has been so much speculation about ?' Josie returns, stopping dead short in the middle of the path, along which the dry leaves are begin ning to rustle in the wind. ' Are you really Mr. Jon6t'e ? ' »* Housekeeper,' the gentleman interposes, seeing that the girl is hesitating for a word. ''Yes, Mammy has the honour of filling that exalted post. But you are not going hack, surely, after accompanying us so far, without coming to the house for a few moments ? It is but a few steps,' he remarks, as Miss Dorn, having unlocked the little gate, stands aside to pillow them to pass. ' You will not tell Mr. Jon&t; what I said of him, then ?' she laughs, half inclined to refase the invitation, much as her curiosity prompts her to avail herself of this unexpected opportu nity of penetrating the mystery of the Best and its occupants. . Not for worlds, it might hurt his feelings ; besides, when you see him, you may form a more favourable opinion of him — that is, sup posing you have not seen him.' ' Oh, no ; I have not the remotest idea of what he is like ' Josie replies ; 41 nor did I know that I was speaking to a friend of Mr. Jonet's : to tell the truth, from the impression Peter Willis has created of bim, I did not suppose be ever indulged in any such weakness as friend ship. Bat perhaps he is not so crusty and unsociable as people say he is.1' 44 Not knowing precisely how crusty and un sociable people represent him, I am unable to say But I think I can promise that he will not play the bear to you.' 41 Are you sure of that?' she asks, a little doubtfully. ' I thought Mr. Jonet very much objected to visitors of any kind, and that he had a particular dislike to women. 16 it true ?' ** Depends a good deal on tbe sort of women, I should «ay,' was the quiet reply, 41 Some of them he finds trying enough, I don't doubt.' *' Are you sure it is not my sort?' she asks. ' Quite sure,' he replies, an amused light in the sympathetic brown eyes with which he turns to read the fair girlish face at his side. 44 But pardon roe young lady.' he adds, as tbey pause in front of a door leading into the back part of the house, through some of tbe windows of which a glow of firelight shines out from a room on the ground-floor, 41 1 must not inveigle you into my house under false pretences. I am Bobert Jonet, very much at your service.' Robert Jon&t; 1 Had he announced himself as Pope of Borne or Emperor of . all the Bussias tbe effect ^ould hardly have been more electric. '?Your' she says at last, her powers of epeech beginning io return. ' Oh I Mr. Jondt, pray forgive me; I did not know— indeed, I did not suspect.' 4' I know it. It is I who stand in need of forgiveness if anybody does. I might have an nounced my identity before. And I suppose I have deserved all the hard things my neigh boors have been saying of me by my unsocia bility. But it was not out of any want of respect for tbe good people of Byehurst that I have made such a recluse of myself, I assure you. I came here for the sake of rest and quiet, and it nevet occurred to me that I was a person of sufficient importance to exeite so' much attention. But you have not told me yet whose acquaintance it is I have had the honour of making,' he adds. ' I am Josephine Dorn/* she says, simply } *4 the rector's youngest diughter. We under stood that youwereqoite a refuse,; Mr. Jon^t, or papa would bare jbeen p!qased4o m&ke; your acquaintance. Mr. Muir, that ispapaVcurate, you know, did calj upon you a few days . sinoe, I believe, but asjhe found your igate so securely faSteD&d;, aud-hp noticestaken of his riugs, he oame away with the firm ^conviction that you were determined. to-keep tyqur -neigUbours at arm's length $ an'dsoi under the circumstances, we thought it best to leave you to your solitude. I don't know whether' you would cate'. very, muoh for fttoes-Muir's acquaintance. He is a very good young young man ; but there is boihing.in him £p.far.as Ihaye ever been able to discover. * However tired you may be of your,own society . it's generally .preferable to James MuirV,- JBut 'IJthtnk you 'would like papa/' Josie proceeds, h^r eyes fixed., with a 1 thoughtful expression oh, the faoe of her hoBt, I who, having deposited Mammy in a chair in front of the fire, places another for his visitor on the opposite Bide of the hearth, with as much courtly grace as if it were a palace he was doing the honours of instead of the bare kitchen, with a clean scrnbbed deal table and floor, and a few chairs and kitchen utensils, in strict keeping with the bomely appearance of tbe apartment. 41 1 am very sorry Mr. Jonfit replies ; 44 the incivility was quite unintentional on my part, believe me.' , Expecting no visitors, l nover thought to unlock the gate, and Mammy, who is rather deaf at times, did not hear his ring, I presume, or she would have answered it. But you have not told me yet how our mutual ac anfi.intn.nGA of tho Alinp ants on. or have vou tired of your protegh and turned him adrift?' he adds, referring for the first time to their previous meeting. : - ' : 4'4 You mean Sambo. Oh ! no, he is still at the parsonage, and looks as black and sleek as possible. I would not lose him for anything ; I set great store by poor Sam, I assure you,' Josie replies, with a frank, child-like candour tbat is entirely undisturbed by a doubt as to whether she might not be sinning againBt the canons of propriety in talking so freely to a perfect stranger. *' You may lay the flattering unction to your soul, Mr. Jon6t, that you did not encounter. that memorable wetting of yours for an unworthy objcct,,for Sam is certainly the most gentle, intelligent brute that ever lived. But cannot I do something for Mammy before I go ?' she asks, with a compassionate glance at the coloured woman, who is swaying herself to and fro in her chair. ' I am afraid she is shaken a good deal.' 44 Nothing, unless —I am half ashamed to impose so far on .your good nature,' he adds, looking at her in perplexity—' you could stay here with her a little time, just while I ride ovor to the village for a doctor. I suppoBe there is a doctor in Byehurst. But not if you think your friends will be in the slightest degree anxious at your absence, Miss Dorn.' I can stay nobody ever alarms themselves about me, Mr. Jonet,' Josie replies; 14 besides, it will not take you long to fetch Dr. Thorn, he fcT&i; quite at this end of the village, in the little brick bouse with the shrubbery in front of it.' 4 ? 'Deed now, Massa Bobert,' Mammy inter poses ; t% but I's n t half bad 'nough for a doctor. And la 6ake ! what does yer English doctors know about physicing coloured folk ? Can't be 'spected no ways. I guess ole Mammy knows how to doctor herself well 'nough, spe cially if she can find soms good yarbs. But In sakes 1 der ain't nuffin in dis yer heathen country. I's been out all the blessed afternoon spearin about in the hedges and grass after a sprig or. two of boneset or catnip ; and it 'pears to me as if der ain't no sich thing as catnip or boneset in this yer benighted place. I'e s'prised to think as ever these yer ignorant English con tinues to pull through their cjlds and rheu matism at all, with no catnip and boneset to dose 'em.' 44 It is rather surprising, certainly,' Mr. Jon£t agrees. 'But aa Miss Dorn is kind enough to stay here with you a little while, I will go and fetch the dootor over to look at you, and see if he can't hit upon some sort of substi tute for catnip and boneset. But this is no place for Miss Dorn, Mammy,' he adds, with an uneasy glance around tne homely kitchen. 14 Let me take you both into my room. St. Cuthbert's Best has very little to boast cf in the way of comfort and luxury, I atn aware; but you will certainly be more comfortable there than here,' he - dds, addressing Josie, who followed the speaker and the coloured woman into a long matted passage that leads from the kitchen to a lar^e, handsomely furnished apartment that seems to be half parlour, half study, and that is lighted by three long, pointed windows on one side that look out on a broken sun-dial standing in the midst of what at somo remote period must have been an emerald sweep of lawn and a tangled growth of shrubbery, the whole bounded by the dark tops of the Jir-coppice, from which the last red ray of the sunset is paling out. The whole length of the opposite wall is covered with book-cases of black walnut that reach from floor to ceiling, and that are filled with volumes, on the backs of which Josie's first glance singles out the names of Dickens, Thackeray, and several of the favourite poets, At one end of the room stands a piano; the rest of the furniture consists of % lounge and several lavge eaey-chaira, an esoritoire, and a large library-table, littered with what looks like a hopeless confusion of blotting-paper, writing materials, and foolscap, written and unwritten, scattered about among books 'and magazines, and scraps of paper, on which notes have evidently been clappcd down at random in some fits of inspiration by the owner. A handsome silver-gray fox, fastened by a slender chain to the leg of the table, is curled up on the thick, soft fur rug before the fire ; and on the walls hang several pictures that hold the girl's attention in a spell of pleased surprise. {To be continued in Wednesday'* iesue.) 