MRS. BIXBY'S PLAN. 3ri, isLxby lived on a plear.rot stiet in ai de-irahIle houe', aund. from out ward :appe:uantie. wat as woman toi be enrivied, blut the truth war. shbe ha:I *'keleton' int the f;umiy closet. which during thle score of year- of her wedded life, she had urded guarel jes l oituly that net even her nearest nieighblollr knew of its existence. Candour compels lire to say that it was not there by her wish. but solely heenuse her lnlhaind pilled it. Now Mr. Bixby. uut-ide of his homec. was a model liat,ri respected by hii f-i. !cw-citizens. w:as a member of the church, and a. Sabbahth-school teacher. -c generally wore a smile. ypoke plea santly to a passing frieulnd, wa fond of clildren, ;and every one spposed lihe n:LS4 a happy lman. t was only in his home tlhat. hlie ared to anlloy his wife. rby his strange devotion at times to that skeleton, and the ote.a?sioils oii wliich he blought it forth and rattled its bones were of the roost. trilinug charace ter-na button missing, : mini?laid paper. or brn?k-fast five minuntes late, would oftenntmres drive him to hold, ileint companionshipl with thel inlcuny thilng for weeks together, until it reallyt ctenl ed to Mrs. Bisxy that lie would forget rtheo use of his tongue. in her presenceu altogether, For the fir.st unouthl of he r irmarriage shIel hd been patient, and thought his business troubled hhn : then litter conl cluded hi, liver was out of order, for which she madeo various teas of herbs, for his relief, and kindly persuaded hint to try, only to fi:tnd her entreaties met with sullen siletre,. while her medicines werl prniaptly pitched out if doeos. In rvan hadil she pleadeld. reasoned. and wept, trying to indtuce h]int to git'e upi this strange companiron. hiait made her so unhapply: he ignored all her wishes. andil clung to it the il'l'r,. nlt even Ills favourite dishiu, which hlie cooked, and of which he ate. would hlure him away. until he himself wrourl we:nir of it for the time. and conrdescrend in ioe :hnniable olne more. Sometimt es: a the dlays wrould glide Iby into weeks. Mrs. Bix-r would fondly hope that her husband wouldl forget its very exi telce. But. ala'.- one morning the 'closet door" had been open, and the skeleton war dIragged forth with all its hone-. liecau-e Mr. lBihby hIla a grie'lnce. It was ;a hole in hii plocket. as hei informed "'Ir,. Biisxby," whieh had been there rie whole week. and Ire had sundry rcoins in his hoot, and lie sarcastiedlly remarked thait .he problxably would not ear, if his iocket-book fell through eventually. She vainly tried to explain thiat it. was impossiible for her to know the state of his pockets :ll the tittle, and it was ris duty as sole guardiain of them to relport to her when thev needled re pairs; and. tlhinkiong of the injustice of the elarge, she added. that, the loss oif all his money iade no Iparticular difference to her. a- she was niever al lotted anyi. .\s "utnal be retorted by accusing her .d never caring for hiul. ite doiug "ny-iltiug for hi, comfort. anol forthwith lihe emlraeed his Ifaivorite framework. :and olcnlhafed no hnortr words to her. .After he left the house. and liher lnririn ing's work was done, 31r,. Ilixly seated herself in her low rocker. deternibied, if possible, to plan :a way to get rid of this destroyer of her domnestic peace, or know the reason why. It sieenwd to her that .sho laId tried crerythiing but one, and that ws starvan-tion. which nwas ralher a paraldoxical proceeding: still a. man's heart wais quite often slnt ed near his digestion, and so. havnring duly. provided supplies for lihrelf. itI nase of a prolonged si?e. she alnmly awaited results. HIer husband was a puncturtal unin. so. when at the last stroke of twelve fronm ihe townr clock lie entered the door. ther look of blank surprise which lie cast upon his wife., so busily reading, aid the unset table, was amusing: Ire evell put ILis hiand upon the stove beforeo ihe could beliere it was cold. Could Mrs. Bixby be illt There wira too unnch colour in her frce for that. "Well, le thought. "she is angry because I said a few words to her this morning. 1 don't. care: I will ear up all the pie," 'lich he pIronmptly did. mid departed w thout speaking. sure that his wife would forgive as itn time past, ind hare a warm srtuper for inhu at night. In fait.,. he clame home earlier than usual. Lbll alas, the holn e was still cheerless; no savoury viands alld ino fire. Ae wai glad to find I: cold rem nant of l;un and a, hisuit that was past its youth. Still. lie kept silence. mid held his skeleton all the closer. hITs sleep -ur-I fitful. and loing before 3ay lre wans awake. nud wondering howr Iong Olin could lire o br-ea md ad water. Io entered a. store on his way to Ihs office aud bought a itpotud of biscuits, carelessly remarking he would take ,them with himi. but he found they made a very poor subst-ittce for the warm rolls, fragrant coffee and eggs with which his table was often covered. He could not attend to his work until Ie had done some thinking, realiinig as he had neverdonoubefore how much of his comfort he owed to Mrs. Bixby's loving care. Ervert now his heaId ached. Howr often she had bathed it for him. mad when he had. the fever, how many alights she was sleepless totr 'is sake. Oh, how hungry hIe felt: Yes, hIris wife was a good cook, rather hbetter, hie was sure. than Ids mother-of course he hId been : tlyrant; oh. if Mrs. Bixhv would only forgive him. hIe would s.howv her howr kind he could be. Why. he just hated that gruesome thing that had made her so unhappy. lie felt so faint, he guessed ]le would go homne; it was only ten. bIut Ire would stop at the market ard get a clickenl ;lnd a bushel of sweet potatoes-yes. adl a dozen of orages for hIris wife, bIecause Ibhe loved them so. What was money to a starring anon, anoyway? Oh. his wife shouil see that he trusted her: bhe shoild have the pokekt-book toi carry, and he would not hold himself responsible for the holes in her pockets. In short,hedid dll he thlought he would, and while his forgiving companion pre iared dinner, he buried the skeleoton no deep that not even its ghost vcrer haunted them, and although he ate so muchi tLt he was ill, lie recovered through her loving core, and they lived happy for many years; and when the village youths were wed everyone would ay " Mrn your life be as goynois as the Bixbv'5 1' Death to those wrho die is always sud ilen, to those who mourn is always pre- 1 mattre. t If thero bhe anught urpassing human i ifeed or *or- or thought, it is a I2othor'e la G a 