A CHRISTMAS CONSPIRACY. It was just a week before Christmas. Four boys and two girls were playing on the lawn of a fashionable house, in old Englaud. They were a merry party, as children generally are. The eldest was a boy about IS years old, a merry frolicsome youth with dancing blue eyes, which told that the owner was a lover of mischief. His name was Frank Dean. A fair haired little fellow, who could not have passed his 12th summer, was his brother Bertie, and was always ready to second Frank when mischief was in the air. The other two boys whose names were Charlie and Willie, were schoolmate who had been invited .to spend Christmas with the Deans. The two giris were Mary and Caroline Dean. .They were golden haired Uttl* girls, and almost. always joined in the pranks which Frank invented, and which very frequently ended in woe-for all the little rebels. Mr. and Mrs. Dean were to have a party at their house on Christmas eve, and the children felt very happy in picturing to themselves the many presents they would receive, and the good time they would have. Naturally they were contented with themselves and the world at'large. But Frank, who thought the happy season would not pass off success- fully if they did not play a practical joke on someone, was forming in his mind what this joke should be, and who should ba tho victim. So attempting to look serious, and in a thoughtful manner as if he bad been asking somo grave question, he addressed his comrades. » " I say you chaps, do you not think we ought to play a lark on someone ? could we not play tho ghost for instance ?" " Hurrah," cried Willie and Charlie turning somerstialts on the lawn in a transport of wicked glee. " A capital idea," cried Bertie clapping his hands joyfully. "We witt, we will," cried Mary and Caroline in one voice/just as quick to catch the wicked idea as the rest. "What should you say if we played the ghost on old Widgers?'! . "Just .the thing," cried Bertie breath- lessly. . " You -remember it was ho who [ told Pa tho story of the young plants." "Yes, yes," exclaimed Frank, a gleam of revenge flashing into his;eyes. "The tell- tale old knave, who caused the three days' imprisonment in our-room on the scanty allowance of porridge, and we agreed to pay him back some day," he ended solemnly. "And," cried Caroline, "he told on us too." "Well," said Frank, "suppose we all dress up in black and whito about S o'clock on the night before Christmas Eve, go down and tap old Widger's window." " Of course he will come out to see what is the matter," chimed in Bertie., " And then," said Mary, *. he will see the ghosts," and the merry party burst out laughing, quite pleased with the wicked invention. _ " Bnt," said Caroline in a business like tone " bow are we to get the clothes ?" *' Oh," said Frank scratching his curly pate, and a perplexed look crossed over the laces of the party, at this difficulty. " I havo it, I have it/' exclaimed Mary joyfully. " There are Eome old draperies which have fallen out of use, in the clothes press. We could have a loan of them." " Yes," assented Caroline, "but it must bB a secret.''' " It all'must be a secret or else tho fun will be spoilt. But how are we to fix on the things," asked Bertie. " Of course wé must sew them up at tho sides," said Mary wisely. " But how are we to pop out our heads?" asked Charlie." " We must cut out a piece for our heads to come through," returned Caroline triumphantly. " And we must wear hoods, to hide our faces," put in Frank. " Coule1 not wo get on stilts ?" suggested Bertie ; and all clappacl hands. This was how the six mischievous heads were plotting and planning to frighten their enemy who lived at the lodge and who with hiBwife, were a very superstitious pair. Frank decided that they should .larry down the draperies, formed into ghostly drosses, and hide them in the lawn until tito night of the intended masquerade. Bu . tho little conspirators were nob aware tha,t they had an amused listener, who overheard the plot, and quietly stole into tho house. (To le continued.) 