THE HERALD. ADELAIDE: MAY 5, 1900. The English mail brings a report, which we print in another column, of THE EVOLUTION OP LABOR. tne results ot municipal organisation and pro gressive work in the West Ham district—a report which may well set us thinking out here, with so splendid a field opening out before us in which it is comparatively easy to adopt any measures we please. There it has been a matter of maladministra tion extending over generations, the reform of which has been exceedingly difficult; here we have initiatory con ditions to deal with which we can mould at will-—almost untouched, prac tically speaking, by such fossilizing influences. We are personally ac quainted with the West Ham Munici pality—a crowded district in the very heart of London, full of working men and women, the scene of the memorable dock strike in the early days of the organisation of unskilled labor, when John Burns sprang to the front to cleave a way for them to freedom, and while Joseph Arch was fighting .the same battle at the head of the agricul tural laborers down in the provinces. Those were glorious days, and the writer of these lines recalls, with a glow of the old ironclad enthusiasm, not only the mighty struggles at the dock gates there in West Ham, but the times still further back, when he stood, as the editor of one of the very few journals that dared in that day to espouse the cause of the Arch-agitator and the Dorsetshire agricultural laborers, in the forefront of the Labor platform, in the fierce light that beat upon it from every side, and which would have withered it up had it not been a thing of the People and a thing of Grod. Those were the days when the Earl of Shaftesbury used to thunder philanthropic philippics from the plat form of Exeter Hall, while on his own estate of St. Giles, amid those same Dorsetshire hills, his own laborers lived in hovels that would not come up to the standard of respectable pig-sties. The hand that now pens these lines, penned a leading article in the London "Daily Telegraph," in those early days, that awoke the echoes in respect to that crying scandal, and which resulted in somewhat better " hovels" and some what better " pay" for those " children of philanthropy" — the two-roomed shanty serving to herd a man and his wife and a family of eight or nine children, and the pay being 8s. a week ! Ye gods ! Well, those were dark days, and the little army who worked with Joseph Arch, and the big army who have since entered into his work, have altered things somewhat. The same may be said of John Burns, and the progressive organisation of dock and other unskilled labor. The same may be said of the mark already made on municipal legislation by the trade and labor unions of the world. Thank heaven for what has been done! And now, instead of squabbling one with another as to petty details and isolated fads, let Labor group itself, as in stanced by the West Ham Council, into working evolutionary majorities everywhere. The new candidate for the suffrages of the Central District electorate trotted his views out in a perfect a political "circle" at the Unley chameleon. Town Hall on Monday evening, and established in the minds of the large body of electors there assembled the idea that those views really represented a large figure nought, which, however effective it might prove to be at the tail of other numerals, positively stood for nothing " on its own." The two Labor candi dates, Messrs. Robinson and Kirk patrick, stood by their platform ; the Hon. J. L. Parsons did his level best to bolster up the Upper House conse crated to property-mongers; but what Mr. J. Vardon's principles or policy may be, we presume nobody who listened to him on Monday night would be rash enough to attempt to predict, outside his reiterated protest that he is irresponsibly and irredeemably " on his own," and that he is "uncom promisingly opposed" to trusting the people with the suffrage. That these two " planks" will be sufficient to float Mr. Vardon into Legislative Council harborage, on the heaving bosom of a simple and confiding electorate, even as at present constituted, seems alto gether too quixotic to be realizable. In one breath he professes to be " a Liberal to the backbone," in the next he asks to be " branded as a Conserva tive," while between these two stools he falls back " on his own" in so helpless a fashion that our good friend the Mayor of Unley has to beg a patient hearing for him amid a storm of ridicule and criticism. We confess that we had expected better things of Mr. Vardon—at least that he would have flavored the dish on Monday night with some definite kind of sauce, and that he would have had some little political trinket or other worth pledg ing to the electors. But he simply poses as a political mendicant, and begs for the parliamentary crust on the paradoxical plea that he is " a friend to the working man," but does not consider him a fit person to have a voice iu the conduct of his own affairs. But after all Mr. Vardon took his grand plunge in the final strophe of his peroration, when he solemnly assured the electors that, if they would only return him, they would have at least one "jolly good fellow3' in the Legislative Council. This assurance, it may be presumed, was founded on innocent "tea fight" and similar ex periences ; but the compliment may be considered perhaps rather a doubtful one by the gentlemen who already write M.L.C. after their names, with out, in Mr. Yardon's opinion, the remotest chance of the initials being taken to stand for a Merry Lot of Comrades I A permanent Labor Commission has been appointed in New South Wales, to provide work for the the unemployed. Whyshould labor party we not have a Board of a power. Labor in South Austra lia ? Whatever may be said by way of criticism of the attempt to legislate in this direction in the sister colony, one thing is very certain, that this Labor Commission owes its existence to the Labor Party. The Sydney " Worker" hits the nail on the head when it says : " The stronger the Labor Party, the more determined this or any Government will be in doing something for the workers of this or any other Australian State. Where fore, workers, stand by the Labor Party, and thus help the inauguration of truly progressive State action." The Unemployed Commission' is to get to work as soon as possible, and the full text of the Cabinet minute dealing with the question has been published. It is not our intention to visit upon its provisions untimely criticism; rather would we congratulate the Government on so laudable an effort in the right direction, whatever its weak .points may eventually turn out to be. There are two weighty reasons, however, for calling prompt attention to this move ment. The first and principal reason is the proof it affords of influence and power attending the organisation of the Labor Party. The second is the crying necessity in South Australia for just such a Board, in face of the con stant demands on the time and patience of Ministers of the Crown, and of members of parliament, by applicants for assistance in finding something to do ; and the present inefficient pro visions of the Labor Bureau to deal with this serious question. The recent deputations of unemployed, with their attendant results, or want of results, point these arguments. But the second reason is dependent upon the first; and the influence and power of the Labor Party in South Australia may be materially strengthened by the fealty of all its members at the forthcoming Legislative Council- elections. There is too much of the laissez faire spirit amongst the workers, as well as in other classes of the community, and they allow men who are opposed to their interests to be carried over their heads into either House of the Legis lature, when it would be the easiest thing in the world, by united ana energetic action, to find their own men and return them in their own interests. Herein lies the secret of power. The Laboi; Party in New South Wales is forging ahead, and making its mark on the industrial legisla the "minimum tion of the colony. " For wage" in the first time in human n. s. wales, history," the Minister for Works says, trades union rates have been deliberately adopted by a Government with regard to its contracts, and a minimum wage fixed at the union tariff. The official state ment by the Minister, in respect to this " forward movement," will be found in full in another column; and the Hon. Gregor McGregor, who is just back from a visit to the northern capital, rejoices in this exhibition of the strength of the Labor Party in New South Wales, almost as much as if it had taken place in South Australia. This is as it should be; and indeed we are all the readier to "rejoice with those that do rejoice," because Labor has been called upon so much in the past to do exactly the other thing— " weep with those who weep." But the signs are thick about us now that our days of mourning are drawing to a close, if only the workers will band themselves together, with greater de termination than ever, in a Practical Amen! to the motto that " Union is strength !" Let us set aside, once and for ever, all the distracting petty issues that have served to foster discord in our ranks, cand be willing to sink these minor differences in one common on slaught on the formidable forces that still oppose the healthy progress of industrial legislation, and the freedom of the toilers from the unjust condi tions that oppress them. This is the one object of the United Labor Party ; and again we say, we heartily congrat ulate our brethren on the dawning realization of results which will even tually crown our united labors with abundant success. Plague is being reported now on all hands, and from all the unlikely as well as all the likely the plague places — Sydney, Rock conspiracy ! hampton, Brisbane, Mel bourne, Fremantle, Auck land, and now Coolgardie. How Adelaide has hitherto escaped, is a mystery. It is a strange thing, how ever, that plague has always appeared where people have been on the outlook for it, or are specially qualified to recognise it. Now that Dr. Borthwick has returned from the East, it is to be hoped that Adelaide, being the chief port of entrance from the West, will no longer labor under the reproach of being without an authenticated and veritied case of plague ! If it should not have a case to report, there will be good grounds for believing that Sydney, and all those other places, have joined in a conspiracy, started by Dr. Ramsay Smith, to make the public believe there was plague when there was no plague, and to add to his personal and profes sional notoriety ! This is all the more likely, since plague was discovered in the outlying colonies after that un scrupulous designer got among the members of the " Plague Conference"; and seeing that he was the means of having the conference called, there can be little doubt that he meant plague to be found in all those places. It has long been known in Adelaide that he is able to persuade men to believe any thing, if only he gets alongside of them or can obtain a ghost of a hearing. In fact, it is becoming pretty well recog nised that the only way to keep in opposition to him is never to meet him, but to hide one's self away and write to the newspapers under the guise of " Observer," " Fairplay," " Rats," &c.; This is why the opposition medical men would have nothing to do with the specimens from cases which he offered to show them. It is no great stretch of credulity, therefore, to believe that he has, as usual, exercised his blandish ments upon the delegates, and mes merised the health authorities in other colonies, so as to start plague there in order to make it appear that he was right in saying that there was a genuine case of the pest in Adelaide. If this be not the reason of the reported presence of plague in Australasia, and if the cases occurring in Sydney and elsewhere are really genuine, it is very difficult to understand how Adelaide has escaped, seeing how widespread the disease has been in affecting every large commercial port. Of course there is another explanation possible. It is just within the bounds of possibility that medical men in Adelaide may have encountered cases of plague without suspecting them, or, having suspected them, believed the policy of silence and concealment was best. About this policy, which has been •adopted elsewhere, we may have some thing to say later. Dr. Ramsay Smith, in an interview with a repre sentative of the Sydney " Daily Tele graph," made an important statement •concerning the bacteriology of the plague, which we intend giving in full in our next issue. A pennyweight of practice is worth pounds of precept! We call special attention, in this elec the toral crisis, to a letter pennyweight in our columns this op practice! weeksigned"Worker," challenging the Pro tectionist Association to a practical ■expression of policy on the reform of the Legislative Council and on House hold Suffrage. There has been any ■amount of " precept" bandied about on these questions for years. Now is the time for the " Pennyweight of Practice" that will lead the working man to rally round the leaders of reform at the meetings now being held, and hold up the hands of the Labor candidates who are pledged heart and .soul to the definite policy which alone ■can bring about the desired results. Now is the time for the "Pennyweight of Practice" that will lead the elector boldly to throw the weight of his vote into the scale, instead of lolling on the fence to "watch the cat jump." Now is the time for the "Pennyweight of Practice" which will reassure us as to the bona-fides of the men who are ■everlastingly coming to us with their personal troubles and grievances, just at the moment when they feel the pressure, but who stand off from their trade union, who do not take the trouble to identify themselves with any form of labor organisation, and whose names are not even to be found on the subscription-list of "The Herald." They are willing to contribute line upon line to any discussion of political theories, and to enforce precept upon precept as to the " proper way to do the thing;" but when it comes to a " pennyweight of practice " every week —only a penny a week !—to help to make the Labor organ of South Australia a power in the colony—good Lord ! it can't be done! There are too many men of this stamp, standing in the way to-day of political and industrial reform, who seem to need a lyddite shell of some psychic or mental manufacture, to put a jump into them and stir them into some practical •demonstration of their very excellent theories. Co-Operative Building Society.—It is with pleasure that we call attention to -an advertisement in our columns of the •Co-Operative Building Society, because we believe the aim of the society to be to benefit the struggling worker. Its chief object, of course, is to enable all its members to live rent free, each member paying a small subscription of one shilling per share per week, which entitles him to -a loan of £100 per share. These loans are repaid at the rate of 4s. per week per -share, and it is affirmed that it is an -easier rate of repayment than is found in any other society. The society is on somewhat similar lines to the Starr Bowkett societies, with the difference that the time is very much shortened, and this •desirable object is attained by the society using its funds to provide each member with the margin of security for a loan, rather than providing the whole of the loan. Thus about £120 is sufficient to secure a house worth £300, and the pur chase money is paid in easy weekly payments equal to the rent of the house. "The fact that the members' own subscrip tions are used for their own benefit reduces the rate of interest actually paid for loans very much, being only about 2^ per cent.; at the same time the member has not to pay the interest in addition to his weekly repayment of 4s. per share, but this 4s. pays both his loan and in terest on same. It is also provided that members finding their own security can procure a loan without paying commission, and without the necessity for waiting for ■a ballot, by giving certain notice. The society gives to its members the advan tage of loans on similar terms as the State Bank, but with this difference, that whereas the State Bank advances only 60 per cent, of the value of the security, this society provides for its members the whole amount; and thus helps those thousands who are not able to avail themselves of the help of the State Bank. We wish the society all the success which the carefully considered principles deserve. 