[?] \- ??-?-?- ? »_: ? ???? ? CHAPTER TX- (Continued). 'Another -week of horror for us,' said Mark. 'Shall we keep the finding of the body from your uncle, and have her buried quietly after the in quest ?' 'Impossible. Wo should only get into trouble. Every servant in the house knew of tho discovery before we did, and someone has probably carried tho news to my uncle's room by this. You must go to him, Adelaide, and I must go down to the lake and have the body brought here. Give me some brandy before I go. I feel quite ill already. My nerves will not bear much more of this.' 'Keep up your spirits, Mark, for heaven's sake !' cried Mrs. Lynton, as she poured out a glass of brandy and gave it to the trembling, white-faced man who stood so irresolute by the door. ' If you go about looking like that, people will think there is something wrong. You could not look worse if you had drowned the girl in the lake yourself.' ' If you please, ma'am,' said a servant who came into the room, ' my master ? is asking for you. 'Will you come at once 1' ' Fly, and say I shall bo with him directly !' cried Mrs. Lynton. ' I shall tell them to prepare the little morning-ioom for the recep tion of the body, Mark,' she added to her husband. 'And let me know when — when it is here. I want to be sure that there is no mistake.' Old Mr. Marsden was in a state of alarming agitation when Mrs. Lynton went to his room. The news of the discovery of his grandchild's body, in a condition which made identification almost impossible, had brought on an attack of nervous excitement, fol lowed by sudden prostration. But Mr.Lynton's coolness in cases of emergency, and her prompt ness in applying the neces sary remedies, had an almost miraculous effect, and he was nearly himself again, although still weak and unable to speak much, when certain ominous sounds in the house, caught by the quick ears of Mrs. Lynton, announced the arrival of the mournful procession from the lake. As soon as it was possible for her to leave the old man, whose life was just then so precious, she hurried to the library. As she passed the clo3ed door of the morning room, she hesitated a moment ; then shuddered, and went on. She found Mark, ghashtly pale, still walking up and down. ' Well,' she said, ' was it very terrible 1' ' Do not ask me,' he replied. ' I wonder how I was able to bear it. It is almost impossible to believe that I was looking at a human form.' ' But was there nothing by which you could recognise her ? The betrothal ring Robert gave her — it would be on the wedding finger. Surely you look for it V ' No,' replied Mark ; and he shivered as he spoke from head to foot ; even his teeth shattered. ' I look for nothing.' ' But this is folly !' exclaimed Mrs Lynton. 'Think of the in quest, and the questions you will be asked. Are you prepared to swear that the body is the body of Constance Floyd, or are you not V ' I am prepared to sweor that, to tho bost of my belief, it is Con stance. More than that no one can do. But it will be enough — quite enough. I know it will.' ' I shall swear positively, if no one else does,' said Mrs Lyntou. ' Can you bo certain that no one has looked at her left hand ?' ' I am almost certain. There was no examination made, and the body will not . be touched again'!' until the doctor, for whom I have sent, arrives.' ' Very well.- That is all right: I believe* the ring will ?. bo found on her finger.' ' How is my uncle ?' asked Mark. -r How did he bear the news V ' Better than I expected, con sidering the way it was broken to him by a stupid maid-servant. I got him round with brandy, and I think the shock is passing away now. But we must bo very careful, Mark, nbt to thwart him in any way.' ' Publicity means ruin.!' 'cried Mark excitedly. ??'Wo cannot allow it, Adelaido ! What is to be done 1' ' And if we cross him he will get a fit and die,' was the reply ; ' and that would mean ruin of another kind. No ; wo must just take our chance, if wo find we cannot talk him over quiotly to our way of thinking. I do not think it can be done, though ; you know how obstinate ho can bo when he takes a thing into his head.' ' Ah, if only the will were made, we might oppose him as much as we liked !' sighed Mark. ' Where are you going, Adelaide ? I cannot bear to be alone ! That ghastly semblance to a face is ever before me. Do not see her, I entreat of you ! You can easily explain to the coroner that the sight would have overcome you completely. I shall be back directly.' ' I am but too happy to be let off,' she said ; ' and, unlike the rest of the world, I have no morbid curiosity. I am just going to see if the poor old chap is asleep. 1\ shall be back directly.' But she lied to Mark, as she had often done before. , On leaving him she went to her own room, opened her jewel-case, and took a half-hoop diamond ring therefrom. Then, without a tremor in her firm I limbs, she went straight to the room where the remains of the j drowned girl lay, opened the door, j and went in. j When she emerged, some ten i minutes later, a sickly pallor had j settled on her handsome face, and j she glanced at her shapely hands ; as if they were defiled and odious in her sight. She went to her room again, and laved them long and copiously in pure cold water, and as she did so, the pallor gave place to her usual healthful color, and a smile of satisfaction curled her lips. 'It was an inspiration on my part to secrete that ring when I found it on her dressing- table,' she said to herself. ' But were it not on her finger I should, if asked, and if I answered truthfully, be obliged to swear that the body was not' to the best of my belief, the body of Constance Floyd.' t CHAPTER X. The inquest was held in due course. Tho medical men who wore examined swore that, as far as they were able to judge, there were no marks of violonce on the body, and death had been caused by drowning. Mark Lynton and thfe servants, with one exception, swore that, to the best of their belief, the remains were those of Mr. Marsden's grand daughter — Constance Floyd. Mark, indeed, swore positively, for he identified the body by a diamond ring which was found on the third finger of the left hand of tho de ceased girl. He knew the ring well, as it was given to deceased by his son Robert, to whom she was engaged, with the full consent of hor grandfather. The servant who would not swear positively was the housekeeper. She could say nothing as to the ring, having never noticed it on Miss Floyd's finger ; buts in her opinion, the remains were those of a taller and slighter young lady than Miss Constance. Thero were no clothes 1 on the body when found by which it could be identified. i Mrs. Lynton swore positively to \- the ring which had been taken off the dead girl's finger in presence of the doctor, who expressed some sur prise that it had remained- in its place during the long immersion of the body. She considered it quite providential that It had, not fallen off, as it left no doubt on the mind of any reasonablo person as to the identity of the deceased. She had not seen the body herself. Her husband would not. allow her to go into the room, . as ho was afraid of the effect ,upon her health. She was the last person who had seen the girl alive, and there was nothing in her manner or appearance to warrant the- supposition that sho was meditating suicide. It was quite possible that an unfortunate love affair was the cause of the rash act ; but she, witness, was not in the confidence of the young lady. They were very good friends, but deceased was of a silent, reserved disposition, and preferred her own company to the company of her relatives. She was fully aware of her position as heiress to her grand father, and she seemed attached to the old man in her peculiar way. He was very much affected by her tragic death. Deceased was the only child of his only daughter, who had married without the consent of her father. The inquest was over at last. An open verdict was returned — for the fact that the body, when found, was nude^had prevented a finding of 'Accidental .death' — and a rider was attached to express the sympathy of the jury, which was composed of local tradesmen, with the sad bereavement of the family. ' Thank goodness that is over ! ' cried Mark, as he joined his wife, after saying farewell to the coroner. ' Now, if that ghastly object were but safely buried out of sight, I could breathe freely. Has my uncle said anything lately about the funeral?' r ' Yes ; he is quite determined to have a pompous ceremonial, and to follow himself as chief mourner. I said as much as I dared, but what wuld I do when he at last got quite angry, and as good as told me that iiis grandchild's funeral was no business of mine ? I dared not irritate him; and, after all, what liarm can it do to let him have his own way ? ' ' Look here ! ' and Mark handed her the ' Times.' ' The finding of the drowned body of the grand daughter of Mr. Marsden, of Marsden Abbey, is in all the London papers this morning. An account of the inquest will follow to-morrow, and everyone knows that a funeral follows a death. Suppose that unfortunate is not Constance, after all 1 ' ' I hold to my opinion that, even it she is alive, she will not come back during your uncle's lifetime. When he dies, after signing a will in your favour, she. may come as soon as she likes.' ' But if - if ' —Mark's voice fell to a frightened whisper— ' some one else should come. What then 1 ' ' At all hazards, such a visitor must be kept from seeing your uncle. We have nothing to dread but a meeting, and that must not take place ! ' ' We may be taken by surprise.' Were his words prophetic 1 An ominous gloom fell upon the woman's soul as she heard tnem. The old man had his way, and a sumptuous funeral was ordered for the heiress, whose fate was the talk of the country side. The afternoon of the second day after the inquest was fixed for the mournful ceremony, and Robert Marsden, clad in deep mourning, with his silvery hair falling on either side of his worn but still handsome face, set awaiting Mark to lead him to the coach. He was, in reality, ready really an hour too soon, but he was not impatient ; and presently he leaned his head against the cushions of his chair, and dreamed a curious and vivid dream. He, thought his grandchild had come back to him ; had stolen gently into his room, dressed in pure white, and on her sweet young face a look of radiant happiness such as it had never worn in life. He thought she -came in softly, and knelt, beside him, whispering to him not to be alarmed, as sho was not. dead but living, and had come to bring hirn back the happiness he had lost long years before.1 And then, for a time, he seemed to remember' no more; At tho moment the old man fell asleep, Mrs. Lynton was tying on her crape bonnet in her dressing room ; the guests were assembled in the library, taking over tho melan choly tragedy in whispers ; the open funeral car already stood before the hall door, and the coffin, covered with wreaths of snowy blossoms, was on trestles in the hall awaiting removal, when Mark Lynton, who was restlessly moving hither and thither, started violently at the sight of a shadowy white figure which he saw, or imagined he saw flitting across the end of the passage leading to tho wing of the Abbey inhabited solely by his uncle. As fast as trembling limbs could carry him the terrified man made his way to his wife's apartment. When she turned to confront him, she was amazed to see his white face and staring eyeballs. ' Why, Mark,' she cried, ' what has happened to you 1 You look as if you had seen a ghost !' ' And I have,' he answered, hoarsely ; ' the ghost of Constance Floyd !' An incredulous laugh greeted this announcement, and as soon as Mrs. Lynton had extracted from him his story of the shadowy figure, and he had listened to her contemp tuous comment that the ghost was simply the result of a few sleepless nights and a disordered liver, he was ready to laugh at his own folly. ' Come,' she said, as soon as he began to look more like himself, 'let us -be moving. The sooner it is all over the better.' With becoming gravity and decorum Mrs. Lynton greeted the friends and neighbors who had come to the funeral to show their respect and affection for Mr. Mars den. Neither Mark nor his wife was a favourite in the county, but every one noticed how admirable was their aemeanour on this melancholy occasion. Mark, at a signal from his wife, was just about to leave the room, to assist his uncle to the carriage, when the library door was thrown open, and he found himself confronted by a. tall, handsome woman, richly dressed in colours, and without bonnet or mantle. Her fine dark eyes flashed one look at Mark, who fairly cowered before her, and then sank into a chair, covering his face with his hands. - Gentlemen, said the stranger, addressing the astonished guests, ' if you want to know who I am, I refer you to Mark Lynton. He seems strangely disconcerted at my presence, which is in itself a proof of recognition ; and well may he shrink before me, for I am his cousin, the daughter of Robert Marsden. ' It is years since he came be tween me and my father's love, and was the means of turning me out of my home. If you ask him, perhaps he will tell you why he was guilty of such baseness. But, gentlemen, he has been guilty of greater baseness still. He made my poor dear father believe that I was dead ; and, to satisfy the yearning of the aged man's heart, without foregoing his own revenge upon me, he passed off a girl, in no way related to us, as my child, and my father made a will in her favour, on condition that she married her cousin Robert, Mark Lynton's only son. 'The girl naturally fell iuto these arrangements, not having the faintest idea that she was an im postor. ? ? ? . ' It were long to tell how sus picion was first aroused in her mind. For -one thing, she saw Mark Lynton, during a fit of som nambulism, first ..open, and .then hide, a lotter addressed by me (ifc was in reality, only one of many) to my father. ' .' As no letters from me ever reached him the^ inference is that all were suppressed. This special letter, afterwards recovered by the Lyntons, was a great puzzle to Con stance Floyd — I may add here that my name is Constance, but. not Floyd. ? My husband's name is Rupert Main waring. ' It weighed upon her mind ; she became very ill ; and,, whether rightly or wrongly who can say, she became impressed with the idea that somebody at the Abbey was trying to icompass hor death by poison ; she accordingly ran away, leaving behind her, on her dressing table, the diamond ring she used to wear as a token of her engagement to Robert Lynton.' At that point the rector of the parish, a precise and cautious old gentleman, stepped forward, and addressing Mrs. Mainwaring, said : ' Madam, I wish to throw no doubt upon your assertions, but you have mado somo very grave charges against a gentleman whom we have all known for many years. If they cannot bo proved, they must be one and all withdrawn. We have, alas ! ample proof of the flight from her home of the unfortunate young lady who was received among us as the granddaughter of Mr. Marsden, as we are here this afternoon to follow her, I regret to say, to her most untimely grave. She was a most charming and promising young person ? ' ' And,' interrupted Mrs. Main waring, 'I am happy to be able to tell that she still lives, and she will,. I hope, shortly thank you in person.' I At those words Mark Lyntoni and his wife exchanged a rapid j glance of consternation. 1 'The body found in the lake,' j Mrs. Mainwaring continued, .' is i not the body of Constance Floyd, although, by a curious combination of circumstances, the engagement ring of Constance was found on the, dead girl's finger. Perhaps either Mark Lynton or his wife will bo [J able to explain how it came there. I As to Constance Floyd herself, | when she fled from the Abbey in | fear of her life, she came at once to my house in London. She learned the address from the letter she saw Mark Lynton trying to hide. She also declares that, although she and I were total strangers, I exercised some extraordinary influence over her ; that more than once I ap peared to her in a sort of dream or trance, and called to her to come to me. I look upon these visions as the result of an over-excited imagi nation working upon the suspicions already aroused in her ingenuous mind ; but, whether they are real or imaginary, I owe the brave girl who saw them a deep debt of gratitude No thought of her own loss made her hesitate for a moment to do what was right.' During the latter part of thi address Mark Lynton and his wif a were conferring together in eager! whisper. i 'She has no proof. Denounce! her as an impostor !' cried Mrs. Lynton. ' All will be lost, Mark, if you remain silent one moment longer.' 'All is lost,' he muttered. ' She is my cousin Constance. , I recognised her in a moment.' 'Coward !' she hissed under her breath, ' I could kill you.' Then, turning suddenly, she faced Mrs. Mainwaring. (To be Continued). 