ABOUT MARRIAGE. (By ?' Old Sport.') 'Oh he wanted something to play with, something to love and adore, something sweet and something neat he never poss«BB'd befora : Oh-h : What am I giving tod nowP Well, perhaps I am a UtUe bit off this morning, I «n as full of 'Love's Young Drewn' ss a Carcoar goat h full of carbaee. It's very strange that some persons run away to get married and some run away to| get unmarried. A few {years ago a friend of wine penp ing on the quiet into the abode of a young couple who had been married exactly twelve months and a day, says that marriage had evidently been something of « failure in this instance for the Bhadow of despair could already be seen on the wife's face while the husband looked as bored and wearied as if he had just waded through 13 columns of the Dean Case. Presently for want of something else to do he asked without even turning to look at the woman he once adored — Annie do you remember the first night we metV Instantly ihe woman was aroused from her lethargy just as if she had ex perienced a sharp electric shock, and her bright eyes flushed with something of their old light as she replied, 'Indeed Dick Idol' '1 was a bit off then wasn't I ? drawled Dick, wonder no one thought of locking me up for being a wild lunatic at large. But that was nothing to the night I rowed you round our lovely harbor was it 1 ' The young wife made no reply to that, She was thinking of something in the roseate realms of the past. And judging by the way her lips quivered, aha was doing some very baid thinking too. Not having any eye's in. the b&ck; of his head the buubftnd saw nothing of this but droned on. ' What a d — d all-round ass I made of myself that night to be sure ! Took your hand or something of that sort I think, and said I felt so utterly lonely until I met you; how the world was all blank until the bright sun of your presence had made it a Paradise to me ! God ! I must have sickened even the sharks that night I fancy. How the devil tod stood it I don't know. ' Perhaps you meant it then?' suggested tbe wife. But Dick was so wrapt in his own troubles that he heard nothing of tha pitiful query put and went on — Then there was the ride home in tho cab from the Mayors Ball. Heavens ! What a lot of soulful slops I let out then. We were to go hand-in-band down the great highway of life, never to get tired of kisses ! Mine was a love that would grow and grow — snowball fashion I suppose. All I asked was leave to sit at your feet — to be your slave and worship you ! Caesar's Ghost ! No wonder the poor old horse pulling the cab fell down and spilled as out ia a mud-puddle. Of all the gold urned asses — but it's no use thinking of that ! Then the Utters I wrote to you with lumps of love and lots of kiBses ! ' I wonder now if I could hire the Soudan donkey to come and kick me by the hour?' Just here the young wife rose and my f liend shifted so as to get veil out of her range. There were no tears in her eyes now. Her look was stern and her lips were an ugly red where the teeth had. held them. He didn't like to be near a women who doesn't weep when she is injured or insulted. She is deucediy apt to throw things, And when a woman starts throwing even the devil himtelf can't tell what object she will hit Placing one hand on her hus band's shoulder this young wife said, \- Don't fret so much over the past. You have at least .one consolation in knowing that I was a far greater fool than you were,' ' How the dickens do you make that out f ' exclaimed the husband swinging round and staring at hia partner with evident surprise. 'Beoause I believed your words and marritd you ! ' [replied the wife. My friend left after that and tried to remember bow often he had wit nessed a similar sorry eoene and listened to similar withering warring w.ords.' -'» We came here to be married five months ago' said the man 'and yester day I found out you hadn't married us proper and 'cording to law.' At the registrar's earnest solicitations they diseended to particulars^ and* then it was ascertained that the couple had simply accepted their visit as an inti mation of the usual day's notice but the foolish man and silly women had gone cheerfully away under the im pression that they were well and truly married. Tbe registrar kindly married them on the spot for nothing and the groom to show there was no ill-feeling shouted him a pound of steak tor his black eye. And here is another bit of pleasantry which occurred at a country) wedding a short time ago. The groom was a large solemn silent youth with a fluffy young beard and when the clergyman asked him would he take this woman to be his wedded wife, he scratched his head dubiously and suid he was blowed if ha knew. 'Not knowf ' said the clergyman : ' then why are you here V Dunno, replied the cheerful groom. 'But you came hern to be married' you surely are not ^oingto back out of it at this hour P' Dunno, Jsaid . the groom. The' olergyman tried htm again with tbe query. ' Suppose we let it go at this an* call an' have the rest of tbe weddin' to- morrow 1' said the groom ; I aint in-o hurry.' 'You' cannot do tbaV1 the Minister said. ' Ot( well ' was the reply. 'I reokon I'll pu^ it off till next year, and he went 'Tor his hat, but, the bride's brother -ho was aoting as best man rushed him and they had a furious fight just outside the church door. In ?.'.'??.. ? Ljt' ?'' ?-'..' ? ? ?'?? ' ?'.??''?-?. about ten minutes the beBt man re turned leading the groom who had two black eyes, and lookedjas though he hud had a serious misunderstanding with a city tram. 'He will go on with wedding al) right now sir' said tbe beBt man. And so he did. The most absent-minded clergyman has juat come to light in an Eastern suburb. The girl had just said* 'I willl' in what may be styled a determined bull-pup voioe when tlie sky-pilot assumed the favorite dying duck expression of tbe etfaeieal eoclesi astio and murmured ; 'ifiarth to earth, dust to dust, ashes to ashes. It was only when tbe lady who had pot quite been made John Henry's mother-in-law began to cry loudly for her smelling baits and the bride had begun an angry whimper like a dog disappointed of a bone that tbe good man recollected himself and finished ihe interesting ceremony in orthodox manner. ' ? '? . Thus a lady 'speaker at tbe Welling ton Women's Union: — 'The reason more ladies don't get married nowadays is that they are growing more enlight ened and less disposed to keep bus bands' and yet they say the New Woman won't make any difference. There » a legend prevailing in Brisbane to the effect that the lady editor «f one of the dailys travelled with her newly -married daughter on' the lattef's honeymoon, The lady said her daughter was too young to be left alone with a man. Te gods funoy your' motuM-in-law «itb you on your honeymoon. 1 would have dropped her over the first convenient preoipioe and left her there to think over the opi and downs of life. 