AUSTRALIAN^e*^ ^^WORKERS'ITWIOJ REGISTERED L UNDER THE TRADE UNIONS ACT. President— VT. G. Spence, M.P., Legislative Assembly, Sydney. General Secretary— D. Macdonell, A.W.U. Office, Bourke. General Treasurer — J. Medway Day. Worker Editor— George Black. Worker, Manager— -H. Lamond. General Returning Officer — H. Lomond. Branch Secretaries — Adelaide Branch : F. W. Lundie,- Trades Hall, Adelaide. Bourke Branch: Donald Macdonell, A.W.U. Office, Bourke. Central Branch: Q. A. Burgess, A.W.U. Office, Orange. Creswick Branch : E. Grayndler, Alma-st., St. Arnaud, Vic' No. 25 forwards 5s. for the P.L.L. and 5/- for Mrs. McLean, and suggests that the mother of the Union martyr should be remembered by his old mates from time to time. * * * Dear Worker, — Since last ?writing to you I visited Branga Park, Woolbrook, and Walcha Road. Mr. Furnival, who has been a member for three years, Mr. Hardaker and Mr. Murphy, storekeepers of Walcha, took tickets and advertised as well. At Woolbrook I issued two tickets, left others with the rep., and then I went on to Mitchell's ; found a couple of good men. No tickets issued there. None of them will shear any more ! That's the class of Swamp Oak push-^good to themselves. Ee the cry of some to dissolve the laborers from the shearers' Union and have a separate Union— the result would be disastrous. If shearers did not support the laborers the employers would soon flood the whole country with unemployed by sacking the men who struck. 'Well amalgamated and firmly united we will wipe out all black-legs later on.— T. H. Ryan. * * * Dear 'Worker, — Since writing you last we have formed a strike camp at Furracabad, that shed offering shearers £ per 100 but expecting them to shear until 4 p.m. on Saturdays, and giving the shed-hands 8/- and 7/- per diem. and find themselves, all lost time being stopped. Both shearers and shed-hands refuse to do anything until the whole of our terms are conceded. The lads are firm and our hopes of winning are bright. The daily storms ?we are now having would delay shearing in any case. The manager of Furracabad stated that he wanted shearers to work on Saturday afternoon because there ?was an unusual amount of lost time, apparently forgetting the rouseabouts would also have to lose the same time. Other sheds about are giving our terms and shearing goes along quietly. Though rather late in the season the weather seems to have broken and there is every prospect of a plentiful rainfall in these districts.— Geoege Carter, Glen Innes. Dear 'Worker, — Sheds in this district are all cut-out except Ooma, which will take another fortnight. At a shed not more than forty miles from Qrenf ell the shearers and rouseabouts are using jam-tins to drink from, and pieces of wire for forks, and old shear blades for knives. The accommodation is, of course, something terrible. Without early rain wheat crops will be a failure. Most farmers are cutting their wheat for hay.— J.M., Grenfell. * * * ? Dkar Worker, — Eleven out of 16 turned up at the roll-call at Ensay, Gippsland, on 6th ult. and were offered 14/- per 100 and find themselves. It was agreed not to accept this offer, but when the owner sent for the men, three of us at once refused and the others, without say ing a word, signed the agreement and went to work. As shearers were scarce it would have been easy to have got a reasonable thing. Here are the names of six of the men who went in — Breen, Ingram, Fleming, Andy Chalman, Roth, Winnett.— 'William Jewitt, Kehnbth McDonald, and D. Neve. * * # At Dubbo recently, W. Brownlow, grazier, of Eumalga, proceeded against R. Smith for breach of agreement in leaving his work as a shearer after having engaged to perform and finish certain shearing— contrary to the Masters' and Servants' Act. Mr. Booth appeared for complainant; Mr. Fitzhardinge for defendant. Smith swore that Brownlow had been complaining about his shearing and did not demur when he threatened to leave, but the magistrate held the case proved, and inflicted a penalty of 10/-, with 5/10 costs, and 25/- witness's ex penses, and 31/6 professional costs. We are told that in addition to this Brownlow is sticking to the money earned by Smith during 13 days' shearing on his station. If so, he must be made to pay up. * * * We clip the following letter from the Federal Standvrd, Wentworth, in order that some explanation may be made : — ' Are we shearers in this Western District for getting our past fame for hospitality, one with another, or why was an old Western District shearer and a finan cial member of the Bourke Union quite recently given the cold shoulder by South Eastern shearers at Lake Vic toria, near Wentworth, when passing looking for work ? I wanted to pay for three meals and they refused me. I have been a shearer, and a good one, although I say it myself, since 1876, when I beat records at Campedore and other places; and yet I was refused a feed by the shearers at the station referred to, where the rouseabouts, all honor to them, looked after an unfortunate. — I am, etc., J. W. Ltnch.' * * * Dear Worker, — At Bendemeer I left tickets with J. O'Toole and also at Glendon Stalion with Rep. J. Rior dan. At Longford have only just started— Coaly Hut, Rimbanda, Burgomotsoon, Ohio, Emu Creek, Greylands, and Branga Park. Calling roll on 8th at Ormdumbie, shearing contract, and Earapambla, shearing P.U— the only two in this district against our rules. Abubaldie starts on 13th. I called on Swamp Oak and did no good there, all but three arguing against paying for a ticket. Thence I went to Reid's Elcho Hills, eight men. Jim Fellows enrolled all but two, and they finished up singing songs to honor the Union. Thence I went to Doyle's Dungowan ; seven shearers, all cooking for themselves. Enrolled all but one shearer, who got very irritable with me when I told him he ought to pay in like his mates. The road to those places was terrible ; I had to walk and lead horse and sulky half my time.— T. H. Ryan. T- T* T Dear Worker, — Since starting on the track for New England, I have visited Rocky Creek, where shearing was nearly finished, and found the men there were of the right sort. They had sent for tickets (per /-. ep. Bowman) and the owner, Mr. Arnold, is one of the few who treats workers as white men. Shearing had started at Pal-lal ; Union rates, except four pickers-up who accepted £1 per week and from what I could learn had they stood out for 25/- cj 11 the others would have assisted them. Most of the men were financial and the others put their names down for tickets. A slight skirmish occurred with the boss re holding a meeting, but after a little cross-firing he became reasonable and. attended the meeting and quite a friendly feeling was established. Derra-Derra was just making a start at full rates — the shearers were financial and all the general hands enrolled. Banghat had started, full rates ; some of the men were financial and all the others enrolled. This is the first year for some time that Union rate lias been paid and once again the workers have got practical proof of what they can accomplish when united and resolute. As fhearing was about to commencs in Uralla district and P.U. conditions have prevailed for years, I held a meetingin Uralla and a large number of shearers and laborers were present — also a number of business people. Mr. McMahon, M.L.A. (newly-elected) occupied the chair, and am glad to say that he was outspoken and declared his sympathy with the workers, and especially in this dispute as our claims were just and as the employers refused to meet us in conference we would be poor spiritless men if we didn't stand for our principles. If other Ms.L.A. would do likewise the galling conditions under which the bush workers exist would be altered much quicker. The members of the A.W.U. have been fighting a hard battle this year and I haven't heard of any Ms.L.A., or even Labor members, saying one word to assist them. I suppose the bushworkers are not worth bothering about just now, but ere long when their votes are required then the interests of the toilers will be the whole and sole thought of our theatrical politicians. The shearers and laborers present at the meeting pledged themselves to uphold Union principles, and they put their resolution into practice next day when Master's unfair conditions were announced at Gostwyck, Salisbury, Terrible Vale, and Kentucky stations. The employers demanded 3/- a head per week rent for the use of their shearing machines ; one of them wanted 2/- per man per week for the services of the expert — all declined to increase the rackrenters' bank accounts by that method. At Gostwyck (Dangar's station) I had an interview with the manager, Mr. Rogerson, who treated me very courteously but he was unable to agree to give the £ straight out. A meeting of shearers was held and eventually all of them left the station, most going to Uralla to form a camp, a few going home .who lived close by. At Salisbury the chaps were solid and in a few minutes the manager agreed to their terms and all trouble and delay was averted. A1. Terrible Vale the men were staunch and after interviewing the manager he led them to believe that he would come to terms, but as he had passed his word to his friend at Gostwyck he would have to see him ere he could give a definite answer. Evidently Mr. Dangar runs the whole show and manages Terrible Vale manager, for his final answer to the men was that he couldn't give the £ straight out. He climbed down from the rent demand, howver, and substituted one of 10/- per man for the hospital. As shearers generally subscribe to hospitals, they were quite willing to do so voluntarily but declined to be coerced and all the men left and came to camp, the local married men going to their homes. At Kentucky the chaps were of one mind also and after a couple of days got their terms and started work. The camp was established near Uralla with Scotty Ferguson as chef and matters went alright. A couple of days later an agent, Mr. McKay, J.P., actinsr for Mr. Taylor of Terrible Vale, put in an appearance to engage shearers at Union rates, but said that Mr. Taylor objected to three local men, two of them married men who have families to support, who have lived in the district and worked on the station for years past. He evidently was disappointed because they were not traitors to themselves and mates. I am glad to say that T. Ward, J. Bates, and J. Rooney acted the part of men und stood true to Union principles. All the other chaps were true blue and Btood with them. Later on McKay denied the boyootting and then interviewed the men again and wanted a fresh team of men as Mr. Taylor objected to the first lot ; the men were quite agreeable and only too pleased to see other straight men get the shed and thus gain a victory for the A.W.U. Our terms both for rouseabouts and shearers were agreed to publicly by McKay, J.P., several citizens being present, and he wanted the men out to the shed at once as sheep were in the shed and everything ready for a start. The men pro cured conveyances and went out only to find thev were engaged under false pretences— no sheep in the shed and new conditions proposed by Mr. Taylor, but he was deal ing with men again — not crawling, creeping smoodgers like some of the Gostwyck and Yalleroi brand— and every man left. The people of Uralla should feel proud t'.nw4'. t.TlOtr Tiaira in +Vi*mi» mi^of; ar» t«/1i*ri*liiol «fTtf\ /irviiiii give even Dr. Rougemont points in telling the truth ; as for Tom Pepper, well he wouldn't have the ghost of a show when McKay was about. Since I have been in this district it has been continually dinned into my ears what a perfect gentleman Mr. Taylor of Terrible Vale ia— his word is his bond, etc. Well if those are the actions of a gentleman, I hope the Lord will leave me as I am. At Gostwyck as usual a few of the serfs, who were bred, born and branded there, were rounded up to start the shearing, but— listen you rouseabouts who would not even try to get fair wages in some districts ! The chaps in the shed who were getting their terms— 25/- per week— wouldn't work with the blacklegs and left the station. The poor spiritless slaves who started the shed are to be pitied for their want of manhood. No doubt many members know them : G., C. and W. Ecorn (3), T. Bowers, and two old chaps — names unknown at present -who wouldn't shear enough sheep in a day to make a decent stew. 8ince then young Ted Perry and Joe Edmonds sneaked back at night. J. Dennewald, D. Crawford, J. and G. Doak, N. McMillan, C. Ahern, and Fisher, the two latter Yalleroi brand pledged themselves publicly not to shear at Gostwyck, and have acted the part of Judas, but are minus conscence, or like him, they would procure a bit of rope each and do likewise. Tom Easterbrook started to cook for them but got sacked and another of the Ecorns, who left at roll-call, proffered his services as a shearer but was refused a stand, although there are some vacant. A man has got pretty low when he. is not even good enough to be a scab or to cook for them, and the only way to get lower would be to fall down a sewer and stay there. A rumor was circulated that J. Hoctor, J. Bruce, and 13. Hinton had gone to Gostwyck to shear. It would be very advisable and more manly for individuals to be certain before starting a false report. Those chaps left Uralla in my company and went to Armidalc. Jim Hoctor was offered inducements to go cronk, but refused and assisted materially in effecting success for the A.W.U. in New England. I also wish to thank Reps. Thomas (Salisbury1), Ashworth (Kentucky), and Oliver (Terrible Vale) for their valuable assistance, and I wish it to be known that J. Oliver is not the gent, bearing that name who ratted at Thurrabri. To the men generally I wish to return my sincere thanks for the stand they made and hope they will keep on fighting the battle and I trust that their efforts to better conditions and maintain principles will meet with the reward which they deserve. It is gratifying to know that we had the sympathy of the public generally, and some of the business people assisted to a considerable extent, notably Mr. J. MaBterson, hotelkeeper. —Jack Meeiian, Organizer, Uralla. 