MISSION AT ST.- MARY'S CHURCH. SUNDAY'S Ol'KNlNtrSKItVICKS. Til rue wu a very largo attendance at St. Mary's lt.C. Church on Sunday morning, when Father O'Famll. Provincial of the Redemptorirtt Fathers in Australia opened the mission which is to be conducted dur ing the present week. Tho reverend gentleman is not unknown in Corowa, hiving; in connection with a colleague, conducted n weeks' mission some twelve months ago. Mas wu celebrated by tho Rev. Father Htckcy, parish priest, tod before tho appearance of h ether O'Farrcll, who preached tho sermon, ho said he was exceedingly delighted to see such n large ammblsge present, particu larly so many men— and young ones. In bringing tho Miuioncr to Corown he had no object but one, ua a prieat, end that was for the Salvation of theooulsof his people. As far as the money matters went, be (would not give one immortal soul for all the gold which bu been raised in Australia : end if there were collections at night during the pro gress of the Ml&sion; the money raised would merely go to defray the expenses of the Mission. On money matters ho had bad no trouble and always got what he wanted. Father O'Farrcll would come as an old friend and would need no iutro- duction. He (the speaker) was giving up the full care of their soul into his hands, and he trusted that at the ohno of the Mission no Catholic would be found In a state of mortal tin. Before commtndng his sortuon, Father O'Farrell stated that tuere would bo' two misses every morning ttnrimr the- coining week— at 730 and 9 o'clock— and after the lut an instruction each day. There would also be devotions every evening at 7 o'clock. It gave him very greet plee- aure to come back to Corojra not only to sec their good putor but on his own ac count also ; becaoso he could remember with feelings of satisfaction how the peo ple responded to the Mission held lut year, ami count picture the joy which animated them all et its close. He was also glad to renew acquaintances made lut year. He trusted they would ell profit by this renewal of the Mission, which would tend to consolidate tho work previously done. The present time — Whit Sunday- wm a mast favorable day to commeuco the Mission, u that day wu the day when the Holy Catholic Church cttne forth before the world. Another condition they shtuld not forget, and that was that it would be moonlight duriog III. week, which in lleelf ehouhl- tenff to make the attendance large. The rev. gentleman took as his text the 36th vcrae of the 15th chapter of the Acts of the Apuatlee : — " And after some days, Paul uid to Bsrnahus : Let us return and visit the brethren in all the cities wherein we have preached tho word of tho Lord, and sea bow they do." From these words they were well able to under stand what wu the manner of acting pur sued by St. Paul hi preaoliing the word of the holy gospel. Ho camo, and in his own eloquent language spoke of tbo great trattia of aalvatioe, and also taugbt and proved the divinity #f Jesus Christ, who bid been crucified, rose again and ascended to heaven. Now, after having visited a city or a towu it wu his custom to go and re-visit it to toe how tlio people wero doing where he hud preached tho word of God. They could eco the wisdom which inspired tho greet apostle, conversant oa I hp wu with tbo frailty of huraun nature. He knew, too, that, some grew weak and needed a helping haaiT to keep them on the right track, and tbat promises mado by many would be brdken by going back to their old ways of Paganism, and from the ways, genorally, that ho had taught them were right. Thcro were fluctua tions also. Soino were not converted per haps at tho time of bis first visit, which gave an 'Opportunity to thebi to come forward at tu« second coming. It wu a work of the ariril; of wisdom, which r.»w|-.M. ...M. \»u« s|.anvr/ u; |,I TO mis sions and see how the'peopfo were doing. It was not always possible to return to a plico after having conducted a Mission ; and he wu before them u a result of tho real of their pastor, to sec how the work wugoiog on— io the some spirit as tho apostle, and in a quiet, friendly way to see bow they were getting on— how the fruits of the recent Missioo had been pre- i served. It wu an 'opportunity also for others to share the blessings of Almighty God. Ho had said that lio wu glod to be amongst them to speak to them, and they wore porhsps not displeased to turn their thoughts in the' same direction u at the time of the Mission held lut year. Some might say. 41 Why soother Mission so soon ; we hail enough of it eight or ten months ago) Why trouble to como so soon again r But if they suid this they did not know tbo real object of a Mission. It wu not a new Mission. Tho position wu tho same u tbe farmer and his pad dock. The seed wu sown and tho far mer looked at it occuionsUy to see bow it wu gotting on. When be re- visited a disttictne camemerely to see ifthe fruits of bis labours were in evideoce, and to see if anything wu interfering, or If a helping hand were wanted in the good resolutions they had made. It wu a visit be had great pleasure In paying, u it meant the consolidation and completion of tho work dooosyear ago. Suppose ho began by iking how they were doing in tho months wuicn had elapsed since the time of the mission. It would not be tin to give s satisfactory reply to tbe question. la all congregations after a mission there wore three distinct classes of persons compris ing the ; congregation. Tbe first class were those who had persevered, and bod not lost the grace of God. Tbtra.wu again another dais who bid not perse vered, although they bod U«de fair and beautiful promises and bid received the ltviog body of Jesus Christ, still they were no longer iu His friendship. Thoy had gone baok like- k dog to his vomit. There wu aoothor' class who. did not Erofit by the Mission. They would now ave another opportunity thKragh the mercy m ww. ijet mem go cnrougii me three dasses and thenaee aowtbeyrfounil themselves. Some bad persevered, but tbey were -not all alike— thsrawere two divisions. Some bad been truly fervent and bad tried to serveGod faithfully, aud there were others who bad hot lost tbo grace ofOodj but still bad done little or nothing to serve God ; tbey were in God'a grace and that's aU that could be said about them. The strain had been, too muab for them. Tljey were on the brink of a precipice. Was . not a renewal of tbo Mission a great blessing for tbe two divi sions of tho first class. The first would take profit from it. It was n boon (odeod to others to bo csuglit, boforo they camo to tho ground altogether, byftho grace of God, which would put them on thohr feet and guard their stops from tbe brink of the precipice tliey had corao so near. What a blessing tbe renewal of tho Mission would be wu dear.- Regarding the second class, those who hod lost tho grace of God, there wore two divisions also. Soma who had fallen, and wero at enmity with Almighty God, had not done so without a struggle. For weeks and perhaps months tbey bad gone to receive the sacrament In order to keep in friend ship with Jesus Christ. But some temp tation came, and they gavo way, losing courage and becoming disgusted with themselves; were now iu a despairing state and would say 41 What's tho good of my trylog to.eerve God!" But they would bo back.agein after serviog God through tho tkna of tbe Miasion. It wu a grand opportunity for such to regain their lost dignity. They all kaew what tho Lord hod told to St. Paul when uked if seven times were not enough to forgive an enemy. Ha had replied, 44 Yes, Beventy times seven." Christ was just as kind and gentle to- day. Would lie cast them off I No, for 'did not 'ho say" All S> tbat labour will be refreshed." e wu willing lo restore them to His friendship, and tbey would profit by thsir experience and ba more constant. In Mother dlvisioo were those who did not persevere ; those that hod dropped arms and boon takco prisoners. Tbey bad made uo effort, flow sad it wu to see them so reduced to such a elate of misery. Thoy camo to tiic mission bccaiso so many went, or a companion had Induced them to get a sort of white- wuhing. It was no wonder that they fell bock. There hsd been no effort at amendment, at leading a good life, which required soino sacrifices. The devil found then\ an easy prey nnd they hid bern prisoners over since — before, in fact, they had tiino to enjoy tho privileges of u clear conecionco. They would Bee where the necessity of laying a broad and firm foun dation came in. Unless they had a sure foundation they were like the bouse built on sand. It woutd soon give way. God would not work miracles to save them : that would amount to coropulaioo, and there would be no merit. There was a grand opportunity for preparing them selves so u to bo flblo to overcome the powers of tho enemy aud strive to fight for the possession of the Spirit of God. About tlio lut clou. This clua would find two divisions also. It might have happened here at tho time of the Mission. Some were away from home or not here at all, or wero nrevontcd by sickncu from coming to the Mission. Would thy not welcome tho opportunity to come now and avail themselves of it 1 Another division, who hardened their hearts against the grace of the Mission, wero those who pre ferred chains of slavery to the graco of God, and who refused to come to the Mission. The Lord said Uo hod called thctu, and thoy would not come, but bad died in their sins. It might be so. It might be said that soma hid gone before a higher tribunal to answer questions in connection with the late Mission— before Jaaua Christ. This brought to lit mind reminiscences not too pleuant. In a city of Australia bo hsd conducted a Mission. After a time— not oo loog a.time as hsd elapsed since bis last visit to Corowa— he liiuf made enquiries and a priest told him of a cerlulu district in which 13 had refused to eomo to the Mission, and although only six months had elapsed 11 had died, and died without a priest. Msuy things happened which they knew nothing about. God will not be mocked. It was mockery when they trampled on His Mercy, which called tbem from the slavery of Satan to tho happiness of life of grace und virtue. This might be the lut opportunity to some present with hardened hearts to muke peace with God beforo being called to tbe lost tribunal. They should not delay. When they heard the church bolls ringing it wu calling for a change of life. It wss a mercy God hod actually deigned to give them another call, at the eleventh hour. They could Sot pardon for their sins and the grace of eaus Christ in their souls. They should not delay, hut follow the beautiful example act by Mary Magdalen. Sbo was in a good family, bul a host of admirers, in fact all money could give her, but when the call csme she had re sponded notwithstanding that eyes glanced and tongues wagged. She had for2000 years lived a life of happiness of Heaven ; but if aho had not listened to the voice of the Lord and broken off her old companions, who could tell if thoso 2000 years would not have been spent in tho torments of Hell. This should teach us to avail our selves of the opportunity when the call came. Some wore straying away, but tlicy wero all called— so tuat there would bo only one tlock and one shepherd to pour out the graces to those who hoarkou to His voice. Lst thorn hearken to His voico during tlio Misiion. Tiiey should uk themselves tbo question to 'which class did they belong, and then make up their inind to do all tuey could do to serve God, so that in the end they could die with a firm hope of Uvlng in His fond embrace. Let tlicm all join in a chorus of praise and iuilsme their hearts with the love of God, so that they might be kept in the way of salvation. Let them ask tho Blessed Lady to pray for them. She had helped them before and woald'do'-ab again. Thoy would be keeping .tt)e feat of the Pentecoitas it should be observed by vuimog in iuv jiaiwioo, anu would no listening to the word of God, which would purchase for them all the-blossiag of eternity. There was another full church at devo tions in the eveuining— in fact many could not obtain seats. Father Dolaney, of Obiltorn, said the prayers, and Father 0'Farrell| tho Missionary, preached another eloquent sermon, lio again im pressed on uis hearers, before commenc ing his discourse, that the services during tho coming woek would not constitute anything like a new Mission. Tho inten tion was merely to renew that spirit which animated thorn all during the timo of tho Mission, and there would scarcely bo tbo excitement and 44 noise " as at the time of the Mission. It wasthelntootion to complete and consolidate, is it were, tho work previously done, and during the weok tho sermons would hot be so long and the- instructions more compendious than daring the ' time of tho Mission. Tbey would have great opportunities by taking part in the spiritual exercises dur ing tho coming week. His reverence then reminded them of different truths and spoke of tho dally acts it was neces sary to follow. He trusted thoy bad all been saying the rosary since the time of the Mission snd referred to the necessity which existed for them to mako an exami nation of themselves to see bow they were gotting oo. The text of tbe oermon wu taken from the 10th chapter of St. Luke, pars of the 42nd verse, "But one thiog is necessary." He said tuat when we looked around in the world in which we moved,- and saw what meu are doing, snd observed the motives which inspired and guided them, we were forced to think that the grestest part of the human race' never regarded the words of the text u having come from tbelipaof Jesua Christ They could go into the city, through tbe crowded streets, and Inquire of the meu who were to be seen hurrying to and fro what they wero doiug; what business absorbed their wholu attention and carried away their hearts, and it would be found that they were trying to advance tueir position in the world. Ask another man why he got up so early io the morning and spent such loog hours in his office, and be would tell you that ho wu working to make a living for himself and family and a competence for life. If we seo them in tho night-time they , would bo found all hurrying off to amuso themselves — to a banquet, perhaps; or a public meeting or theatre. But bow few wero to be found trying to oave their immortal souls— tbe real business for which thoy bad boon sent into tho world, and tho most important business which should sttract attention. If thoy wero successful it would bo gslu for over. But it would appear as if tho Lord hod never given them warning nor spoken the great truth of tho one thing necessary, which wu to secure the salvatiou of their souk Why this indifferonco, and why tiiey did not moot more ofton and with more fervour, as they did in olden times, he could not understand. Tho first lesson in their catechism impressed upon them that God crested them to serve Him, and save their souls and thus gain everlasting life. It wu a simple truth learnt so long ago, but a lesson alt too soon forgotten ; in fact, it practically seemed u if tho lesson had never been learot at all. What was the reason for thia remissness of duly 7 Wu it because tlio mother that taught them wu not living or because it wu not preached to them or found in all the good books taken up t God spoke to tbem in a voico louder than a trumpet sound u to the savlog of their immortal souls, and evidences- of llis great works could be seen on every hand ; but, above all. His chief creation was man, msdo to God's own likeness, with sn immortal soul, with a power of love and hate. And they could servo Him1 hero bolow and then bring their souls to Heaven, for which they had been created. Outside themselves they could look at the mighty ocean, the great mountains, green valleys, flowering shrubs, and beautiful tb- k»"l» itwldod with II milUouot itm, lb. ran and nioon to guide them on their way by day and by night. Wbat were all these things made for? God did not require them. Were they necessary for Uis ex istence or happiness? No, tlicy wero created for us all— tho gifts of God. When He put man into the world it wu to be as muter of the universe, but He first of all created a pklsco for them to live in. Kvery work in creation reminded them of the one thiog ueeessary— to save their immortal souls. Everything in the ma terial world wu u u voice exuorting them, because they were works of God. But there wu soother world round about them —a spiritual world— a world of marvels and wonders wrought by the same God to exhort theui to win salvation for their souls. God never had a beginning, but still they could see I!hu coming uown from Hie borne In heaven to take up their own nature and live In the world u one of themselves, and in the lowliest form imaginable— a little baby. In a stable at Bethlehem we mo a little woepiug babe, unable to do anything but mako its wants known by crying. This wu the great God who supports the universe. It was m work of God, done by Him for wbat pdrpese t Only one, for ourulva- tion— to mako you love Him and thon live with Him in eternal gladness. Look if Him at the carpenter's beuch,with the drops of sweat falling from his brow. What a marvel that God should descend to such lowliness. Why is this 7 Surely it wu not necessary for God's happiness and glory all this humiliation 7 No, it wu done for you. But look onco mora and ue this uod-man going along tho roads in Judea, his feet bleeding from long and rough journeys, snft hungry. Why did God endure this weariness and fatigue! Simply because Ho enrae to save louls. Look at Him enduring tbe cruel scoffs of soldiers, and see the blood falling from bis wounds. What did he do this for 7 And the Mine reply again ; lie came to make you love God and event-' uslly gain eternal happiness. Go to the Cross and what would you hetr 7 You would bear a silent voice appealing to you —a voice from every wonnd in Jesus uk- ins vou to save vour souls and vincr » rt is for thee I am suffering and dyiog and giving my lifo-blood on this cress. Thcso were remiuders sufficient to pierce the hardest hearts. The work of redemption wu still going oo, and Christ wu doing His great work for their souls and His. The foundation of tbe Church 1900 years bo wu the work of tho Holy Ghost. Would there be any use io the world for the Church 7 Only one— for the solvation of souls. Why did they have tbe Pope, bishops and priests, the seven sacraments, Holy Mass and all that wu being dona in Cilia liurch 7 Why wu ha (the preacher) before tbem tbst night f For one purpose only— the salvation of their souls. Everything around them reminded them of the great truth, and that only one thing wu supremely necessary and tbat wu to saro their immortal souls. Turning to things above them (and there, too, they would hear exhorta tions to do the one thing necessary) Heaven, with alt its riches, joys ami delights— so greet, indeed, that no roan could conceive them. What wu ncavon for 7 He woutd uk them if they remem bered their school days. The teacher would offer prise conditionally that the work wu well done during the year, and Ueaven wu the prise offered by God if the work aet them wu dono— and that work consisted of saviug thciraouls. God wu a Heaven in Hitnsilf, and why did Ho create such a palace with its streets of glittering gold and gladness? He created it for us us ao encouragement to love Him and serve Him and thus win the prize. In Heaven there wu some thing beaido riches, &c.; ; there was God Utmself, and if they could penetrate through tbo starry skies and see how He wu occupied— what He wu thinking and working for— it would be found tbat He was working for tho "one thing necas- earyJ' He wu thinking and watehing to uo if we ware doing tbe work set us— the one .thing necessary." Ifthe 8aiots gained the prize of averlutins life, aurelv we qqght to follow in their footatepe by siring our souls duriog the little time we aro tn thia world. If the Saints could speak what could they sty to you 7 You know jt well, dear brethren, they would say — Dear brothers and sisters, save your soul and ba happy in God's own Kingdom with ut." Departed oner, loo, if thoy conld come back would givo the same advice. All above and below ex horted them, and if soother motive wu , necessary he might toll them to look down and tbey would hear many a voice saying, 'Go and savo your souls." The very gates of Hell would say, "Go and save your souls if you do not want to come in haro." Listen to the noise of the flames— there wu theisms warning in tbem. The rev. speaker referred to the rich man and Lazarus, and pointed out that money could not save them. . If such could retorn to this world world they would tell us where the neces sity came in for saving their souls and giving their service to God instead of to the world. Some men went for money and position, fame and glory ; they thought everything wu in a name, and indulged in aU tho pleasures they conld, snd of having a jolly time. They would now see their folly, and would advise tbem not to follow their example ; but to walk in the way marked out by God in the commandments — the way to overlut- inglife. They hid chorea the broad way which led to everlasting torment. Let tbem all examine themselves, and see if they had been raving their souls or doing their best to lose them, and working in coqunetion with the devil in. a life of slough, intemperance and impurity. Lot them.uk themselves the question/4 If i . were called on to-night to give on account of my stewardship wbit should! answer?" - Ashamed and terror-stricken some would cry out for mercy when it wu too late. But it was not too late now. If they hod turned away from their duty they should fhenk God tint it wu not too late to ssy, My God, I am sorry I have acted blindly and foolishly : I have seen my error,' and have liped u ifcl hated Thee, and this is th ntlim i hhtf m»lA A.. h.n.Ri. ... reivM."' 'Suppose', thoy took into their . service a boy whose 'father and mother happened to be good, honest poople, ua means of assisting them. The boy's work would bo pointed out to him, and ho would be expected to do it.. But after a ' time the boy grows negligent and neglects his duties. Woald a muter have patience and keep him on .for years when be wu doing wrong? No, you would send him away to his home. How often have you nd I deserved etmilar treatment from Godf ' The preacher concluded an elo quent discourse by exhorting his hearers 10 Vnyto Ged, asking forgiveness for past negligence, snd pointed out that God created them io lovo and serve Him, a lesson which was too often forgotten. For Ohlidroc's Hacking Cough at night Woods' Great jPepperiotnt Cure. It. oil. Messrs. A. 'A. Pigqln & Co. Hold a special salo tf sheep and cattle at their local yards or Friday noxt. Ford an Co'h. Cinematograph— The .above iompany will exhibit at the ' School of AHs on Thursday next. Among the animate! pictures to Go exhibited are excellent reproductions of a bull fight, railway tranc (in which approaching 'and receding trfins in a tunnel aregrapbioally shown, ovei the steam faeiog plainly dis cernible) ; tho rush and bustle usually at tendant oatbe arrival of an express train, a representation of a fire brigade at work ; while inotler picture will let the audUnca into torae'jf the mysteries connected 'with the produaion of tho succulent eausage. Tbe marci of the famous 4 1 BIock'WatcE," and an arirasted'picture of ColHas- street, and the jrowd leaving Melbourne Orioket Ground will alto be shown. The audi ence wil alio be shown some excellent biograjh pictures of incidents of the war now Ming m South Africa, including hkenaura of Generals Boiler, Whit>, Baden-Powell, snd other war nota- bilitiis, also the late Major Eddy, and other members of tfaa first oontinnnt. . : : \ 