I •rsmT is reputed to be worth £100,OCO, S a Melbourne opera season, "tightest place I was ever m," said an L' to an audience m a Heimngton bar, r It lo" It happened this way. I poSly^ettleileountryin Western XWales, and had camped for the night vhen it came 011 raining like the ,„„ J\ w I mapped myself in my rug id into a long hollow log. It was a fotlit, I tell you, but as dry as a bone, • soon I fell asleep, and slept splendidly ^ mording, when I found myself ,0 tight in that log that I could hardly ^ Something I'd eaten had disagreed ,e or I'd taken some ailment. Anyhow, jledsomuch that I couldn't budge an inch, •tl stuck for forty-six hours, certain as i could be that I was a done man. But my jjsnot. quite run out yet. A cattleman's fed me out, and raised such a howlin •king that his owner investigated, .and," vered me, cut me out with an axe. I rfedtwenty miles to a hospital, an' stuck Ertliree months, raftering from something |IDawful Latin name." rcall Tasmania " the tight little island," 1 reason, too, judging by the experi- : a Melbourne commercial traveller, who frith a story of his experiences in a small ttownship. He struck the township early leafteraoon, and set about his business lately,Tjut to his disgust found the whole m an advanced state of mixed liquor. He ' a shop to shop; all in vain—nobody was In the batnifc^ t / S A J hoS tfJf. n ? sl ' ockl,1 g W humour, 1.lie hotel was full of drunks—the , drunk, ditto Mrs. Publican ; and even thj st a it boy had had several drops'too much PreS v the Boniface lurched into the parlour, and stared ?, * . J, 11S g ? ef \— fc , for a u. .moment. iiiumem, •• "Hullo? 1-1111 in i" lie said, " why don't you (hie ') set a W v™,. bishness? You'd better (hk ; Iget^overto-av old man, becaush everybody will be dranl- tl' morrow-it's old Tim' Hogan's birthdav tZ morrow." The drummer left by return coach. INEXPRKSSIBLY funny, save to one individual, pTrdpt HP incident at the Exhibition to a nomfcal" argument ThzT^f ^ ^ political aigun ent that a pickpocket relieved liirn or and a deposit recmnt, w penn T) rt interferes, and says": " Please, sir, while you have been talking your little boy has eaten hiteen early strawberries at half-a-crown apiece !" THERE has been a haunted-house 110^6 SCare scare ln in St. KitdTandiT^PPv^'inr^"; £ a S h o ^ qnite a decent attempt f^Lr^vHl Lt c ? 'r luCed t,US tluie The - house, which ib a secluded one near the sea, had family been enipty who had for an some idea time, of taking and the a father place went of a in the dusk of the evening to look it over He found the house pretty dark, and had turned the knob of the drawin groom door, and was about to enter, when a pale, eerie, nebulous vision rose up before him, spreading wide arms, and shaking strange diaphanous draperies almost in his face. Shutting that door with a bang, the visitor turned, and fled madly from the place, leaving the front door wide open in his excitement. He rushed blindly to the nearest hotel, and there had a sort of dizzy fit in the bar, from which it took about half-a-bottle of whisky to revive him. After which he told a wondering knot of men his story of the grizzly ghost in the haunted hoi a P» U or ' V^'H Afte J assistance If YnS! round ', and I1 assistant nf o U filing viiuiuu in 111 tJie wie ^^cance abbistance ot a policeman, the party nm-fv walked woR-ori out n„f cautioiwlv in a SoWin, and entered out a o fewtJpntr t. V J' e P°^lcenian j not with- wicninorL, ^ em ° rS and J <l ualms ' opened the drawmgroom Hi» dooi, 1 • and r up 1 again "e" 1 " before uciuie them mem all an rose locking shape, shaking its gossamer-like £S3 ™ breez «> and rising till its \- 6ad 8Cra E ed the roof - The crowd pitched n ™ y e l a n d . i , A ed witji WIL)II U a WLLU wild BURAMOIE. scramble. Only one was left, and be was left because he_was knocked over in the rush. He came out, laughing aud and lieaping hfin.mno-rJorioi^n derision o^ «« hit friends i The "host ° WAS merely the down from thosTgreat b lrSshes h as ornaments. The last tenant , ad left half-a-dozen in the place - these liad shed, tllftir WlTlfTO/l cnadf •#-11 4-1,-w. 1 / i l UNDER the influence of the recent women's nghts agitation our girls are rapidly becoming political The writer got into a St. Kilda railway • ° ther n ]" ht in which there were live f rangm gln age r0 meighteen to twenty-two, f ld the time they entered the carriage to t h ? moment they left it they talked nothing but Politics, and talked with vehemence of Parliameutary candidates. Before they reached South Melbourne they had elected all the members of the Federal Parliament, at Albert Park the and of the first Ministry was definitely settled, latform by by the the all time the train at the St. Kilda .11 time the tlie great tram * political arrived at reforms tlie ftt. of iviiaa the coming century were neatly arranged and firmly resolvld i uoui i upon/ u|/uu, Writer 11 I luci was >rao reminded lqiuiuuou of vi the.lady wiv.iwuj who complained bitterly that it took Parliament three weeks to settle one little bill, whereas she could settle all hers within ten miaufces if she only had the money. WHEN you go to lookup a barrister in Selbourne Chamber s > and you see pinned on lus door a small card wi t > '\ Gone t tl « l 1 f Library " written on it, you need not expect the barrister to be lu lus ol£ce for the next two or three hours. "Gone to the Library" is very convenient, for it may, mean down town, the nearest pub, afternoon tea with a young lady, a visit to a friend's office, a private i i * , .-..i i t " in general, blamed on Library. Sometimes by accident you will find the man there reading, but, as a rule, this does not occur often. Solicitors and articled clerks have another legend. Theirs is "Gone to Titles Office," or " Crown Lands Department." That juiat is meant to convey toyoutne the idea ttiat that they are searching for some document that will take them half-a day, but if you stroll down the Block vou you will will srenemllv generally find find that that that that is is their their " Titles Office." " You see," explained one, with a wink, "' Titles Office ' means 'half-a-day, ' Crown Lands ' another half, and if you stick them both down it's a day off. Good idea, isn't it:" - 