BEHIND A VEIL. By MRS. C. N. "WILLIAMSON, Author of 'His Grace," "The Secret of the Pearls," "The House by the Ich," "Queen Sweetheart, "A Man from the Dark," "Fortune's Sport," "The Isewspaper Girl, etc. CHAPTER VTII.— ' WHEN THE CAN DLE WENT OUT. Mary Desmond s hesitation wasnotoorn of fear lest she should commit a deadly sin in leaving the convent. She had been induced to enter it by a falsehood. She was a novice, and had a right to go at the end of the time for tvhieh she had made her vows. But that right had been de nied, and it had heen Intimated that she would be kept, if necessary by force. Therefore, it seemed to Mary that it would be no unpardonable sin to go, if the chance came, before the time had expired, since she could not expect that Provi dence would send more than one sucli chance before the day when she must take her final vows. Remembering the cold light of immut able resolve in the Mother's eyes, Mary felt that somehow, protest as she might, if she stayed now, she would end by tak ing these vows. She might appeal, but she felt certain now that her appeal would be in vain. As she had been told, she would only bruise body and soul against a wall of stone. To attempt escape without help from outside would be absolutely hopeless. It might be that George Tristram's strength could break out the bars from her window, but her little hands could not do it alone; thus, even self-destruction by drowning in the lake, if life became unbearable, was for bidden her. She could not climb the high wall that shut in the prim convent gar den, and the portress was never absent from the great locked gates. All this Mary told hersei", and yet— and yet— to take such a step as George Tristram pro posed she should take this very night seemed almost beyond her power. Months of privation and hopelessness had weakened her body and broken her nerve. She thought of the precipice un der her window down to the lake, which .George Tristram asked her to descend on a rope ladder, and she shuddered In sheer physical terror. She thought of the scene in the convent when her absence should be discovered, of the second scan dal in her life, which appeared the more terrible because of the accusations that had been flung at her like flaming brands that last night at Falconberg. Each one had left a scar, which throbbed and burnt still in the dark hours when she lay awake. This thing which she was aslted to do was far more daring, far more cap able of hideous misconstruction, than the thing she had done before — the thing which had cost her liberty. Was H worth while to rack her nerves by running such a tremendous risk, when she had only to live on and endure for a few more years, before she found peace of mind, as each member of this Sisterhood had seemed to find it? In the envelope which had held George Tristram's letter he had placed a small 1 pencil and a blank sheet of paper. "I thank you with all my heart and soul for what you have done," she began to write, and the thought which she meant to end was, "Yet I dare not do what you propose." But the very words as she wrote them, the memory of all that he had done — and for her — cried out against her decision as cowardice, ingratitude- He had risked so much for her, ar.d she was making of it all a failure. For a moment her pencil wavered over the paper, then it travelled quickly. "And if you will help me I will do my best to be brave," she finished. Then, folding the paper up, she weighted it with the pencil, tying both together on the end of the string. She could picture all that was happen ing, after she had let it down. Twenty feet below her window he was standing on a narrow ledge of rock, where present ly, it might be, she too would be stand ing, though now that seemed incredible. He had received her answer, he was un tying the paper, he had lighted a wax match, perhaps, to read what she had "written. Now he had thrust the letter into his pocket, and was tying the heavy, rope ladder to the thin cord she had sent down. None of these things could she see, for the bars across her window were set so close that she could not put out her head to look at what lay Immediately be low, but her imagination gave her each detail, and suddenly she bowed her face bet-ween her hands, as If to hide even from herself the wave of color that swept over it with a thought. How could she ever have hesitated and been afraid when, whatever came of this night's work, she would be with him? Soon, in a few minutes more, she wouid see his face- He would not teil her now that he loved her, but one day he would tell her, and ask her to be his wife. She would be happy, after ail this misery which she had believed would drag on till death. And when they were together in dear England the past wouid seem only like a nightmare from which she had awakened. He had finished his preparations, for again she felt the teii-tale jerk of the string. She wound it up hurriedly, and there, at last, was the end, twisted and knotted round one of the big iron, hooks of the rope ladder. Mary had regr tted yesterday that she did not sleep on Bister Anna Theresa s floor, so that she might have the .same outlook, but now she was thankful above all things to be on the lower story of the wing. Had there been a window of an occupied cell below hers, no one could have come up or gone down without be ing heard. ; She tried the bars, lest there should be danger of their giving way when exposed to the strain of Tristram's weight as he came up the ladder, but all were appar ently firm— too firm,, perhaps, for success later, Mary feared— and then she pro ceeded to secure the hooks, suspending the ladder from the two bars furthest apart. Her candle, guttering and smoking in its tin stick on the stone floor was still alight, and before she could have believed it possible, two hands appeared on the bars which held the hooks, then George Tristram's face looked In at her, with only the grating for a barrier. At sight of him, so near, so strong to save, self-control broke down, and, hold ing out her hands, which he caught, and impetuously carried to liis lips, she burst into a storm of tears. It took all his strength, all his determin ation, to keep back the words of passion ate love that rushed to his lips, but he did keep them back, and even a friend may kiss the hands of a woman who has suf fered much, and whom he has come to save. Even by the wavering candle-light his yearning eyes could see how thin she was, how ghastly pale the little white face set In its frame of dusky hair, and as for a moment he held fast the hands he had kissed, tears rose and stung his eyelids. "Poor child! Poor child!" he stammer ed, when his words would have caressed her, If he had let them come at will. "How you must have suffered in this horrible place." "They told me you were dead: that it was through my fault. And so it seemed that nothing else could matter," sobbed the girl, not thinking how much meaning might be read into that confession. "I can never tell you what I felt when I saw you in the boat yesterday, and knew that they had lied." "Then it is through me that you are here!" he exclaimed, his heart in his eyes, and the low earnest tone of his voice. "All the more reason that I should take you away. And, Heaven helping me, I will do that before many minutes have passed over our heads. I must leave two of the bars for the lad der, but the other three pan be spared, and when I have got rid of them I will help you through the window. The space would not be wide enough to let my shoulders through, but it will let your slim little body pass, and all the rest is easy." He spoke cheerily, and Mary felt her spirits rise. She had infinite trust in Ibim, and she was no longer abjectly 5aaa; 'below. Inrilence She. looked while Tristrani opened.. Tils knife 'and began with a large kfeeil' blade' to. dig' out 4 thb mortar 'thiCt held the first bhr ln'place. Tri the' hoi- lowed pal in pf.'iiis'Teft hand/he caught the pieces of 'cement as they loosened; to prevent, the rattling noise they woula make if they fell Scatter! ng On the rocks beneath- "When 'his palm was ready to! overflow, be passed Its contents bet- tween the bars to Mary, who laid thd rough, broken bits of mortar on thei bed. "This is an easier job even than £ thought," Tristram whispered. " The work is very old, and as the window is small and high, overhanging a difficult bit to climb, it was probably not thought necessary to fasten the bars as if to re- sist the attack of an enemy. Look, thei first one is almost out already." Mary looked, and rejoiced witH a fearful joy as he . shook thei rusty iron rod in its place. Both wera absolutely absorbed in the work of th moment, and neither heard the faint sound of a clicking latch, as the door was cautiously pushed open, at first only an) inch or two, then a little further, i "There — it's out!' ' " Sister Anna Theresa could understand! many nf the simpler English words, and! these were the first that reached her ears as she peeped into Sister Marie Mag dalene's cell. Upstairs, lying awake when she might; have slept, thinking over the events oil yesterday and to-day, she had fancied! that she heard something unusual. Tfaerai were rats in the old convent, regiments of rats, hut their depredations were most ly confined to that part of ifae building; nearest the kitchen and refectory. Some times, however, they came further afield, and scratched and sharpened their long teeth on the rough stones inside the an cient walls of the novices' dormitory wing. Sister Anna Theresa had keen ears that matched her quick suspicions, and when she had listened, holding hefl breath for a moment, she had decided that these strange night noises were not due to rats. She rose, and standing up on her toedj as she always had to do, if she would sea more than a patch of sky in the out side world, she looked from the window Nothing was to be seen unless— was there not a faint luminousness, like a bright cloud, floating below? "It looked very much as if Sister Marie Magdalend (whose cell window was directly undefl hers) had her candle lighted at a- for bidden hour. And there was a sound again. The elder novice drew back and stepped to the ground. She wondered very much what was going on dowij there. In a place where there was so little excitement, it was insufferable that) anything should be happening, and she( miss knowing what it was. Besides, thi$ was her affair. She had provided th«l sensation for Sister Marie Magdalene, ... . , . ii l - 1 .kn.oil nt 1a.Oc4I and It was ngnt mat sne jsuuuju at «««« share it. _ Sister Anna Theresa had seen the rea) i letters on the canvas displayed under! the windows early that morning, fori every spare moment of her time since th day before had been spent with her facoi at the bars, iter jealous, curious eyes oul the lake. Sister Marie Magdaiene had not confided in her. If the younger girl had done this, the elder might have ended by pardoning heri for having a lover. As it was. sullepi malice had been growing, weed-like, Ifli Sister Anna Theresa's heart all day. "She's moving in her cell," said the nof vice, as she began hastily putting on hefi day garments. "I'll go down and say 33 heard her all the way upstairs, and warn her to be quiet. Then I'll make her tell me everything." She did not light the candle, but found! her things in the. dark, lit only by tha purple, star- jewelled, loud-swept square! set high in the cell wall. The professed nuns of the Order wore their feet bare1, the novices had coarse sandals, and, slipping into these, Sister Anna Theresa patted softly out into the corridor. Shq| groped her way along, _with her hand onl the cold stone of the wall, so to the stairs way; and Sister Marie Magdalene's doot! finally revealed itself toy the thin, glit-t tering rim of light, like a gilt-edge oh) the page of a book. All was silent on the other side as she( bent to listen; or, no, there was a curiouB inexplicable noise, very slight, yet corn centrated into distinctness in the vasj silence of the sleeping convent. It was as if the inmate of the cell were rubbing a piece of metal against stone. Unabll to bear suspense longer, the woman! crouching in the darkness softly turned the handle of the door. Inch by inca she stealthily opened it, until she heard! — not the voice of a woman in hysterical babblings, as she had fancied, but aj man's tones— excited, triumphant, and saw that which well-nigh forced a crjjj of incredulous amazement from her lip®, A man's face looked in at the higlj! window, and a man's strong hands hep torn out the first bar of the cage. Afo ready, as the watcher at the door stared! from darkness into light, he was begins ning the task of dislodging the next. He worked with furious haste, as if fOfl life or death, and, at this rate, only fB few moments more and the second ban would yield- -A third gone, and — Sister! .Anna Theresa thought she knew whafl might happen then. .A wave of jealous rage swept over fieiji She cloaked the emotion, to her wwgj eyes, in the guise of righteous indigmSi tion; but deep In her heart She, kney that she hated the "girl whose loveri fought for her agaTnst the world, againsfl 4he. mighty power of the Church. ' ' There was no time to be lost, if thllf . . . c awful iaxjt' pf jsaicfllege were to be pre-! .venfed ; .anal without stopping to think, .tor to give herself a chance- of relenting, Sister Anna Theresa let. her passion, .-whirl her away witb its flooding tide, 111: s a flimsy b.oat torn from its moorings 5n the grip of a storm. Witli, noiseless, sandalled feet, she.;ran: lalong the stone-flagged passage, down itbe stairs, and -'through corridor after (corridor, till she paused breathless, with knuckles knocking an alarm on the door of the Mother Superior's celL Sharp iand quick rained the taps on the panel, like the rasping blows of a tree branch, "driven by the night wind against a pane. Of glass. In the cell on the other side there was a hasty stirring. The third bar was out. As Tristram gave the final jerk that dislodged it from the centuries-old niche among the Stones, the church clock tolled the four quarters, and then, after a pause as if for breath, boomed one heavy stroke for the first hour after midnight. At the same moment the candle-end, which had toeen stifling in its own grease, dropped Its flaming head, and was extinguished. iMary uttered a faint exclamation. "That doesn't matter now," Tristram consoled her.' "It's begun raining a little, but there's a star here and there, and the moon's come up behind the fciouds. Once you're outside, we shall have enough light. Stand on tip-toe, fend I'll help you up, with my hands on your waist. Don't be frightened. I won't let you fall." But the wind had risen, and was blow ing Mary's hair across her eyes. Every nerve in her body was throbbing. She had begun to be horribly frightened again, now that the moment was come. "Oh, wait— wait just one minute!" she implored, her little teeth clicking to gether with the nervous trembling that shook lier frame. "I can't see. My hair ,will blow all over my face and yours too, .While you help me down that dreadful ladder. Wait till I get my veil, and I'll wrap it over my .head like a hood. I know where it is— on the hook by the floor. I can find it in the dark." Firm, strong hands had already ' Sclasped her waist to lift her up, but with an impulsive movement she sprang away, and Tristram heard the light touch of her feet as she jumped from the bed to the stone floor. Then came a faint rustling, a stilled exclamation. He listened for her return in impatience, for he was desperately eager to be away, to have her out of prison, and feel that the goal of her free dom was within reach. "Have you found the veil?" he whis pered. She did not answer. The rustling had teased, and there was deep silence in the cell. It seemed to Tristram's excited imagination that the stillness held a different quality. It beat against his tars, like the soundless murmur of the sea in a shell. "Are you ready?" he asked again, a sharp note of anxiety keyed into his voice. Still no reply. A horrible fear grip ped Tristram by the throat. Had she been taken suddenly ill and fainted? Had the strain of excitement been too much for her heart, weakened by mfmths nf eTim finctofUlne? "When he had heard the slight exclam ation, hardly more than a whisper, W !ch had passed her lips while grop ing in the dark for her veil, he had guessed it to mean the irritation of nerves stretched well-nigh to breaking point, but perhaps it had meant more than that. Perhaps it had been a gasp of expiring consciousness as she sank in a swoon. At the thought his blood leaped to his head and pounded at the temples. "For God's sake, speak to me!" he en treated. No response; and liis vague, gnawing fear bit deep with the fierce fang of fcertainty. All hope that she might have ibeen listening for some fancied sound butside the door, refusing to satisfy him till It had died away, was gone; for be knew that she would not willingly have left his last appeal unanswered, even if she had but replied by a whispered "Hush!" Some horrible thing had happened 'there, within a few feet of him, while a jjmi ui. uai mic&a; euui uuwu gctwccii, "What if the shock has killed her? IWhat If she be dead?" a voice seemed to hiss in his ear; but he would not listen. He shook off the doleful pres- fence as If it had been some coiling rep tile, striving to force his broad shoul- 0ers through the aperture of the win- 'dow. He might as well have tried to -push his way into a rat-hole; but he gritted his teeth together, and would not give up. Tristram did not doubt now that Mary liad fallen, and was lying unconscious, - deaf to'his words, lost to him and to the .world, if his heart proved faint. Yet there was but one way to reach her, and that was by tearing out a fourth bar, to add to the three that the girl had taken from his hands, and laid noiselessly down on her bed. Only two bars were left of the five that had caged the window, and each one supported an Iron hook of the rope ladder on which he stood hanging over the precipice. The bars were set in vertically, and were not long enough to be laid borizontally- iacross inside the window, or all might safely have been removed. For bim- Eelf, this did not matter. If the ladder Were suspended from one hook only, he jbould cling on, and he could get down &gain; — alone — but not with Mary. Still, there was nothing else for it. EThe fourth bar would have to go, since fce must find entrance to the cell; and When Mary had been revived- he might phiSsuade her to let him lower her, tlefli to the rope,, from the window .to the ' narrow ledge twenty feet below. _ After wards, itwould be simple enough for him to follow. Buoying himself with this last hope, he tore out the fourth bar with such desperate haste that he cut the skin of hls-fingers, feeling nothing, wondering why his hands were wet. At last he could fling the iron rod through the window, and guess that it fell on the bed where Mary had been standing, because its fall made no noise. Another moment, an3T he had pulled himself after, dropping down on the rustling straw mattress. Still not a sound In the cell. It might have been a vault, instead of a room In a house inhabited by many human beings. He had tried lighting a match to look through the window and break the pall of darkness, but so had the tiny flame flickered in the wind before it died that he could see nothing in the cell. The floor where he pictured Mary lying was deeply carpeted with shadow that only seemed to thicken under the travelling spark of his vesta. Once inside, however, the wind's breath could not reach a match held in the hollow of his hand. Tristram's heart was knocking against his side like strokes of a hammer, as once again he drew out his matchbox. There was tragedy in the deathly silence. He feared what he might have to see, yet there was no time for hesitation. He drew another wax vesta across the roughened metal base of the box, and a flame leaped up. For a second or two he saw only it, like a yellow star on a background of darkness ; then the walls of stone seemed to. spring from the dusk, straight at his eyes. There was a shrine; a nail, from which the white folds of a veil draped, glimmering white as a ghost floating in the gloom. There was the black outline of the poor nar row bed under the window; there was the bare greyness of uncovered floor. No prostrate figure lay stretched along the stones. He was alone In the cell. (To be continued.) 