CHURCH PROGRESS. THE VOICE OF THE CENTURY. The Rev. J. (M. Bayley, president of thej Congregational Union, delivered his annual address on Tuesday evening under the title' of " The Voice of the Century." In the course of bis remarks, he said : . We glory in this freedom to s?aich for truth, and to adjust our theology to the iuller and cleanr revelation of God, which may result from this fuller knowledge and Increased spiritual insight. Congregational thinkeis and loaders of thought bave, in the exercise of this freedom, teen prominent during the century now closing, and es- pecially during tho last half of it, in lead- ing thoir fellow Christians inlo a moro satisfying understanding of the Scriptures.. The names of 'Ralph Waidlaw; R. W. Dale, -A. M. Fairbairn, Pye Smith, Alex. Mac Kennal, Peter Forsyth, 'Robert Horton, Joseph Gilbert, Joseph (Parker, Robert Holley, Alex. Raleigh, and Dr. Raffles, in Great Britain ; and Drs, H. W. Beecher, Lyman Abbott, Washington Gladden, E. A. Paik, and others, in America, are amongst those of our denomination, wh03e searchinga ai'to" truth has íesulted in many discoveries of thought which, recorded In their printed woikä, h.ive found a place in the libraries of the best men in all the churches, to the great delight and profit of those ministers and the congregations to whom they ha<ve ministered. I do not forget that in creei bound churches, fresh light and new views of Scripture truth have forced themselves upon tho minds and hearts of earnest students of Hi" .nu,.- «-!?- - . . uue .Dime. Anglican ministers have felt compelled to teach doctrines which are in- consistent with some of the articles of faith to which they have subscribed, and whicti they are pledged to preach. So much has this been the case, that there is a very wide- spread conviction among the Anglican clergy that the time has come when the authorised prayer-book should be carefully revised. SPIRIT OF FREEDOM. In the Presbyterian and IMc-thodist Churches, the ministers of which are .pledged to written creeds, the doctrines of which thosí ministeis, so long as they remain in thosa denominations, are expected to .believe and preach, many have felt compelled by honest conviction to discard some o£ the doctrines which form part of the Chuich I theology, and to teach doctrines differing therefrom whioh they believe they have been taught .by the Holy Spirit to be true. How often have men, admittedly pious and useful ministers, been cast out of their churches on the charge of heresy ? But, notwith- standing all such opposition, thi3 spirit of theological freedom has been d&veloplng; in all the Churches, and some doctrines which ?universally taught iu the Churches fifty years ago, have been seen to be a, wrong in- terpretation of God's word, and have ceassd to be preached ; while better views of God and His dealings with men have been ob- tained, and are now generally taught. The perfect and final interpretation of Scriptural truth has not yet been reacheJ, and the years of the coming century will doubtless reveal the error of some views of truth which we now believe and teach, and will bring to light a still more glorious and correct interpretation of the Holy iBook we all love, because we know it contains the revelation of God's will concerning man. The .Rev. Dr. Guinness Rogers said recently, " I regard the century Just closing as the century of emancipation. Christian teach- ing, thinking, and feeling has been set free to an extent our fathers would lime thought incred.ble, and perhaps dangerous. To-day we preach not another Gospel, but a 'broader, freer con- ception of the old Gospel. . To-day we have a fairer, more beautiful, and more winning view of the Atonement, and realise that salvation does not depend on a point of doctrine. I do not undervalue beliefs, but orthodoxy doe3 not save a man if his faith is cold and his life incon- sistent. The century has freed us from some- of the fetters Of the past, and has enabled us to go out into the new century moro fitted to meet its opportunities and its dlfllculities, and to touch its coldness and indifference." Let me utter TWO WARNINGS. Let us who are ministers take great care lest we are led to pronound [ uvw tneones, ana to utter all the imagin- ings and speculations of our little intel- lects. We must hold fast with great ten aolty the truths which have been commonly believed amongst us, until by the force of overpowering conviction, after most prayer- ful and careíul study of God's Word, we lind that it would be disloyalty to conscience to keep silence in respect to new views of truth we believe God has given us. And let us bo also very careful lest, in our own honest love for the dodtrines we have long believed, we denounce as false teachers any Who may see in God's Word what we cannot see, and teach as truth that which appears to us to be false. We Congregationalists glory in our freedom, but is not our prac- tice sometimes very different to our profes- sions ? In regard to those great funda- mental doctrines of the Gospel, which the universal Christian Church >has ever held to be essential to the salvation of men, we must maln'tain that all our Ministers shall preach them, but in regard to other doc- trines, not fundamental, and in respect to the Interpretation of Scriptural 'language which is not very olear, we must ever ex- ercise a wise spirit of Christian charity. Dr. George Park Fisher, in his " His- tory of Christian Doctrine," says . "The work of theological reconstruction must be done. It can only be done effectively when tlie religious faith and ardour of the Church ¡are intense, and when robust genius and massive learning are united with saintly dovotlon. 'A theology which is the creation of a poor and degraded religious life will have neither stability nor grandeur. .We must all become BETTER CHRISTIANS Before we can hope to see great theo- logians. Meanwhile - and this perhaps is the lesson of the hour - all evan- gelical 'Christians should frankly re- cognise that the evangelical theology not the evangelical faith - is passing through a period of transition. We should not rigorously Insist on the accept- ance, either of the subordinate details of our creed, or of the scientific forms in which we are accustomed to state even its regal and central articles. It would be treason to truth to trifle with the iniimortal sub- stance of the gospel of Christ ; it would bo treason to charity to refuse to receive as brethren those who may differ from us about the theological forms in which the substance of the gospel may be best ex- pressed." These are weighty and wise words, and deterve our serious extention, i _tv friends, at the close of this century we thank God for the progress made in theol- ogical thought, and that, in the fuller light o£ these IStter dayp we believe,, as flnmly ás our fathers'ever believed,.that the Bible is the inspired word of God.^that the Lord Jesus iChrlst is the only Saviour-for'sinful men, and that the (Holy Ghost is the only power that can (regenerate and purify a sin-stricken world. The history of the past century speaks to us of progress made in regard to the Congregational idea of Church polity. iCongregationallets have over pro- tested against State aid to religion, and .maintained the right a! every Christian con- gregation of believers to'elect Its own offi- cers, and manage its own affairs. Oui fathers maintained, of ton at the .cost of lilberty and life, this principle, that the members of each Christian congregation are authorised by their Master, Jesus Christ, to carry on worship and work in His nai_e for the establishment of His kingdom. They also believed and taught .that the State had no right to Interfere with the religious con- victions of the people, so long as those con- victions did not interfere with the rights of other people, or the safety of the State-, That is the Congregational idea to-day. Our principles have been slowly but isurely win- ning their way during the century uiraong Christian peoples. Siato aid to religion U dying very slowly In the old lands from whence most of us came, bul here in Aus- tralia It is legally dead. PROGRESS Oij' CONGREGATIONALISM. After giving statistics showing the growth of Congi egationalism in other parts of the World, the President went on to say :-In Queensland wo have at present thirty-three churches, with sixteen ministers, vvhiun can no;t be considered at all satisfactory, especi- ally when we remember that at the Jubi- lee of Australasian Congregationalism, held lu Sydney 'seventeen years ago, It was re- ported that there were then forty-five Churches with -sixteen ministers in this colony. The independence of each Congre- gational Church 'has in some cases been ».," ,.",,.." v,f Jl^.>.> wIiIId til- iiiifottViPill ine cause oí aiEOiier, wuuc um uiiiiiiuuui ness oí soírie and the utter incapacity or other ministers have caused several of our 'churchßa in this colony to be closed. It is, however, feLt by many inteiesied in the spread of our great principles that bold efforts must be made to recover lost ground, and to plant our Congregational banners in other of the rising (owns of thiB colony, where we 'have not yet had a represe_ta tion. The sympathetic letter just received from the Colonial Missionary Society, offer- ing substantial help towards this work, will, I (rust, spur us on to an energetic and courageous foi ward movement. Hie London " Dally News" recently said : -" Congregationalism in England ia going ahead by leaps and bounds." But the in- crease in Congregational Churches and membership doos not represent anything like the extent to which the principles ol our Church polity have influenced the Chris- tian world. In the Anglican Churches to- day the members of individual congrega- tions have a much larger share in the go- vernment of their churches than they for- merly enjoyed. In Brisbane, the other day, at a farewell meeting to an Anglican min- ister, Bishop Webber is reported to have said :-" Tho resignation was not duo to his influence. The ' call' came unsolicited from the Bundaberg Church, and the decision was left entirely to the minister as to whether he would accept it or not." That sound» like Congregationalism. Dr. Horton, in a recent speech at Hackney Collego, said : " Dr. Hatch and Dr. Hort, the two great Anglican scholars, working quite indepen- dently, had reached the same conclusions, and, though neither had used the term, proved themselves to be CongregationalisLs by the beliefs they held as to 'the character and constitution of the Primitive Apostolic Church." In the Methodist Church, much progress had been made in LIBERALISING ITS CHURCH POLITY. Again and again during the century great upheavals have resulted from the growth in that denomination of demoomtlc convictions clashing with ministerial conservatism, and causing other and more liberally constituted denomina- tions to be organised. And the principles of liberty for which thousands of earnest, thoughtful, and spiritually iminded men fought, and were compelled in consequence to leave the 'Church of their choice, have so largely permeated the minds of the Wes leyan community, that reforms have had to be made, and are at present being' made, which are enabling the various Methodist denominations in these colonies to unite in one large and powerful Methodist Church. The Baptists are Congregationallsts in Church government, and though not among the largest religious communions in Aus- tralia, they do occupy a very respectable position in these colonies, and many of their leading men, both ministerial and lay, have done splendid work for civil and religious liberty in these lands, while in Great Bri- tain, America, and ejsewhere, they are among the mighty in the noble anmy who fight for freedom. Believing, as O do, in the truth and sacredness of the principles which form the basis of our Church polity, (I rejoice to know that those principles have made so much progress during .the past century, and to .believe that in the new century they will make more rapid headway than ever, in laying hold of the intellect and affection of a liberty-loving people. The President went on to give an historical sketch of the growth of individual civil libel ty during the century ; dealing simi- larly with the gradually increasing regard for human life ; »nd the improvement in the social condition of the people. Touching the latter, he said the present widespread charity was not THE SOLUTION OF THE SOCIAL PROBLEM. TOIinf- moa Tionrlo/l maa Um romnvql nf tho obstacles which prevent millions of the people from obtaining a com- fortable livelihood. This must be the work of the 'Christian Church. The horrible sweating system must be put down, better opportunities for the poor must be provided, and the producer must have a fairer share of the profits of his labour. He believed there were indications that in/ the n'ot far distant future Christ would solve this difficult problem, and bring in the reign I of universal love between man and mau. Intemperance was a great curse to the nation ; but he tiaced the remarkable change in public opinion on this subject, and the growth o£ the total abstinence move- ment. In this connection, he declared strongly against the pioposal to legalise the opening of public-houses during a por- tion of Sunday. Open houses, he said, would be a constant temptation to men to enter, and would stimulate and foster the bad habit. " The people of this colony," he said, " do not want Sunday trading, and the remedy required is jiot an alteration of the law, but its honest and fearless ad- ministration." After glancing at the growth and results of missionary enterprise during ithe century, he spoke of the development of Christian love and charity between mem- bers of the different denominations, and the co-operation amongst the ministers and members of the free churches in various Christian gatherings and enterprises. He also spoke of the desirableness of spiritual love amongst all Christians, which would frequently prevent much waste of energy, time, and money in thinly-populated dis- tricts in these colonies, due to denomina- tional overlapping. In conclusion, he made earnest appeal for an appreciation of the immense opportunities presented at the opening of the new century, and for zealous work in the cause of Christ. 