[?] wmmsmLz nmm, THE FAKXABne rSOTAStE GIF AST Qjsrai-zaT aa,£££. JxiE.J contfes£.vvilb«nM/&tnJtlk.t;)frt«aiTii» Ih&t; J nppro&cc; smingrmnvnttaf wfti'cfct urn about do relate. Tbs >rwrjttf vltirh; C pnr- jKMie fielalling tat it w cwwnfliwrj' x. character -lbol 3 uto -pilbe nrnrpo- nC at xrmz. -»ni)-uv -uiiuBinu atiumno iTn uncvrnuity ;uot scorn. 3 ttOoepiaillmnmiWlinuf/E. 3 livp -on a -gnlet «itmss In Tiric. Ytut hov%e jt5vonH:3wpi£ &<nxtiwrtin&. Ik Iras -enjqyefi dordbe JesS awe yeas dot erjnUu- dion vi Beiug Imnrnea. Ib" Or .« Ikropf iwnf stately yes itlenoe. aammcSrc 5«r rvrw tmce n jnxrd en. bin -n tiien 5s xvr <mff $, gn%«t. Jnclosnre wefi dor dCnXtPX T5f« thy "basin -ol fanntui'tr,. an/fa. dew lmlWroos.jnu52tio2nnjmfrft£.ihril«itK ibd lhiE sped to -j« at <fuvrc tf\c,njlieaaentv shady retreat. £Ue6"srilbdttitt% .uvt ZttnrfKS,- anfidhc nwod.-tmin&ur-itf; -W2US3S. TbelonsettA«y«paciou<. ASoll 'aCaritfa nine Jeafic do o Jatpc «> mil stieiTTevm wlttril my dhroufa Its o«nrc. -vriilk- dbr \»trtrwr xneuts ore of Jntj-osrty: .firtuvulhrtft- Ee '.va«r- baili sorae-fifiwo -ordsvettty jrwrrf ;fnrt,. rtr it- weU-lmovk-c New Tori: .-towrisnK- wfor.. ffv, years uro. dhrew dbe otmmi'rtriaf vrrf£ mr.t conmlsionFbT atppenSopf limtti: fhvnh. Kit C8enpe3 doXurope, nofl 3/H2 nnc ;ifb»r nf n broken hunt Ahuus: uiamaflfttufy ibexjewEcf JiIf Swatse dh# «tnntry ana -was -verifivil, dbe sya£ tri. dnr : neyfhborbcrtfd d'mtt dbc "imxtc Xumxn&L; Iiegol anecsuref iiiS ktyjSrtssiH-xiX&vrat; its ioaner -owner, nvc & rtta- r«&dti; «£ mnrui y V s caretaker nnfl bir -wife . d was: By dhe bouac-uaen! Jmo -vrbo BsrJk ic ftiof jmBaed .lor -parpoMe it eulhifor ssfe- Tfoxit jecjile fiechxTeddhatdwy anofifivt witfc mm&tnnd; noises. 3>wi-Treti tijrT«£tlTnnt: npTViflloicncenev. The rwanwm it dnie scatterefl -\brtrss& dne is&sx; cssomx ftsssj Eariag tips, ph t \ otlinr Ay unknown hands, rnviaihle feet | jj.ti ituetc up- aiuf dawn the swir3 in broad day- j Uqht;. accompnitied by the mutle of unseen ; .etlk: dmsj-es and die gilding of viewless hands b along' tlm mnsslva hithinwr The caretaker ortiC hit wife declared they wouM live t!»ore no litngen. The hntiKC-ftcnC laughed, dist miiveii diem., and pueothera in their place, ;The nniKee and supernatural manifestations :eondhuedk The- neighborhood caught up the smryand-the hotwo remained untenanted for three- years.. 5t.iver.il perjona negotiated for . \t ? Ant; somehow always before the bargain w;w closed' they hoarif the nnpieasant rumorH, ; amC di'ciiuefL ra treat any furtber. ' Xc won iit cIilh stiv6j of things that oar land- ;Daly;. who wlblicd &> remove further uptown, . coneei \v<t die bold- idea of renting this house. Kappcnihg'&vhavvv; rather a plucky and pbi!- (fopHicol'secof hoarders, she laid her scheme : before \wr slating candi<Uj everything she i bad; Hearst repeating the ghostly qualities of ; di« estahJiehmenc U\ which she wished to re- | move un Widi die exception of two timid peraons— a. sea. capntin. and a returned Cali- fferni'an,. wha i'mmcdmtely gave notice that i they would lieava — all of ifrs Jfoffot's guests ' declaret thoc they would accompany her in ;ber chi'vafriir Ihcurafort fnto the abode of ispiriOL- i 0€ conne we had no sooner established tonnel'v- than- we Aegaa to expect the ghosts. jWe: aijiolure awaited- their advent with ! eagemfcw.. Outr dinner conversation was isunematuraL One of the boarders, who had parsihrtmwt Jfn Crowe's Night Side of Sanir.i " for hia own private dclectationr was cngsrf.'tf oh x public enemy by the entire jAonshold for not having bought twenty .<opif». The man led a life of supreme iwreseberineas while he was reading this ; volume- A syansnv of espionage was estab- ;lh!ii»ri;df whieh.hu was the victim If he in- jfitutiniyl'y laiit the Bonk down an instant iondlcfhdie room,, it was immediately seized , and aloud; ova select fcw I found my- snlfa -pprnonof immenne importance, it hav- ; mgi»aiied one that I was tolerably well ver3ed iit. die history of supernaturalism, and hod rinfjt written a. story tlie foundation of which i was- a ghost:., if a Cable or a wainscot panel happened- fo wavp when, we were assembled ; id die large drawing-room there was an in- ! ;snum silence,, and every oce was prepared for .m immediate clanking of ohains ondaspec- avth formw i Ws were in tfiie state when an incident j tuolr plhca At awful and inexplicable tn its oHarnc&r; tUoc my reason Luriy reefs at the j bare memory of the occurrence It was the luffldi-off July After dinner was over I re- j paired witit my friend Dr. Hammond to my ! ruoras: cotttkoourevenrngpipe. Independent jof oeraiiir menal sympatiiics which existed |6eraecn.tHadoctorandmy3elfr wc were linked : pother by a vicewe both- smoked opium. Wet kneir each: other's secret and respected it. ; W<t enjoyed together that wonderful expan sion: of thought,- that marvellous intensifying :of tlie pereeptive facaitfeSr that boundless j fooling of eristencc when: one seems to have pninot at foe whole universe— fn short, that nnfmngfirahfa- spiritual bliss which I would not; -mrrendcr for a throne, and which I hope yon;, reader,, will sever,, never taate Those: Hours of opium; happiness which the doctor and T- spent together in secret were regmkutth wltb: it scientific accuracy- We did nor blindly smo&a; the drag of paradfse, and fevvo: our dreams Co chance Whifo smoking, j wo. carefoily steered, our conversation through :dxa calmest channel's of thought We talked | of clio East,, and endeavored to recoil the maqt'eaf. panorama of Its glowing scenery. Wfeeriticised the most sensuous poets— those wfio- poi nted life ruddy with health, brimming witlt- passion happy in the possession of yontiL- and strcngthv and beauty. If we miked of Shakespeare's Tempestr" we fingered over Ariel', and avoided Caliban. nam sKurau coloring ot oar train ot thought produced in omr subsequent visions a corres ponding cane. The. spiendorr of Arabian flurt'y land dyed our dreams Houses, wails, and jtreetsr melted like r.iin-croudsr and vistas aC anlraagi'nabre glory scretched away before mrr Xt wna a. rapturous companionship. We enjhyed the vast delight more perfectly be cautw avert in- our most ecstatic moments, we ; wereconscibuirof each other's presence. Our ; pleasnrer,- wliire- indlviduar,- were still twin, vthrati'ngnnd: moving in musical accord, j Git tire evening in: qnestioir, the tenth of 'July;, the doctor and: myself drifted into nn : imiwiially mcuphysicol raocd We prepared ; and He oar pipes,. fllTcd with the little bubble ; at opl'unt that,. like the nut ir. the fairy tale, ; bfld witiiid its narrow limits wonders beyond t\\\ft reach: of kings. But iv strange perversity i dominatedtlie current of our thoughts. They j would not d'ow through, the sun-lit channels I fntrt. which wo. strove' to1 divert them. Inaen- islUly wit ytcl'ded to the occult force that j swayed ns,. and indulged fa gloomy specaia- j don- We had talked: some time upon the jprnmrness of the human mfnd to mysticism, ' i and thn almost; uni'vennrrove of the terrible, : wftan. Hjimmond suddenly said to me: " What da you: consider to be the greatest ele- i mean of terror?"' I The question: mmicd me. That many i tiii'nga were terrible,. X know. Stumbling over a- corpse in the dark? beholding,, as I once jdjifra-woman ibvaringdown a deep and rapid rivers with wlltlly lifted arms, and awful, ap- mrned foce,. uttering,, fwshc drifted, shrieks time rent ona'k hearty while we, the spectators, : stood frozen: an a window which overhang the ; river oca. fiafghfcflf sixty feet,, unable to make- jdirt slightest; effort; to save her, bat dumbly watehing nerlnsCfrapremo agony and her dis- ! appearance A. shattered wreck, with no life j viaibrsnaountered iloatihglistlesslyon the ocean,, fe a. terriAVe object,, for it suggests a l&nga; terror,, tho proportions of which are I veiled. Bat it now struck me for the first time: that there must Be one great and ruling embodiment of fear— a King of Terrors to wSlcft. ait othere must succumb. To what i cniirroff cireamstJincss woufd It owe Its exlst- J \ t canfosa, Hammond," I replied to my j friend,. "T never consld'erei the subject be- |fore That there must be one— something i mom- terrible than, any other thing,. I feel. I loan: not attempt,, however,, even the most j vague definition."' t " T am: somewhat like you, Harry," he sn- jswered. "T feel my capacity to experience a ; terror greater than- anythingyet conceived by ;tlia human miud— something combining in ; tearful and unnatural amaligamntion hitherto j smjposed incompatible eiementa. The calling 1 of thrt voices in: Brocftden Brown's novel of p Wieland1' iff awfuL- so is the pictnre of the . Dweller of the Treshoid, in Bulwcris IZannnf' ? but;." fie added,- shaking bw head ; gloomily.- " there is something moro horrible j than thi'sc."' j " Hnok here,. Hammond, T rejoined, "let jiiffdrop this kind of talk, for heaven's sake. ! WeabulUuffcrforic, depend upon it." i " Well. flood.ni'uhc..Hiirrv. PVintdrMma ; " Td yon,- gloomy wretch, afreets, ghouls, \- and nnchantere." . We parted,- and eacfc sought his respective ! chamber- Tnndrecsedqmckly and got into bed,, taking vrith mo,- according to my usoal \- miRtem. x Hnolr,. over which I generally read ' myidfreo sleep. X opened the volume as soon .i X but liud my Acad upon tho pillow, and : iUKtimtly tl'miR ic to the other side of the room. Xc wrw Gbtidbn'a "'Flistory of Jfon- : store," a- curi'ouff French work, which I had . lately received from Paris, hut which, in the snitff of mind T had then reached. wa3 any- thing Hat an- uqrcoaliie companion. I re- ; solved, te go to sleep at once so turning down my ga« until nothingbutt a little blue point of ; light glimmered on the top of tho tube, I composed myitelf ro rest,. Tbff room fffts in; tewi darkness. Theatom of gas that still'- retnnfned nliuht did not iHumihate- dlsftinea of fhive inriju-i around thoHnmcr.. Tdeperately dr.«w my arm across myey«»st.rtff if to shut out even the darkness, and tried cc tiit'nkof nothing. It wa in vain. The theme touched on: By Hammond kept obtrnrilngthemseU'cs on: my br.un. I battled aqamstrthem. I erected ramparts of would-be bianknesaof intellect to keep them out. They stiff crawdcd opes s». While I was lylog ' still as a corpse, hoping that by perfect physical inaction I should hasten mental repose, an awful incident occurred. A some thing dropped, as it seemed, from the ceiling upon my cnest, and tho next instant T felt two 'bony bauds encircling roy throat en deavoring to choke me. I am no coward, and am possessed of con siderable physical strength. Tho suddenness of the attack, instead of stunning me, strung every nerve to its highest tension. My body acted upon Instinct before my brain bad time to realize the terrors of my position; Iu an instant I wound two muscular arms Around the creature, and squeezed it, with alt the strength of despair, agaiost my cbest. In a few seconds the bony bands that bad fastened on my throat loosened their hold, and I was free to breathe once more. Then commenced a struggle ot awful intensity, Immersed in the most profound darkness, totally ignorant of the natare of tho Thing by which 1 was so suddenly attacked, finding my grasp slipping every moment, by reason, it 6cemed to me, of the entire nakedness of my ascailaut, bitten with sharp teeth in the shoulder, neck, and chest, having every moment to protect roy throat against a pair of sinewy, agile hands, which my utmost efforts could not confine — these were a combination of circumstances to combat which reqoired all tbe strength, skill, and conrage that I possessed. At lost, after a silent, deadly, exhausting straggle, i got my assailant under by a series of incredible efforts of strength. Once pinned, with my knee on what I made out to be its chest, I knew that I was victor. I rested for a moment to breathe. I beard tho creature beneath me panting In the darkness, and felt the violent throbbing of a heart. It was ap parently as exhausted as I was ; that was one comfort. At Ibis moment I remembered that I usually placed under my pillow, before going to bed, a large, yellow, silk pocket-hand kerchief. I felt for it instontly ; it wns there. In a few seeonds more I had, after a fnshion, pinioned tbe creature's arms. I now felt tolerably secure. Thero was nothing more to be done but to turn on the gas, and having first seen what my midnight assailant was like, arouse the household. I will confess to being actuated by a certain pride in not giving tbe alarm before ; I wished to mike tbe capture alone and unaided. Never losing my hold for an instant, I slipped from the bed to the floor, droggingmy captive with me. I bad but a few steps to reach the gas-burner; these I modo with tbe greatest caution, holding tho creature in a grip like a vise. At last I got within arm's length of tbo tiny spec of blue light which tolk me where tbe gits-burner was. Quick as lighting I released my grasp with one hand, and let on tbe full flood cf light. Then I turned to look at mr captive. I can not even attempt to give any definition of my sensations the instant after I turned on the gas. I suppose I most have shrieked with terror, for In less than a minute after ward my room was crowded with the inmates of the house. I shudder now as 1 thiok of that awful moment. I saw nothiog ! Yes; I hod one arm firmly clasped round a breathiog, panting, corporeal shape ; my other hand gripped with all its strength a throat as apparently fleshy as my own ; and yet, with this living substance in my grasp, with its body pressed against ray own, and in all the bright glare of gas, I absolutely beheld nothing. Not even an outline—a vapor. It breathed. I felt Its breath upon my cheek. It struggled fiercely. It had hands. They clutched me. Its skin was smooth, like my own, Thus' it lay, pressed close up I against mc, solid as stone, and yet utterly 1 invisible. Just then Hammond entered my room at (behead of the household. As soon as he beheld roy faco — which, I suppose must have been an awful sight to look at — he hastened forward, orying: " Groat heavens, Harry, what has happened ?" " Hammond ! Hammond I" I cried, " come here. Ob, this is awful. I have boon at tacked in bed by something or other, which I have hold of; but I can't see it; I can't see Itl" Hammond, doubtless struck by tbe horror expressed in my countcnanco, mado one or two steps forward with an anxious yet puzzled expression. A very audible titter burst from tbe remainder ot my visitors. This sup pressed laughter mado me furious. 8o great was my rage against the mocking crowd tbAt bad I tbo power I would have strioken them dead where they stood. " Hammond! Hammond 1" I cried again, deiparingly, 11 for God's sake' come to me. I can hold the Thing but a short whilo longer. It is overpowering me. Help rao ; help me !" " Hany" whispered Hammond, approaching roe, " you have been smoking too muon opium." "I swear to you, Hammond, -that this ie no vision," I aoswered in the Bame low tone. " Don't yow see how it shakes my whole frame nttu i» euuics ( xt you Clou l oclieVQ ZDC convinco yourself. Feel it ; touch it." Hammond advanced and laid his band on tbe spot I indicated. A wild cry of horror burst from him. Ho had felt It! Iu a moment he had discovered somewhere in my room a long piece of cord, and was the noxt instant winding it and knotting it about the body of tbe unseen being that I clasped in my armB. "Harry," he said, in a hoarse voice— for though he preserved his presence of mind, bo was deeply agitated — " Harry, it's all safo now ; you may. let go if you are tired. The Thing can't move." I was utterley exhausted, and I gladly loosed my hold. Hammond stood holding toe ends of tho cord that bound tho Invisible, twisted around'bis hand, wbUo before him, self-sup- porting, as ft were, was a rope laced and Inter laced, and stretching tightly around a vacant space. The confusion which ensued among the guelta of the bouse who were witnesses of this extraordinary scene between Hammond and myself- who beheld tho pantomime of binding this stnggting Something— who beheld me almost sinking from physical exhaustion whan my task of jailor was over — the confusion and terror that took possession of the by slanders when tbey saw all this was beyond description. Tbe weaker ones fled from the apartment. The few who remained clustered near the door, and could not bo induced to approaoh Ham mond and bis charge. Still incredulity broke out through their terror. Tbey hod not the courage to satisfy themselves, and yet they doubted, I gave a sign to Hammond, ana both of us— conquering oar fearful repugnance to touch tho Invisable creature— lifted it from the ground, manacled as it was, and took it to my bed. Its weight was about that of a boy of fourteen. " Now, my friends," J brU), Hammond and myself held the creature suspended over tbe bea, " I can glvo you self-evident proof that here is a solid, ponderablo body, wnich, neverthelessyoucannot Eee. Be good enough to watch the surface of (ho bed attentively," Tho eyes of the by-standcrs were imme diately fixed on the bed. At a given signal Hammond and I let the creature fall. There was a heavy sound, as of a heavy body allflfattng on & small man, Tbo bed creaked, A deep impression marked Itself on tho pillow, and on tho bed itself. Tho crowd who wit nessed this gave n low ory, and rushed from tho room. Hammond anu I were alone with our mystery. Wo remained silent for some time, listening to the low, irregular breathing of tho creature on the bed, and watching tho rustic of the bod-cloths as it linpotently struggled to free itself from confinement. Then Hammond spoke : "Let us reason a little, Hnrry, Horolsa solid body which wo touch, but which we can not bco. Tho fnct is so unusual Hint It strikes ub with terror. Is there no parallel, though, for such a phenomenon ? Tako a ploco of pure glass. It is tangible and transparent. A certnin chemical coarseness Is all that pre- vents Its being so entirely transparent as to be totally invisible. It is not thcorotlc&Uy; impossible, mind you, to make a glass so puro and homogeneous in IU atoms that tho rays of the sun will pass through it as they do through tho air, refracted but not reflected. Wo do not see the air, and yot we feel ft." "That's all vory well, Hammond.Tjut these are inanimate substances. Glass doos not breathe ; air docs not breathe. This thing has a heart that palpllotes— a will that moves it— lungs that play, and Inspire and rospirc." Hammond shook his head and was silent. We watched together, smoking many pipes, all night long by tho bedside of tbo unearthly being that tossed and panted until it was apparently wearied out. Then wo loarncd by the low, regular breathing that It slept. Tbe next rooming the house wns ail astir. The bonrders congregated on tho landing out side my room, and Hammond and myself were lions. Wo had to answer a thousand questions as to the stato of our extraordinary prisoner, for ns yet not one person in tho. house except ourselves could be induced to set foot in tbo apartment. Tho creature was awake. This was evi denced by tho convulsive manner in which tho bed-clothes were moved in its efforts to escape. Thero was something truly terrible iu uvuuiuiug, us ib were, vnose Biruggics lor liberty which yet were invisible. Hammond and myself bad raoked our brains during tho long night to discover some means by which wo might rcalizo tho shnpo and general appcarauco of tbo Enigma. As well as wo confd make out, by passing our hands over over tho creature form, its out lines and lineaments were human. There, was a mouth ; n round, smooth head without' hair; a nose which, however, waB little ele vated abovo the "checks; and its hands and feet felt like those of a boy. At first we thought of plncing the Being on a smooth surfneo and tracing its outline with chalk, as shoemakers trace tho outline of tho foot. This plan was given up as of no value. Such an outline would not givo tho slightest idea of its conformation. A happy thought struck mo. Wo would tako a caste of It in plaster. This would give us tho solid figure, and satisfy all our wishes. But bow to do it ? Tho movements of tho creature would dbturb tho sotting of. tbo plastic covering, and distort the mold. An other thought. "Why not givo it chloroform ? It had respiratory organs' that was evident by Us breathing. Once reduced to a state of insensibility, wo could do with U what wo would. A doctor was eont for, and aftor the physician bad recovered from tbo first shock of amazement he proceeded to administer tho chloroform. In threo minutes afterward we were enabled to rcmovo tbo'fottore from tho creature's body, and a modeler was busily en gaged In covering tho invisible form with tho moist clay. In five minutes more wo had a mold, and before evening a rough fae- slmilo of tho mystery. It was shaped like a man, —distorted, uncouth, nod horrible, but stilt a wuu. una Duiim, uui> uver lour leet ana some inches In height, and its limbs revealed a muscular development that was unparal leled. Its faco surpassed in liideousncss any thing I had ever seen. Gustavo Doro never conceived anything so horrible. It was the pbjMognomy of what I should fancy a ghoul might be. It looked ns If It was capable of feeding on human flesh. Having satisfied our curiosity, and bound every one in tho bouse to seorcoy, it beoame a question what was to bo dono with our Enigma ? It war impossible that we should keep suoh a horror in tho house; it was equally impossible that such an awful being should be let loose upon tbe world. I confess that I would havo gladly voted for the crea ture's destruction. But who would shoulder tho responsibility? Who would undertake tho oxeoution of this horriblo semblance of a human being ? Tho moBt singular part of the affair was that wo were entirely Ignorant of what tho creature habitually fed on. Everything In the way of nutriment that wo could think of was placed before it, but was never touched. It was awful to stand by, day after dav, and sco the clothes toss, and hear the hard breathing, and know that it was dying. \- Ton, twelve days, a fortnight passed, and it still lived. Tho pulsations of the heart, how ever, were daily growing fainter, and bad now nearly ceased. It was evident that the crca- tore was dving for want of sustenance. -While this terrible life struggle was going on I folt miserable. I could not sleop. Horrible as tbo creature was, It was pitiful to think of the pains it was suffering. At last it died. Hammond and I found It cold and stiff one morning In tho bed. Tho heart had ceased to beat, tho lungs to inspire. We hastened to bury it in tbo gardon. It was a strange funeral, the dropping of that view less corpse Into the damp hole. The cast of its form Hatnmond.b&s; still. As I am on tho evo of a long journey, from which I may not return, I havo drawn up this i narrative of an event tho most singular that vici iiuuio tu my auowicugu. 