Second Edition. ,1. . . ' u.'- 1ELEQRAPK OFJB!OS> 3 p.m. St. Mary's Cathedral Sermon ly Archbishop Redwood On Protestantism. Blood and Rains. Polluted the Nuptial Bed. Archbishop Redwood, of Wellington, who preached on the occusion of the dec)ioution of St. Mary's Roman Catholic Cathedral, Sydnoy on the 9th instant, said : My text is, "He shall reign iu the house of Jacob for ever, and of His kingdom thoro shall be no ond'' — St. Lukfl i. , .32-3., Wo are lioro assembled in thousands to bold a grand colobrution, und to inaugurate a great event of ecclesiastical history— greut in the memories of tho past, great in the bright hopes of the future— tho first Australiisiun Catholio congress. For many years, und nnder three successive arch bishops, conspicuous for their zeal, ability, and success, you Catholics of Sj'dnoy emulat ing tho piety of yonr forefathers in tboso ages of faith which created' tha noblest religious edifices, grey with venerable age, in the old world, set yourselves tho noblb task of per petuating in this fair Austral land the glorious traditions of tlio past. This beautiful cathe dral, now sufficiently completed to make ns . envy the oyes that will see it in its finishect mngnificenco, ' this structure so grand in de sign, -so solid, so majestic, ana so rich in every arobitcotnral grace and detail, is your gift to tbo Almighty, worthy of yonr tra ditional faitii and devotion. . It is the . Thiummi op Yode Faith and Geneeosity. It will stand on its commanding' site a principal ornament of your quoenly capital, a splendid landmark to bo hailed with joy by tlio pilgrim from distant shores us ho sails up your incomparable harbour. I rc- \- member that, lS.yours ago, at tho first open ing of this nobio pile, my theme was the divinity of Christ, and I pee no reason to chatigo that theme to-day. Christ did not found a school by science, nor un empire by \- - might, nor a scot by tho passions of men — - lie founded a religious society, or church, by His own divino power. He set up. a SpiniTtJAE KiNonost to Last for Ever. : This glorious kingdom, this spiritual world, immeasurably superior to the material world around us, is the work of His Divine oreative power, employing for that mighty purpose human 'instruments, .humanly speaking, en tirely inadequate. Tho ohurch, being the work of Christ, was made to His imago and likeness. The church is one with Christ. She is His spouse, His mystic body. Through lier, therefore. Ilo.isalways visible, always speak ing. always anting in the world. She is, so to speak, His prolongation through tiino and space. His threefold functions of ..prophet, priest, and king Ho discharges by means of His mystic body, tho church. Christ gave infallibility to His church. But— still greater gift — He gavo iier indcfcctibility. Not only will she never err in the domain of faith und morals, but she. will continue always to the end of tlia::" world, .aridl as long as she exists she -cannot orr. She is in defectible, and slid claims this property in tho solemn and reiterated promises of Christ her head. Ho promised tlmt the gates of hell should not prevail against her ; that He would be with iter all days even to the consumma tion of tho world. (Matt.' xviii.) Hence tier failing would make void His promises. Infallibility is ... A Mioety and Aweol Gut, . hut necessary to meet and overcome a gigantic nvcl, the lapse of munkind'iiitn error the total loss of revealed truth, the extinction of the supernatural in tho minds nnd souls of men. Consider for a moment the number and nature of the Christian dogmas ; consider tho catholicity of tho ohurob ; consider tho infirmity mid mulico of men ; consider the uuiversal solvent of truth, man's proud, restless, and perverted intellect : consider men's proclivities to soots and divisions ; consider all this, und you will readily admit tho wisdom and necessity of this special providence uud assistance of God called infallibility. Christ is u priest, and He l imparted 'His priesthood to His Churoh. Declaring Himself a high priest according to tho order of Melchisedek, Chriat as a priest forgave sin. Ho is the " Lumb that takoth away the sins of the world." Thatpower of for giving sin Ho also left to His' Church in the person of His priests, who in the Sacrament of Order receive from hfm tho power, which after His resurrection, He gave to His Apostles, saying : " Recoivo ye the Holy Ghost ; whoso sins you shall forgive they uro forgiven them, and whoso sins you shull re tain thoy are retained." Finally, Christ, as a priest, guvo to His ohurch His sanctity, with the power to create, increase, and pro pagate it in His members by the seven channels of His sacraments, by His Pereeot Law or Standard of Life, and bv His Divine example. Christ also wished His church to he catholic or universal. Finally, Chriat made tho church apostolic, hecauso sho has lior origin and her dootrino from Him through His apostles, and because she has tho succession of her pastors uninter rupted from them to our day. Contrast the true church, the body and brido of Ohrist, with tho multitudinous pretenders around her. Look nt tlioso hundreds of \ Contradictory Denominations ' wliieli- swarm in the British Empire und in soma otherpurts of tlio globo. Have thoy any of the marks of the true churoh, unity, sunotity, cathalioity, and apostolioity? Surely not. . They have no unity. Look not for sanctity ' in those separate sects. I speak not of indi viduals, hut of systems. Tho authors of the Greek soliism, Fhotius in the ninth century, and Michael Cerulurius in the oloverith, hud no motive for their separation bat blind ambition and.lust of power. Tho leaders and founders of Protestantism, (Luther, Calvin, Zwinglins, A-c., were Notorious for Their -Vices. Among the Greek schismatics the olergy are badly trained for thoir saored fanations, and live in a atateof pitiful abjection and contempt ; they reoeivo little or. no consideration or respect from tha people, and they neither spread nor fulfil the Gospel teoobing. Among Protestants, the most effeotual means of sanoti- fication have disappeared — abstinence, fast ing, mortification, confession, communion, &c.; Both the Greek schism and Protestantism have rather obstructed than promoted true ..civilisation.. The first hits brought despotism upon the oast, - the second covered Europe with blood nnd ruins in the sixteenth century, and lias ever since boon tho helper and in strument of the worst foes of Christianity. It desecrated the home, it Polluted the Nufhad Bed, it lowered the dignity of . womanhood, it devastated the sobool,. nnd stopped tho pro gress of science. In fine, neither. Protestants nor Greek schismatics have shown that the action of the Holy Ghost is with them. No examples of heroic virtues, no saints in thoir . 'ranks at all compdrablo to the raurtysandmis- mionsriesof theCatholio churoh ; undthoy have never been able to . obtain the sanction of a . miracle for their work and tbeir dootrine. \- That they havo no catholicity .is .glaringly evident. Tho Greek churoh is confined to a part of the East — chiefly Greece, Ruseia, and Turkey ; and Protestants are circum scribed within determinate limits— Lutherans in Germany, Calvinists in Geneva and France, Anglicans in English possessions. All aro national and nono catholio. Ncithor Iists they apostolioity. Thoy are Separated from the Pope, who is tho heir of St. Peter, the chief of the Apostlos; they have a purely human and in no sense an apostolic origin. Their ministers have no ' lqwful mission, and they oannot say that they ' have been sent by Jesus . Ohrist' to teach and baptise all nations. Privileged children of this Catholio Ohurob, and standing, on the threshold .of tho 2Qih ceatuig, wa Seoc n,d. Jgdlition. mpj - apprc riatcly iuke u rsroipeot of. the out un? 19th oentury. Ftonv tho j4wB , a. j volution toe roi» fearful' In hiatonr," Qhri - cftow Hie Churoh uuMutoefli robust, and " i PUIUITBD IY THE FIRE OF PKRSECUTjOtf. ifauy have bfl<m. her struggle duripg toe nputury air vcr tho globe ; but many, too, her victoria! m&nv; too events whioh havo consoled hoi qhildfen in' their diro conflict -with the worn, the flesh, and too devil. We may inatan 3 the . emancipation of the -Cathalioa-- tl oughoufc too British Umpire, brought a'jiut by. the gqniqs and eloquence o! tho immortal liberator Daniel O'CanneU ; .ae.. glorious reign of Piua IX. ; tbo ro-pstahl ihmpnt of tho hierarchy in Engi land ; toe G :ford movement hnd its harvest, of illustriou . converts, top Manniugp, the Newmans, tl > Fabers ; tho definition of the iramnoulato < ipcoption uud the greut spread of devotion tow rda tho Blessed Virgin Mother of God, whi< i hqvQ merited for this, century the name ,r tho "Ago of Mary1'.; ,the Vatican Cqu oil and its pruelttmution of Papal infallibility ; the fTiqmph of tho Catholic Churoh in Gfernmuy over too St&M; despotism < Bed by sad irony a fight for civilisation,' , iulturkumpf ; the wonderful and yet present J wtiffcute of ieo XHI., a truly providential »an. Be stands out like a light- house over o r storm beaten ago, the , AMBASB DOE OP ? Higher POWER, the'ropresou itivq> of greater moral fprce, tlie chief tea her .pointing out io a world' en shrouded in Iqrkness the luminous path of true progres and civilisation. Will too world listen to grej j jjeo's voice P Will it acoept bis unerring gq iance and .paternal counsel, or will it spurs the guide and rush headlong into the abyss?. Kmq will tell. Meanwhile, what aro the chur h's hopes aud fears for toe cen tury before ufi? Besides the widespread perversion o minds caused by the numerous theories of r tionnliRm, besides the systematic, war .waged., d 'several countries against the churoh. Clod a. representative on earth, sho has to contend v 1th, the materialistic tendency of the day. Tien calculate the opposition raised against the murcb from JHeuesy and Somsat and. aU' sbe . means at their dis posal;1 Gnat ' as are" : her perils, tho church' h/il adequate power from her Divino Foufper - to meet and overcome them. In this country, at all events, her prospects are bright, j while her , progress has beon wonderful.. IA11 honour to th;e founders of this flourisHng Australian '.Church ! Hail, Commonwealth of Australia, youngest in tho family of xurtions j God speed thee in toy great careen! J Bn virtuous; be free; be prosperous : be eternal 1 ' Procede prohpere. ei rcffna , into ftfax. est a beaia, esto perpeUta " I venture, in jonclusion, to congratulate you, my Lord Caminal, on toe achievement of the great objeonfor which you and your pre decessor h&td; worked so hard and so well. I cohgratnlatq your excellent and devoted olergy — seoultir and regular — wbo havo so nobly co-operated -with their illustrious lcftdnr. Buhow shall I congratulate in adequate tenns-the HAPPY Catholics of SYDNEY and the whblo diocese P Great indeed is the work you have , done, and great accordingly your joy and pride at its success, and greater still will be your reward. Tho rich with their wealth) the poor with their hard-earned wages, ; the widow with her mite, you have reared this splendid edifico for God, for your selves, for.qjrBur obildren, and many genera- -tions yet unborn. i AIL honour, to your faitii and devotionl All honour, too,' to those many generous anu liberal persona of other denom inations whp havo helped to erect this imposing roouhmont, and I assure them that God will bleas thorn a hundredfold for con tributing to build this house of prayer, this temple where; JesusChuwillbeAdored ahd Praised. His doctrine taught, His sacraments adminis tered, and the principles of His civilisation pre served und inculcated. In their inmost hearts thoy rcspoot tho Catholic Church, and, if her credentials ' are fairly sot before thorn, thoy will learn to embrace apd love her who was toe life and glory of England for over 1 ,000 years. I bail thee, Oh young and flourishing CmraoB of Australia so fitly represented by this stately pilo, grand, fresh, and new from toe builder's hand. I hail thee as the earnest und war rant of, countless blessings for tbo future, children of men. And I hope that,' in God's mercy tliou wilt long enjoy the leadership of the great oarSinal who now guides thy des tiny, and tliot toy march will bo from victory to victory until thy final triumph is consum mated in toe land of the living, in the bright realms qf eternal bliRs. 