BRISBANE CRICKET GROUND. SECOND PROMENADE CONCERT. Though there was more than a suspicion of chilliness in the air the clerk of the weather dealt kindly, on the whole, with the trustees of the Brlsbane Cricket Ground last night, and those who attended, the second promenade concert and open-air fete on the Brisbane Cricket Ground. About 7 o'clock heavy clouds lowered threateningly ; they gradually grew i. anor, and frequently the moon, almost at her full, shone out, and vied momentarily with the electric lights with their bright whlte gleam. By the time the Queensland Rifles' Regimental Band had finished the inevitable "Absent-minded Beg- gar" (to Sullivan's setting), with which they played the audience into their seats, there were probably, in round numbers, 700 spec- tators present, not including a strong de- tachment of officers and men of the Fourth (Imperial) Contingent, whose plumed hats and military cloaks lent quite a martial air to a very bright and animated scene. Most of those present had the forethought to bring wraps of some description, and with "something to keep out the cold" al- ways at hand at the refreshment bars under the grandstand, the audience seemed com- fortable enough, in spite of the undeniable coolness of the evening air. This was pro- bably felt more by the principals than the audience, for as the former threw off their cloaks and faced the latter In evening-dress, a strongish breeze met them full and square, though it was not sufficiently strong to pre vent the lover of artistic music catching every word as it fell from the lips of the singers. There was nothing to cavil at in the programme arranged, which was just an Ideal length, enough but not too long. It consisted of ten items-five in each part- with an interval for promenadlng, which was filled in by selections rendered by the band mentioned, which played "Jolly Folly" (Bedgood), the " Song Romance Valse" (Kappy), and Vincent's setting of "The Song That Reached My Heart," in which cornet and euphonium combined in a duet, which was exceptionally well given. During the Interval twelve members of the East Brisbane Harrier Club ran a quar ter-mile handicap race, the rapidly-flitting forms of the runners looking somewhat ghost-like as 'they appeared from the dull grayness of the dlstance into the bright glaro of the arc lamps. The winner was J. Wainwright, off the thirty-four yards mark, C. C Sanderson (scratch) taking second, and J. Tyrell (flve yards) third honours. Returning to the vocal part of the even- ing's entertainment, the only lady soloist was Mrs. Dawson Davis, who though not long before the Brlsbane public, has evi- dently won her way In their good graces. Both her songs-" Waiting" (Millard), and the old favourite, " Never More" (Mattel) -were charmingly sung, the latter perhaps the better of the two, though in both her efforts she and her audience were evidently on excellent terms. Her high notes in each song were particularly sweet and clear, and the most captious critic could have found little fault with the singer. Mr. J. Good was In capital form with " Sirs, your Toast" (from "Carmen"), and Molloy's " Postillion." The lastnamed suited his rich baritone admirably, and he met with an unmistakable encore, to which he responded by singing, " Beware where bright eyes glance," in an equally artistic way. The Glee Singers were thrice heard, the items chosen being, " Won't you be my-h'm ?" " Trust her not," and " The Piccaninny Lullaby." The first and last of these were the best, tenor, alto, baritone, and basso combining most melodiously, their pianis- simo notes in the last song being heard with quite remarkable distinctness. Mr. Fred. Mason, of course, had charge of the humor- ous part, and equally, of course, the two songs chosen became four. " That's how he comes on," " Achoo," " The -finest flow of language ever heard'," and his seldom omitted hit of " Mary was a housemaid" winning even more favour with the audience than the songs which are popularly sup- posed to be of greater merit from an artistic point of view. Mr. Robert Kaye did quite his share in the masterly way he played the accompaniments, while Mr. D. Currie, as usual, was indefatigable In ful- filling his duties as secretary, and when " God Save the Queen" played by the Re- gimental Band brought the entertainment to a close a few minutes before 10, he and the trustees had every right to be on the best possible terms with themselves. The third concert is fixed for next Monday evening. 