GHOST WITH A PURPGBE. HOW A SPpCTRE PUNISHED A CRIME. A thrilling ghost story, for the truth of which the writer vouchee, 'is given in the 'Gentkwomaii' of November 11. A ramb ling old country house, which bad- been unten&mted; for several years, was recently purchased by a gentleman whose name must not be divulged. It belonged to a man of title, who had gone abroad on the sudden and mysterious death of his wife. a very beautiful woman, whom he had taken from, the Kinks of professional sing ers. One old retainer— a gardener — was allowed to stay on. This man, in showing the new tenant over the house, evinced a strong desire to pass one door.; but, being obliged to yield in the end, disclosed a daintly furnished boudoir deconaited with fresh flowers. All wr s as if the room were in constant use. The old gardener begged with tears that it might not be disturbed. It belonged to his late midbress, he said, whom he loved, and since her death it had been his consolation to keep her room as though she lived in it. The old man's prayer was granted.. The room remained looked, and the tenant had almost forgotten its existence unltil one day he saw the gar dener looking towards the boudoir window, holding his hand to his ear as if listening. On being asked the reason he exclaimed: — 'Ah, sir, don't you hear her? Dont you see her? My beautiful mistress. To-day is her deathday, and she is singing the song she sang this day four years ago, when' ? But listen.' They approached the window and perceived a fair woman, seated at the piano. ' They listened as her voice rose and fell sweetly, till suddenly it broke in a shriek of honror, and the apparition vanished. At the same ins'toint they be came aware 'that another man had been attracted to the spkxt and was watching xin'fVi 'fVi^nvi. — to imtan wlin tfiiTn'Ari and flflH an the gardener recognised him, crying, 'It was you. I was always sure it was you. The deed claims you!' The man ran headlong, chased by the gardener. The master followed in time to see the stranger stumble blindly on the narrow bridge and fall irito the swirling stream which 'bounds the park. He was unable to swim and nothing could move the gardener to rescue. 'He murdered my mdstress. Why should I save him?' he repeated, till suddenly, raising his hands as to a vision,, he cried. 'Ah, for you, dear mistress, I will try,' and threw h'mself into the stream. But it was too late, and he perished with- the man who had been his former master. The verdict was. 'Acciderftally drownied,' with no rider as to the Spirit World or retribu tion1. 