CURRENT COMHENT. After the sharp fighting of the past few weeks we should not be at all surprised if there were a great lull in Tramway matters. But we must not take the flattering unction to our souls that either Snow or his Bill are so effectually' killed as to be no longer a source of danger to the community. Let us reason this matter out. The Snow Bill has had a bad buffeting. Even its friends are not anxious to force a division on it in the Upper House this session, and it is apparent to anybody that there is not a ghost of a chance for it to pass the Lower House, even if it gets the length of being introduced there. To all intents and purposes, therefore, its career for this year is over. What then about the next ? Despite Mr. Buik's assertion that Snow's options expire in December in the event of him not securing a Bill this year, we are not blind to the possibility of these options being extended, and, if they are, then of course we shall have the whole battle to fight over again next year, and it may be with heavier odds against us. Wisdom suggests that the people should be armed at all points in defence of their own rights and that, if there is a game to be played, they should play it skilfully. For what are our opponents, the Snowites, doing ? Why, they are already beginning to try-^nd capture one of the strong vantage points, in running Charles Tucker for the mayoralty ! • • • • « Of course this will be denied with all the usual warmth and bluster, but we know that canvassers are now busily going round with requisitions for that good gentleman's nomination—although, of course, he doesn't know anything about it, and—as much of course—he will be a vastly surprised man when a "large and influential" deputation waits upon him, probably introduced by " my good friend, Mr. ," and he will modestly refer to " the spontaneous request of the great number of his fellow-citizens who desire to see him once more assume the chief magistracy of the city." • • • I I ' When that time comes—as it will—it must be remembered that the Snow game is still being played. Just as surely as though it were placarded all over the city, is Mr. Alderman Tucker,* M.P., going to be put up to fight for Snow's right to collar our street franchises. . • . It is a great pity that the ensuing municipal year will be so cumbered with Federation affairs, for during the next twelve months there will occur the opportunity of a lifetime for the accom plishment of that municipal unification which will make the question of the public ownership of the Tramways com paratively easy of solution. The public are ripe for it! In every municipal council interested there are warm advo cates of a Greater Adelaide scheme. All that is wanted is the man who will, with strength and wisdom,^ guide the move ment to a happy issue. In our municipal elections this year we must remember how much of civic free dom is at stake, and while we seek for a man for Mayor, whose intelligence and probity will make him suitable for the fulfilment of the high duties that will fall to be done by him in connection with the Federation celebrations, let us not forget that an even higher duty to ourselves demands that he shall be one who shall stand strong for municipal progress and for the defence of the people's rights, especially in this matter of the public ownership of the Tramways. Mr. Alderman Tucker's recent utter ances and his general attitude on the Tramway question—even if there were no other disabilities—mark him out as an entirely unsuitable man. What a bit of bluster that was that Alderman Tucker tried to work off on the public last week! And what a strange coincidence too that both daily papers should, exactly at the same time, and in a most unusual way, without previous announcement, cloge their correspondence columns to the Tramway discussion. We don't doubt the honor of our contem poraries, but—well, the whole thing is sort of funny, and we don't intend to follow their example^ Still there is a lot of humor in Charlie Tucker's bluff—for a bigger bit of bluff no one but he would possibly attempt to impose on the public with. Figures have evidently no meaning for him, he soars above all mundane limitations and boldly writes his name as a creator of facts on the, to him, solid illimitability of human gullibleness. How's that for high ? Still he didn't get away Scot free. Tramway Smeaton quickly got on his track, challenged him to support his bluff on the public platform and, of course, was as promptly told that he, the immaculate Charlie Tucker, wouldn't play with him— or words to that effect. There is only one thing to do with a man of Tucker's sort—that is, "try and pin him down ; " but there is one thing you can't do with him, and that is to " pin him down." Mr. Smeaton tried to do it and, with good temper, argued away all the disabilities which Mr. Tucker urged against him ; but no, the fact that Mr. Smeaton had accepted a professional retainer from the promotor ofr'a rival scheme, and that he had also joined with other reputable citizens in denouncing the grab-all scherile of Mr. Snow on the Town Hall platform, made it impossible for the clean-handed and high-souled Charles Tucker, M.P., from meeting him in public debate. His refusal has only discounted him the more with those whose goodwill he is just beginning to want again, and which he is likely to find wanting on the first day of December next. The tramways meeting at the Thebarton Town Hall was a lively one. A majority of the councillors carried a resolution in favor of Snow's Bill and one of them was determined that nothing should alter his opinion. He started out by objecting to Messrs. Proud and Hutchison being heard, though they were present at the invitation of ratepayers. He found no support. Then he made himself a general nuisance by continually interrupting the meeting. This typical specimen of crass bumbledom let the audience know that he certainly was not open to reason—in fact nature evidently forgot to provide him with what every sensible man finds a necessity, viz., a reasoning faculty. Another councillor did not have time to study the question, he said, and the apology offered by others was that they had acted to the best of their judgment. Messrs. Proud and Hutchison had an enthusiastic reception, and when a reso lution similar to that carried at the great Town Hall meeting was put to the rate payers only two hands were shown against. A second resolution respectfully requested the council to reconsider its action. Democratic Thebarton, like every other district where meetings have been held, is determined not to be fleeced of its rights by private speculators or soulless syndicates whose one object is large profits. Tramway Director G. A. Wyld poured out his woes to most unsympathetic listeners. His particular grievance was that if the Snow scheme came off he would ordy get 25s. each for his shares. There was a delightful outburst of derision at Wyld when Mr. Proud pointed out that the shares had lately been selling at 7s., and a ratepayer interjected that they had been sold at 2s. Wyld is a fine sample of the boodler—unsatisfied with a profit of 400 per cent, to be filched from the pockets of the public. Not if the people know it, and they are not to be caught napping on this occasion. Those legislators and others who are seeking to win a passing popularity by advocating sweeping reductions in our local parliament may well turn their attention to the programme announced last week by the Premier of Victoria. Although the new cost of Federation to that colony will be more than double our own, Mr. McLean refuses to do violence to the local constitution by pandering to the cry for a heavy reduction of members. He proposed a reduction in the Assembly of fifteen—ninety-five to eighty ; and of eight only in the Council—forty-eight to forty. " Ministers from ten to eight. He is wise enough to see, as a country repre sentative, that any reduction can only take place at the expense of country members, and this is equally true of our own colony. It is satisfactory also to note that future Governors of "Victoria are to be informed that they will not be expected to *4entertain" so largely. A reduction in salary is proposed, and it is to be made clear that those accepting the office will t>e under no obligation to spend their salary, and part of their private income as well, in keeping open house for thirsty swells. This will be a decided change for the better, and may be copied with ad vantage in South Australia. Downer has at last made up his mind to run for the Senate. If the Obstruction Party must be represented he will do it as well as anyone, and his departure from the local political arena will give the electors of Barossa an opportunity of returning a live representative to look after their interests. Twice they have nearly succeeded in electing Mr. E. H. Coombe, whose return is certain if Sir John gets into the Federal Parliament. Many who supported the latter during the last contest did so on personal rather than political grounds, owing to his long connection with the district. These will welcome the change, and their interests will receive the attention they deserve when Coombe is their representative. Big John of Western Australia appears to have undergone a sudden political regeneration, and his latest announce ment, assuming it to be sincere, has come as a sweet surprise to the workers of the West. Payment of members has seemed to them hitherto an impossible dream, and they have been compelled to support and return men whose primary qualifica tion was the possession of a purse. Suddenly, in obedience to a motion passed by the Assembly, a Bill is promised to provide not only for payment of future parliaments but also to apply to present members. "If the thing is inevitable, let it come at once that we may share its benefits," is the reasonable cry of the Assembly ; but why was it not done be fore the last election ? Last week we had to draw attention to " white slavery " on the part of the poor pastoralists. This week we give a slab of " freedom of contract" which should make Lucifer shout for joy. An able bodied man was employed by a farmer on the West Tasmar, Tasmania, at 6s. a week, to see if he could stand it, but later on, as it was thought the working man would get too big for his pants by slaving for about 9d. per day, the em ployer accepted an offer (so it is alleged) of the same services for £5 a year and a clean rig out of store clothes. At the end of a couple of months, during which the farm hand amused himself in the pleasant occupation of wood-carting, it was found, after a careful audit, that his ledger wasn't properly posted, and the accounts re the various transactions in sheaoak were not quite satisfactory, and as the conveyer of wood forgot one day to come home he was' lion-and-unicorned to appear at the police court to explain why he left his hired service without leave. When the case came before Police Magistrate Whitfield, that gentleman, to his credit be it said, dealt with it in a just and humane manner. This is how he diagnosed it:— The P.M.—Do you consider you were giving him fair wages ? Plaintiff—Well, it was what he asked. He was a yearly servant, but had no agree ment. The P.M.—You should have had an agreement, seeing he was not a weekly ser vant. Was he simple minded ? Plaintiff—No, only a little soft. The P.M.—Don't you think he was a little extra soft working for you for £5 a year ? Plaintiff—But he also got a suit of clothes. The P.M.—I suppose he served your pur pose, and he was cheap. Plaintiff—Yes, he was cheap. The P.M.—There is 5s. due to him, and you will get that. Plaintiff—Yes, but I want him back, so that he can work to make up the money that is missing. The P M.—You are not going to make a convenience of the police court, and he is not charged with stealing. If he takes the trouble, he can demand a fair wage from you. I had a similar case a little while ago, and reasonable pay had to be made. If the man was a smoker, £5 a year would hardly keep him in tobacco. Did you expect the defendant to be honest on that salary ? Plaintiff—Oh, yes. I would be honest if I only got a shilling a year. ' The Police Magistrate said if he bad known the particulars he would have advised the plaintiff not to have taken out the information. The case was ac cordingly dismissed, and the " honest" farmer was left lamenting and without his " cheap" hand. Following the example of a similar body in Victoria, the annual conference of the Congregational Church last week passed a resolution expressing its desire for some better method of caring for the aged poor. Said resolution was very mild, and a more radical proposal from a layman was not reported by the press. It • is, however, satisfactory to note the gradual awakening of Church gatherings to the importance of this question, and allowance can be made for the mildness of their proposals when the personnel of these bodies is considered. The fact once recognised that such matters are part of the Church's duty, and its declaration that present methods are un satisfactory, will do much to strengthen the hands of those who are fighting for more humane treatment of our aged workers. The people of Denmark have devised a scheme which appears to be working well, though the pension or allowance per week looks very small from our standpoint. Miss Sellers writes an Interesting account of this in the Contemporary, and emphasises the distinction made between.the pensioner and the pauper. Only the worthless and the profligate are classed as paupers; those whose poverty comes through mis fortune are allowed to retain their liberty, their votes, and their independence. The crux of the whole matter lies just here, and no mere system of " poor relief " can ever be regarded as satisfactory which degrades the recipient and makes him feel something less than human. A Clare resident writes to " Tom Jones" as under:—"I am a constant reader of The Herald, and eagerly await its arrival here. I hope that some day it will be issued daily. ' Of what use are the Labor members V is the cry we often hear in the country, and I dare say .you hear the same in the city. My answer to that question is—the lawyer, doctor, grocer, draper, butcher, baker, clerk, and many others read the local institute books of an evening, but the laborer, mechanic, artisan, and factory employe read the newspapers and the speeches made by Tom Price, McGregor, Hutchi son, and others in the House which are contained therein. They thus acquire an interest in politics and follow up debates ; and they see the good the Labor members are doing. Our farmers here are very Conservative ; yet the farmers in parlia ment are Liberal—excepting Copley." Poynton turned his little popgun against the Labor corner on Wednesday, and thought he had made a hit when the Tories laughed and cheered. But it was only blank cartridge, and did nothing more than make a noise. He accused the Party of supporting the naturalization of aliens in 1894; Price simply referred to the records and showed that no vote was taken on the occasion referred to. " But your Party were supporting it," persisted the fallen Laborite; and again Price knocked him out by quoting the minute book of the Party to show that the ques tion was an open one to the Labor men then in the House. Caldwell's insane attempt to undermine the blocker's system met with the fate it deserved. From the first it was apparent that the bucolic bard was simply a tool in the hand of some cunning enemy of the leasing system. The much-vaunted peti tions from blockers asking for the fee simple of their holdings lost their force when Tom Price, in one of his best speeches, quoted a letter from several blockers saying they signed the petition under false representations. The letter appeared in The HeroM some weeks ago. Let the few blockers who have lately been tempted to go astray now resolve that they will never again listen to the voice of the tempter. " Let us alone; leave us to mind our own business," is frequently the cry of our opponents. They profess to want no "interference" from any Government, being able to manage their own affairs. It was amusing to hear one of the champions of this doctrine yelping at the Government on Wednesday because he thought they hadn't been smart enough to secure some of the South African trade for our pro ducers. "Why should the Government interfere?" asked a Labor member, and then another Tory came to the help of his floundering brother, and assured the House that private enterprise didn't really want Government assistance. But they do, whenever there is money in it. One of the favorite tricks of the Tory press is that of "lumping" the Labor Party. Let one individual member make a statement or express a so-called extreme view upon any subject, and immediately this is blazoned forth as the utterance of the Labor Party, even though it may be well known that the speaker stands alone in his views. Protest after protest has been made against this low trickery, but still the Tory scribe persists in his endea vor to discredit the Labor representative and arouse the prejudice of the unthinking against him and his cause. It was hardly to be expected that the Chamber of Commerce would say a word in favor of the Factories Bill, but when they uttered their public condemnation of the measure it was fair to expect them to supply a decent excuse. It is not forthcoming. One cannot repress a smile on being told that the extension of the Act to other trades by resolution of either House does not give sufficient " form and solemnity." Such a joke is worth pre servation. Then comes the threadbare argument about handicapping our manu facturers under Federation. As Victoria, who will be our chief competitor, already has a similar Act, this excuse is too stupid even for a joke. Poor destitute people ! How few are your friends, and how little they are willing to do for you. Cast aside like a frayed garment, you are looked upon as little better than a nuisance. Any kind of accommodation is considered good enough for you by a paternal Govern ment. How few of you dreamed in the heyday of your strength, as you helped to build up your country by the sweat of your brow, that the day was coming when you would be huddled together in an over crowded building. Not only that, but the strongest tie between man and wife ruthlessly disregarded, and couples who had lived for many years in harmony compelled to live apart. No less than 89jsick destitute persons are occupying beds in the Destitute Asylum, as they are suffer ing from incurable diseases. They ought not to be in the asylum at all. But there is much worse to record. No less than 74 more are under medical treatment, though not laid up, and these freely intermingle with the healthy inmates. Now, what does the Government pro pose to do for these wretched creatures ? A promise is given that a report will be obtained. Good old report. Good old pretence. Good old humbug. Again and again reports have been presented by the Destitute Board urging the necessity for an infirmary in which to treat these poor invalids. TI19 late Dr. Clindening urged years ago the absolute necessity for additional accommodation, which should be in the nature of an infirmary for in curables. Yet nothing is done. Let us hope that the discussion on the matter initiated by Mr. Hutchison in going into Supply will make the Government ashamed to delay longer making proper provision for South Australia's poorest sufferers. Having turned a deaf ear to Mr. Carpenter's old-age pension pro posals, they cannot do less than provide the aged with reasonable medical com forts. It seems somewhat strange that there should be any difficulty in getting from the Government the number of laborers in the service at present receiving a wage of 6s. per day. The Premier told parlia ment that the amount of £25,000 per annum would be required to raise the minimum wage from 6s. to 7s. per diem. To put it mildly, it looks a wild assertion to make, and has evidently been made haphazard, otherwise the Government would at once have supplied the figures. It is a question of simple multiplication— as you have only to find how many men are getting 6s. to arrive at the exact cost. The Government, however, are opposed to granting any increase, and seem to put every obstacle in the way, being of course ably backed up by their well-paid officers, who are adepts in the use of figures. There seems to be little sympathy with the unskilled laborers on the part of the Government or its subordinates, but they should be compelled to prove to demon stration the correctness of the statement that it will take £25,000 to pay every man now getting 6s. an extra Is. a day. When a "lady in khaki" at the mili tary bazaar held at the Town Hall, Sydney, presented a telegram (a shilling to pay) to Mr. Palmer, of vitadatio fame, that gentle man, upon opening it, found the telegram read :—" Does vitadatio kill or cure ?,r However, as he had not paid his shilling, he stipulated before doing so that the fair wag must, take a dose as a penalty first. There was no help for it—no medicine, no shilling. So the dose was administered, and all the bazaar folk declared that it was that dose of vitadatio that caused Miss Cunnynhame to become one of the most energetic workers at the bazaar. '' What is the difference between civilization and anarchy ? While thirty millions French peasants were held in hopeless subjection, civilization was supreme; when "they rose up and chopped off sundry thousands of aristocratic heads, anarchy reigned. While the troops of saintly King Humbert were shooting down the hungry ItaUans clamoring for bread, civilization was on top ; when an assassin served King Humbert with his own medicine, civilization gasps at the horror of it all."—Stephen Bell. Stephen Bell had better be careful, or lie will .get himself into trouble. The naked truth is very shocking to some people. 