TgECHERCmiFELLES. j CHArTER VII. j ' , , nr t ve miles from the Manor Abn' 'IT innd. a tllird ,of *]le H°««: ' f 'on(, wer.t by wat«r. were the pic !-lisf'1'ce Jmins of a small abbeyiry turesq'ie re ^ th? )i)0st part( but with a W'1] 1 ill i-r two Still m tolerable preser ia. Tf stoo'l fsr fr°m the haunts of -ration. 1 ?? _____ ,, unbosomed in trees. Tost exactly in the 1'idd,e of a sma11 Island was an ideal place for a picnic, j In excursion thitliei* -vas always one of , LisemHits when there was a party ? ' ,af tlie Manor House. It had been ftf!;JVi.,rlipr later than usual tins tim» in ike« e ofadryday, but the fine ritatioiT= «ere hnrneflly sent out and lerlv lespmid^l to. tlie Cherchefelle picnics C nuifce * »Hll,e in tlie 'ocalifc.v The ''rwter number of the guests camc by ^ jnd, Va vini; their carriages, walked tlie fil'lils to the river ; but a greac aC„v includir'Sr a cmitinsrent of the Cherche fajV 'p»rty. came by water in Cannes, licrbt tkifls. and f-nir-'-:iro»i boats, and one lot of rirls in a capacious, ponderous, slow-going craft, rojoiciu? in the appropiiat.e name of The Vaniilv Co;ich. The Coach, however, ps nnt to be de-]ii=ed. The services of the officinl ferryman had not been requisitioned, 50 it Answered ndmirahly as a ferry boat, the more elderly members of the Darfy, especially jftlipy «ere at all portly, decidedly preferring itto the more danzerouMooking 6kiffs. Euii] was an expert canoeist, and So fond of the water generally that Avice was much surprised 'n beir her say that she was going [ivrowl, a* the same t:me proffering the use 0f her canoe to f ne of her friends. The fact was that, as the canoe, a present from Harold, Ironsht by bim from Canada, was specially constructed for two persons, she could not very well offer the second seat to any one but Sir Lymit, so that it was her only way of escaping a long Ms-o- tete. He, however, (nsppcted no'liii)?, save that Enid was a trifle too unselfish in giving up everything to others ; but lie or, Id not help feeling rather vexed when, after having with some difficulty se cured the exclusive use of a dog-can, he found her driving off in a waggonette, waving her hand gaily towards him from the midst of a bevy of girls. Her ladyship had already set out, goiii' by water in one bf the larger boats. Sheltered bv a light- canopy, she could lie back at her ease, and talk or be talked to as plea-el her best af tlie moment. This suited her a threat deil betW than a long. drive in the hot sun, though she infended to return by' wad, as slit could thus leave miiQh earlier, sod so avoH the [cold night air. Avice, how e-er, who had been seeing the p^opleioff^vEas still disengaged, so Sir Lysart hastened to appropriate her before he should again be too late. Avice had noticed his disappointment, and though when she spoke cf it he protested rather haughtily he had nwer wished for other j toaipwions than herself, yet he soon softened' tinder her kindly touch, and at last, when they M been for some little time on the way, he forccdhu«b-0ne-^ *leart 8ay'n£, with a 'If the supposition were not to» ridiculous. Imd.t almost think that Enid was trying to him0\ I' 1-y ar)y. possibility am Ii , ?e^ a W01'd alone with her now. Can | you not help me?' I 3^^' no'; ? returned A 'ice quickly. ' I j dlriialuTr y°u will h Tc much chance Attest af n ),--l'V,- r. is. ^,Wftys in such re-. BPcewiarv f ' PI?.n,c ' ^ufc ^ '8 not absolutely What is tn t0 ,retl,rn fts they came, place y°' om takinS.her hack in and^fevnn°Ufld-iRVP 0Ut ofit iusUs before; lament!,^' ed me too- 1 should ^ ^ »M»r„nf S,in,0ft™u': '»'? »»» I the river -ai ?' always goes home by admirer nf™ ,.1,*' Hs y°u know, a great % ' timrlltfht-0n the water- What so sugjest to rJ!!!1'1 ^ tbe can®6 1 I shall C°nvcyftiiees ? then W^0'6 his exchan&ing; fervour n ^- ? raufit accompany dark, r fP 'f n°t at all up to the ^ to risk an ujseo'1 Bny°ne ^ W°U,d fientary, yoTallf -vou are nnt compli J'ouRelj ? Ym Ver,v S°od- But what about others : hnf „„„ a ''range very unselfishly for ^together ind f '!U 10 'Je 'e^ out 'n the cold i)ir,men't ake s°me chatace seat at the fte wair^-.p!1,- 1 s1'^ take Enid's place in ? . The water- party always '''Wul to Iip'.m ti™1!, and shall be ?S'* Btaved tn 1 r®t,,irn sooner. I have tl0st 'earn' to\? 1°? ftfter Eftid before, but I 'And l-iS , U8t h,er toy°u now.' 8'lilll never renolX w]10'e 'lenit I promise you : ilipil ? °{ y°ur 'rust,' he answered 81,11,1 st«al 'I,™ a,llKhter ^e, ' If I can, I eilr''er- th,if ... ''ro .J1!'00 thein, ? and sot off ' rive U1G ,,na-v 'ln'er on the way. Enid uso of the ,„',r ?°n-,and ,\wil1 take ttdvan ' 1'portunity to tiV to improve my J'1' Enid ;ui(i 1 t ^°U 8-e ?'®ht of the canoe, ,0ff what, lift,, 1, ure ln,8sii»K also, you will e little r 'eco»ie of tin.' those ft.,v '(!;SRe,d w'lat would be tho effect ^''Seiiient n.i,;' ,re.es? words, and' how the ar ,y'lt''y wftre j ' \lce and he had planned «o n1(1,.„ lnet! result in something a ? ^'Pateii. ' ,8erious than either of them Tlio'fu^3, ''c® niore a complete sue k'rt li;i,| hegin with, was perfect, 1 * few showers in the night, ?'ust sufficient to lay the dust and render driving a pleasure instead of a misery. Now the sup shone brightly, tempered by soft re freshing breezes. Then for once the right people eeetu^d to fall together without any trouble.iJady^gossipB and mischief makers, soothed by the fine company, were quite on their best behaviour ; there were no annoyed looks from any on», and all the younger ones, who made up the majority, were in high spirits, eager to be n'easod, determined to enjoy . the picnic. They seemed, in fact, almost as if they were a party of ordinary ^holiday folk celebrating one of the festivals of St. Lubbock. Afosl of the men wore in flannels and blazers ; the girls in more dh os sified costume. Some, got up for business and boating, were in sailor hats, natty flannel dresses, aud stout tan gloves, whilst others, the carriage folk these, were in more orthodox picnic costume, wonoerfu' combinations of silk and lace and tibbons, such afl would need the pen of an artist, to describe. The Cherche felle girls were between the two. both wearing some soft white stuff, with touches of lavender here and there, meant for mourning— ^dresses not so plain as the boating costumes nor yet too elaborate for scrambling about the riiins. Her ladyship was clad in her favorite gray, semething apparently very simple, yet as usual she was the best dressed woman present. Shortly after the party had landed on the island, a due allowance being made for strag glers, they all sat down to luncheon. The re past went off merrily enough, the conversation turning on 'he ruins ^ 1 ' It is really a great mistake,' said Captain Garstone, one of the House party, ' to visit a place like this in broad daylight. It may be pretty, but the sun makes it all too literal, destroys the romance, allows no room for the play of fancy, whereas by moonlight and Alone, or, better still, with one beloved object to en hance the delight — ' Throwing himself back he began grandiloquently — ' ' If thou wou'dsn see fair Melrose aright. Go view it bv the pale moonlight ; F6r the gay beams of lightsome day Gild but to flout——' ' * He never got beyond ' flout,' his liacknejred quotation being brought to an untimely end by his head being suddenly muffled in a shaw', amidst irrepressible peals of laughter froip his neighbors. When the merriment had subsided, and the Captain after releasing himself, uttering a few sulk v remarks about ' vulgar horse-play ' the while, had turned to his partner for consolation, Avice said — ' Unt truly, Caotain Garstone is quite right ; the place is exceedingly beautiful by moonlight. Only I quescon it many of you here present would really care about visiting it«alone. ' And why should we noc ?' cried some — strangers Jthnse. ' Because of the ghosts ?' laughed others. ' Unfortunately there are no ghosts nowa days ; tjieve is a society on purpose for looking them up and they can't produce a single spook!' cried another. ' But T can assure yon the island is really haunted,' protested Avice. ' At least so I aip assured by thoso who ought to know— bv ?the covin try people who have lived near 'it all their lives. Certainly I have visited it at all hours myself without coming aqros9 anything supe'rnatural, but that is perhaps because I am not one-of the privileged, and, besides, I don't think! have'ever been'alone.' 41 But what are they like when they do come ?' laughed one, a young and very pretty American girl. ' I've seen a good many old things since I've been in Europe, but nothing in the shape of a ghost. If you could call one up for 1 lie that would be a real treat ; there are heaps of things I should like to ask it.' ' I am sorry not to be able to oblige you ; besides, thev are said sometimes to bring death or misfortune to those who do see them. As to what they are like, Captain Garstone ha&, been looking up the legends lately, so I dare say he will enlighten us. ' Avice knew all the legends of the abbey and its history a very great ^ deal better than Cap tain Garstone, only she wished to console him for his mortification, and this was her way of doing it. 1 He hummed and ha'd at first, but very soon consented, as Avice knew that he would, and turned condescendingly to the pretty American with — ' There are two sets of ghosts belonging to two separate legends, one very much older than the ' other, but the more modern one having the advantage of being founded on t.n ? historical fact. Which am I to tell you Miss Blair 9' ' Boih, if you will be so good. But start with the older one, please ; it is not facts, but ghosts I am dyiug to hear about uow. I fjsel interested already.' ' Then I fear you will be disappointed ; there is nothing very new in either of them — all these old legends run much on the same lines. The more ancient one, iu the beginning at least, is a sort of variation on ' How the squire of low degree Loved the King's daughter of Hongarie,' only, in thi6 case, instead of a king's daughter it wa is a haughty nob'e'6. After a time, the intrigue was discovered, and the squire of low degree fled for refuge to the monastry here, where* to save his life, . he was compelled to shave his head and (ake tho vows, whilst the lady was married out of hand to a neighboring knight. Unfortunately,' as it happened, tlie worthy knight was knocked, on the head a year or two later, and the widow, her own mistress now, was left free to follow her owndcvices. Under pretence of retiring to a nunnery, .she disappeared, and when next «he turns up, it is as the handsome young novice Brother Ber nard, the last new acquisition to the monastery on Abbey Island. Had she left die poor man alone lie might have ended his life in the odor of sanctity ; as it was their secret was again discovered. They fled, but, were captured and brought back, und summary justice was at once administered to them. The monk it was said was walled up alive in a recess that is still partly standing ; the lady was drowned at midnight in the river. Some versions have it that she was strangled first, but all agf-ee in pointing to the river bed as the place of her last repose. Since then the erring couple have . be°n in the habit of prowling about the river' d j banks, the monk with bowed head, weeping ; and ringiiur his hands, the lady silent and with ' haughty bearing — from which I bike it that she Was the stronger minded of the tvvo and that in all probability tbe wholp affair originated with her. She still bears malice too, .'and, should her glance happen to fall upon you, you will most certaioly Ik* dead within' tihree days,' ' I guess I'd chance that, ifV only il'a. the luck to catch a glimpse of her 1' sfti^hpysan Ithemum Blair quickly. *? And the other one' ''The olhcr spirits — for there are six — are more innocuous. They are merely the appari ? ? ? !;?: tions'of half a a dozen monks strung up hy order of bluff King Hal as an example to th«s others when they refused to leave their dwell ing place at ihe time of the great spoliation* At certain 'hours six shadowy cowled figures ' ' glide in si'm^'r file through the cloisters into . ' the chapel, hut they have never been known 1 ' to trouble themselves with the affairs of mortals, so I cloubt, even if they were able, whether they would answer your iateiroga^. tories.' ' I reckon I'd try *:Iiem, though,' said Mik« Blair, naively. ' I've found most men ready to answer me so far.' ; There was a laugh at this ; but, when th« ' Captain began to make some suitable reply his fi'Otcee, who wa« present, not quite approv ing his attention being withdrawn from her* self for so long, gently interposed, th' convert sat'on became more general, and shortly afterwards the company dispersed to anuug themselves in various fashions. Some betook themselves to boating, son*® to tennis, the more enjoyable that it wag played under difficulties, the only open spnes being on the edge of the water, whilst ever% on1* went over the ruins in turn. A few mar® onifce a business of it, tracing out! at least their own satisfaction, the remains of tl-« cloisters, the refectorv. the chap°I, the cells - but the greater number strolled about indif ferently. nerFee.'ly content with the preser ft and troubling themselves not at all about t? ® past. Then there followed the usual picnic tew, with kettles boiled gipsy-fashion, suspended! X; from noles. after which -.11 the servants de*. f, parted with their impedimenta, and the visitors a were left entirely alone. As her sister had foretold, Enid had been - ?; so active in attending to her friends, that Sir- §; Lysart had hardly been able to gat a word -A with her all day. Chrysanthemum Blair, who, || despite her nonsense about the ghosts, wast I' deeplv interested in the old place, had asked If such searching questions when she came to £p- ' |i over it. and wanted to know so much of its? real history, that her escort was compelled to appeal to one of the Cherchefelles frr aid, botf» , the girls knowing every stone of the run* -ii almost as if it had been their own hou'»es» Avice was engaged, but Enid had responded! .' ? agerly, and conducted the interested girl over? ! £ everv part and into the remotest corners, ! relating the history of almost every stone. Sip ft Lysart had afterwards been her partner in * J game of tennis, but that was not exactly whafii | he wanted. In spite of Avice's warning, he ha,-i '- looked forward to wandering by lier sido f | through the woods for at least some part of 'I day — nav, he had nevetf, b«»en on the island bft- ? fore, and it would have been only kind if sh» | had offered to play circerone to him as to tftfc P-f pretty American. Buf. he resolved not to jj :i cheated of everything, and, walking quietly | awav from the rest, proceeded to put into esc- I ecution a private plan of his own. | 