A Snake Fight. My friend and I were walking throngh a clearing when the unmistakable rattle of a snake arrested ns, and inafew minutes we saw the beginning of a fierce annnnntar between twn docriltr anemia —a black snake and a rattle. These two branches of the snake family are hereditary and Implacable foes, though what was the origin of the tend Darwin sayeth not. Between them there ' can be neither fellowship, smlty, compromise, nor even armed neutrality. War to the death ie their unalterable law from gene ration to generation. The black snake Is much smaller than the rattle, but h9 is a formidable fee, and, as science Is superior to mere size or strength, he generally cornea ont of the fray victo rious. He aeenu to "scent the battle (or rather the rattle) from afar," and gives himself no rest until he gains a point of vantage from which he can make a sadden swoop upon his noisy foe. On this ccoaslon we did not see the black snake until he leaped on the rattle's throat, nor could we afterwards make oat how he got so near without being seen. That power of ailent, stealthy, rapid movement gives the blaokfellow an Immense advantage over the rattling enemy. It is tbat. indeed, on which his hope of victory mainly depends. Let the blaoky by a sodden leap grasp the ;fhroat of the nnwary rattle, and the chances are he will never let go again "nntU death do them part bnt if that first chance be loBt, and the two meet in fair fight, after fair warning, the fangs of the rattle are pretty sore to gain him the victory. In this instance no such misfortune was the blacky's. He made his spring and got his grip of the throat, and there he held on "like grim death." With a fory that was sometimes awful, the rattle wriggled and shook, and rolled and writhed. He leaped into the air, twisted and tossed himself about, banged hiB assailant down on the ground, rolled on him and over him, but all in vain. Blacky simply stack. Nothing could move him, nothing tempt him or compel him to relax his hold for a single moment. To have done so wonld have been almost certain death to himself j bnt, throngh all the roarings, leaplngs, toasings, writh- lngs, and hissings of his victim, on he held, with a relentless tenacity that was eqnal only to his love of his own life and his hate of his foe's. Thus, for mora than an hour and a half, the life and death game waa kept np without a minute's intermission and without any sign of weakening on either aide. Then we perceived that the rattle's strength seemed to be giving way, and ail of a sudden he coiled himself np and lay still, as it to die. Whether It was from sheer exhaustion or only a rase to deceive hla enemy, a faint or a feint, we were not snre. We thought it was the former, bnt blacky evidently thought otherwise. He understood his enemy better than we did, and did not mean to be tricked. Down he lay by the aide of the prostrate victim, bnt with hla teeth firmly set In the now torn and crumpled throat. Then, after a qniet interval, the one sided truce having come to an end, or the rase having failed,, the rattle rose again and resumed the nneqnal struggle with the energy of desperation— a supreme straggle for life. Again he reared and rolled and coiled, and darted np and down, forward and backward, carrying his enemy with him In all his contortions, trying by every conceivable twist to get his fangs into the merciless foe ; bnt all in vain. Then we began to see In tne victim renewed eigne of falling strength ; bnt, notwithstanding Increasing weak ness, he Btroggled for a time continu ously, then intermittently, nntil, more than two houra and a half after the first attack, the poor rattle gave op the con test and lay down to die. This time it was no rase ; he was done for, and within 10 or 12 minutes after the mate surrender he yielded np the ghost. But even then blacky still stuck, and it was not until the corpse began to stiffen that he for the first time withdrew the nails which had been driven nearly three hours before Into the anre place - the throat ci the unhappy rattle. Then, the tragedy being ended, the comedy began, and a comedy indeod it was, at any rate to the two spectators. On the part of the victor there was no sign of triumph, no dancing around the prostrate enemy ; bat, with all possible ataidinees and straightforwardness, the hero prepared for the celebration of hla victory. He began by stretching and straightening out the lifeless body, smoothing ont every crease and wrinkle on Its scaly surface, with what Intent we could not even guess. He seemed to have assumed the role of undertaker, and to be preparing the corpse for decent bnrlal, magnanimous towards a brave though de feated foe. Not a twlafc or wrinkle waa left upon the carcase from tip to toe, from nose to outstretched tail. Then, to our greater bewilderment, we saw that he waa licking the body from end to end, making straight parallel lines of saliva along Its entire length, which, with the rays of the setting snn falling on-lt, exhi bited all its varied hnes, and made as long for Its possession, that we might carry it away with as. Bnt the darky had something better to do than indulge a benevolent sentiment for onr gratification; For 10 minutes or more he continued hie preparations, until he made four or five streaks of saliva, which shone like satin ribbons, laid horizontally on the dead body from end to end. Then blacky rose and shook himself, and, having done so, took up his position at the head of his victim and calmly gazed npon him, with the first gleam of satis faction In hla bright little eye. ' We were still full of wonder and conjecture as to his purpose, Interment of some kind being the only thing we yet thought of, Bnt then we bsw him calmly open hla month to Its utmost capacity and take into it the head of the defunct rattler ; then he gulped and swallowed ; then rested; then another gnlp and another swallow ; and so on until he had tacked into him the whole body, a foot longei than himself ; and then, with the tip of the tall still dangling from his mouth, he dragged himself Into the scrnb, and thence probably Into a gully, there to spend a month or more digesting his ponderous meal, and "fighting the battle o'er again " In blissful dreams. 