ICOMFLeTh STUJtf.] Mystery of Croiford Court, OR, MURDER HY SUGGESTION, LADY JOHNSON, ol " A Cbunce iJolsy," " Within • Tear," 4c. oomiioBJ. N my re turn from the Conti nent, a few fears ago, I received a pressing I idt itation from mv -old friend, Vera Lei cester, to J join their | party on the 1st of September. During my abscncc abroad, and about nino months before, Vera had married a man of wealth and position. I bad never , seen him, but from the enthusiastic way in ! which her letters spoke of his virtues of j heart and mind I insensibly drew the conclu- i «ion that worldly advantages had *ha<T less than usual to do with her settlement in life. Being in a stale of ill-health and nervous depression, I felt strangely disinclined for I the gaieties of a fushionable house-gather* ing. ßtill, as eye-witness of my friend s happiness, I hoped to dispel a few of my own gloomy thoughts, and in her sympa- . the tic companionship regain something of | my lost cheerfulness. Bo I bought some I new frocks, had my trunks packed, and left Paddington on the 30th of August for Crom- 1 ford Court, their place in Miadleshire. _ I secured a corner in a first-class carriage, at the other end of which eat two ladies; and later a gentleman, whom I had observed, to pass my window several times, got in and took the .vacant seat opposite me. He was a fine man, tall, and of military appearai'ce. With the thoughtless" criticism of absolute unoccupation I Was deliberating on his claim to good looks when his eyes , yrere suddenly turned upon^ me, and I ex- j »erienced the curious sensation of being un £bU to withdraw my own. For a few second# my regard was arrested ^ then the consciousness of having been surprised in the ! fuidst of an inquisitive stare made me flush , liotly, and «ritb an effort I turned my head »way. , , For some time I did not venture to look in his direction. When I did so it was to j discover him calmlv reading a newspaper, and I soon caught myself again narrowly observing him. . Ves He was certainly good-looking. Hair dark and wavy, nose thin, with sharply-cut nostrils, mouth that his heavy inoustache prevented my seeing—and the chin was firm and masterful. llow bug iny investigations lasted I know not, but I gradually became dimly con scious of my curiosity being reciprocated. Thi» time, unabashed, \ continued my scrutiny, gazing intently into the strangely* attractive orbs, irresistibly held by a kind M spelt I was powerless to break, and I re- 1 membered no more. f (u awakened by the opening of the carriage door, and just in time to see the Jails of my opposite neighbour's coat dis appear. I was startled to Bnd myself alone, the two ladies having departed during my sleep. I drew out my watch. It was more ihan two hours since we left town. Then I looked for my dressing- case. Yes, it was then oil right. I smiled at my fancies, ßtill it struck me as odd and unusual that I should have slepl so soundly. We changed trains at Rentbam, and ba.f an hour later, on descending at Fairtown, I was surprised to see my former travelling companion on the platform. The Leicester« brougham was waiting, and as I prepared to step in he approached, hat in band, Inquiring if I were Mrs. Faulkner. I bowed. "lien will you let me introduce myselfT Hy name is Gresham Mrs. Leicester thought it probab'.p we might be travelling bv (became train." The name struck me as fumilinr. Where bad I heard it before? He entered the brougham after m#, and we talked during the short mile that intervened between the statibn and the Court. "Voi were dozing so peacefully when I changed for a smoking carriage at Aider dale, bo volunteered, " if I had not seen you at Bentbam, I should have come to look f°n "P-" , • Jl T "It was curious my sleeping so soundly. I never remember doing «» before, travelling | in the daytime." He looked surprised. " Indeed. The shaking of the carriage, I ■appose; and you looked tired." " Why did you not speak to me then, a* you seemed to Iuto had no difficulty in • recognising me!" " f was not quite certain until I saw you get out at Fairtown. 'A young lady in ■light mourning.' Those were the only de tails Urs. Leicester gave me." We arrived at the bouse, It was just tea * «im) but Vers deputed her duties to her ■ister, and insisted upon carrying me off to my room, where, after putting me into a cool "wrapper and on to the sofa, she drew up i low cd air in front of. the tiny tea-table, and ministered to my wants, chattering in tier bright way, the picture of happiness. " I told Captain Gresham to look out for you," she said, "and gave him such a description as would lead inevitably to his recognising you." I was a little startled. " He «rent up to town on business yester- j day. I told bim'how nervous and unprac tical yod were, in spite of all your Journey ing«, and begged bim to quietly keep an eye on you;" and she laughea tnemly. ■'Vera, it is not—surely, the Captain Gresham you were engaged to two year« ago?" " Yes!" and her cheek flushed ever so •lightly. " But that was all over and done with long before I met George." " But—how curious he should be here." " Not at alL My busband met him at I Homburg, where he went to drink the waters a few weeks ago, and they saw a J good deal of each other." Something in my face made her add has tily, "Have no apprehensions, you circum spect darling. We are good friends, but he I is a* indifferent to me now as I to him—or else he would not be here." " But Ven—surely yon cared very much (or each other at one tune ?" fihe hesitated. "Did we? We were young and foolish tn those da vs." " And why did you not marry him ?" I continued, with gentle persistence. " Well, you see, he had only hi« pay, and I come to the conclusion that mntrimnnv on those conditions wss not good enough. "And be?" " Oh, he acquiesced, of course. What else could -be dor "Then you jilted him?" "Hard'y that. It was a case of unrn-#ard ■circumstances. We discussed them, and «am« to an understanding—mutually." "You r.erer really loved him, Vera," I «Mitinued with conviction. " I am afraid not," balancing her teaspoon an the edge of ber cup. " Ah, Gertrude, I was so tired of poverty. To enter volun tarily another stat« of it was beyond my ■and ftrwgtfc." "Then your husband's waallb was the in ducement for you to marry bin»?" I spnke rather bitterly. lluving made a love-match myself and outlived my happi ness in one bhort year, I was intolerant of the so-called "mamage de conTenance." " You are mistaken," the answered, stead ily, and now the flush deepened in her chccks. *' That George is welj off, I do not deny, it a source of considerable satisfaction lo me. Rut I love my husband, Gertrude, and what is more, I honour and respect him more than I can say. And when you know him, dear, you will doubt mo no more." I felt I had been over-hasty " Forgive, me, Vera. I am disposed to be horribly critical sometimes. I think the hot journey has disagreed with me." And I put my hand on hers, and we fell to talking over the events that hud taken place in both our lives since our last meeting four yeara before. I did not nee Mr. Leicester until dinner time. Be was a tall, broad-shouldered man of forty-five; not handsome, but with a face of remarkable intelligence, and his extreme courtesy of manner and quiet friendliness assured mo of the sincerity of my welcome. My delicate Etat« of health prevented my being more than an onlooker at the various gay doings that took place during the fol lowing week. There was a ball one night, theatricals another, and impromptu dancing every evening on the polished oak floor of the great square hall. With the exception of being taken in to dinner several times by Captain Gresham, I saw very little of him. The strange impression made upon me from the first by the peculiarity of nis gaze developed insensibly into a curious fear, which all my efforts of will were powerless to conquer. Truth to say, he affected my company is little ob I could wish. Although unfailing in the ordinary observances of polite society, be never evinced any desire lor my companionship, and we tacitly avoided each other äs much as circumstances would allow. To Vera he was deferentially ceremonious, courteously indifferent. Between him and Mr. Leicester there appeared to exist a frank good-fellowship that I could little under stand between two natures I instinctively felt to be the antipodes of each other. I bad been there just a week, when that event took place, the consequences of which have affected my life ever since. We had gone upstairs about half-past eleven one night, the men on our departure retiring to the billiard-room for that cosy hour of smoky intercourse so dear to the masculine mind. It was late usually when they separated, so Vera said. I had been asleep some little time, when I was awakened by a curious feeling, startling in its horrible intensity, which mado me conclude that I hod been disturbed by some bad dream, of which 1 had only a confused recollection. An irresistible longing to see my friend made mo rise from my bed, and slipping on my dressing-gown, 1 opened the door softly and peeped out into tue corridor. It was in darkness. Evidently the household had gone to rest. I was in a sloepv, half-dazed condition, and smiled to myself at the im pulse which would have sent me wandering over the silent house in the dead of night. Then I roused myself, took the unusual precaution of turning the key in my lock, and looked at my watch. It was half-past tweUe. The men had doubtless come up early to-night. Then I lay down again, fell asleep im mediately and dreamed; and this was my dream: I thought I was walking down the long corridor, towards Vera's bedroom, a wild impulse leading me on. I trembled with eagerness to confront her, to hurl at her the fierco invective« that rose to my lip>. prompted by a strange malignant hatred at my heart. [ loathed her soft, winsome beauty; ab horred the p'easant friendliness with which she treated me. To witness her deep and perfect happiness, when my own was irre vocably wrecked, goaded me past endurance. To watch the outpouring of a love which had made my own heart desolate roused me to fury. I would see her—charge her with her falseness—lash her with the venom of my scorn and contempt—taunt her with her b^se and odious unfaithfulness. And in a moment of indescribable frenzy, I seized an Indian club, that lay on a cabinet on the top nf the stairs. Then I went cautiously to her door, turned the handle gently and entered. The small wax night-light Bhed a soft radiance, by which I perceived Vera asleep. I approached the bod and leaned over her. Her pretty head was dropped forward in an attitude of deep slumber; ner hair, tossed back, lay in its bright luxuri ance oa the pillow, and I marked the glitter of her wedding-ring on the white hand that lay outside the coverlet. And then a frantic transport seized me, and all the deadly hate that I had hidden so secretly, a'l the sense of injustice and wrong that had been pent up in me so long, all the i ^alnuRy and bitter envy that had made of my life a hell for months burst forth and I became mad! Mad with vindictive passion —mad with the delirious and intoxicating joy of one who feels that his hour of revenge has enme. And then I raised the c'.ub in my two hands, and with a mighty swinf^ I whirled it round my head, and—awoke with a great cry, to find myself rigid with horror, the cold sweat Btanding in beads on my temples, and my heart bounding with the indescribable anguish of a deadly fear. There was no more sleep for me that night. I rose and paced the room for hours, fighting with the awful dread that had so comp'.ctely taken possession of me. On one point alone mv brain was clear; I must get away—away from the scene that might re call ^ny ghastly vision. When the sun was Up I dressed, pondering the difficulties that lay in my path. I had the unenviable re putation of being whimsically uncertain in my movements, and generally erratic, but even that might fail to reconcile Vera to my immediate departure. Of my awful dream I determined to breathe no word. What I apprehended I knew not, but a shuddering tirror of re maining longer under that rpof bad so com pletely mastered me, that I felt my reason would be imperilled if I stayed. When my maid brought in my early cup of tea, I gave her orden to pack, and feeling too ill to descend I sent a pencilled line to Mrs. Leicester, asking for a few minutes* conversation later. She came immediately after breakfast and in a few words I told her of my intentions. I pleaded a sudden " crise de nerfs," and my deathly pallor and extreme prostration gave a semblance of truth to the trite statement. I explained elaborately the imperative or ders of my physician, and the necessity of absolute solitude and isolation at such times. At first she was incredulous, then impatient at what the was pleased to call my "crot chety fads," but gradually seeing the tears in my eyes and my air of utter weariness, her sweet nature asserted itself and she con sented to my departure on the condition that I should return and finish my visit later, when she and her husband were alone: So I went back to town, took lodgings at Rot ting Hill, and lived a quiet, humdrum life for several weeks. The effect of my strange dream was gradu ally wearing off, and my shattered nerves were beginning to regain their never-too great composure, when one day, looking over the morning paper, I was attracted by the heading of a paragraph, "Shocking tragedy in Middleshire," and read as fol lows: "A sad and altogether inexplicable tragedy took placn early on Wednesday at Cromford Court, the residence of George Leicester, JJsq On entering his bedroom, about 1-30 a.m., Mr. Leicester was horrifipd ♦o discover his wife's dead body (the head of which was shockingly mutilated), on (he | bed. The unfortunate lady had retired some .two boon Ufert, ud nut b»ve beep uleep | v hen the murderous onslaught was commit • tei. A.t Indian club, covered with fresh bloodstains, was found on a cabioct in the corridor, at a lilt'e distance from tbe bed room door. From the violence of the blow, it would seem that death had been instan taneous. Medical aid was at once sum moned, but Doctor Frith of Fairtowu, who was quickly in attendance, slated that life had been extinct more t'.ian an hour. No clue has been discovered as to the perpe trator of tho dastardly crime. Active in vestigations are proceeding." 1 stared, stunned with horror, at the fatal lines. My eyes seemed riveted on them. Over nrd ovei again I read them, in & dazed unconscious way, sometimes repeating them aloud as one who cons a lesson. And by slow degrees, through the dimness of my paralysed understanding, the details forced themsmre* one by one into my brain. The time, placc, circumstances, even the instru ment ot death were identically the same as 1 had pictured in my dream. And then my brain began to reel, a sudden blindness seized mc, and with a piercing cry I fell prone to tbe floor in the God-given res pite of insensibility. To give anyone healthy in mind and body an idea of tbe mental anguish I suffered dur ing tbe next twelve months is entirely out of my power. Close and unremitting in vestigation had failed to elucidate the mys tery of Vera'a death. All the vigilance of skilled detectives had proved unequal to the discovery of the murderer. ' I was torn asunder by doubt and un certainty. Sometimes aft irresistible im* pulse to relate my dream to Mr. Leicester assailed me with such force, that I could hardly restrain from Beeking him out for that purpose. At other times I would ask mysetf what end it would serve? The start ling coincidence might add to his distress, but could aid in no way in bringing the 1 criminal to justice. The bitter reflection, suggesting to me the possibility of my con fidence on this subject having acted as a warning, had 1 communicated it to Vera, was ever present with mc. I had refrained I from doing so, from a shrinking distaste to I speak of it, and the latent fear that any I relatu ii of my night's experience might be I met by jesting incredulity, and more decided opposition to my departure. Thus brooding, my mind fluctuating be tween a sense of duty and expediency, I lived in continual self-torment. I was worn to a shadow, and finally broke down so completely as to necessitate putting myself under skilled medical care. The world-wide reputation of Professor — had reached me. I determined to' seek his advice, and to travel by easy stages to Vienna for that purpose. My first interview was a little disappoint* ing. He listened to my symptoms, treated my caso with apparent unconcern, and Bent me back to my hotel to rest and get ove* the fatigue of tho journey. On my next visit he was more detailed, and made his inquiries in a business-like way that in ten minutes laid the history of my life before him without reservation. The professor was old enough to have been my father. He had a kindly manner and the sympathetic tact that invites con fidence. It was an inexpressible relief to feel that at lost someone shared with me tbe secret I had not hitherto revealed to a living soul. He looked At me curiously as I told my story, putting odd questions now and then as to particulars, that struck me as being wide of the mark, but when I had finished he said, "My dear lady, you are suffering from extreme nervous excitement and brain fatigue. I conld suggest a remedy —hypnotism! t was startled. HypnotismI To my ig norant mind it was closely connected with supernaturalism. Vague ideas of befrig sub ject to ao influence from which I could never more escape floated through my brain. Casually-heard-of cases of the unscrupulous exercise of such an influence came into my mind. He noted mv hesitation. " You are apprehensive," he remarked, smiling. " The suggestion startles you." 11 Ye*s," I replied. " I had never thought of it. But—• He interrupted me, taking off his spec tacles, and looking across with kindly serious eyes. " My child, you are young, and God and I alone know vHiat you nave gone through. My work in life is to relieve suffer ing. I can alleviate yours. Will yon let me try?" I burst into tears. And when I left him, soothed and consoled by his hopeful words, it was with the understanding that I should begin at once the treatment from which he anticipated such good results. Some weeks elapsed. A certain portion of each day I spent under the hypnotic in fluence of the Professor, and woke from my trance in a delicious a state of quiet calm I had not known for years. The experiment was successful beyond my .farthest hopes. Sleeplessness—one of the most obstinate features of my caie—had passed away, and my nights were spent in natural slumber, instead of in the weary tossings consequent on the activity of a wakeful brain. My nerves were calmed. I bad put on flesh and regained something of my former good spirits. Life seemed less sombre, and I be gan to take an interest in many of my old pursuit«. My gratitude to tbe Professor was bound less. It was to him I owed mv recovered strength, my repose of mind and body. At his advice I was leaving for a time to take a course of waters at Marienbad. I had gone to say " good-bye" to him. When' I was admitted be was pacing the room, seeming ly disturbed. I sat down, and after a few turns he stopped in front of me. "There is something I want to say to you," he began, "and 1 have been debating as to whether it would not be better left unsaid." I was silent, a trifle perplexed. " I think you are strong enough to bear it, and Jret —he hesitated—" if it affects you harmfully after all we have accom plished—" and he paused meditatively. My interest was fully aroused. "I am strong enongh to bear anything, except"— smiling—" unsatisfied curiosity.' « Be took a chair opposite me, and felt my pulse. " Calm and strong. Very well. Now turn your thoughts back for a moment. Do yoii remember, in answer to certain Questions of mine, telling me of a vi or in Mr. Leices ter's house—one to whom your friend bad been formerly engaged, ana to whom you had taken an unaccountable aversion?" M Perfectly. It was Captain Gresham." "And I tnink you said you had travelled there with him?1 "Yes, from London." " Can you recall any incidents of the jour ney?" I reflected. He continued : " Were there any other occupants of the railway car riage?" " Yes Two ladies—at least lor a part of the way. We all got in at Paddington. They got out somewhere, while I was asleep." Hi* eyebrows lifted just a trifle. " Do you often sleep in the train?" "N*>. But I did that day. I slept two hours." "Wai* Captain GreBham seated opposite to vou?" •'Yes." He was silent for a moment—then, "Now, reflect before you answer me j have you any reason to Fuspecfc that Captain Gresham hypnotised vou?" ' 1 started visibly. It a'.l flashed back on my memory—the peculiarly attractive eyes the extraordinary sensation of powerless* ness—and then my long deep slumber. I rotated it in detail. "That clears things considerably," con tinued the Professor. " I knew you had been under his influence somewhere." " Under his influence?" I cried. * But how—where?" Be twiiUWA u ii to chew Wi*w<U, •*tt IB a earl storv, dear young lady, anü * one I should never luve u-nliJud to you had I not feit (hat iL must' rest with you whether this man bo brought to justice or not." " For what? I do not understand you.w " For—murder!" I rose in great excilcment " Murder! Do you mean that it was—ht —who killed my friend ?" " Not actively, but by suggestion." And he quietly put me back in my chair. 1 was speechless. "Now listen. It is a well-known fact that under certain conditions the operator can suggest to his subject, in hypnotic sleep, ticts and thoughts which on awaking the subject proceeds to carry out And—now mark what I Bay—although tbfe hypnotised person may, on awaking, commit acts, even crimes that were suggested to biOn in his sleep, he will have no recollection of the suggestion having been made to him; and the only way to discover that such baneful influence has been at work is to re-hyp notise the subject by another operator» when, by careful questioning, all the former suggestions may be clicited." My wide-open eyes gazed at him with the intensity of one who is straining every faculty to comprehend an insoluble mystery. He proceeded. 41 From sundry words un consciously uttered by you in sleep, coupled with the information I already possessed, I had no hesitation in essaying this experi ment—with the result that every detail sug gested to you under the hypnotic influence of that cruel monster, for the cold-blooded murder of your friend, was revealed to me. Nothing remained but to discover the time and place of his acquiring that power over you." For some time I failed to grasp the sense of his words, fite explained it again slowly and patiently, and by decrees the enormity of the risk to which I had been exposed became clear to my bewildered brain. Even then it was with difficulty I could be per suaded of the certainty of my own guilt lessness. I was frozen with horror. I leaned for ward eagerly, with lips that almost refused their oflice. "U it true—quite true—what—yon—toll "I sweax it Calm yourself, my dear young lady. You had no hand in that aw ful crime." "Bui xny dream?" I whispered, fearfully. "Thank Qod it was o:.'y a dream." " By some inexplicable agency, his vile project miscarried. Your brain alone car ried out in sleep the deed he suggested to you to commit in reality." " But—who—who—? I could get no further. He repeated my question. "Who? Ah, that is just what one must find out. In your case he was unsuccessful. There must have been another." " Another 1" I echoed. " Certainly. He was evidently do novice. An expert hypnotist would easily select a subject. A passing flirtation«—the solitude of a tete-ä-tete—would give him the oppor tunity. I should say it would very ukely be some lady staying in the house." x shuddered. " When a man arrives at such a pitch, he has no compunction. He-will employ any tool that comes to his hand." My brain was gradually clearing. " But that poor creature—whoever it was —must be conscious of her guilt." "That is the strange part of it. It is 6 most extraordinary case, but I am inclined to the opinion that the person who com mitted that murder rose from her bed and did it in her sleep." "And has no remembrance of it?" I gasped. " None whatever." 1 felt sick and faint witfl mingled emotions. He went on. "Although totally ignorant of the in fluence inciting her, no wonmn, unhardened and unskilled in crime, could consciously commit murder with indifference. Besides, I have a great respect for your English police. Had any of the ghfests in that house —consciously, I repeat—done that fea^il deed, I have no hesitation in saying that concealment of his or her guilt would have been impossible." After a pause he continued "Listen to the facts of the case, at I gathered them from you. No one left the house, no one was found to have entered it. Not the shadow of a suspicion rested upon any of the servant*, and all the gentlemen were down stairs at the time of the murder. The poor lady had not an enemy in the world, save that man, and that enmity was guessed by no one, but yourself. Now what more likely than that this man should have chosen a subject to execute his brutal de signs—have by suggestion indicated the time,. circumstances, and even the instru ment of death, and also that his victim should do it—in her sleep?" By the light of events and my own ex perience I could see the plausibility of his reasoning. " And now," he concluded, M it iB in your hands to denounce the murderer." I started up with a loud cry./ " Never I Never will I bring remorse and guilt home to the poor soul, who before Ood is guiltless." "And the ends of justice?" he inquired quietly. " Justice!" I felt the blood surge op into my face, and my eres were blazing. " The real murderer is that vile man! I might, but for the merciful intervention of Provi dence, have had my hands stained with the blood of my friend And should I be the one to wreck the Jife of another woman as in nocent as myself, in order that be may get his deserts ?" The Professor was seated and had covered his face with his hands. I went on m% knees beside him. "Oh, my friend," I wailed, "you whose life is spoilt in the service of your fellow creatures, you who had such sympathy for the sick and the sorrowful» you who know the workings of the human heart and mind, as it is given to few to know, you could not urge me to bring upon a morally guilt less woman the life of hideous remorse and misery that I mystff have so narrowly escaped?" Then he uncovered, his face and took my clasped hands in his owjn.. "It was for you Nf decide, my child. I think you have chosen ttie right course. Let us leave it to One, of whom H is caid, ' Vengeance is mine.*" I did not go to Marienbad after all. For weeks I was prostrate from nervouB exhaus tion, consequent on the shock produced by the Professor's disclosures. 'And when once more, by his help and encouragement, I took up the burden of my life, it was with the consciousncss of carrying to my own grave the weighty secret which, had he not shared it, must have botrcd me to the ground. Two years later I was in Paris. Acci dentally meeting an American friend one day we went to lunch together at Bignon's. We were seated and discussing the menu, when a gentleman walked in, took the table next us, and sat dorn opposite to me. I raised my eyes as I ]*Ased the winecard to my companion, and met those of Captain, Grcsham. Ho changed almost pasi recognition. Iiis hair was white, his fea tares drawn and laggard. It was the face of a man weighed down by a deadly fear. But the eyes were fVe samp—soft., dark and luminous, with the 6ombre light in them I remembered so welt For a moment we fooked et each other, then he rose, and takitg his hat, passed out quickly into the street. My friena had been a spectator. " What a strange m.*n 1" she «claimed. " He has the face of a cifebinal. And you— my dear, why, you look i. if you had seen a ghost." And to this day that man, whose life I hold within my hand, walks God's earth free. And Vera Leicester's frith raiMi«* ft mptfij; 