By ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of "The Story of a Penitent Soul,'* "Jaeobi's Wife," "Roger Vanbrongh'a Wife," "The Great Mill-street Mystery," "A life Sentence," "Dr. Endieott'a Ex periment," "A Rogue's Daughter," "The Luck of the House," "Casper ISroakeis Daughter," "No Ambition," &c.;, .&&. [Published by special arrangement with-the author. MI rights reserved.], QHAiPTEfR XHCSIAiGfDAILtEiN-'S- GUEST. Mas felt it lis duty to protest. "Miss Lingard, you. know nothing of the . woman; she may be a very unsuitable per SOB to take into your 'house." _ . Magdialen only smiled. He remembered- the smile afterwards, and ?was puzzled by it. The red light of the lan tern 'had flashed- upon her face, and showed a curious look of mingled compassion, .amusement, even a little scorn. It said ".to him very plainly that Magdalen despised ' his prudent advice, and would have none of it. But perhaps this interpretation was not quite correct. He helped -to- lift tfhe insensible woman -.and' to carry her to the 'house.. Magdalen wenlt 'before 'the little procession, walking swiftly, in order to: make arrangements for the reception of her strange visitor. Mutlh preparaJtioni wa-s not necessary. There was always, a guest-chamber ready at the Priory, and the, guests jvere sometimes of the neediest. The men laid', therir burden down upon the bed and softly retired; Max lingered in the passage outside the. door until Mag dalen appeared. An old' nurse had taken charge of the sufferer, and Miss Lingard came out to give- further orders. "You will wanit. a d»^t»r. I 'liave my, dog-ear t here. Shall. L drive to Dr. Elli son's, and sen!d him up?" 'Mas asked. "If it is not troubling you too much." "'Not in the leasit. I: wall send Imn or bring :him myself as soon as I can.. I hope," Max hesita!ted a little as he spoke, "I hope that you will not repeat youi kindness." "I am sure I shall <n'oit. I fed inclined to 'thank you for coming to me for help," she. said earnestly. "And you will not think me rude-but-you will brinig the doctor as quickly as you can1, will you not?" "'I will. Good-night, Miss Lingard." He could not help smiling a little at hei impatience. She looked eager, anxious, yet younger and lonelier ?tihan he 'had yet seen her, perhaps because of 'the unwonted flush upon her cfheek, the light of a strange excitement in her eyes, the tremble of her parted lips. Max took that picture of her away with him ids he went out intc the night. He repeated to-himself ovei and. over again, that s!he was. eccentric, that lie did not like eccentric women, that he did no't like her. But what a sweet face she had! He could not get it out of !his mind; it haunted him like a ghost. He wished' that he could forget it. Dr. Ellison was.at home and gladly ac cepted Max's offer of a drive to the Priory. The doctor tried ,to extract in formation from his companion on the way, but Max had none to give. "You don't know wta> the woman; is?" "ISTo." "And Miss Iitigaardi.does not. know?" "I suppose not."' "I wonder if she ted any reason, for fak ing her in'to her 'own house," said the doc tor, more to himself tfhan to Max. "She ia not the woman to do things from ca price." '.* "You know her well?" asked 'Max, for getting his reserve. "I know her and admire 'her. 1 re verence her," said the doctor shortly and decidedly. "She is 'beyond' praise." The words garve Max a subtle pleasure; he could not have said why. - He meant to go Straight home after takirig 'the doctor to the Priory, but, yielding to an impulse which he himself thought unaccounltable, 'he offered to wait trnd drive the doctor 'home again when he ?had- seen his patient. And as Dr. Ellison agreed to -tihis Max left ithe dog-cart in the charge of a man at tfhe lodge (he had found .his way now to the front entrance), and bad entered the house with ihim. He was shown into the room where Miss Lingard usually sat. It was a plain, almost bare-looking room; there was matting on the floor; the only articles of furniture were book-cases, rush-bottomed chairs, and a writing-table. Here he stayed for some time-so long, in fact, that he grew rather weary of waiting and began to yawn. But at last footsteps were heard upon the stairs; the door was opened and Magdalen came in, followed 'by the doctor. Her face still wore the look of suffused brightness, almost of exultation, which had struck Max as so remarkable. She was flushed and her eyes were strangely bright; but her voice and manner were perfectly calm as she exchanged a few words with the doc tor and then turned to bid Max good-bye. Dr. Ellison had walked into the hall, looking for his hat; for one brief moment Miss Lingard was alone with Max. She gave 'him .her hand and spoke with a sweeter, frien'dlier look and tone than 'he had ever yet obtained from her. "You do not know what you -ihaverdaiie," she said, "but I thank you for it ail the same. I thank you with all my heart." He fancied that a slight moisture came -to t her beautiful eyes as she turned, sway. He could not reply; he was astonished; he was struck dumb. What had !he darresta deserve these almost .passionate words of tlhsrnks? Would she not iell Wm, some day, what she meant? Yes, one day she did tell him. Bufcthat day was still far off arid she~dxeamfejioCi of it yet. _ i'; She waited quietly'in the -hall" for a. lew}, minutes when the -two men were- gone, as if seeking to recover her composure before; returning to the -sick- room. The ligirfs; were out, the fire in the wide grate was; burning low; not a sound could ibe-ieardjs it seemed as if the old house were empty1 and desolate. Desolate indeed it- jhad.-o£ten^ seemed to Magdalen, but it did not seem.;, desolate- now. It was -filled with mSmorieSi' and hopes-memories >of those Whom she; had taken in and helped and comforted*; even as she ha'd taken in the homeless^wan derer for Whom Max had .asked her aid;' , hopes for manywiio-had gone bairik .to-their, work in the world, strengthened and1 cheered by 'her care for them and theira.: For this was the work of Magdaleo'sJiife,: which caused her to be called eccentrics by..: those who -knew her only by outside-re^' v port; iher house was always open; ifo tihe needy and suffering; she hadj made it in very trutih a "house of rest," &.ihaven:-.foE j those who were tempest-tossed, and hec-'j heart was-as open to ?the-weary an'd -sorrow^ j stricken as were 'her house and her- lands. 'But this new-comer was not like the; others. Of all whom she had helped there '. ,had not'been one connected'with_her by anytie bnt that-of common immanity. Bui' .this woman, thisoixtcast, this wanderer,, had uttered names -which Magdalen could-/' never hear unmoved. "Alice-Maskworth!"' -It was the name of Philip Esher's de serted wife-the mother of those children ; who were dear to Magdalen as her- own. kith and. km. Aird-she came, sire said, "to ' see Philip'-'-and would he remember her?-; What-did -it ail mean? Was it that Philip's" wife was -s tilLalive -and-that -she had cotme,.^ by a strange eoiircideirce^.to the very house'' where her children lived,. where-.there was ?one who would' 'love iter as. at -sister- and' nurse- her back to health and strength -arti; happiness? It was this conviction tQiai 3rad irradiat---' ed Magdalen's face, and made iher thank (Max Brendon for a® -thai he had done. Standing in the dim hall, where a feeble - flicker of light from lie expiring-'fire only,; now and -then struggled trough '-tihe-gloom, the -'brightness went out of 'Magdalen£s ex--' pression, the momentary triumph, from-her heart. After all, if it were true, what did it mean but greater sorrow, perhaps even;: greater disgrace than she had contemplat ed? Had Captain' Esher known' nothing ' of the fcnrth ail this time? Magdalen, , Shuddered as she reflected' tlhat there was notihing in ibis-past history .to give.iher any . comfidenee in that sense of honor, -that ' sense of duty, whicih- she anight have-counts ed on in some men. And, whether !he hadil known it or not, what had been tihis rpcmrr^ ?woman's history daring tihe last few years?--' Where was her sister-the stem w-omais w(bo had stopped- Phi-lip Esher's marriage'' with. Magdalen, .but who had also averred itihajt Alice, Ihis wife, was "dead? There was a; mystery sornewfhere; Magdalen'_ brooded over it with bent brow, and, hanging head as she ascended1 the ' stairs-that led to the spoor wanderer's room. A lamp was^borning, and- the fine was Haz' mgob^ghtiy, Jvit jaess^^hajjgbeent placed around1 'the. bed, so rthat the invalid's eyes Bngjht nob be dazzled with the light. . An old'woman in a close .white cap sat beside her/ This "was Bedky- Magdalen's former mnree and, faithful friend, who was always ready iwhen helpful-,- -work was to be done. The -woman:'was Hinder the influence of narcotics, (but (her .sleep was fitful, and un easy. (Magdalen sent, iihe old- nurse away, and took her place 'beside the- bed. There was light enough' for her to see distinctly the worn' and wasted features,.and. on these Magdalen: gazed in deep; anxiety, not un mixed with-fear. It had.ibeen a; pretty face; so much; was certain. ! The fair hair tossed wildly over f /the pillows had' once been bright and abun dant; the blue eyes, now closed, were still remaitable for their beauty. The features bore traces of illness and care, but they nvere delicately -cut: 1 She looked oldei than Alice Mackworth-Alice Esher couH reailly be; but the hardships of her life, might have impressed tihat look of age upon her face. . And as Magdalen looked and looked it seemed-to -her that she saw more and more-clearly a likeness to one of Philip's children-to little Daisy Esher, .whom she had- always fancied to be like her unknown mother. It. was Dolly who resembled Philip; Daisy, with her blue eyes, and: meek face and winning ways, twas dike somebody whom Magdalen fed never seen.. Was it the mother of these dhildren who Jay before -her now? [To be' continued from day to day till finished.] 