Sydney J r . fr'e oil Satul"' 1 ; .' & famous <, llart ten.lvmeiii<"" ief: v " /^Annie Mayor 1 fevjeetation ran jnil tl' e l 1 ' ,s " S e e O'Neil In the present announced to A® r| -* 1 e Rankin is a far as Sydney n disappointer. -eason 5 announced to ; = M'Kee :iv Sir Peter >T art was ••'! 1j >: George I to play Ingoii as to how "beefy" a nod by Harry and promising lie lacks weight and dignity; tion of the character is vague and [•'interpretation tentative and wanting icentral motive. Sometimes lie was enouftli as the barbarian ; at te enough as the lover. Plimmer's n?eons eHbrt on the part of so young 1 an effort—not an achievement. f some years since "Ingomar" was Win Sydney, and its revival was " 'nvithconsiderable interest. The Miction is entirely satisfactory. The lthe dressing, the scenery, are of the I®excellence. J.C. W> never does . i»'es, and he has a worthy lieu- [?• J* Uodinan. Acts I. and V. of we i au i ln the , liar ket-place of Knodern French city of Marseilles); •in a forest am! mountain landhn/r'T', The COl »bmation of sea El w r" 71 -"' 11 Peaks (the T™ 1^ Mediterranean beautv These. S Xi- T'', "f cl-er aSt i M ( HI. are laid m the Cevennes C i — i s the work of i,! Pfted son ot a gifted father. HtUfuV th . e ' ifalls and the J'J ting leaf and ilower, brand! Tl, , aitlstil ' '''-eation of a the (fp-oi discoursed music W T, u^ere 'l to ravel the coni grand march, entitled , at arrived ' ' f Aance O'Nei ^ that she "thl ® fo '' % are Un«: ^Js every, i 1 sow name Ave feel : interpretation , «uate. X s , there is no •-lisely original, unusual effects, 5 neverthe- :i l »t she strives ^rhap 'Mtniav l "--. 1;lKse l,1 , ber ayhe . --jected to her tender Grecian maiden ~]W " , £ t^!" 0 '" 0 ' "' MtC ' ^'"Sr goMen dreams, in th. di^wbS, Jted I r t ^ ' r ^ r ' "'" !»»• ff d ]^g f tlene s s'sul^iaieni;e;t^ E f the chief, Ingomar, is too well known to reaui?P recapitulation here. The R»ARL )F P° F/ 1 " E affordsan admirable opportn^ U/tle ^sta" to display her versatility ; for she has onlyln t concluded a great impersonation - that of Fedora as widely different from her present role as are the poles asunder ; and she seizes that opportunity with all her indubitable w. y " Sh e is graceful, forceful, passionate Where declamation is demanded, she rises splendidly to the occasion. She is natural with the insouciance of a pure nature She is grandly impressive in her scene with 1 olydor (James B. Atholwood) in the first act. In short, she is charming and picturesque, and carried the audience with her from start to finish. As I have said already, Harry Plimmer's Ingomar is a meritorious eff ort which nobly falls short of absolute achievement His stage presence is undeniable, but his voice is lacking in resonancy, and his stao-e walk is suggestive of the hall-room rather than of the open forest glade. Nevertheless he did excellent work. " Ingomar " must have been written by a " woman's-rightist." Parthenia's love for her baruarian chief climaxes in depriving him of his sword—a cruel wrong ! The Aleinanni are dressed and accoutred like genuine men of the " De- Bello- Gallicg^^nod—shaggy with the skins m.tliQ-chlEfee^ clanky with metal armWtst'M\m : feat-feoii/p ofjiair and heard. Of these iiien Alastor ^H&,rry Overton) is foreniost , .in mnvicing Qf&barism.; The Ainhiviar of !^jJlli$j$}Beriardl is also creditably -ruthless. Frank Phillip's, J W. Sweeney^ubioC^^and. -J.' H. ,Ifood are other AJeniaiNii, { natteid : ' respectively Trinob'antes, No'Vio-and'-'-'SSmo. "Ingomar" is essentially a two-character play, with a strong side-show for Polydor; and the Polydor of J. B. Atholwood is done full and artistic justice to. Joseph Came looks handsome as the Timarch of Massilia, hut he has nothing to properly employ his fine talents. As Actea, the wife of Myron, the armourer, Mrs. Henry Bracy performs satisfactorily the small amount of work demanded from the part. Miss Ricca Allen is Theano, a neighbour, and Barton Hill, the fisherman, Lykon. The citizens, Neocles, Aniyntas and Elphenor, are carried through triumphantly on the shoulders of L. Chesman, Frank Hawthorne and A. H. Tullett. The Herald was Miss Roy Bernard. " Ingomar " will last only six nights. "La Tosca" is to follow, and active preparation. Macbeth THAT wild, weird and wonderful play, " The Penalty of Crime," deceased to the satisfaction of a large circle of ill-wishers at the Criterion Theatre this day week. "Macbeth" made his weekly Friday address to the ghost of Banquo ; and on Saturday, 13th October, was staged " All for Gold." Everybody was glad to greet the Only Alfred back to the bill of the week, and people mostly felt sorry that George Buller, that genuine character actor, is still too ill to resume his work in the cast. In " All for Gold, or Fifty Millions of Money," Dampier has appeared with great credit in the small village of London, so excellent an authority as the critic of the " Daily Telegraph," of the world's metropolis, describing the actor-manager's Dagobert as an absolute masterpiece. It will be remembered that the two Misses Dampier are named respectively Lily and Rose ; and years ago, when these young ladies were lisping little dots, they played^Q parts bearing their own names in this particular^ play, in association with their father, of whom the London "Daily Telegraph" critic tvrote : 7 .. " Alfred Dampier's portrait of the soldifer^Dagobert, as brave as a lion, as faithful as a<Log, yet as simple as the children he so devotedly pro-; tects, is a Meissonier masterpiece for verisifm.li- * tude and detail." The play is founded on " LS Juif Errant," by Eugene Sue, although the wandering Israelite does not appear until the end of the last act, when he is seen in a state of apotheosis, amid the aurora boreal is and a g rou P of canvas icebergs. The episode taken from the novel just mentioned has been ably dramatised by Francis Hopkins, and is a capital, dashing, romantic and enthralling story. It would, however, have been better entitled " Dagobeit, a Soldier of the Empire." A mere glance at the scenic synopsis will show the picturesque! scope of the piece—The Caravan of Morok, the Beast Taint r, a room in the "White Falcon," a garret in the " White Falcon," apartment at the Rue Landry, a street in Paris, Dagobert's home, a room in the Rue St. Francois, a chamber in Carl's house, the bridge, the Devil's Craig, the " Bed Room " and the North Pole. It is now some five years ago since Dampier produced this piece at the Theatre Royal, Sydney, and it then scored a great success. The present revival went with a swing on Saturday night from the first lifting of the Rideau until the final fall thereof on the apotheosis of Le Juit Errant. There are strong situations m plenty, and the audience had its lust for excitement fed throughout the performance. All theatre-goers and novel-readers know the plot of Sue s great novel backwards, so no need here to go over old cinder-tracks. Alfredus Magnus, as we previously insinuated with gentle firmness,, played the part of Dagobert Baudin, a soldier of the Empire, tie had a tremendous reception upon making his re- appearance, and succeeded so well that th© audienceraised itself to a Commonwealth pitch of enthusiasm Alfredus Secundus, surnLned PAW In f Pf^ly Placed as the missionary, , L Abbe Gabriel, Particular approbation should be lavishly ladled out to Old Samuel (Edmund HoJknvay , in charge of £50,000,00;]—though he didn t look as if he held more than a thrum lor tile harmless but necessary " song-teever to Joseph Salvador, the moneylender (Fred 6 Appleton); to Carl, Morok's servant (John r orde); and to "\\\ ulffing, the Burgomaster of Mockern. J. Benson North, who is now installed as chief villain at the Criterion Theatre, essayed the part of Morok, the Lion Tamer— and I have seen him do worse ; I have also seen hnn do better; but Morok's eye is supposed to have a metallic brilliancy potent of keeping the world in the chains of mesmeric slavery, and this is a little too much to expect from an'actor who does not (probably) earn more than £300 per week by the exercise of his profession, rarmghea, the Hindo Strang]er, was successfully strangled by Herbert Forrest whenever opportunity occurred ; Monsieur Dumesnil, the notary, was done by W. Jamison; John Bruce gave a fine, manly performance of General Simon, a Marshal of France ; Fred. Benham and Percy Stewart played the parts of Captains Henri and Savari; G.Williams was the Jules de Montfort ; the apotheosised Wanderer of Israel was illuminated by General Simon John Bruce with approved good limelight; Frances Baudin, Dagobert's better-half, was done into stageland by MissBlanclie Clements; Ninette, a friend of the Dagobertian family, betrothed to Morok's servant Carl, received the patronage of Miss Appleton; lvaterina, who dosen't matter much nohow, was carried through by Miss Marie Bruce, and the two little babes in the cave, Lily and Rose Simon, all too early orphaned, were helped along their stony road by little Misses Ida Buller and Edna Seaton. The production was finely staged ; Fred Hardy tuned up heroically in the orchestra; and there was nothing the matter with the greasepaint. Hearty recalls followed the fall of the curtain on each act. Crowded houses may confidently be expected ; though, sad to say, that cheerful comedy, " East Lynne," is in active preparation, and threatens to turn on the hose of woe on the coming Saturday. " Richard III." is in rehearsal, and will be the next Shakespearian success. TAKE your Tivoli with zest, oh reader !—A little at a time, if you like; but take it often if you have any consideration for your health. The picturesque first-part is called Arcadia," though Coogee would be just as appropriate. Among many favourites who add to the gaiety of nations may particularly be mentioned Miss Neva Carr-Glynn, the popular young contralto, who made her re-appearance after a long absence. Will Whitburn, the man from Melbourne, has firmly established himself as a comedian of the very first water in the estimation of Sydney's public. Wallace King needs no bush. Miss Tillie Rochester, the Williams Sisters, Miss Eva Lee, Carleton and Sutton, Bob Bell, the Cambry Sisters, Arthur Crane and Miss Priscilla Verne are all received with manifestations of pleasure and varied volumes of applause. jlHISS MAUD GWYNNE, pas as I.adv Isabel in "The New East Lynne" at the Royal. Melbourne. _ Talma photo. The lion turn is of course supplied by Miss Annie May Abbott, the "Little Georgia Magnet." Grey-haired fathers of families, who are also churchwardens, would cheerfully give a tenner to know how they cannot lift 1081b. of the daintiest femininity imaginable—but they cannot, all the same ! It is positively amusing to watch burly athletes, with aggravatinglydeveloped biceps, creeping shamefacedly back to their seats after their bewildering bafflment by the little lady who, literally, turns and twists tfiem about with a mere touch of the finger To the sorrow of a whole cityfull, Dainty Irene Franklin has entered upon her last week. Her enjoyable items will soon no longer soothe tl e jaded heart of a would-be Federal capital. The Haytors continue to create exaggerated ripplement with their sketch, " Desperation," written expressly for the talented "three" by Mark Milford, the author of " Turned Up." They are assisted in this screamingly-funny concoction by Miss Noni Rickards. The Haytors are emphatically to the front also with an original burlesque cinematographe, parodying the Corbett-Fitzsimmons' combat; the shimmer of the film is capitally ravestied. Albert Whelan, the excellent mimic, Ferry, the "human frog" contortionist; and the Williams Sisters in their trick-cycling act, author, Journalist James Alexander Philp, lias left Sydney to take up the management of the commercial side of the " Brisbane Courier." lie was banqueted by his fellow-penmen on the eve of his departure last week. AT the Theatre Royal, Bland Holt's mammoth production of " New Babylon " will be staged for the last time to-morrow evening. On Saturday, 20th ^October, will be presented " The War of Wealth," by Sutton Vane and E. T. Dazey. This play has never been shown before in Sydney. It will run for six nights and wind up a season in every way satisfactory and successful. Part of the action of " The War of Wealth" is laid in Sydney. This fact should attract tremendous houses of theatre-goers whose interest in their city is greater than their interest in any mere play. TO-NIGHT Jones will cease to happen any more in Sydney. The season has been a daisy from every point of view. Jones has happened all the time, and we've seen him come in, and we'll see him go out, and we want to see him again somehow, if we have to postpone the Commonwealth celebrations to do it. The Rt. Rev. Charles Arnold, Bishop of Ballarat, is to be congratulated on a phenomenally successful season. " What Happened to Jones" is probably the funniest farce comedy ever seen anywhere, and " An Empty Stocking" is as dainty as biscuit china. Jones, Avitli his rollicking associates, goes on the roads with his celebrated hymn-book and playing-card lines. He leaves Sydney for Tasmania and New Zealand to-morrow morning. A HUMID handkerchief droops damply in this neighbourhood ! Fitzgerald Brothers' Circus concluded its season at the Benevolent Society's Grounds last Saturday ni^lit. Of course, the mighty spread of canvas enveloped a record crowd, and it goes without saying that the last performance for a season was highly appreciated. After, the final gaudy night, as Marc Antony would call it, in Sydney, the wonderful combination departed by special train for Melbourne to perform for a season in the Exhibition Building. THE Alexander-Young-Page combination intend a new series of the entertainments which have gradually grown into popularity with the Sydney public. Reciter F. M. Alexander is a clever and versatile elocutionist; R ibert Young is a humorous musical entertainer ; and Miss Edith Tasca-Page, Miss Annie Perry and Miss Mary Robinson are musicians of assorted talents. ! ' GENIAL advance-agent, Jack Campbell, acting for the Yaldares, is arranging for a country tour in N.S.W. towns, Newcastle, Maitland, Wallsend, Singleton, etc. The Valdares opened to a big house at the Brisbane Theatre Royal on Friday, Pith October. MR. CLIVE OHARA, Son of Dr. O'Hara, who is now performing successfully as .1 conjuror and illusionist ;it the Tivoli Theatre, Adelaide. Talma photo. MR. JOSEPH TflPLEY, Th popular tenor, who has returned to Australia under engagement to George Musgrove. ; Ellis & Walery, photo, London. 