IN THE DARKEST HOUR. '??- STOKrOF THE BOER WAR. IN THREE PARTS. PAttT III. I . Mrs. Norri« mniii'iied her story by I saying :— I ' On the morning of the birthday the I dogcart was sent to the station to meet I the earliest train ; and, if the young I - gentleman wasn't in tliaf, the groom was I to wait till he did corao. But the hours I |iiih9cd, and the company arrived, and I ttni- ti* M\\- TTmrof rtti lin/1 if\ rrn nut amfi I make excuses to the neighbours and I tenants, and hear the speeob.es. Still I Master Frank didn't come ; and I could I hear the people saying how odd it was; I and the master got right down angered. 1 ? However, we servants hoped as he would I come in time for the ball and make I things right ; bat be never came. I ' Well, bit by bit the eveniuR wore I through and the dancing gave over. I The company left, and, when all was I gone, I went into: the ball-room to shut I it up, and sec as all was safe and the I lights out. I had it all done, and just I my candle in my hand, when it came to I my mind as the shutters of the middle H window weren't barred, and I turned B back to see to it. Just then there was lj| a noise as of some one on t side it, apd I W. says to myself, ' There's Mr. Frank I' I |H can't tell how I knew ; but I did know. |H For one thing, he often came in that |K way, the window being low and opening | !|| to the ground. So I went forward, just Ife as he threw back the shutter, and there K$jjt he was ! ' Oh, Master Frank, my boy 1' J||| I cried; and just then, hearing the fSm noise, in comes the master I H ' Well, I can't tell you the scene there I'll was then. Master Frank told as how, lag fearing his father would find some way i% to stop his marriage, that very day, fi seeing he was one-and-twenty, and §p nothing could be said, he had gone and Kg married the young lady he had spoken «f -- of. It seems lie thought to Blip in and Wt bring her forward before all the company, jg: thinking his father, for shame's sake, W. wouldn't say a word. But there had »'? been a, heap of delays, and a train Ix. missed ; and, when they did arrive, it I v was so late, the house was dark and the ft company gone. So then he thought, if |'v-. he could get in unbeknown, he'd find if me, and get me to make his peace. And , ij there the young lady was standing K behind him — a poor, pretty, timid young [1 girl. Oh, but you looked like her the if' first night you came ; and often now you [| remind me of her 1 f E ' Maybe, if Master Frank's plan had |f succeeded, and the poor young thing *i had once been introduced as his wife, .v the master might hare made the best of it and cooled down, for shame's sake, before the company ; but now he was furious. He would hear nothing, right or wrong ; and, though I begged him on my knees to have them in, if only for that night, he swore that inBide his : house they never should set foot. Poor Master Frank! He had counted too iar on ms ramer s lore. ue turned white, and made an oath in his bitterness as he would never ask again for forgiven r ness, or seek his father's face. He just t /- put his arm about his pale trembling f young wife and turned away off into the '? . darkness. ? 'I tried to follow, but -the master wouldn't have it. * ' Let them go V says he. l I'll never see them more I' ? ' Poor man, he never did I He f repented after, when, before the year was '''?' \ out, they were both dead ; and he tried hard to trace their little child. I think her people kept the baby away for pride, i . for lie could never find it.' i 'Did you never know more about her?1 ; I ask. ' Who was she f ', 'A Miss Hartley, from Farmcrof t in ; Yorkshire.' \- ; — ' Farmcrof t!' I exclaim. 'My people -* ; come from there j and Hartley was my _ : : aunt's maiden name. But it is so -,; : common in that part.' t-f) . 'Very like,' says the off woman, ffi regarding my face with attention ; ' still .''? j: it wouldn't be strange now if you teas a Hi cousin of some sort. I never saw the Hj poor young lady but th£t once ; but you ?{ ' did remind me of her strangely as you ''} stood at the door that first night you :-.f came.' \ ♦***#. ;' Mrs. Norris does not leave me till I i am in bed and have given her my I promise to sleep like a good child. \ I have every intention of keeping my r WAlvi ?? tint of firaf Tin nvflfinao will win oblivion. I have had a headache all day. The night is hot. I am feverish and excited by the news I have received of Frank, an excitement which Mrs. Norris 'p tale has temporarily diverted, but not dispelled. On the contrary, my imagination has been roused; and, as, after weary tossing, drowsiness at last steals over me, the Frank of her story and my husband get mixed, up together in feverish half -waking dreams. The picture downstairs comes baolt to my mind. ™ Like Frank after some bad ' illness.' It must be like him now then. His father was cruel to him — Mr. Eyreton that is — would he be good to Frank when he comes home ? Will he come ? It is a week since he was wounded at Mafeking. If he were alive he would write. .. ? Then comes uneasy slumber, and with it come horrible dreams— Frank lying dead, and I kept away from my last sight of him by Mr. Eyreton ; Frank abive, but wounded and in pain, trying to crawl to me, while some invisible barrier keeps us apart; Prank, im prisoned by his undo in the, desolate rooih~beloiv— no— not Frank— the pale faced image of-my busband. The door is locked ; JUr. Eyreton never enters it. Frank does not come to -me 1 I awake, terrified and bewildered; Dreams and reality are so entangled in my confused brain (hat I cannot separate them. Tainly I strive to reason away my vague-Tears- If Frank ware in the room below, I must hare seen him the last time I was down there. . It was only that dreadful picture. Well, I will go ftndsee. ' . Half ashamed of this foolish impulse, whiyh nevertheless I am constrained in some gtranue fashion to obey, I rise and throw on some clothes. As I am about to leave the room, I remember the child. Some evil may happen to him while I am gone, suggests an excited brain. He may awake frightened, says struggling reason. Snatching up a thick . shawl, I wrap it round him and take him in my arms. The little fellow wakes, and I hush his wondering cry. Satisfied that he is with me, he obeys my injunction to be silent, and nestles down in my arms. The moonlight makes the corridor/ as light as day. Cautiously I pass along it and descend the wide low- stepped stair case. I have forgotten to bring a light, but it is not needed. We traverse the hall^and pause before the door of the old drawing-room. The handle is stiff, and a slight difficulty in turning it rouses me from my state of semi-somnambulism. For one moment the utter folly of my errand overwhelms me. What idiotic fancy brought me prowling down to the hall in the small hours of the night, dragging my baby from his warm bed to wander along draughty passages ? But here L am ; and, being here, I will enter the room, look round, and quiet once and for ever my excited fancy, then go sensibly back to bed. Turning the handle, I pass the threshold and stand just inside the open door. Though knowing the room to be un obstructed by furniture, I hesitate to advance. An unreasoning dread of ' the dark' is constitutional with some persons. I have been subject. to it from a child, and, though the moon shines in through the door from the hall, hor rays scarcely light the great empty room. There is a dim unbearable twilight. See that picture I must before I retrace my steps ; therefore I stand irresolute, lamenting my stupidity in not bringing either lamp or candle. I can distinguish the picture's position, for the moonbeams have marked out the tarnished frame with a line of light. Suddenly, as I gaze, the line widens, widens, slowly till the whole frame stands out against the dark wall. Turn ing with an involuntary shud-ier of fear to discover the cause of this phenomenon, I see that the shutters of the window which I opened on my first visit to the room are slowly moving back. ' The wind — nothingmore. Be brave !' I whisner to mv hfintinc heart. The moment they are noiselessly pushed farther apart ; and there, in the open window, with only the low half door between us, stands the figure of the picture — the white face, with its strange dreadful likeness to my husband, the blue cloak thrown round one (shoulder — ally all the sainej My heart stops beating, the darkness seems closing round me. My little Frank, whose innocent heart knows nothing of spiritual terrors, sees the likeness, and, stretching out his arms, calls — 'Papa, papa:' I clutch him tightly to my breast, turn, try to fly, and sink down in a swoon. ***** 'When I come to myself, lam lying on the bed in my own room. The night light burns steadily on the dressing table; little Frank lies sleeping in his cot. Gradually the horrors through which I have passed recur to my mind. Were they indeed but a bad dream ? Am I even yet awake ? Asking myself this question, I try to rise in bed in order to look round the room and assure myself that all is real. To my surprise, I am unable to more; my strength has vanished. 'It is certainly a dream,' says I mentally. ' Such helpless feelings are common in dreams.' I fall asleep again almost immedia tely, and when next I open my eyes it is broad day. I lie quiet for some time, with not even the wish to move as the incidents of the preceding night pass before my mind. It was but a dieam, of course ; but how distinct, how vivid I And, oven if but a dream, «rhat may not its portent be? Did tfiat pictured semblance of my husband descend from its frame to warn me of Frank's fate ? My' child called to it, stretched out his little arms to leave me. Will he too be summoaed to join his father in the land ot spirits P Is there indeed a blight on all who bear the name of Francis EyretonP Strange to say, I think all this out quite calmly. It stirs no feeling in me of sorrow or of. fear. I seem to have lost energy even for grief. , At last I notice that the child is not in his cot. It must be late. Uoubtless Mrs. Norris hns dressed him and taken him out. I try to rise, and fail as before. What is this weakness t I must not and will not give way. A desperate effort raises me to a sitting posture, and, in rising, something catches my eye. Over a chair, half hidden by the curtains of the bed, lies a blue cloak, such a man's cloak as is' portrayed in the picture below and figured in my dream last night. A sudden courage nerves my weak ness. I will know the truth of all this. With trembling hand outstretched I touch it. It is no garment of fantasy, but solid blue cloth ; and, as 1 examine it further, I notice buttons the device of which is not unfamiliar to me. Surely no ghost would adorn its raiment with the crest of my husband's regiment 1 As I stare in'* wonder at the. well-known ' sicn, a slight noisoattracts my attention. Who is this rising from the fireside chair and stepping forward towards me? The face is pale indeed, and one arm is resting in a sling ; but, even as my senses fail, the face bent over me with such a look of tenderness, the loving wellremem bered voice, tell all. No ghost, no spirit from another world, could have .so real a presence. Oh, Frank, my own Frank I * * ♦ # ? Yes, it is all true ; he is here. Days have passed, and we have fully discussed our. stories. They all make a great fuss over me, and treat me as an invalid , but my strength is returning very fast, though they tell me there were two long days between the night that Frank found me swooning in the old drawing-room and the morning when I woke to recognise his old Lancer oloak lying at the foot of my bed. He and I have had much to tell each dther. My story has been given, and his may be told shortly. He was wounded at the siege of Mafeking, and lay ill in the hospital for days and weeks, too ill to hear or know anything. When he began to recover, and' reflected how long I had been without news, he was frightened at the thought of my anxiety, snd longed to scrawl, if it were out one line ; and be did make a left-handed attempt, but I sup poBe there was some mistake, for I never received it. Then cstne tidings thnt he was to be invalided home— joyful news in oneway, but saddened by the doubt as to his wounds ever allowing htm to serve again. He travelled day and night to join me. My letters having always been cheorful, be knew nothing of the peculiarities of my Hfo at tbe Court, and oarae straight on the night he arrived in England, never-heediug the lateness of the hour till he arrived at the Sloughbury Station and found it im possible to procure a conveyance. Ho walked, lost his way, and reached the bouso quite tireti out, to find all dark and no sign of life or wakefuluesa. Hoping to Bee a light in some servant's room, he went round to the other sido of the house, climbed the low pleasure-ground wall, and they saw that one of tho windows of the old drawing-room was open and the shutters ajar. (It must have been the window I opened myself on the' day of my exploration and forgot to close. Luokr. for us tliat tramps and burglars are no rare in Slough bury I) Ho determined to try whether ho could not get in and spend the night in some arni-ohair, or even on the floor, wrapped in his cloak. As he pushed open the shutter he saw little Frank and me standing in the moon light, and heard the baby voioe call to him. Ah, my baby's innocence, that feared neither ghost nor goblin, was quicker to greet him than all my anxious love ! As I fell, Frank sprang in and tried to raise mo with the arm he had free ; and, aB he was bending over me, the door creaked, and, looking up, he saw old Mr. Eyreton, who had roused by the noise of my fall, and had come to discover the cause. Frank says that tbe old man suddenly started back. I think ho must have taken us for tbe ghosts of his lost eon and tbe young wife he had so cruelly turned away in that very room so many years before. But little Frank burst out crying and ran up tb him, and then began to pull him towards me; and the sight of the child and the touch of the little hands seemed to rouse him and make him comprehend all. He threw himself down beside me, and cried to me to wake, to lire, and. let him make atonement for his cruel wrong to tbe dead. Frank was much mystified, and did not know how to end tbe ecene. He could not lift me without help, and old Mr. Byreton seemed quite incapable of rendering any. At laet Mrs. Norris, who xoally has been a good genius to me in some ways, was alarmed by the noise, and hastened to tbe room. Once her first astonishment was over, she proved a most efficient help, and I was oarried to my bed. The next day Frank and Mr. JEyreton had a long talk and explanation, which resulted in inquiries being set on foot about my relatives. This morning I was thought sufficiently strong to be made acquainted with their issue. Wonderful ! I can. scarcely believe it ! Is it possible that I — tbe little unknown girl whose obscure parentage has been the scorn of Frank's own people — is it possible that I am Mr. Eyreton's granddaughter, the child of his unhappy aon ? .Mrs. NorriB has told me of the father's tardy repentance and unavailing effort to trace the little orphan. I know that my likeness to the poor young wife has often struck her, as well as Mr. Eyreton. ~1 know that from my earliest years I have been brought up nnder an asBumed name, and that no questions of mine ever availed to diBpel the cloud of mystery that hung over my parentage. It seems that Mr. Eyreton has Buspected the truth since the day that he met me in the hall below, and asked me about my relatives. Some scruple of feeling always stayed him from entering on the subject with me ; but the conversation with Frank — who knows as much or as little of my people as I do myself —gave him the clue to the mystery and supplied the link that has always failed him in the chain of his researches. It ia quite proved ; and I, who entered this house with fear and trembling, now find myself its cherished mistress. And my grandfather? He is quite changed. His love for me was born ont of pity for my sorrows and loneliness even before he suspected my identity ; now it knows no bounds. His old fancy for Bolitude and seclusion is gone ; he is not happy save with me and my child. We are all to leave the Court for a ehort time, and give it over to the hands of renovators under Mrs. Morris's superintendence. All the plans are brought to me and Frank, and we have long consultations with my dear grandfather over the improvements. When all is settled and put in train, we shall go abroad till the repairs and altera tions are finished ; and, on our return, Mr. Eyreton talks of Frank leaving the Army, and our settling here with bini. I do not know how that will be ; but Frank's Wound, though going on most satisfactorily, may not allow of his return to aotive service, and I cannot bsar to think of bur being parted again. But, however suoh plans may turn out, I think that here ? amongst all this happiness for the present and bright hope for the future I may well end this record of what will, I trust, prove to have been the darkest page in my life. Frank says he was quite right about my 'mission;' but I say it was the laddie's doing, not mine, for 'grandfather' took to him first. More — Frank's own people are ' coming round ' by degrees. No doubt it was through the war break ing out in- South Africa that grandfather, granddaughter, great-grandson, uncle and nephew were brought together to love and cherish one another. Truly, it is an ill wind that blows nobody any good. Thb End. 