. " BOXING. The boxing season in Great Britain gives promise of sport quite up to the average, despite the fact that v.-e are stilt a long way behind our cousins across the Atlantic as regards class and ability. Heavy weights like Jeffries, Fitzsimmons, .Corbett, Ruhlln, Sharkey, M'Coy, and even Mailer and Chovnski. have yet to be found on this side, writes the "Daily Telegraph," while we have no middle weight who would stand a ghost of a chance with tlie accomplished .and skilful Byan, nor a feather capable oLmaking anything of a show with that remarkable youth Terence M'Govcrn. And yet this quite unaccountable loss of form by British boxers generally will lessen in no 1 degree the interest taken in their doings during tlie coming winter n nd spring. That a Jeffries or a Fitzsimmons would be a great' draw at bead quarters goes with out saying, but, at the same time, it is as well to bear in mind that frequently one sees a better battle for a £10 purse than what is given by men contesting fer 60 times (lie amount Jeffries, Fitz simmons, Corbctt, Sharkey and M'Coy have all visited England, but, with tlie exception of the lastnaineil, none have taken part here in the seri ous business of the ring. .. . . , Filzsimmons, although quite the veteran of the party, is a man of tlie hour, a boxer with a really remarkable record. Although weU in his 30th year, he could to-day find backing against any pugilist in the world. Beaten in June of last rear by the gigantic Jeffries, to whom lie was conceding over 3 st. in weight, Fitzsimmons, when everyone thought he had retired from the profes sion for good, returned to his old love this year, unil defeated in the most decisive manner the herculean Shurkey, and the lutter's conqueror, the gigantic German, Gus Kuhlin. In these matches tlie tall, sincwv farrier from Cornwall displayed phenomenal hitting powers and vitality for a man his age, and what the great Mace. was with bare lists at 39, Fitzsimmons appears to be with the SlAnothcr man, James I. Corbett, has, like Fitz simmons, returned to the ring .with success. Cor bett is at the time of writing in England— in fact, in London. No better proof of the ignorance of the American sporting man as regards properly constituted clubs could he had than afforded by tlio wild statement inmlc the other day by Cor bett to tlio effect thnt lie had an idea of purchas ing tlie National Sporting, and of running it on Yankee lines. Tlio so-called clubs in tlie States are little else than barns, wooden structures with lio membership.', opened only on light nights, and resembling the N.S.C. about as much as does sliut- un olympia! Itelurning home from his first visit to Englund some Ave years back, Corbett, upset by what he considered to. be a slight, was made to say that he would not fight at the National if Windsor Castle were thrown in as a prize. Cor-, bett may have much money, but, all, tile same, lie stands quite as good a chance of getting Wind sor. Castle as lie does of. securing tlie N.S.C. 