?''? A Bunch of Yerse. On a Headland at flanly. The night is fresh ; clouds scud along the sky, Blessed by the clear, benign, and mild moon : Here on the headland grass we idly lie, Taking with peaceful heart* this priceless boon, This gift, this vision beautiful and tree — ?Moon- lighted space spread o'er moon-lighted sea. . Sometimes the smiling moon's bright face is dimmed ' . By shreds of hurrying vapour ; and brown ' hues Darken the nebulous fieeoos, aureole-rimmed, And also with faint rainbow-tints im brued : Thus beauty, veiled in sorrow, oft appears Lovelier through mournful mists of tears. ?GIoriouB this vision ! How the waves re joice, Running in moonlight under, the blithe breeze ! ? And- ceaselessly the rolling ooean's voice Vibrates and fills the night with ecsta cios. Nimbly the moon's rays dance upon the deep, Save when, athwart her disc, dun vapours creep, A ship is in the oiling : Like a soul, White and transfigured with Love's rays intense, And moving sweetly to its destined goal To claim its never-ending recompense, ' Seemeth this ghost « like and mysterious barque, Threading afar the moon-enchanted dark. Repose and affluent beauty prosper, night ' Sits on her throne, and smiles on sea and land. In all her glistering jewels she is dight ; She holds the moon in her lurial hand. Titanio notes from the deep throated sea Honour her sweet and solemn sovereignty. In the dark, swaying pines along the height, The viewless winds, like lonely harpers, Helping the ocean's piuan to the night, To the vast night that habh engulfed the day. But hark ! The luoent moon is buried deep In smoke-like vapour, which doth gently weop. Yes, weep ; the little raindrops touch my faoo j And soon the' dim sea-surfaoe ehowofch sign That it is touched by water-drops, whioh chase Baoh other as they hurry to the brine. 'The water's face is sombre : It would seem That the great sea had dreamt a dismal dream, , Once more the orb of night shines out ; the rain - Hath ceased ; dark vapours now no longer lour, 'Shower and darkness were like tears and piin . . , Whioh know not time—a minute or an hour. * ' ^Farewell, bright scone- ; bright sky and sea so sweet -? ' My heart your light and musio still repeat, 3; B, S, Hmnhmm, 