M.P.'S AND BGE51S. THE'ALLEGED* TREASON’A11L13LETTERS. LAnOUCHERE'S ADVICE TO THE BOBUS, DU. CD A JIK'S COUNSEL TO KRUGER. VSEIZE THIS PASSES.” The correspondence found at Pretoria, which it was promised should be made public, was issued on Thursday ar/ » Parliamentary paper. Among Jt» contends is a letter from a Mrs. Solly, of XewlawJfs, to the Rev. D. Roas, of Ladyigrcy, quoting a rcqwr.t from Mi* J. K. 121Mb, M.P., for “a stream of facta concerning suppresHbn of telegrams, opening of letters, I arbitrary arrests, unfair trial, unjusllftablfi prison treatment, interference with free speech I at meetings.” The letter Is dated, f>th June | There are also two communion Hans from I)r. I Clark, M.P. ‘Writing to President Krugtr on i 20th September, 1899, the member for Cr.lth j ness reported: “We have had a number of nieet | lugs since I wrote to you, held in various part# I of the country, to explain matters tio our people, and urging apeaceful arrangement, and I think on the whole there lias been a decided growth in that direction." Further on he anyti: “It might strengthen you in this struggle if you were to seize all tlio passes in order to defends yourselves against attuclc, but if you were ttr do thla I am afraid it would have a bad effect morally In this country." Referring.to Mr W T. Stead's advocacy of the Boer cause. Dr. Clark says: “Ho is only one of many hero wbc are convinced that justice Is being denied to you and your people, and who will contlnuo to work for what they believe to be the cause ot A letter from Dr. Clark to General Joubert is of a similar sLrain, expressing the belief that ! war was certain. LABOUCHERE AND “JOE." j Mr liabouchere publishes in “Truth" letters 1 from himself to Mr Montague White, copies of which were discovered among the State papers at Pretoria after- Lord Roberts's capture of I the Transvaal capital, together .with a letter of his correspondent addressed to Mr Ilf fig. Mr Chamberlain's inqufiy mid Mr Lahouehere’s re ply. t<? the Colonial Secretary nro also given. Tho .subject, of the correspondence was the proposal of' Rio JjIrtish Government that the Tranevaai should agree to a Joint InvcKtlgatJo)? ns to whether tbe Franchise Bill laid befow tho Raad oil ^tli J*uly of last year, would glvtr immediate and substantial representation to the Ull landers. WHAT WHITE RECOMMENDED. -Writing to Uio‘..TranBvaal Stale Secretary on 4th August, 1&99,’Mr White begius by oxprecs ing bis inclination to “wire to you, asking you to toll the British Government to go to tho devil and do their ‘darndrst/ " However, he goes on to declare that 'our friends. . . ore dead against our refusing it." Finally, Mr White quotes words which lu» says were used' to him by Mr Labouchcre that morning: "Don't, for goodness’ sake, let Mr Ivruger make his first mistake by refusing this; a little skilful man agement, and he will give Master Joe another full. You are such past masters iu the art Sr gaining time. . . and you ought to spin out the negotiations for quite two or three months," TO LET JOE CLIMB DOWN. Mr Laboucherq'a own- contributions to tho correspondence consist of two letters to Mr White, dated respectively 2nd August and 4th AuguGt, 1899.' In the first ho urges tho accep ancc of tho British proposal, adding, “Banner man and all our Front Bonch bolicyc that it ia~ only a way devised bv the Cabinet to let Joa elixnb down." After declaring that "the Pre sident has a great opportunity to give Joo another fall." lie concludes with thceo words, “The great thing is to gain time-. In a few months we shall bo howling about something in another part of tho world." A SOUTH AFRICAN AFFAIR. 1 The second letter refers to a debate in Par- - llament, and begins, “It la tho general opinion, that Chamberlain 'climbed down.’ It la sug gested that the difficulty that tho Commission would bo "a sort of recognition of our fight to raeddlo” might bo surmounted "by gattlng Schreiner into it, and making it a sort of South. African affair," and by Insistence cm “arbitnt tion on all matters affecting the true readme of the Convention." Mr Labouchere1 ohds his letter us follows:— “I accentuated Bauneroian's declaration about hostilities; this pledges the Liberal party against war." TO ESTABLISH FRIENDLY RELATIONS. Tho communication of the member for North ampton to Mr Chamberlain is cxceedingly lcngthy, and In it,ho claims that his only wiah was to Hrmly establish friendly relations bet ween Great Britain and the South African Rot public "by a full recognition of the Convention, of, 1884, as. explained by Lord Derby. . * and by reasonable concessions on tho part of the Transvaal Government." ’ Mr Chamberlain is asked to raakp the public the private letters"" which liavo passed between him and tho Gover nors of Natal and Cape Colony, the despatches exchanged by those Governors and tho military commanders In South Africa, and tho docu ments which.nro known os tho “Ilawkeley cor-* respondent.’’ SIR J. H. DE VILLIERS'S ADVICE. The letters from Sir J. H. do Villiera, Cbkff Justice of Capo Colony, to Prosldent. Steyo, Mr Fischct-, and Mr M, do VilliersWe full of good advlco to'the Doern, Writing to Mr Melius de Villen? on, July 31, 1899, the Chief Justice said: “From an intimate acquaintance with wind, was going on, I foresaw three months ago that ,lf President Kruger did not voluntarily yield ho would bo made to do so. or else be prepared to moot.tho whole power of England. I accord | ingiy begged of Kruger's friends to put the matter to him in this way: On tho one side tliero 18 war with England, on tho other etfl^ there aro concessions which will avoid war or occupation of tho country. Now decide at once how far you will ultimately go; adopt the five years’ English franchise—offer it vo luntarily to the UIt!andero—make them yoor friendB, be a far-sighted statesman, and you will have a majority of tho Uitlandera with you when thoy become burghers. Tho answer I got v/as: Wo have done too much already, aiui cannot do more. Yet afterwards they did &. great ‘deal more. Tho same policy of' 1 doing nothing’ except under pressuro Is till being: pursued. The longer the delay tho more they will bavo to yield* I see that CHAMBERLAIN AGAIN HOLDS. OUT AN OLIVE BRANCH. by proposing a joint inquiry into tho Fran chise Bill. If tho President ia wise, he wil even cow at the eleventh hour show a conciliatory spirit, and If he cannot prevent a partial loos of independence, he.will at nil events prevent a total loss. If he appoints irreconcllablos on the^ Commission,: and does tho -wholo thing in a haggling Bplrit,,no good will come out of the inquiry. ‘ I have never been able to understand, why Kruger never attempted to Utto the Ult- , landors into Ms confidence. He has always kept them at’arm's length, with the result that he. has entirely alienated them. . . , Why should bb hot'appoint a3 one of nla nominee* a Ultlander of position, whose Integrity and Judgment ho has conildtnco in, If nono such exists, it would only bo a proof of bis want of tact and statesmanship in not rallying such ;people tb his aide." ' DR.CLARK FLED. , Dr.XIa.Wcu.was to address a meeting at Haf hlrk, Caithness. Long before tho hour a great 'aBsomblasarnwaitoU his arrival, and spent tb® time of .waiting in Hinging patriotic aouga and • in horsepUy/1;:; r 'r\ When tlie doctor’s most prominent supporter arrived; instantly thero was a shower of xottea egg3 and ochre, before which , he fled. About twenty minutes after th° hour.ormeet ing the doctor came Into tho school, and the up^ roar became Tory groat. Ho attempted to fac^ the qudicnce, aimply staring at them. . . - After walttiis for a eecond or. two, uttering a jvord.' he (led. pursued by a howling orowd. Ho took rerugo- ln tho Ulster Hotel, which for houro was surrounded by tho crowd who- doroaudod that Dr Olark should be put, According to the London *'Dmb*. News?* “those who have a fancy for occupying: houses witlra story attached to them may like to malm u hid for the boUd- tuqktng mansion which the third, Napoleon occu pied during a portion of his residence In London, situated in King street, St. James's. It will, soon ho ‘going.' as the. auctioneers say. Wo cannot behove that the ’French 'Emperor was ever regarded, as a hero, unless, it was by his valet, bu,t nsv every Cockney knowu, there la a memo rial plate .on. tho waIVto iceep his memory green. At all events, this piece of pot tery authenticates the interesting domes tic fact that, this was once the home' ot the Man of DeBtiny; and a person of de cent Imagination will readily associate, the hatching of plots and the reception ot furtive,, and,, perhaps, r'athor seedy con spirators in any of thhanavtmonts. There' ■lare worse Introductions to Society than ft V house an Emperor once lived in, It Sift1 * even hotter,thatt an iirtatoorat:,^ ghost,’'; ' 