The Lancer's Dream The fight was done, the soldiers slept upon the kopje's height, The watery moon behind dark clouds gave out a sickly light: The jackals' howl across the veldt was heard at intervals, And growling stalked the lion gaunt around the empty kraals. The stubborn Boer behind his gun blinked like the cunning fox, An>i closer crouched behind his shield, the friendly boulder rocks. The tethered steeds li&e; misty ghosts stood patient one and all; And a solemn silence wrapped the camp lifee some dread funeral pall. The battle lasted till 'twas dar/c, the unburied were, And many a groan and gasping cry came from the wounded there; For pain and thirst and suffering fceen were now the spldiers' part. And many a sigh and prayer went up afe sanfcthe dauntless heart. And 'mong the keenest sufferers (here was one from Gedar Vale By Wybong Creefc, from Blue Glum Flat. he recently did hail; A boy he was yet in his teens, with smoth and beardless face- But in hia veins was martial blood, lie came of a fighting race. The morn had seen his fearless arm strifce down full many a Boer, The niBty eve now finds him low from wounds and suffering sore: For his lance was foremost in the flight, no foemen did he fear, He charged where thicfcear were the Boere—he charged with ringing cheer. ' But now he ' Bleeps—the sleep of Death—and dreams of Wybong hills, Of mountain slopes and waterfalls— sweet childhood^ laughing rills, Of the paddoc/c green where he was wont to rouncFiithe milkers up, And o'en the dial t'-blind cattle dog and staggering yelping pup. He sees the hbuse where ' he was born, the Itocfryard that stood n m ' i S h ' i ''' Thfe stable built of stringy barfc, the bro/cen-down old stye; The tall gumjtree of naked trunk, ' the wattle's yellow bloom, The spot wheVe\ mocked the lyre 'bird beneath ~*the mountain's gloom. ^ He thought he- saw his mother stand within the cottage door, The very chickens pick the crumbs from off the kitchen floor;' His sister Tcss and he romped out and D B E pliiypd among the trees, And shrieking ran into the scrub to 'void the honey bees. And then he murmured lmlf aloud, as fierce lie tried to rise, " Where is she cowarS base and low that from the Dutchman flics £ Up boys, and charge agxin !" he cried, ,t\vas with his latest breath, The misty clouds around the kops wept for the Lunce'rs death. ARTHUR FISRHES. ;t Italia," Raymond Terrace. A Suggestion.—'What do you suppose causes nightmares V I thiuk it must be the unstable thoughts that go teeming through the brain.' Measured.—'You siy he is a man of considerable depth ?' About six feet two inches, measuring down from the top of his head.' Mildred: ' I wouldn't marry the best man in the world!' Mr. Suitor : 'There is no danger. The bride never gets the best man.' Often So.—'What is investigation. Un^le Jim V ' Investigation ? Why, it is huntirtg up a lot of blame and fixing it on somebody else.' A sure sign.—She; 'How do you know that I can make you happy ?' He : 'Because you make me so miserable.' A Difference.—He : ' Have you ever run into anybody !' She: ' Oh, no! but several persons have been rude enough to walk into my bicycle without even apologising.' 