Was It Welby? COUPLETS IN THIS ISSUE . by MAGGIE SYMINGTON, Author- of -"Dr. Rao, Specialist," &c.;, -&o.; COPYKta-rr. CHAPTER I. No Man's Land. HEN Jack Welby asked me down to their place in the limb holiday tiino 1 had had in England since I entered the Indo- , European T e Ie- ' graph Company's service, I did not mean to drift into a s e m i-engage- m'ent with his sister, neverthe less this was the \M> shot of my Visit. Jack and I were old-time cliums; our .'friendship dated from the days when we were at old Dyinoekc's Academy together, .and he, a delicate, sensitive little chap, hail depended upon me to fight liis battles for him. Aftor Dymooke's our paths separated widely; he went to public school and col lege, I had to begin at once to support my self. Burdened with many olive branches, the dear old governor, even with the best will in the world, could not give to any of his .-sons more than a start in life. After some years, chance, or fate, brought me across Jack Welby once more. The delicate boy had grown int-o a delicate man, but ho wus as lovable as ever, and my heart went out to him in fuller measure oven than of old. The renewal of our boyhood's friend ship was a joy to both of us. We met in town, and then Jack urged me to go down with liim into the country anil be introduced to his family. There I found an exquisitely pretty, feminine edition of himself, and suc cumbed accordingly. This brought the one perfect holiday of my life to a close; for Equirc Welby refused to sanction any en gagement between me and Rose, on the ecors of her extreme youth, although I know that the smallness of iny salaiy was a greater bar still. Her yours would increase, but there was small prospect of my income keep- ring piace. Jack wrung my hand. "Ted, old boy, there's nobody I would so gladly welcome os a brother, but it won't do ; Rose is not made to endure hardship, and she is such a child, too." " No, it won't do," I said, slowly, " or at least, not for years. My position may not always be what it is now." " But you will not bind her to any engage ment?" "No; I will take my chance when the time comes." But Rose declared "I will never, never marry anyone else. If you do not come back, I will die an old maid." Just at that time an appointment was of- fered me. Arriving so apropos, and being of a nature to carry me far away from Rose, I have always suspected Squire Welby, or Jack, of baviug had a hand in it. It was : quite in accordance with my tastes at the time, and 1 sent an instant acceptance. Shortly after, I left England to take charge of the Telegraph Station at Ormaraj 1 Bcloochistan. MTMHHM I MWI1WAMM— I—— — I Ormara is sAtiated in the wild and savage Mekran Hills, which extend some distance into the Arabian Sea, forming a hammer- headed prohiontory of hold and precipitous cliffs. It is a piluce of which it may truly bo said that it- is a " waste land whither no man comes or hath come since tho making of the world." Nevertheless the wierd lone liness of the situation, its desolate and uii- cultivated aspect, were so consonant with my feeings when I thought of those vanished summer days and of the witchery which hud made llicm so bright, that I conceived a gloomy delight in tho savagery of its op-, pearauce. Ormara, .the little settlement In which I,' and four or five others, were the only Eng lish, and indeed the only European residents, lies within the promontory, almost hidden from sight iu one of its angles The Telegraph Station crowns the summit of a hill just above the village, with the boundless ocean on one side, and the almost illimitable waste of mountain-land on the other. Here for many a long day, with no compmnioiis but the young clerks under me, with few resources of amusements, and with much leisure' time on my hands, I spent a monotonous and uneventful life, broken only now and again by the arrival of an inspector, or ilie passing of some distant ocean steamer. Somewhere about twelve months had gone by when, one day, to my surprise and joy, 1 received a letter from Jack Welby announ cing his intention of coming out to Ormara. He declured himself to be fascinated with my descriptions of the grandeur and sublimity of the scenery, &c.;, and as his .health hud been less satisfactory even than usual of late, he had a desire to try the effect of life at Ormara, and the air of the Mekran Hills. He was ordered abroad somewhere, and preferred to join mo rather than go to one of the recognised health resorts where he knew no one. He came out in a semi-official capacity; and a suitable abode was found for him in the villuge. He brought ine a touching little note from Rose, begging me to take care of " dear Jack " for her sake. Life became quite unother thing for me in Ormara after Jack's arrival. We were as much together as our Suveral not too ardu ous duties would allow. We talked much of the future, and I learned that one of his dearest wishes was for ine so to advance -in my pirofessinn that we might become in fact the brothers we had so long been in heart. He was to return to England at the end of six mouths, and to repeat the experiment another year if his health was sufficiently improved to justify it. 1'he simplicity and monotony of our exis- tenco seemed to suit him to a nicety ; he grew certainly stronger as the months passed by. The time of his departure was drawing near when suddenly something happiciicd that quito upiset all our calculations. My clerks and I were gathered in the littlo telegraph office one morning. Fred Hervcy was on duty, and, seated at one of the instruments, was carrying on a jocular conversation with one of his friends at some distant station, the other two lads and I were engaged in a game of dummy whist, Fred occasionally breaking in with some absurd remark, when suddenly our native servant rushed in with terror depicted upon his swiu'tliy face, bearing a letter in bis trembling hands. He handed this to me with a profound saluaui. "Whew! What's in the wind now, I wonder !" ejaculated Harry Edwards, a jolly young fellow of nineteen years. " Enough and to spare," I repilied, as after reading the note, I passed it on to him. It wus from the apothecary of the district — a great, friend of ours, and a thoroughly good and trustworthy man. " Dear Brownley, — "Intelligence has reached me that the Belooches are on their way hero for a loot. I shall come up to yohr place as soon as I,can get free. In the meantime I advite you to do all you can. to protect yourselves in case of an attack. "Yours, - " Ernest ; HAsirD'en." "The dickens !" ejaculated Harry Edwards when I communicated this information to my clerks. "'Hero's a pretty' kettle of fish!" " Lot us sot to work at once and prepare to give them fluoli a welcome as they won't forget in a hurry," energetically cried Fred. We held earnest consultation, in the midst of which Hampden walked in.. I hailed his arrival with joy. He had been resident in Ormara for years, and knew better what was to be feared than I did. . "We want your sage advice, Hampden, - and all the help .you are disposed' to give. I hope you have come up with the intention of remaining?" His grave, face, Ms unresponsiveness to the more jocular greeting of tho boys, im- pircsscd me seriously. "I think yon should make use of every available means of defence that you possess. Neglect no precaution that it is in your piower to take. These fellows get the idea into their heads once in a blue moon that they can help themselves to some of the white man's belongings. And when they proceed to act upon this idea it is no joke for lis, I can assuro you. They are beggars to fight." ' "As you know," I responded, "we are fairly well provided with means of defence." " Overhaul everyone of them and make sure they are in condition for use. This is a bigger affair than has occurred for years, unless my informant is, as I can scarcely think, deceived." There was a caution and Teserve in his tone which impressed me almost more than tho words themselves. I began to realise that we had an actual danger to face, and that the deadly calm of our lives was likely to be broken with a vengeance. Fred and Harry became as lively and eager as if they were about to encounter an adverse team at football ; but Willie Belton, .who was barely seventeen years of age, and was, moreover, somewhat nervous and deli cate, a double reason for regarding him as the baby clerk of the station, grew pale about the lipis. We lost no farther time in . deliberation, but all set to work vigorously to strengthen our piosition. We closed the iron shutters, which had musket holes in them, over the three windows, barred, bolted, and double- locked the doors, and then proceeded to erect a barricade, of all the mattresses, heavy furniture, blocks of wood, etc.,. we could lay hands on. Next, the firearms and ammu nition were carefully inspected and placed in readiness. After all tiiis was accomplished I pressed lunch on Hampden. Then we discovered that our servant, who had been missing from the beginning of the operations, had not yet returned. " Shall we wait?" I asked, " or set out- the lunch ourselves in the best way we can?" " A raid on the larder by all means," cried Harry. " Come along, Willie." Hampden's lips curved; a light flashed from his eyes.' "Do you suppose he means to come baok?" he asked. "It has not occurred to me to doubt it. What is your opinion, Hampden?" " I should say he has taken himself off to the Mils and intends to stay there till all danger is over. Some of these fellows are awful cowards." " He looked decidedly like being in a funk when he brought me your note," I said mus ingly- " What a beastly sneak !" from Fred. A light touch was on my arm, and I turned to find' WiUio's pale, eager face -at ' my elbow. "Don't you think, Mr. Brownley, it would be better for us all to go up. to the hills toof? You see, sir, we sbull all'be killed' if we stay here. Wo've made' everything us safe as we can, and we could, come back after the sava ges are gone. Do lotus go I"" Before I could reply, Fred interposed' in a voice of thunder : " Stop that, , youngster ! Don't insult ns by suggesting the white feather, Belton. It's a pity you ever left your mother's apron- stri'ngs. Can't you see it's our duty to stick by this place?" " Don't be hard on the boy, Fred," I inter posed. "Willie is only half a man at pro- sent, and I do not suppose the duty aspect.of the caso has struck him." Fred sobered down a little. "I supposo it's right enough to take as jolly good core of ourselves as possible, but when it comes to deserting the station, that's an idea that I'm sure, sir, you would not entertain for a moment." " I-have been placed here in charge of it," I returned; quietly, as I laid my hand on Willie's shoulder; "and it is certainly my duty to defend it with my life, if need be. I also think it the duty of each and all of you to stand by me. Still, if Willie would like to take refuge in the' hills — — " " No, oh no 1 If you stay, I trill stay too. I wanted, you all to bo safe, I did not think of going alone." " Give us your flipper, old clmp," cried Harry. " You'll fight with the best of us, I know." CHAPTER IL "' . Signalled. We got the best lunch wo cos'd under the circumstances, and all sherto-uninas proved a fruitful basis for the quips and cranks of Fred and Harry. The perpetual chaff in which those fellows indulged seemed to be the natural outcome of the excited state ot their minds, and did much to sustain the spirits of the rest; it also served to divert my strained sense of responsibility. When we had cleared away the lost ves tiges of our meal, Fred sat down to one of the instruments and opened up a talk < with some fur-away fellow-clerks. He tried to tell them of our predicament, but ins absurd mode of expressing Mmself, and his well-known addiction to practical jokes, elicited no other reply than " Old birds are not to be caught with chaff." As this was slowly ticked out by the marvellous little instrument, it was greeted with roars of laughter at Fred's expense. , " Hang it all, they think I'm hoaxing.. Here, Brownley, you tell 'em it's a case of 'gonuino merit' this time." I took his vacated seat, and placed my hands on the machine. For one second an indescribably solemn feeling camis over me. This might possibly be the lost message I should ever send along the wire. " Fred is right this time. Wo are in peril from an attack of Belooches." Back came the answer : "If you say so, it's genuine. We are sending on word to I"adenhall Street, and wish you a speedy and safe deliverance." The day wore on, and I for one began to feel the confined atmosphere within our burricades unspeakably oppressive." "Let's get outside a little," I said to Hampden, " we're safe enough as long as it isn't dark." " Thankfully ; it is stuffy here." "If anything goes wrong, fire a pistol, Fred ; wo shall be close by." "All right, captain." Hampden and I left the little house, armed in case of a surprise, and strolled away to the edge qf the lofty cliffs. After a careful' look round, we stretched ourselves upon the dry grass and watched i— i— in —mi— i in immwiibih i iimm— , i in i the sun slowly falling towards the distant sea-line. Far below us tossed and' tumbled tho restless waves, and' on the far horizon wo could just discern the smoke of a fast- receding, steamer leaving its trail across the reddeiied sky. Behind and around us stretched the gloomy and apparently enil- : loss range of . the Meltran- hills. A more tranquil and peaceful scene could not bo imagined, and yet within us was the pre sage of things to come wMch might change oil before another sunset. I had been reclining calmly, my elbow resting on tho ground, when I suddenly started to a more upiright position na a thought rushed into my mind. " Wliy on-earth has not Welby turned np, Iwonder?" " He's sure to do so-;" returned Hampden, . placidly ; " there ore no wMtoB to consort with down there. " A vague uneasiness stirred within me, and : a feeling of compunction arose that, amidst the shack of the news and the hurry of our preparations, no thought hod entered my niihd of possible danger to Mm. "I have made so sure that the station will be the first point chosen for attack, but what if " I sprang to my feet, a thrill of horror seizing iqei Just then the sun dipped and a glow as of fiic flashed upwards into the heavens. Without moving bis position, Hampden re turned quietly : "He's at the station now, probably he may have come up after we left." " Does.be know what we fear?" "I dropped him a line when I sent. one to yuu, just to make sure, though the source of my information is also open to him." I turned my back upon tbe sea and faced tho direction from which we had come. The station was in full view, a little way down tho heights to the right, and between us and it were the hills and hollows we had crossed to reach our present position. The sky was darkening already over there, for night conies on swiftly iu these regions after the sun is goue. . On a knoll about midway between us and the station, against the darkening sky, up which the round, gleaming face of the moon was slowly rising, I saw the figure of a man distinctly, outlined. He appeared to be sig nalling us. " Why, there is Welby," I exclaimed joy fully. Hampden was on bis feet in a twinkling. "Where?" I pointed towards the knoll, the figure on wMch, seeing our attention drawn towards it, began to gesticulate rather wildly, wav ing Ms arms in the direction of the station. "Yes, that's certainly Welby," said Hampden deliberately, " and, by Jove, Brownley, he wants to hurry us. . Some thing must be up at the station. Come on." We plunged jieadlung downwards. From the next rise we sighted the knoll again, but no ono stood there now. - " He has gone back to tbe station," -I ex claimed agitatedly. "There must be some reason why ho did not come to meet us." We wasted no more breath in words, but hurried forward with all the speed we could make. Still, with every fresh glimpse we got as we approached the station, we saw no sign of excitement. Reaching it at length, outside we found all in the same tranquil state it was when we left. We wero admitted at once. "What's up?" cried Fred. "Brownley, you look as ghastly as if you had seen a wholo troop of ghosts." My glance went beyond Mm, eagerly searching the dim interior. "Where's Welby?" I gasped. " Welby ! We liaveu't set eyes upon Mm," replied Fred. "Now you mention it, why hasn't he come np here?" queried Harrv. "Beastly foolish of Mm to stick in the village." " But we saw him," both Hampden and I exclaimed, and the former added, some deadly sensation stealing the piower of speech from me, " He stood on a. knoll scarce a hundred yards from this, and bockoucd to us to moke haste back. We have lost no time I can as sure you. We came over head and heels. He must be somewhere near." " Wo'll soon find out. Come on, . Ed wards, we'll unearth him if he's anywhere hereabouts. Come along, Belton." The three youths ran out together to search the neighbourhood of the station. "You look dreadful, Brownley. Can I get you anything?" said Hampden. I directed him where to find the brandy. Ho poured me out a small glass aud I drank it off. " Hampden," I said then, " we must look into this." ' , "Yes, yes. If ho doesn't come in with tho boys, we'll go down and hunt him up." " Why ho should have gone back aftor coming to warn ns I cannot understand." " Rash, to say tho least. He deserves to bo fetched up by force. Get back your strength, old fellow. Our long legs will soon carry us to his quarters and hack. Another glass?" " No more, thanks. Help yourself. Can you see anything of tho boys?" "Here they come,' and alone." They burst in the next moment. "Wo'vo made as wide a circuit as we dared, and there's not a trace of him." In a few brief words I told Fred of the determination to which Hampidcn and I had come, and laid down the precautions to be observed during our absence. He promised scrupulously to adhere to my directions, and we set forth. CHAPTER HI. Under the Moonrats. The night had deepened, but tho moon had arisen and her pure, white light shone everywhere. The gittcring rays fell upon the heaving waters afar, and 'softened the rugged outlines of the. bleak mountains. Below us lay the village, enclosed iu its groves of palm trees, whose gracuful forms towered high above the houses, thoir broad leaves glislening in tlio moonlight as tlicy were wafted to and fro by the soft night breeze. The - influence of the night somewhat soothed my perturbed spirit and cooled iny heated brain. "All /must be well," I as sured myself, as we moved swifty and silent ly downwards, " and in a vory short time now we shall be' retracing our stcpis with Welby safely between us." Still, my thoughts reverted again and again to tlio singularity of his having come so far upi the cliffs, evidently for the pmrpose df warning us, and then gone back without exchanging a word. It was so unlike Jack to have done this that it puzzled me more than his complete nbsencc would liavu done. Had not Hampden also seen and recognised him, I might huve concluded the vision I had had of him' to be hallucinatory. As ho Btood on tho knoll, fncing the red glow of the Western sky, "Mb figure had beep thrown into such clear relief by the dark- gray east that one could scarcely mistake it, and "I saw him! I saw him!" I asseve rated inai'tioului'ly. Not a sound broke the intense quietude as we stolo through the village and reached tho little houso my friend occupied. A light was burning behind one of tho windows that gave on to'tlic veranda. "Ho is there!" I whispered to Hampden. He assented with a nod. I swung myself on to the vernnda, mean ing to attract his attention by tapipiing the glass. Ono glunce within told me a terrible tale, and I drew back sickened ivitb horror. Jack, my boyhood's friend, Rose's brother, whom she had committed to. my care, lay oil his back upon the door, 'l'ho room was in great disorder, cupboard doors bad been forced, drawers ransacked, only the lamp on the table, the open book lying within the rim of shaded light, hud not been inter fered with. Hiunden was by my side ns I drew shuddering away. Ho dragged mo in silence through the window. We fell upon our knees on either side the motionless figure. A dark mark in the very centre of the marble brow told its own story. Ho must have besft shot down as ha sat reading,. Hampden proceeded to make examination, I' watching him through dozed eyes. In a very short time ho ceased his -efforts and looked aoross at me. "We are fully an hour too late.; life, has been extinct for .quite that time." x 'Impossible!" I pulled out my watoh and examined the face of it in the lamp- \- light. " It is not yet an hour sinoo we saw him on the cliffs." Hampden slowly shook Ms head. "Wo wore mistaken; it could not have, been he." All my eenses were dullod by the horror of our discovery. I could not attempt to argue tho matter. Hampden has since told mo that he was so alarmed by the expression of my face that ho feared the shock of learning Welby's fate would completely unman me so that I should be of no further use that night. He took me by botb shoulders and almost com pelled mo to get on to my feet. " Come, come, Brownley, we must not in dulge in grief at present. We can do no good here; wo are too late, I tell yon. But tiiose boys I Good God ! have you for gotten the peril thev aro in?" "Yes, tho boys, I said mechanically, and with tho words one thread of interest was' retaken by my benumbed brain. "Wo can come back here when they are safe.' Ho hurried me away. Once outside, the chilled blood in my veins was changed to molten fire. . A passion un like anything I have ever experienced seized me. It was the fearful, unholy desire of vengeance, which presented itself to me for tho time being, under the appearance of duty. We had scarcely cleared f-lie village when the sound of shots rang out oh the still air, under the pilacid face of the moon, whose beams now made the whole countiy appear almost as light as day. " Good heavens 1 They are attacking the station," exclaimed Hampden. " Come on, Brownley, there's no time to be lost." Shot after shot rattled out in quick suc cession, reverberating amongst the hills and rouks. Added to this were shrill, discor dant yells, us though a whole army of fiends had been let loose. Wo, tore upi the hill- side,- our firearms iu readiucss for immediate use. .The sight wMeh burst upion our eyes as wo came in view of tbe station far exceeded tho sounds. The place seemed to be alive with dusky figures, leaping, shrieking in the moonlight. Tho leader of the Belooches on tMs raid was one Dost Mahomed, the notorious rob ber chief on whose head a price hod been set for some time. I judged the number of his followers to be about fifty. Wo crept as close to the station as we conld under cover, and watched our oppor tunity. The boys were making a gallant detence. Their firing was sharp and true, and did credit to the practice held in idle hours, I thought of poor Willie, and won dered if the hero spirit had come into the lad, und whether he was standing firmly at Ms post us honour and duty required. Wo seized tho first lull, when the Bel ooches were squatting about their chief on the hillsido in the white moonlight in con sultation ; and, after giving the signal to Fred, made a bolt for the door. We were scon by a couple of huge savages, who raised a yell and rushed upon us. There was a slampedo in our direction from the hill side, and behind us I heard the burs and bolts being withdrawn. There seemed to be nothing for it, however, but to sell out lives as dearly as we could. In that awful moment I saw tho dead wliite form of poor Jack Welby lying on the floor of his house, and a desperate strength was given me.' "Keep close to me, and as cool as you can," I cried to Hampden. " All. right ; go ahead !" The next moment I had parried with my sword tho blow of one of the giants, mid, raising my revolver, shot him to the ground. Hampden felled the other, and, as we leapt over their bodies, shouted, " We shall do it now !" But the others wero upon us. I saw the wild figure of Dost Mahomed and the savage faces of his followers. Hampden clubbed his musket and fought like a lion ; I had only one more chamber left ill my revolver ; I fired this, and missed. Not so my imme diato adversary ; a sharp twinge in my left shoulder told mo that his shot had taken effect. _At that moment we wero covered by the blaze of two muskets from our rear. The door of the station was ajar, and our brave lads filled tho aperture. Seeing that 1 was wounded, Hampden covered me us well as ha could, and together wo fought our way backwards towards the doorway. Whether wo should ever have reached its friendly shelter I cannot say, but at that moment Fred rushed out, seized my sword out of my hand, and pushed me -within. Then, cutting with deadly effect light and left, ho retreated backwards. So ho got within the house, into which Hampden too had successfully fought his way. Tho door was sharply shut by Harry and Willie, and we all threw our strength upon it, bolting, locking; and barring it. " WUcw!" ericd Fred coolly, as he wiped tho perspiration from his brow, " that was worse than a scragg at football. Yell away, my friends! wo'vo got the better of you for tho time being." My wound was, fortunately, only a flesh one. Hainpdcn bound it up as well as he could, so us to admit of my commanding ono of the musket-hoics, and we kept up a brisk firo whenever tho besiegers came within range. It was weary and sickening work, still wo had causa to be thankful that so fur we were able to hold tlio fort in safety. Again and again they relumed- to the attack; finally they retreated for a longer time than they had uono yet, and we were beginning to congratulate ourselves that they had had enough of it- when back they cun'io, armed with big stones and inverted muskets. Charged m this fashion, our trustworthy door began to show signs of yielding, anil despair filled our hearts. It seemed as though nothing short of a miracle could savo us now. Bushed to extremity, -an idea citmo into my mind. Willie was close by ine, diligently occupied in loading iny mus kets for mc. Tho savages wero yelling in anticipatory triumph ut (dose quarters. Hampden and Fred were making super human exertions, ably seconded by II airy, whon I spoke low in tbe boy's oar. " Thcro's something else can be done, and you shall have the honour of doing it. Run upstairs to my loom ; you'll fiud a tin box under tbo window filled with old books and papers. Try if you can astonish the natives by heaving it over tho sill." He ran awtiy like a shot, and a few see- onds later wo saw a dark mass descend upon tho heads of tho crowd about tho door. The box was not big or heavy onougli to do any serious damage, still I huve no doubt it gave some few of tho besiegers a hoadacho they could not forgot- in a hurry. But the best work it did was to crcoto a scare, and pro- euro us a temporary respite. Thoy drew oft for another consultation, a very brief one this time. Through the momentary lull, 'iny strained oars caught tho far-away sound of another cry. Did this mean help" for us? Or ruinforcemonts for them? 0«r fate de pended upon the answer, for oven ns wo cnuglit tho sound tho savages were upon us again. With set faces and eager hands we worked desperately. My heart quailod within me. Tho battering on tlio door wus now so ter- ritlo that it deadened all olsc. " Willie, lad," I said hoarsely, " run up stairs, and see if you can sue aught coining." The cry of a fiend rang out into the glim mering (fawn outside, above tlio noise and strife — Dost Mahomed's voice, I think. Then \u rush of footsteps overhead, and Willie's glad .cry from tho stairs : " Blue jackets ! Blue jackets! They are tearing up tho hill." At that momeut the door fell' in with a loud crash, a dusky .figure appeared in the aperture with a troop in his rear. Fred and — : Hampden- darted to tho opening ; I turnedvi blind and sick for an instant, as I saw the'jj|i brave fellows rush on to their, death in way. -1 Again that inhuman yell, the cry of savage worsted in tho .very moment of vic-..'J tory. Dost' Mahomed was calling off hisrS men.' They took to their heels, and flew;iii--l$; all directions. Through tbo open door we'-gj .saw a troop of British seamen advancing/: with a rush, led by a broad-shouldored young officer, the gray dawn shining on their imtg.vj-J lasses. Shall I ever forget the ringing cheer 1 A-n with which thoy greeted us — a spent ,com-'Sr% pany of bleeding men i - . " All a mere chance that we happened-.toYi/ get here just in the nick of time," said Lieu-//! tenant Campbell. "Two minutes longer and we should "aUf ti havo been dead men," I replied. \"Ih':j' God's mercy, how have you been sent to.our -.-f; aid?" '.. sA "Wo belong to H.M.S. Tiger. We came /Y in shore to got water, and the men. whoijl were landed for the purpose heard firingj-fcl and sent off word to tho captain, who deg;-f! spatched mo to see what was up. I .anifY'; afraid those fellow have given you a hoi vti time." . . ; A hnt time indeed ! Wo were all more orV/i less wounded; oven Willie, had torn Ms;,gj hands with the jagged edges of the tin boxkji in his vigorous efforts to hurl it down upoh'Sj! the heads of the rebels. . / /-?' The lieutenant placed men in charge of J;? tho station and carried us all off with him; ;;' to tho ship, that we might make a full re-iifj port to the captain and have our wounds- kf properly seen to by the ship's surgeon. ' ' We all obtained speedy promotion for that night's work, and I was summoned to.y';; headquarters. The lads took an almost tear-'d-f- ful leave of me. Hampden wrung my hand in silence. " As the vessel steamed out into the Ara- . bian Sea, I stood aft and gazed wistfully, yff landwards. Tho sun gleamed wMtely upon'/%< a marble cross beneath a group of palms!':): that marked the last resting-place of the re- mains of poor J nek Welby. ;) As soon as business would permit after If I reached London I went down to see Squire -i Welby and Rose, to convey certain posses sions that had belonged to _ Jack, and to ' give them the last painful particulars. hod, of course, been in communication th $ them by letter, and they bail bad time to j. liocome somewhat resigned to their loss. To : my surprise, I found that Jack's death. .. ; would make all the difference in the world-/; to me. As I was -by no means inclined to . relinquish tho idea of marrying Rose, tho- squire insisted upon my leaving the tele- / graph service, and settling down with thein. taking Jack's place as far as possible. : " Although I had spoken freely to all of - .- anything that could give comfort, I told no" ono but Rose of how Hampden and I had') seen Jack on the evening of tbe attack. ; /) " As he could not explain it in any other V ', way, Hampden insisted that our vision : of him must have been hallucinatory.: 1; Nevertheless, I saw him, Rose. I saw hjm " " as uertainly as I over saw anything in my life, although Hampden says it is quite im- /jv possible that he could have been alivo at- . tho time." Rose nestled up to me, her head on nj j't shoulder, her soft check close to mine. " I havo no doubt that you saw Mm, dear boy. His smti was free, and he could come < to you." Then she added softly, "Dear, , dear Jack! Ho knew that I could not live . unless I had either him- or you, and he; wanted you to get buck to the station, . where you would be comparatively safe." Although I must admit that Roso's ex- - planation of tho mysterious occurrence: I have related is not one which generally com- mends itself to reason, it better meets the facts of the case than docs Hampden's. 