rAix Rights Resbbvhd.J . I THE MYSTERY OF ILFORD GRANGE. Ilford Grange lies in an untrodden .alley j in/ the heart of England, a lovely retreat. _ "1 ffiere die call of the bird has not been! Uenced by the shriek of the steam whistle, i and where the sky is not clouded, nor the air . fouled with smoke. I "A mile from die old Grange stands a lone j ale-house, whose signboard, Tho'Eobin Hood, speaks of .the old forest days. j Behind the old inn a pathway led through t a woodtothe valley oHlford Grange; the old ( tenement was a motley group of buildings, grey and red; onee a pious lodging, it was still basked by the rained town and south wall of the Priory Church. West of it, a tin, stream bubbled down the Valley, which, banked up tothe north of the churph, formed a lake, the unruffled surface of which reflects the buBhes that have grown round tho'bank, the ivy-covered tower and the clouds that float lazily over the enchanted valley making up a perfect picture of rural -beauty. The Grange, built of grey stone, 1b patohed bere and there with brick, being all overgrown with tangled creepers, and surmounted by tall red brick chimneys, above which again tower the ruins of the old Priory Church. It was towards the close of a bright arid glorious September day that I paused, after a five mile walk, in front of Ilford Grange. It was with strange mingled feelings that J stood for many minutes gazing at the old pile, grim and gloomy reminiscences being recalled to my mind at its sight. Hero, after my poor father's death, when a boy, of seven, had I been brought from London by my uoole'B solicitor. Though at enmity with both my parents,' upon his younger brother's decease I had been sent for. I may here add that a mother's tender Jove and care I never had known, she having loft the world a few weeks only after my birth. As I stood now in the gloaming, the shadows deepening around the old Grange, I reoalled to mind the dark, bleak, winter's day, when, weary of my morose end miserly relation's tyranny, I ran away, a lad of six teen. Starved and buffeted about for years at Ilford Grange, my rough life on board a West'India merchant ship was far prefer able; and now, fairly well-to-do, and eight and ; twenty yoars of age, it was with wild and conflicting emotions that I stood with folded arms at the entrance gates of my uncle s residence, the old miser, who for years had forgotten my existence,- but who now upon his death bed had expressed a wish to behold once more his nephew Miles. Something I remembered of a pretty little girl, a niece, the daughter of the only sister of Mark Han way. She, poor child, some seven or eight years my junior, had been the ooly being I regretted leaving behind at the old Grange that bitter winter's day when, proud and defiant, I ran away to seek a home upon the vasty deep. There was no sign of life about the old place, and as I sauntered up the moss- covered and weeded pathway I beheld, as of yore, the same air of desolation, neglect, and decay. / A miser never changes his disposition any more than the Jeopard his spots, 1 muttered, as, gaining the old porch, I gave a tug at the bell, the clangour of which woko up many a dismal echo about the place, startling the very rooks that were circling overhead preparatory to reeking their nestB, for the night was close nt hand. For some five minutes I waited patiently a reply to my summons, and then, as I was about again to put my hand on the bell, the massive oaken door waB Blowly opened, creaking and groaning on its hinges as if reluctant to admit of ingress to the stranger. An old crone, with yellow, wrinkled face and toothless gums, Btanding on the thres hold, winking and blinking like an old owl, in querulous accents demanded my businees. ' I left London early this morning to paya visit to my unole, Mark Hanway." " Did you ? then you might have saved yourself a long journey: you can't sec him," said the old woman, snappishly, who, though she had lost her teeth, I found retained her sense of hearing. " Can't see him ? What do you mean, woman ? Why, he rent for me, and as I just now informed you, I have travelled a long distance at his request." " That may be,but tho old map has started on a longer Journey than you have ever made." " I think I understand yon. You mean to infer thatbe is dead." " 'Yea; and as we have no accommodation for travellers, I can 't let you in. I'm a lone 4 woman, and can't a-bear strangers. You'll get a bed, I daresay, at the Robin Hood, t'otfier side of the wood." " Thunk you, but I do not care to cruise for that anchorage to-night. I'm here now and intend to remain. I do not know who or what you are, but I have come down here at the express desire of Uncle Hanway, and I'm not going to bout ship for any lone woman who docs not like strangers." llather short-tempered and angry at the impudence of the crone, I here very coolly drove paBt her infcb the hall. Rather taken aback, as clapping her hands, screeching and \yeiling like a tiger-cat, she sang out, "Reuben, Reuben! Dido, -Dido!" The pair so loudly called upon starting fovth from a half-opon door close by me, and proving to be a burly, sandy-haired, red faced man, and a fierce, savage-looking dog; the latter with an angry snarl, and revealing a set of huge fangs, hunchiDg his back and showing a dis position to fly at me without any further to- do or provocation. " What's all this about ? Who are you ? Get out of it, or I'll let Dido have at thee ! " " You'd better hold Dido. aB you call him, back, or I'll put a knife in his ribs. I've done a tidy bit of pig-sticking in India, and I'm not going to be cowed here by a vicious dog or bullied by a clodhopper! You ask Who 1 am, I am the nephew of the owner of this house, and 1 don't care who you are or that crone either; but if you don't take care and are not civil, I'll kick you both out of the Grange." " Oh, oh ! Do'ee hoar that mother?" " Let go the dog at 'im, Reuben. Did tliee hear he called I a crone?" cried the hag, fairly dancing with rage. To my unmitigated astonishment, the scoundrel of a man, now loosing the savage beast he had been fielding, with a loud deeD- nioutlied bay it sprang upon me, causing me by its weight to stagger back against the wall. Having snatched a broad Bharp-bladed knife from my pocket a moment before, and getting n good grip of the brute by the neck, I buried the weapon up to the haft in its throat, and then exerting ail my Btrength I hurled the dying beast at the old woman — tliedogandits mistress rolling together upon the floor. Starting now upon the amazed and confounded Reuben, I gave the fellow one crashing blow full between the eyes, and an other under the left ear that sent him stun ned and bleeding upon the bodies of the -bricking hag and the dead Dido. Master of the field, I now, drawing a deep breath, took a glance around, staring wildly as a little boy, wan faced, ragged and dirty, gliding from a distant corner, with one hand upon his lips and the other upraised, beckoned me to follow him, as he began to ascend a- flight of stain at the ead of the hall. " Faying no head to the oaths and threats of dire vengeance uttered by the bullying lont below, I at onoe hurried after the poor little creature, who, glidingawiftly before me, kept turning round to see if X were following on. Up a second flight of stain, passing along a oorridor that -I 'remembered well in the days of old, my little pilot then began ascend ing a third steep flight that I kuBw ied jtoa suite of rooms seldom or ever used in my childhood's days, and that bore the reputa tion of being haunted. Passing through two apartments that opened one into the other, the little fellow came to a pause, and placing his trembling little hand upon the door of a third chamber, he exclaimed, in a hesitating and trembling voice, " Laura's here I" " Laura's there, is Bhe?" I replied, smiling at the troubled expression that rested upon the poor boy's features; for though locked, I was well assured that 1 could soon burst the door open if necessary; and calling to mind that Laura was 'the name of my pretty playmate and cousin in the long ago, I determined, without any scrapie, to foreb an entrance in to the room. Forthwith, and without any further to-do, I gave a bound with my shoulder against the obstacle before me; that, as I expected, tore the lock away, and landed .me sprawling' upon tbe floor of the chamber beyond Starting to my feet, I was now astounded at beholding a young and lovely girl, a beautiful Monde, lying upon a couch, bound hand and foot, whilst piled up to the ceiling, as if ready for removal, I observed a cheat of drawers, tables, chairs, card-tables, and wash- stands, all packed one upon the other, caus ing the chamber to resemble the sale room of an auctioneer. My first proceeding was, of course, to re lease from her bondB the weeping girl, who, in wild alarm, seizing me by the arm, ex claimed: '' What have yon done with that infamous woman and her eon?" " Shown them both that I mean to be master herd" " But the dog— they will set the horrible brute upon you !" " They did that same thing, my dear girl, and I Berved Dido as I used to do the wild, boars; but tell me, Laura, what is the mean ing of that strange array of furniture ?" " I will tell you all— everything. But say, are you not ray cousin Miles, that poor uncle was expecting ?" "Tarn he; yes, Laura. And though so many years have passed since we wandered hand in hand about the valley and through the woods, I recognised you, dear, the moment I entered the apartment. And now tell me what villainy has been going on here ?" " Almost murder. Miles," cried my pretty relation, as she clung tremblingly and confi dingly to my arm. '"Poor nnde Hanway died yesterday, and because old John Greys- brooke and his daughter wouldn't consent to some vile proposition of theirs, the monster Reuben' Monks, and hie vile old mother barricaded them up in the ghost room, and God knows what crime would have been carried out if you had not arrived; for ray- self I would hBve died lefore agreeing tp the wishes of that dreadful pair, " And what were those wishes, Laura ?" " That I should consent to become the wife of the horrid eon." " A very modest desire, certainly; but I'll haze (punish) them before many hours are over. And now to release the prisouers. Thank God I arrived in time, Laura, for I believe that vile old hag and the fellow Reuben wouldn't have hesitated at muffler, or their looks belie them." Setting strenuously to work I proceeded to drag away the numerous articles of furni ture that had been heaped together, and slightly aided by my cousin speedily dis closed the half-glass door that opened into the ghost room, as it was called. Here, by toe pale rays of tbe moon that stole through a small casement at the far end of this ante-room, I beheld the wan and startled faces of the old man and his daugh ter, who bad so daringly been imprisoned by the vile housekeeper, Mrs. Monks, and her son. \ With some difficulty getting away from my couBin, who was in fear and alarm' for my safety, I now, leaving her with the GreyB- brookes, at once descended to the lower part of the house -- I was rather surprised that I had received no furthor signs of revolt from the enemy, especially as I had heard front Laura of their audacious desires and criminal proceedings. Followed by the little boy, a waif of the adjacent village, I mode a thorough inspec tion of the premises, and at last was pretty well convinced that the mother and her hope ful son had vacated the premises. Returning to my anxious couBin, all the night through (along with the poor old labourer and his daughter) we eat up in that house of the dead, none of us under the cir cumstances caring to seek repose. The next day, upon calling in the county counstabulary, we discovered that Reuben Monks and his mother had decumped, but had carried off a cor iderable sum in gold, part of tbe hoards of my unfortunate uncle, who had died with no relative by his death bed ; even his niece having been prevented from attending upon him by the vicinui beings in whom for years he had placed such trust. The precious pair of conspiraton by means of the hue and cry and a smart de- I tective from London, were soon captured, j and received a well-merited sentence of " Five Years' Penal." As next-of-kin, I duly inherited all Mark Hanway's wealth, and, wedding the lovely Laura and settling down at the old Grange, I tempted no more the dangers of the deep, deep sea.________ 