CATALEPSF. One of those incidents of fact which happen every now and again in order to sustain the necessary basis for fiction is recorded from Sin gleton. The local coroner, doctor, policeman, undertaker (with a coffin) were starting for Mount Hope,, to hold an inquest upon and to quietly in urn the body of a gentleman whose death had been reoorted. when they met the suDDOsed corpse driving itself into town in a sprincart, and in a condition to say, with the American hu morist, that the report of its death was an exag geration. 'The case,' as the medical man would term it, was one of catalepsy. Readers of the terrible and the strange in fact and in fic tion will remember how often the cataleptic seiz ure of a human being, which may be mistaken for death, has been used by those agreeable authors who excite our fancies and our fears. The abb© who, in 'Monte Christo,' gave learning and. in the end, riches and liberty to Edmond Dantes, was a cataleptic. One of Wilkie Oollins's hovels deals with the possibilities of being buried 'alive, though in this case drugs are used to produce the similitude of death. But the novel has a prefix, giving the elaborate precautions taken in a town in the Low Countries to prevent persons being buried alive while suffering from ^a cataleptic sei zure. There is also the story of the robber, who, cutting the finger of a corpse to get at a ring, roused it from a calaleptic fit In fact, tales of horror, mystery, imagination, and humor without end have been grounded on the occurrence of catalepsy. And now we have an actual case, as curious as any recorded, but in which the humorous side is most apparent. Anyone who knows the Singleton coroner (a most excel lent officer, by the way, who performs his duties in a. manner that might be copied with advantage by some other country coroners), wtU appreciate his sensations at being 'done so uncommonly brown,' as were my Lord Tomnoddy and his friends, when the man was hanged while they were asleep. The feelings of the Government Medical Officer and of the policeman and of the undertaker, may also be imagined, especially those of the first and third. In the circumstances, while not only having the deepest sympathy with the gentleman who is happily not dead, whi e con gratulating him upon his vitality, and while trust ing that he may have many years of life and use fulness before him, we cannot avoid pointing out to him that perfectly unintentionally he has dis appointed not only a professional and a commer cial gentleman, and a couple of Government offl- } cials, but the public of Singleton, which, since the appearance of a ghost on the other side of the railway line some years ago has not been so put about. Catalepsy, it may be stated, had nothing to do with the reported ghost; whatever caused that had another name. But, putting this to one side, we do think that the coroner, the po'ioeman, the undertaker, the doctor, and the public may fairly expect something like an apology in the ?case under notice. 