ment of Liverpool and Farramatta polico, mem bers of tho local rlflo club, Public. School Cadet Corps, and Voluntcor Ftro Brigade, the Mayor and aldermen, and members of tlio different local lodges took part. Tlio procession was formed adjacent to the railway station, about 2.1a, and, heuded by deceased's Jumping pony, decorated with ribbons denoting tlio animal's successes at tho Liverpool shows, paraded tho principal stroets, the baud playing sacred music on route, thouco to the cliurcli. Hundreds ot people from all parts of tho district followed the precession, whilo the siieets through which It passed wero thronged with spectators. The church was quickly filled io overflowing, a largo crowd being unable to gain admission. Among tho congregation wero deceasod's father and family. Tlio ilov. J. Dixon, of B.-ilmain, conducted tho service, and preached from the following text:— "Praise yo the Lord for the avenging of Israel, when tho people willingly ottered themselvos," Judges v. chapter, 2nd verso. Iu tlio courso ot an Impressive address, tho preacher said the service was connected with a pathetic incident of one who had willingly offered himself, and passed away In doing his duty. The lato Trooper Smith was well known In iho dis trict. and the largo crowds which attended tlio precession nnd thronged the streets was ample evidence of Iho esteem and regard In which he was held. It was well, not merely to remcm- bor tbo Incident which bad called them together, but to consider Die lessons taught by tho war. The toxt was a song of deliverance, nnd every such song was ot divine import. They should remember that tlio God they worshipped vas a God of Liberty, and that when men wero op pressed thoy must ho made free. The war re ferred to In the text was one of patriotism, and tho soldiers obeyed the divine voice. The ore- sent war In South Africa wa3 a righteous war, a war or freedom and liberty, and one which Eng land had tried by every reasonable means to avoid. Hence the magnificent outburst of patrio tism throughout the Empire, and when the call came Australia was Included In the response, anil every colony sent its representatives Into the field, anil their blood, co-mlngllng with the bloo.l OUR CAPE LETTER, THE BRITISH ADVANCE. operations of the forces australians con- gkai l'lated. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) LORD ROBERTS' HEADQUARTERS, May 10. Tlio march northwards has begun in earnest. Fiold-Miu-shal Lord Roberts aud his umiy look possession of Bloemfonteln on 14th March, asd ilmiich the delay at the late Orango Freo Stalo capital has been prolonged beyond general expec tation a variety ol' circumstances operated which mude this inevitable. Tho scarcity o£ remounts, the disaffected population who still retained a cer tain held upon the suuthorn parts ot the country, and, above all, tho supreme Importance of placing our long lines of communication in ubsoluto security, wero all matters which havo demanded und received tho closest and most uninterrupted alien lion during tho last few weeks— weeks appar ently only of inaction, hut in reality of untiring and unceasing activity. From Roux'villo, from Do I Vol's Dorp, from Ladybraud on tlio ono side; from Wiudaorton and Warronton oil tho other, tho enemy have. In turn, been driven, with tho result that tho whole of the Boer commandos aro now in our front, and that large portion of tlio Orango Freo State cx- teiiuing, urouuiy speaiving, in a siraigut lino irom Its extreme western boundary at the Vaal lllvcr to the holders of Uasutolaud on tbu cast is In our undisputed possession. It would not bo sur prising if tlie present month proved ono of tho must eventful In tho wholo history of the cam paign. lis opening days have been replete with incident, witnessing, as they liavo done, the re moval of Lord Roberts' headquarters from Blocm- onteiti to llrundfort, a distanco of fully 40 miles; anu the arrival of a largo portion of the foree I under his command at the Vet ltlver, somo 30 i miles still further north. A fortnight ago we wero told that tlio Boer commandos from Wepener and Do Wet's Dorp bad been ordered lo fall hack ' on Winburg; but, if such wore ever tlio enemy's Intention, be has certainly been forestalled, for Winburg is now in our possession, and tlio sur rounding country, some of tlio richest in the Orango Freo Stato, Is securely held by ou; troops. Thero was Uttlo fighting between Bloemfonteln and Drandfort. Our advnnco was to all Intents and purposes unopposed; while tho practically de- sorted country betwoen tho two places bore ample ovldenco of tho hurried and precipitate naturo of tho enemy's Hlght. It had been reported, Indeed, that ho would mako a stand at Braudtort; but, if this was ever his Intention, ho eventually thought better of it, for unylhliig more uneventful than our entry into tlio llttlo town In tho very centre of the Freo Staters' country it would bo difficult to Imagine. C0MM4NDS OF GENERALS. It was, In reality, a combined movement hy General Tuckor and l'olo-Carew's Division on the east and centre, nnd of Goncral Mutton's Mounted Infantry on tlio west, which greatly faci litated tho occupation Of Brandfort. The fact was tho Boers woro surprised, anil took rofugo In hasty retreut. Four thousand of thom had uclually boon posted close to llio town on tho evening of the 2nd May, hut after a sharp artillery duct with a portion ot Gcnoral Tucker's force, in which two of their gunu wero put out of action, thoy withdrew, and at noon on the following day Lord Roberts established his headquarters Drandfort. . .... The bridges and culverts between Bloomfontclii and Brandfort wero repaired by tho Royal Engi neers with extraordinary rapidity, and the tra n camo through at mld-ilay on Friday. At daybreak the next morning General Polc-Carcw s Division sot out for Vet River, a long march ot 1.) m lcs. Nothing of nolo occurred until about 1 o'clock lu the day, when the West Australians, who were acting ns scouts, came into contact with tlio enemy, who were holding the river. A fierce artillery duel almost immediately ensued. The enemy, unmasking their guns on our right flank, poured both shrapnel nnd percussion amongst our battery, but our terrible firo was never dlmlnslicd. Then two naval 12-poundcrs entered into action, and, later, two 5-inch slcgo guns, and tho noise and tho din became terriflc. Tbo enemy con tinued to Arc with great accuracy, and It was marvellous that no one was injured. The firing went on until sunset, and as the departing day faded away an occasional shell might still bo heard hissing its way through the calm, clear at- mosphoro, and finally ruming 111 its explosion tho serenity of tho now sliver-tinged waters of tho Vet River, which divided the opposing forces. Away on our left General I-Iutton was also en gaging the onemy. Ills force, too. had left camp early In search of tlio drift across the river to tho west, which was eventually discovered to bo strongly held by the enemy with a Maxim and pom-pom. A hot flglit ensued. The Boers enfi laded our firing line with a Maxim, but our force, pushing rapidly forward with its own pom-pom. and galloping Maxim, drove the enomy from tho bed of tho river, treating them to a terribly hot firo ns they retired. WEST AUSTRALIANS DISTINGUISH THEMSELVES. It was In this fight that the West Australians so. gallantly stormed the kopjes commanding tho psssngc of tlie rivor, and Major Wllklngton was subsequently congratulated by Lord Roberts on' their brilliant capture of ono ot the. kopjes. It' was tho West Australians, too, together with the Canadians, who wero later on mainly responsible for tl(e forcing of tho river passago. During tho night General I-Iutton had the railway line blown up near Smaldecl, and the next day occupied tho railway station, tho enomy rotrcatlug to Zand River. GENERAL IAN HAMILTON. The Vet River crosses tho main line of railway close on GO miles north of, Bloemfonteln as tho crow files, and some 25 miles duo east from where, our troops crossed the river lies the town of Winburg, tvlilch General Ian Hamilton occupied on Sunday. This was certainly an Important move, and the rapidity ot its . execution seems to have thrown confusion and consternation among tho Boers In the neighborhood, ns It has effectu ally cut off the retreat of auy marauding parties who may still bo lingering In the neighborhood of Wepener and Ladybrnnd. On Tuesday last General Hamilton had a conference with' Lord Roberts 15 miles oast of sftaldeel, nnd, as a re sult of tho conference, and the consequent disposi tion of our troops, complete connection was ostnb-' lished between all our forces,' General Hamilton, moving north of Winburg and General Colvlllo entering tho town. PRESENT POSITION OF THE FORCES.' A glance at the map cannot fall to, Impress the merest novlco In tho art of war with tlio Im portance of tho positions at present held -by our ffn/mo no wnl! «« 41.a ... ». "... .. — , «« «v» mu lujuvfuoua gxratogy wnicu has been employed in order to socure thom. Portions of Generals Pole-Carow's and Tucker's divisions, and of General Ian Hamilton's column, with tho heavy naval guns nnd four brigades of cavalry, marched hero to-day, and wo aro now just across the Zand River. Tho enomy aro still holding a strong position, but wo are gradually pushing them hack. Wo aro now about 70 utiles from Krooneiad, lately proclaimed by Mr. Steyn tho now capital of tlio Orango Freo State, and where tho Volksraad met only a couple of weeks or eo for tlio first, and probably last, tlmo. Events are certainly now marching rapidly, for, with Kroonstad In our grasp, our occupation of the Orange Free Stato will bo practically com plete, and wo shall bo freo to cross tho Vaal River and carry tlio war Into the Transvaal. FROM ZAND RIVER TO KROONSTAD.' HEADQUARTERS OF LORD ROBERTS, May 14, 1909. — When tho British troops crossed tho Zand River on Wednesday last, few wore found sangulno enough to hopo that within throe days we should bo in Kroonstad. It was confidently hoped that Iho enemy would have put to good advantago tho oxcollent cover afforded by tho i somi-clrelar lino of kopjes, often connected by doep spruits, in closo proximity to the Vaal soli e | Rivor, along which they had been nt pains to : throw un ontrcnchmcnts. That they did not . do so is striking ovldenco of tho vacillation which beyond doubt now exists In their camp, and goes to show that for the moment at any rate I they aro lighting without spirit and without I heart. Recent experiences ot infantry charges and cold steel seem to havo Inspired them with a wholesomo dread of a near acquaintance with our troops; nnd our artillery, in point of num bers and length of range, Is so efficient that tho Boers shirk from any Impact with tho grand army under Lord Roberts. Tho positions north of tlio Zand, held on Thurs day morning by the Boers, oxtendod along the wholo lino from General Ian Hamilton's position on tho east to Goncral Mutton's position on tho west. ny nn early advnnco ou tho preceding nlglil, tho Clieshires occupied tho river lied ili- rectly iu Lent of General Tucker, whilo Druco Hamilton sont tho Devonshlres towards tho same on his front. General Hiitton advancing along the railway, encountering no opposition at tlio river. With him was General Gordon's Lanoor brlgado, and behind followed General Pole-Carew's Ninth lancers, which formed tho ndvanco guard. Tho first opposition ciuno from a farm houso north of tho river, where thero was an exchango of shots, Only llio mounted troops advanced, until thoy came under slioll firo, where our pom poms wore broiiglil Into action. But tho enemy refused to bo drawn nny further, and for tlio rest of tlio day lliey disappeared. On tho conLro nnd right, howovor, tilings were moro lively, and hero tho Boors niado somo show ot standing, GENERALS TUCKER AND BRUCE HAMILTON. General Wavell'n brlgado formed tho ndvanco guard ot General Tucker, while General Bruco Hamilton, led hy the Sussexs, advanced on a parallel to tho Boers' position. Our left faced a high anil partially-wooded kopje, and on a ridgo which continued halt-way lo tlio enemy's position wo placed ono gun and n pom-pom. Gcnoral WavcH's brigade then advanced to at tack tho Boer right, anil as they did so wore sub jected to an accurato pom-pom firo, ns woll as shell and shrapnel. But tlio advance cnlinl.v continued, and was supported hy a Maxim of Lho South Wales Borderers, which poured u deadly firo Into tho onomy's ranks. This was too much for tliem, and lu 10 minutes' tfmo this portion of thoir forco wan In full retreat. Tlieir left, how ovor, still held out against Goncral Bruco Hamil ton on two low, rocky kopjoa, on which thoy had placed tliroo guns, and as our troops advanced ucross tho plain they encountered a heavy shell fire. Still on they wont, and when within 500 yards of tho kopjes tho Sussexs, with a ringing cheer and fixed bayonets, charged tho lilll. It was a grand rush, aud successful, loo, driving iho enemy pell- mell in full retreat, and followed by a I hot, scathing firo poured among tho runaways. The Boers then continued a half-hearted, running fight, not once again making oven tho ghost of an attempt to withstand our irresistible advance. General Ian Hamilton's mounted Infantry was moan whilo driving tho enemy's left Into tlio centre, who, after a fow miles of retreat, again extended. But they wero already beaten, if not demoralised, and nightfall saw tho wholo of our columns encamped on tho north sldo of tho rUCr" GENERAL FOLE- CAREW. Ou Fridny Lord Roberts' headquarters woro I with General Pole-Carew's division, at Geneva I Siding, 34 miles from Kroonstad and about six | from Boschnjid, where tho Boers wero then holding an entrenched position. Wo had marched 1 20 miles during the day. General Tucker's divi sion was a short distance south-cast, and Gene ral Hamilton's forco still further east. General French's cavalry, which had seized a drift on llio Vaalscho lllver tho previous afternoon, was somo way to our north, nnd the lino of railway had been secured, practically uninjured, between Gene ral Siding aud Reltspruit. Wo had also taken about 100 prisoners during the last lew days, and nearly all the farms along tho lino ot routo were flying whlto flags. I Iloncoforward our march was unopposed. At 1 S.30 on Saturday morning wo wero at Boschiuid, and found that tho enomy liad evacuated thoir first lino of entrenchments (luring mo nigiu. mo rest was a moro parade, and shortly after noon on tho same day Lord Roberts rodo triumphantly Into Kroonstad. Ills bodyguard on this occa sion was composed entirely of colonials, 'lliera headed khe historic procession, followed by Gene ral Polo- Carow's, tho Naval Brigade, and com panies of tho Royal Artillery and Royal Engi neers. Tho scene was a brilliant one. Ino mon camo with bands playing, and tlie Union Jack was hoisted amongst tho cheers of tlio Bri tish rosidonts. Kroonstad is a picturesque Uttlo town of 601U? 3000 Inhabitants, situated about 127 miles by fall from Bloemfonteln nnd 1G0 miles from Pretoria; It Is tbo centre of a rich ngrl- cultural district, and liaB somo reputation as a . health and pleasure resort. With the occupation of Kroonstad, tlio war enters upon a new, nnd it is to bo hdped Its final, stage. Tho occupation of Its second and most Important town means the collapso of the Fret State, and though guorilla warfare may for a tlmo bo carried on, any further effectual opposi tion' from Steyn's burghers Is out of the question. Meanwhile, Steyn himself has Ucd to Hellbron, and In less than as many months the capital of the Orange Freo Stato has been changed for a secuud time: OUR FORGES IN. THE SOUTH-EAST. THABA; N'CHU, May 11.— Sinco tho relict of Wepener the military operations In tlio soui'n- eastern portion of tho Orango Freo Stato have been centred around Tbaba N'Chu. It Is In this immedlnto neighborhood that tho divisions under Generals bundle and Chermonde, on tho one hand, nnd of General Brabant on tho other, are over on ttio alert for any dlvorslon on tho part of some 300 Froo Stato Boers and somo hundreds of rebels, who up to a fow days ago wero reported to bo located In a 10-mllo seml-clrcular area, extending from Thaba Patsol Mountain nnd skirting lho eastern sldo ot Thaba N'Chu-hlll, aud ilicnce round Korranaberg to Ficksburg. Their move ments, however, have shown much Indecision, and the news of Lord Roborts' occupation of Kroon stad will probably mako thoir undoubted vacilla tion all the moro conspicuous in tho futuro. Re connaissances on our part have lately been fre quent, aud whilo at ouo time the ouemy wero apparently trekking norlh they woro later known to havo returned closo to Ladybraud, only after a brief delay to onco again rctraco Uiolr steps towards Clocolau, whoro they are now supposed to bo, and where, If report speaks truly, Slcya wishes to rally them for a big stand. For nearly a fortnight, however, they huvo shown no inclina tion to glvo battle, aud it Is perhaps worthy of uoto how closely they aro hugging, so to speak, tho Busutoland border. Their mobility seems as groat as ever, and it Is difficult to say with any confidence whoro thoy may turn up next. Mean- whilo, Genoral Rundlo's troops aro disposed ovci a front extending for about 20 miles, nnd General Brabant's aro advancing towards Cioeolnn nnd PlatbergvThe onomy will probably be soon obliged to fight, or elso find themselves being gradually pushed hack. In tho lattor case, it seems reason able to suppose that thoy may aim at Joining tho commandos on tho Natal border, 111 lho neighbor hood of Van Ueenon's Pass. THE BRITISH FORCES IN NATAL. GENERAL BULLER'S HEADQUARTERS, May 16\. — For tho past seven or eight months the whole of the north-western portions ot tho colony cl Natal liavo been overrun hy tho enemy; hut that tlie days of tlieir occupation are numbered is fore shadowed hy the rapid advance which has been made by General Butler's forces during the past weelc. On tlio 10th inst. tho Third Cavalry Bri gade, tho Second Division, and somo corps ol artillery, under tho UlrccL command of General Bailor himself, woro concentrated at Sunday's River Drift, while at tlio samo tlmo Colonel Bcthunc advanced from Grcytown with his oivu corps, tho Uiuvoti Mountod Illllos, and the Ini- 