RITE'S SUSPICION- H . fU »f Mar«h,-18e3. a uchooner, ?.. between New Guinea and anchored off Turtle a oreiLt. distance south of 0 York the most northerly point of " .Ktralian continent. , , tUnim crnft did not go within a mile of .raSed coast line, for the. wind blew J lblr from the east, making the posi- .nratker damgerous. boo? a boat was lowered, and pre ens mad# to land a party, and aridently not In search, of water or A large amount of stores and fooa' were put Into the boat, and SSfSr nfc 0V€r 1:116 Se already the same number Of sail- were seated in the small craft. Hooe you'll strike It rich, Wilson, observed the skipper, as he leaned over Weought to if all Jaynes says is The' bfacks are treacherous devils wpibouts. and would like nothing bet- than to make a meal of the lot Be ireful, bovs, and keep your weather open. I'll uot be up here again for , month, hut with what. you can get uhore you ought to. have plenty of ' Pull away there, lads, for the Jrind is strsngthsning," he concluded. Is Captain Evans spoke, the boat was stored off, and good wishes were shout- to th« departing men by those on boarSi . pi four who wore loaving the sclioo- nfr were New Guinea prospectors, who had left - that malarial "island disap pointed with their lack of luck. Their names were Joseph Wilson, Edward James, John White, and Alfred Young. Xbey had met at Woodlark Island, and became mates. Jaynes used to often speak in a mys terious way of rumors which had reach ed him regarding rich mineral deposits on the Queensland coast near Turtle Head. Evidently lie believed tbe.state- ment, and soon impressed his comrades p-ith the same idea. At length the four men determined to seek , the new El Dorado. Jutting out on a mud flat grew _ a dense belt of mangrove, which the boat had difficulty impenetrating, until, after; coasting a short distance, the pullers found a broad creek, which they en tered. This gave them a passage, but tho umbrageous overgrowth .threw a ghost; ly gloom around. The malaria of tro pical fever and ague, fostered by, the sweltering sun, which flamed -fiercely in the zenith, could almost be distin guished in the vapors which rose from the putrid mud. "This isn't a healthy spot to be in,"- remarked one of the sailors. "But we're not going to look for gold about here. Back in- the ranges it is healthy enough," responded Jaynes. f " Don't forget us, mates, if you make a rise," added another seaman with a laugh. " If w drop on a field there'll be room enough for all," replied Jaynes. . "Only we'll have first cut,"' added. Wilsen. By this time the boat bad got through jths forbidding jungle aud reached a point in the creek where beautiful tro- pleal roge'tatisn clothed the ranges whisk rese on either side. "We must drop you here, mates,-. or the skipper will be leaving without us. Pull in, lads," spoke one of the sailors. Turning to a shelving part of .the bank the work of unloading was quickly 'car- tied ont, and within ten minutes the party and their stores were landed.: With cordial handshakes the boats crew took their leave, and soon disap peared in a turn of the stream, .Meanwhile Wilson bad climbed a slope and selected a site for camp, admirably situated for defence against hostile blacks, though the men had little fear of them. It was sunset before the camp. pre; parations were complete, the 6tores carefully packed away, and then all the party were ready for sleep. The pre caution was taken, however, to keep watch during the hours of darkness. On the following day arrangements were made to carry out prospecting in the country to. .the west Jaynes pos sessed a rough kind of map, or rather cruda drawings, and according to these, the supposed mineral field lay ten miles south-west of Turfcla Head, on the side- of a high range. After a consultation it was agreed that two men should remain at . the camp to guard It while .the other couple took up the search. Wilson . and Jaynes, as the two most experienced miners, agreed to go in company, while White and Young did camp work For a week this division of labor was maintained, and then the two latter be- cama restless. Rightly or wrongly, they concluded that their mates were not acting squarely by them. This sus picion at length grew into a. certainty asthey discussed the matter, . " . . fco far Wilson and Jaynes had not dis covered anything of importance. TJLt- , least they told the camp .men that ; but the latter secretly doubted the state- ment. They often saw the 'two whis pering together, and determined to set ntvatchj On the morning of the 18th' March; after the prospectors had left tlie camp, loung stealthily followed them. So w nothing had been seen of blacks, and danger, in that direction was des pised. Young had not previously been- more an two miles from head-quarters, and as but a poor bushnjan. For nearly an hour hekept the miners in sjgjat, and \- e passing through a dense- llt tu ining scrub, they got from view. - ttm ? u£ed n-bout, losing his .wits in f..m Attempt to . get into daylight ii bo . »lom which enshrouded- him,. Th U1)0U sPy . that he was lost. \- thought only made him more des- hic like a madman, he forced' Along, not knowing whither he ftm1 .2® could pot locate the sun, Worsen momeilt his position became fnM,ifeiuaon 'hite looked anx/oualy ipin,.,iiC0jnra(le" Yie expected bim to mioti\ re the two prospectors, who snspieious if tbey found liim nt on their coming back to camp, lurt tt moraeft his anxiety increased, saw . amnnted to perv.oupess as he lnn . Sou aPd Jaynes cjimhing the -'ope just before sunset. " . iliivf-f, regai'fGd them suspiciously as ft timl if.ff' ,Jut salci nothing, and for tic'cfl v of the newcomers no- soa S,ence" At Wil- in- meal- y sat down to the even- ijhere's Alf ?» wtiirnfi'ilruf011 mi»ht' have met him," !n v«nr ,r ' evasively. " He went foc :ame" n SOme tim? aS<>.to look There ain't; ded ahout as we know of," ad- twilight deepened Into White trouical suddenness had mpf. f f!0 COflviuced tliat his mate at WikL f th, toul Play, and he looked the brand n aynes as though to seek Yet fi.i+ n them. Yliey beti-aPd"1 DOt a.ct iis uilty men v an evi(tent anxiety as Sgestinn Qf Young, and on the occasional shots were fired at derer Nervals to attract the wan- it pr t . . > 'iiutif Lf,st hi,s way" spoke Jaynes, ia ti,fesn t turn up we'll run him This u moimng." rslised fff fiostined to: be fa'led to aicf closest search" next day a week th„ ei" the Iost man- For ram. ae <l«esfc was maintained in fixed iaww ,time the idea became bees 8 mina that Young had on Witew-and % sil«ncea for over. taaBIi ssarefc ; ; — fearing that his own death would be encompassed if/ho. voiced it The awful feeling caused him tp be come a moody man, and at night he scarcely slept. A touch of dengne fever- succeeded, and when Captain Evans re turned with the schooner to take off the unsuccessful prosuectors White looked the skeleton of his former self. . He was, in fact, seriouslv ill. A couple of days after being taken on board First Mate Jones approached the captain with a serious expression on liis face. " White is a little delirious, captain," lie began. " Yes ?" " He keeps sayiue that Wilson and Jayues murdered Youug." " Ab !" " Yes. Can't get it out of his head. There may be something in it, too," continued the officer. " There may be. Such things are done, and White ought to have a good idea of his mate's disappearance. Bet ter keep the matter quiet. I'll go to White's bunk shortly and hear for my self," concluded the skipper. ; The result of the interview was that when the schooner reached Cooktown twenty-four hours 'afterwards Evans told the authorities whsi .had heard. No two men were ever more complete ly astounded than. Wilson and .Taynes when they found themselves in the hands of the police on a charge of hav ing wilfully murdered Alfred Y'oung. Of course tbey protested their inno cence, but the affair looked suspicious. On one pretext and another the sus pects were remanded from week to week while the authorities hastily des patched a well-eauinoed search, party, to Turtle Head. Nine days after their arrival there the expedition were fortunate enough to dis cover Youhg with a tribe of blacks some twenty miles inland. He had not been ill-used in any way. but treated as well as the resources of the tribe would permit. A small parly of the blacks bad found the lost man lying unconscious in a deep, gnlly fully ten miles from his camp. For several weeks he was quite unable to look after himself, and that fact probably, saved his life. The ab origines regard the mentally unsound -with awe. : . The discovery, of course, overjoyed Wilson and Jaynes, for it removed a fearfnl stigma, 'if not danger, from tliem. > 