A NOBLE,SACRIFICE. CHAPTER XXX. (Continued.) Ethel sat with clenched hands trying to still the throbbing of her heart; then she looked round. The well of the court was filled with barristers, and amongst theni the great London counsel, Mr: Sewcll, the man whose aeutcness and eloquence had' sent many a maw to the scaffold. Beside hiui she saw—and her heart throbbed again—the terrible London solicitor whoso proud boast it was that no malefactor upon whom his legal claws had fixed had ever slipped through them! She looked for Mr. McAndrew, but he was nowhere to be seen. Then she looked towards the dock, and as she did so there was a stir and a murmur of excitement, and Harold Faradenue entered! Pale and haggard, worn thin by the confinement of his cell and his sleepless nights though lie was, there was still the look in his dark eyes which, when she had lirst seen it, had drawn her heart irresistibly towards him: and it drew her now. He raised his eyes and looked round at the judge and jury and the counsel, and he saw her. She, if no one else, saw the light that flashed for a moment from his graveoyes, and the colour that passed swiftly over his face. Obeying an impulse she did not try to resist, she raised her veil, and looking at liim steadily, bowed her head with tlie deep tespccl which only a . woman can convey in a bow. Every eye in court saw it, and a thrill ran through the crowd. Faradeane's lip quivered, and his hand grasped the front of the dock, but he did not acknowledge her salutation 'in any other way. " By Ilc.iveo, she'll believe in liitn if they bring him in guilty twice over!" muttered Colonel Summerford to the solicitor. That gentleman merely shrug ged his shoulders. Then the usher cried, " Silence !'' a deep hush fell upon the court, and the elerk rose to rend the indictment. " Pris oner at the bar, do you plead ' guilty,' or ' not guilty ' ?" he demanded'. One could have heard a pin drop, so intense was the silenc as all breathlessly awaited the answer. It came— " Guilty." A murmur arose, a dull sound of amaze ment. " Silence !" The judge leant forward, and regarded the calm, set face with grave attention. " Do yon plead guilty, prisoner he said in the slow judicial tone, impartial, almost insentient. " Where is the counsel for the defence 1" " I desire no counsel, my lord," said Faradeane, in a voice that, though low, was distinct enough to reach the remotest corner of the court. The judge looked at hiiu thoughtfully for the space of a moment. "Do you say that you are undefended "I have 110 defence, my lord," came the response, almost apathetic in its calm weariness. Ethel's heart seemed to stand still. She clutched her father's ami. " Father ! father!" " Hush!" he said, and looked towards the judge. •' Prisoner, are you sensible of the aw ful position in which you stand ? I fear not. But it is my duty to see you have a lair trial without roar or favour. iri&n; the sense of my responsibility upon me, I take upon myself to advise you to with draw that plea "and to permit counsel to defend you. Mr Edgar," and he leant forward and addressed a young barrister, " will you defend the prisoner 7 " The young eoung ;1 sprang to his feet at once, and bowed to the judge. " I will my lord !'' He made his way to the front of the dock, and looked lip at Faradeane. '• You are uiad !" lie said, in to low a voice for those around to hear. " We plead ' Not guilty,' uiy lord," lie added firmly. Faradeane made a slight jgestnro"of resignation ; and Mr Sewell, the famous London counsel, rose, hitched his robe on to his shoulder, and commenced his address. The judge leant jback; the deep hush once more settled upon the court. " My lord, and gentlemen of the jury: I shall not have to detain you loDg with the recital of this tragic story. I shall in the fewest and plainest words, consistent with my paintul duty, recount so much of the history of this case as can be sworn to by trustworthy witnesses, who, if they did not actually see tlio crime committed —and how seldom are there any witnesses present at the precise moment the blow is struck, the shot fired !—who, if they were not actually present at the fatal moment, arrived almost before the_breath had left the body of the victim." Then in well-balanced sentences, and in a grave, solemn voice, lie told the story of the finding of the dead" woman, and the prisoner's presence near the body, together with the discovery of; the re volver bearing his name. The judge glanced now and again at the pale, composed face of the prisoner, and the crowd marked that though lie kept his eyes fixed on the ground, his face showed no sign of fear or emotion. " I shall call witnesses who will prove these facts,...as I submit, irrefutably. And now, my lord, I come to tlio point which doubtless you and the gentlemen of the jury have been waiting for—the question of motive. Why should the prisoner, a man of evident refinement, a gentleman on behalf of whose character my learned friends, his counsel will no doubt bring a cloud of witnesses, commit his crime? My answer is : because she was his wife " A thrill ran through the court, and as the crowd seemed to stir and sway with astonished excitement, a faint cry rose from Ethel's lips. Faradeane heard it, and for a moment he raised his eyes and looked at her, a look that pleaded for' forgiveness, for mercy. White as a ghost, she clung to her father's hand. "It—it—is true ! she breathed. " His wife, the woman who, iu a mo ment of passion as unreasoning as that in which he slew her, lie had sccretly married. It does not become any man to speak ill of the denil; but, gentlemen of the jury, it will be uiy painful duty to produce evidence to prove that the tie which the prisoner had in a rash moment contracted with the dcecascd was of so galling, so unendurable a nature that lie was compelled to fly from her. Most uien would have severed the bond. The prisoner could have sought and obtained a release in the Divorce Court, for she had given him eaiise ; but there were reasons why such a step should be unac ceptable to him. My lord, gentlemen, up to the present we see in the prisoner only an ordinavy|private gentleman, living in a quiet country spot secluded from the eyes pf the .world. But . such was not always his -position. The prisoner-has not always borne the name of; Harold Faradeauc, and it is my painful duty to ask you to recognise in hiin tlie person of the Earl of Clydesfold!" A murmur quite audible, and not to be suppressed, rofc from the crowd. The barristers put their heads together, the judge leant forward and looked at the prisoner. " The Earl of Clydesfold," went from lip to lip. Ethel'nttcrcd no cry, but sat white and statuesque. (To be Continued.) 