THE WHITE STRIPE BY EDWARD KEMP. I. Once in my lite I hod to pi a v the pirt of Nemesis in a tragedy. Once, I say, but after all if one believes in Predestination, one i* always taking an essential share in working out the catastrophe of a play, supplying nflressiiry links, though they may bo small ones, in the chain of events ilia! leads up 10 the great acts of life. \ put we are not always on ine stage wnen tne inriu ing moment arrives. And on this occasion I held it jwj h only two other ac ore, or three, including the horse, end I was the unconscious instrument of retri iiiMpn. I don't wish to repeat the part, tbough, I suppose, if Providence wants me, He woq't give any ?warning beforehand. He likes to take His players by surprise, and make them play extempore. It is strange, looking back on the chain of events that led up tj the final scene, to see how naturally and easily they followed one another. I moved through my part an innocently as a child. I was like a simple person fin the hands of a clever conjurer, who makes him 'choose cards and think of numbers at random, and at ?the end of the trick leaves him eaping to find that all the time he has been carefully steered along a well beatan track, and tbat all his careless choices have been deliberately imposed on him. For instance. I found mvself tbree years ago spending a few days at a village which lies on the 'border of the newly*opened Mahutu district. 1 held ' a commission from n weekly.paper to ride through the Tmsh country (the land was newly surveyed and clearing not yet begun) and strike civilisation by the Great North Koad on the f ? rlher side. To do this I wanted a good borse and I hud brought 'toy own with me by train, but she had strained a sinew on the journey and was quite unfit to travel. That was what delayed me. 1 had to look out for another at my starting place, Warrington. Warring - ?top was a district of 6tnall settlers, and all the horses that I could eee were altogether unequal to my weight 'over the long and rough week's travelling that lay be fore me. I I had been waiting several days at the hotel. In two more there was to be a sale of stock in the village, and]! I failed to find what I wanted, rhec, I should be in a nice difficulty. : I whs sitting on the verandah of the hotel the day before the eale, yawning away the time, when a man 'rode slowly past on a Hack horse. Under other circumstances I might have taken no 'particular notice, but for two reasons my attention was caught. It was a good strong horse, and moved well ; I had Been nothing which I liked better since 1 came to WarringLon.and it was very curiously marked, 'being coal black, except for a white stripe like a rope's end across the withers, just in front of the peak of the saddle. ; It made the horse unmistakeable after a single i glance. : . It suggested a throw back to a zebra ancestor ! i I was sufficiently impressed by the appearance of -the horse to make inquiries of the landlord. He said Hbathekneiy him. lie belonged to an agent who Hived in the village, and kept a large staple for his [work, which took him much about the country. So ifar as he could remember, t ,e agent had only had the horse a month or two. He did not suppose he would 'wish to sell him, That was all I could learn. . But the first thing I saw at the sale next day was 'the ho»e with, the white stripe. He was standing haltered at the end of a lopg row ;of dejected animals, cqueezed tightly together and 'drooping their heads $n a steady rain, which was : enough to lake the spirit put of a free man, much less 'a purchasable slave in the extremity of changing ?band* for better or worse. j White stripe was lens dejected than tbe rest. He pricked his,eare and looked rou'd as I approached him, land 1 saw the mild gleim of his dark eye, I He submitted cheerfully to an inspection, and '.showed a friendly dispo.i' ion when I came nearer and ;took tbe liberty of eiuminiug his uioutb, legs, &c.; 'From what I saw now, and what I remembered of him {.yesterday, I was well satisfied with tbe horse. There' was only one point which I remarked jespemHy. He earned tbe marks of very hard spurring, '»«d the hair had not yet had time to grow over the ??scars, : Voder »ny other circumstances tiut ra»i*ht have 'made me cautious and uneasy, but I was too hard* ] pressed for time to be over critical. The horse was put 1 up. The auctioneer g*ve out tuat he was the property ot Mr. L—— , the egeni, who wished to reduce his stable, and was, on that account, only parting with th; horse. Finally he was knocked down to me at a good price. I started next day, and the horse carried me well over my appointed journey. A week later I struck the North Road, and if only remained for ins to make the best of my way home. By midday I had come to a point where a side track branched oil' and crowed the ranges on my right, touching these i coast at the post of Tarleton. If I went straight forward I should not reach tbe sea till the fo lowing day, but my coa»tln* voyage home woul be shortened by the whole length of the peninsula. On the other hand, if I crossed the ranges and caught a boat at Tarleton to-u'ght or early to morrow, I might save a day. Against that I bad to set the chances of a bush track in the early spring— and the winter rains hid lasted lute, I did not know this track, but I was well accustomed to bush travel ling. I had a good howe upder we, and if my map were right, I had barely 10 miles between me and the coast. From the forking of the roads I had seen the ranges going up like an ivied wall before me, and the led*e of the track slashed aoroes them in a long slant. ' Evidently bis share of tbe welcome had finished,' The road stemed well marked and easy, ho I took tbe hazird— and hit. I found that the track w/w In some places deep in wet clay ; in qthers it had half slipped awar down the woadsd precipice. When I was half way to the top I was met by an embracing mist, and said my last farewell to tbe sunshine that floadod tbe plains at my feet. A-9& when I had at last crossed the ridtre I found the track winding downwardTnile after mile into the depths of interlocking hills. Overhead the mist hung heavy from the steep valley walls ; an arcade of dripping tree ferns c!o ed in up in me im mediately above ; from below rose up tbe roar and ru-sh of an invisible torrent, and the path continually descenled and descended. The hill tops pressed closer and more im minent overhead, the forest became denser, and overwhelmed one on every side with an ocean of myriad shades of green. Tbe sense of mystery nni gloom deepenei as tbe light began to fail. I cm Id see nothing through th-j Ucework of the fern but the green surface of an invisible fore it world, and the calling1 of mist that shut off the secrets of the sky. The wet and splashy track seemed endless. At last, just on the verge of night, the mist was whirled up, as though an invisible hand had snatched away a veil. Only a few torn shreds remained, and the 3 ) were stained with sunset rod, and streamed like wild banners from t'ae tree- crested peaks. I could not have miss d my way. for I had seen no by-paths. But, wherever the fault lay, herd I was at sunse; on a tired horse, still stumbling through the depths of a forest without any visible prospect of being near my journey's end. I ought not to throw any blame upon niy'horce, for he h*d carried me nobly, and still pressed forward through the boggy path with a wonderful spirit, though frequent stumbles showed' hie weariness. At last .'—and thankful I w«s the hfiU begun to open out, and with thatctraa a clear sky and a rising moon. Then the bush thinned out, and at last I wat among tall tea-trees, which hedged the path so closely tbat the surrounding landscape was quite invisible. The tea-tree ended suddenly. We were oat on aa open moor, a windless night, ani a starry sky over head, and, right before me, ' lay a great wa'er, and the moon was full.' The openness of the land and the clearness of the sky were inspiriting. I pushed more cheerfully on, though I could distinguish nothing ahead but the dark moirhnd and the distant glittering ocean and then came another check. The pith split into half a dozen tracks, which eeemed to diverge rebelliously into half u dozen directions. That broke down my patience. I saw no chance ot making Tarleton before midnight, and I became reckless and querulous. ' Deuce take the idiot who made the track,' I called out aloud, as 1 pulled up tbe horse at the junction. My horso would not stand, however. 1 twice baited him, jerkiog angrily at the bridle, and again he thrust dowu his head to release the pressure of the bit, and started eagerly forward. I' turned my impatience upon him. 'Won't you aland f ' said I. ' Then go where you please. It is all one to me.' He took me at my word and s'arted off again at a fast walk, taking the right-hand track without any liesita ion, a3 though he know it well. He carried me for the best part of an hour at a fast steady walk, which needed no urging, along a rough cartway through the tea-tree. Clearly this was not the Tarleton road. It seemed to be seldom used. I cx pecLed that it would lead to nothing better than a shepherd's whare, or at best some small bush farm, I was even prepared for an uninhabited hut, built for casual purposes at the further extremity of a large run. Whatever it was, I fully intended to throw niy seli on the mercy of the owner, for 1 was dog-tirei alter a week of hard riding and rough comfort. Even as I rode along the open track I felt myself dropping into a doze. The reins hung loose, and my fingers were renting idly on the pommel of the saddle. Ihe influence of tbe moon, which I saw glittering through my hfilf-closed eyelids, thesigh of a li^hl breeze ov^r the heath, and the even pad of the horse's hoofs on the sandy track all soothed me into a sleepy trance. Then uiy horse stopped, and I awoke with a start. He was standing at a gate in a fence. With th$ disagreeable eensa'.ion of being roused from the soothing warmth of sleep into the realities of a world of cold moonlight, I rolled out of the saddle and unfastened the flax by which the gate was tied. Beyond was a rough paddock, half grass, half tea tree and fern, and 1 could see a yellow light twinkl ing at tbe other side, ' Well, if you find yourself at borne take me to the front door,' said I to my horse and dropped the rein once more. But be hesitated at last, j ust where the road branched into two. A hollow in the land pre vented me from distinguishing the bouse; so I forced him into the right hand truck, and we passed over the ridge. On the other side we found ourselves at the stable door— a stable by courtesy, that is to say. It was merely a rough whare with a candle box nailed to tbe side us a manger, and a set of very old end rusty harness hanging on the wall. 1 dismounted at tbe door, and my horse walked of his own accord into the shed and began munching at the handful of musty chaff which he found in the corners of the box. II Well,' thought I, ' jou have brought me to a destination of some kind, with which1 you peeru familiar enough. I must not blame you if you think first of your own com Sort.' Ihere was no rope in the shed, and no fittings for fastening a horse, except a rusty nait above the box, so 1 threw the end of the bridle over it, and left the horse standing saddled and bridled as he was, for I was too fagged out to think of anything at the moment but the means of a sight' e lodging for myself. My horse would do quite well as he stood for the present. The whereabouts of the house was plain enough. It stood on the same slops facing the sea. Fifty yards below the stable, and in front of it, tbe grass ran down and was lost in a mass of dark tea- tree at tbe bottom, where there might have been a stream. The back was dark, so I went round to the front. I saw at once; as I passed tbe corner of the house, tbat I could expect small comfort here. Tbe moon light ebone full on a little old building, very much the worse for time and weather, a small verandah along the front did not succeed in covering its dilapi dations ; toe verandah itself was tattered, tbe flooring was rotten, and there were holes in several of the planks. Some of the sheets of tin which formed the roof had become unfastened and turned up at tbe corners like pieces of sun-dried paper. Yea, the bouse seemed wretched and blank enough, and locked out over a blank landscape. There was no garden; tbe rough paddock worn bare just around the house started from the walls and sloped blankly away in front down to the dark mass of scrub, where the wild tea. tree began again. Still tbe orange light shone in the window on the left of the door, through a bit of red cloth hung up I roughly on a string, as it appeared. I walked up the I crazy steps and hammered at the door. A sudden 1 movement within, then silence. I Inmmered ajrain. I Another pause. Then heavy steps along the boards. 1 Tbe door opened slowly. On the steps, holding a 1 tallow candle, stood a gaunt-looking in in with a black I fringe under his chin. He was dressed in nothing but 1 a shirt, and looked vacantly out, as though he had just awakened. He was not the least affected by trs scanty dress. He just stood there holding the candle above his head, barelegged, barefooted, and bareheaded, and looked at me with a grim stare. 44 What do you want ?' said he, closing histhin lips firmly directly he had finished speaking. He looked very gaunt and haggard and tragical standing thus, with the light above his head making great shadows round his eyes and in the hollows of his cheeke. There wa? nothing ludicrous about him. He was like the stage direction in Shakespeare — Kntcr Macbeth ia his night shi t. ' A shakedown for the night, or at least a place -o sleep. I missed my way on the Tarleton track ; I have left my horse up at your whare.' I wa* to» tired to eater into long explanations, and tbe manner of the man in the door did not encourage them. But he still stood looking hard at me. I 1 could not read in his face whether he feared or sus pected me. His face was quite impenetrable. At last he said ' It's only eight mile to i'arleton.' I was ready lo burst, out into abuse, my nerves were weak with fatigue. But I held my temper in and said harrhly, 'If you can't give me a floor to sleep on, Til spend the night in the whare; I am not going to Tarleton to-night.' He sf 111 stood glooming at me. I was on the point of relieving my impatience by striding down tht. steps, and bidding him farewell with a sarcastic expression of gratitude, when he overcame his doubt, stepped back and held I he door open for rue saying : ' Well, young man, you can come in.' He stopped me as I entered the passage, aud told me to wait a minute. Then he enti red the door on the left, where the light whs, and I heard him say ia the same stern voice. ' It's a youtig man lost his way; t'lere's nothing to fear, man,' and th n I heard a long gust like an exaggerated sigh of relief. Theie was silence for a few minutes, and then the man with the candle stepped back iu to tbe passage. Again he stood looking at me, as though doubtful wbat to do with me next. At last. ' Do you want any food, young man ? ' ' Thank you,' said I as pleasantly as I could manage, ' I have had nothing since midday.' ?' Tnen you had better come in Lerty' sajs he grudgingly, going into the lighted room before me with the candle. Such a wretched place. The rough boards along tbe walls seamed with staring chinks;, Everything of the roughest, a table, a bench, and a very low home-made cbair, with a wooden seat and a straight back; the floor thick with the dirt of halt the winter ; rusty farm tools flung along the sides, and in the corners ; a gun on tbe mantelpiece. The only cheeiful sign was the flicker and bla/.e of a roaring fire of logs in the great open hearth. By the fire sat another man, but he held his head turned away as though he did not desire to be seen, and his hands gripped tightly the rungs of the low chair. It was a curious constrained attitude. 1 noticed his clothes were thickly stained with mud. My friend of the shirt and candle pointed to tbe table. ' Eat what you want,' said he. But the sight of the food nearly took away my appetite ; it was nothing but some rusty scraps of meit tossed into a plate like dog's food, and the wreck of a loaf lying on the bare boards. There were two dirty knives, no fork?, no cloth, nothing to mitigate the bare simplicity of bread and meat, and tbe table was marked with the relics of ancient meals. When the man in the shirt had indicated tbe meal to me, he went into the darn corner by the fireplace, and lay down on a heap of fern, covered with a tew rugB, and turned his face to the wall. Evidently bis share of the welcome was finished. ' As for tbe other man he remained sitting with his face turned away. There was tomethiog so unblushingjy crude and boorish about this entertainment that a suddeu spring of laughter bubbled up in me. But £ had to restrain it. Down I sat at the end of the tab'e on a home made stool, and satisfied part of my hungpr, amusing myself as 1 did so by studying the backs of my hospiub'e friends, and framing imaginary passages of conversation. It never Qccuned to me to attempt a remark. The silence was too overpowering. It was while £ was fixing my eyes and ray attention on a stubborn piece of meat on a mutton none, that the man by the fire looked round. I felt hie eye on me, but directly I moved mine he returned to hi* old position. 'I won't give you another chance, uiy friend,' thought I, and watched him steadily. He turned his face cautiously again, and my tye caught his and fixed him. His lace was like his brother's, but, Good Heaven, what a difference. 1 said that his brother's face was tragical, but this was the very mask of tragedy and despair. Its lines were less grim and fixed than the brother's, indeed his face waB altogether softer, and yet so white and drawn and hopeless that tbe tragedy 'was far deeper. His hair and whiskers were grey instead of black, though he loooked younger. His eye was wild until I caught it, and then it drooped and bocanie dull and sullen. ' Heaven preserve me from a conscience like yours,' I thought. I did not look for long, and he quickly turned his face, moved his hands and seemed to cover his face with them, and again I heard the same tigh. of relief. Soon after this my meal was ended. What was to be done next ? 1 bad no wish to revive the tragic figure by the fireplace, and the man with the shirt lay motionless with his fa'e to the wall. There was no help for it, I deliberately turns i round to tbe latter, coughed, and said : ' Will you tell me where I can sleep ? ' The reclining man eat up at once, and glanced at the ' other, who remained motionless. lie stared at me for a minute in the same blank way. Then — ' You'll find—' He stopped, glanced at his brother again, rose up in his shirt, took up the candle, and beckoned me to tbe door When I was at his side he stopped and whispered in my ear. '* There's a shake down in the other room.' He opened the door, pointed across the passage, and gave me the candle. I took it and left thankfully. The other room was as desolate and dirty as the first without the relief of the fire. In the corner lay an identical heap of fern with three rough rugs. But ? I was far too tired to criticise or inspect. I flung my self down just as I was. The fern seemed mighty toft and comfortable. And uiy last thought as the haze of sleep closed over me was a parsing gleam of regret for my poor hjree standing patient and supper less in i he dark stable. III. In my di earns I was standing on a woodeu bridge that spanned a chasm among huge overwhelming mountain peaks hung with gloomy forests. 1 was creeping over the middle of the bridge overcome with fear of some unknown danger in the depths below, but my limb i trailed like lead, and. I could not make haste to escape from the dangerous passage, and when I was no further than, the centre, I heard the sound of heavy blows, and I knew that the danger was at work, and the bridge would fall. Blow followed blow, dull and resonant ; the bridge began to quiver, and I awoke in the height of my fear. I 6at up w.th un effort in the midst of the warm heap of fern, and found that the heavy blows were a reality. Somebody or something was pounding and scraping on tbe boards of the verandah, and the whole crazy flooring of the house quivered at each stroke. 1 began vaguely to pondei who or what it could be, but though . the noise was loud and persistent, sleep began again to overpower me as I revolved the ques tion, and I sank back into the eoft fern bed. In another moment, I «as not sitting up, but stand ing wide awake on the floor, and every nerve in me wa- beating time to the gallop of my heart. There was an outcry from the other room shatter ing the dead silence of the quiet night. A dreadful harsh shout, and a constantly repeated phrase : ' Ho's come back, Tom ; he's come back ; he's come back ; he's come back.' 1 could not stand still and li-ten. I rushed at the door. As I opened it, a man burst out from the oppo site side of the passage. It was the same imigeof despair who had sat by the fire in the early part of the evening ; and now the despair was inspired into frantic madness and terror. The front door was shut. He rushed at it and tore it open, and flung it back on the wall with such furv that it quivered' ar\d vibrated, and the whole house shook again. On the threshold he stopped dead ; struck into stone, There was an instant of siler.ee that hurt more than the roar of cannon. My horse was standing half way up the steps saddled and bridled, with one hoof in the act of pawing the verandah floor, his nostrils wide, and his eves strained and showing white. The white mark across bis withers shone out plain in the starlight. Next minute, the man began his outcry again ; the dreadful mechanical repetition. ' He's come back, Tom ; he's come back.' In an instant the horse had swung round with a violent crashing effort ; the man had sprung forward. There was a scuffle. A moment later I saw them tearing across the paddock, the horse with reins fljing gathering himself in a quick gallop ; the man with one hand on the pwnmel of the saddle running by his side in huge strides. The dirkness swallowed them up. Tboy were a mere blot, moving into the greater darkness of the tea-tree. The thud of the hoofs melted into tbe crashing of tbe gcrub at they burnt through \t, and immediately after there was the silence of Ibe keen btirlight, and nothing but. the echo and shook of the violent sounds and eights still ringing in my bruin, an* shaking my nervna. As 1 strained my ears into the dead stillness for another sound, there was a movement behind me which made me turn with a start. There stool the other man, still dressed in tbe same scanty fashion, and shaking from head to foot. That was not surprising. It was the dead hour of night, or near it. and the air was icy cbill. But he was tremb ing with more than cold. He looked almost as terrified as his broker. His cheeke had fallen in more than they were, and his face ' The boy put his hacd to his head, and went down like a tree.' was dead white. His lips were no longer compressed, but had fallen apait, and showed hie teeth clenched together. His forehead was wet with perspiration. We stared at each other foru minute. Then, ' Good Heaven', man ! ' said I, in a half whisker, ' what does this mean ; what's the matter with your brother 'r' He looked fearfully at me, and tried to speak, but could not. He turned and vent stumbling back into the room where were the remains of the fire. It had been roasting hot there the evening before. Now the fire had sunk to ashes ; the icy chill of the nigbt had penetrated, though the air was still impure and stale. Tbe room looked like a. cave. I followed him in, and he sank down on the end of the bench near .the fire, and let his head droop almost to his kneep. So we sat for quite ten minutes without a word. At lust I broke the silence. ' Come, come, man ; we must do * oraething ; what can we do? ' He looked up, and echoed my last words with a different accent : ' What can we do ? ' I thought of some brandy I had left (n the next room. I brought it and he took a long drink, which gave an unnatural flush to his white face, bat had at least the effect of pulling him together. I also drank some, and felt my nerve come back. ' We must follow him into the lea-tree. What is the matter with your brother 'i Is he mad P ' 'God knows.' I rose. ' Ciet eoiueclotb.es on, and come.' He only shook his head. I urged him, but he seemed ready to faint at the idea, and yet the man looked of iron when I first saw him. Finally I left him crouching over the fire in a half stupefied condition, set a-y teeth, and strode out into the starlight. The keen pure air revived me in every sense. I shook off the influence of the cottage, so full of ugly mys ery, while I was crossng the grass under the clearstory By the time I reached the tea-tree I was braced to the full pitch of resolution and nerve which the occasion demanded— high strung if you like, but with every sense alert against panic. There was no difficulty, dark as it was, in following the track which horse and man had ploughed through the scrub. It waved crown high on each side of me, but nothing interfered in my passage except a few feathery twigs brushing across me ; the slems were crushed back and broken by the vio'ent onset. Under foot it was swampy and ciught the glint of stars. They had not gone far. After a hualrel yard* I suddenly came out into a small clearing ia the brush wood. I stopped at the edge by in.stin.ct, for though my eyes were use '. to the darkness, here the high walU ou every side made a deeper glo -m iu the lilt e rootle? s chamber, and in the middle I could only distinguish a dark mass. I mastered a quiver at ray heart and advanced to it. Standing above it h was still indecipherable. I stooped and touched it with shrinking fingers. It was the man's body. He lay on. his face on a patch of wet clay ia the middle of the cleir.'ny. All around it was mass and fern, but here the soil seemed freshly turned. I did not stay lonr. A few minutes told me that he was dead. An effort convinced me tb.it I could not carry him bick to the house unaided. I turne 1 him on his back, and he lay with his arm i spread out;, and his fingers clenched and full of soil. &.s I left the tea- tree I heard the snort and rustic of the frightened horse at the edge of the clearing. When I got back to the house the spare ti-ure of the brother was waiting on the top step of the verandah stairs. ' Well,' siid he, with, a strain in his voice. ' Well,' said I, ' you would not otne down to see if your brother was alive; now you must come and help me with tbeboiy.' Directly I bs^an to speak th; suppressed e -notion of my heart boiled up into anger at tola man whom childish fetr, or worse still, hard con science, bad held back from an elementary duty. .' The boiy,' enid he, his voice breaking aw.iy into a gasp. ' The boiy,' I affirmed. ' It is lying in a little clewing in the tea- tree.'1 He shuddered again yio'ently. I looked hard at his face, but could not see it ; ha rested his hand on tbe verandah post, and the arm threw his face into shadow. ' Well, are you coming P ' ' Not till daylight.' He paused, and then, as if to explain, addel, ' if ho is dead there U no need tt bring him in yef.' I etired at him atterly unable to speak. Suddenly he stood up, and wept back into I ho In i;o, muttering as be did eo, ' Come in hern.' I folio wei him into the old room. Down be sat by the fire in the old crouching attitude, but I was not going to watt on his patience again. I remained standing to show him that this was only a respite be fore further action, and tapped impatiently on the table. Action was imperative. I thought of the pojr body on its bock upon the swampy clay, staring up unwinkingly at the winking stars, and hardened my heirt against the brother's childiBh fear, or whatever it might be. . He lifted bis heal and moved a little. ** 1 cin't go out to-night.' he muttered agiin. My auger blazed up once more, ana I broke into words. 'You can't go out ti-nigut! Then stay here; you'd let bim lie there an! rot. Ycu pitiful, cold Hearted cur. Not another hand will I raise to help you. At any rate he needs your be'p no longer. If my horse were not loose iu the swamp this moment I'd ride away.1' ' Vouu House ! ' A white face turned like a fl ash, and seemed to shine out on me through the shadows, inspired with wild emotion through its {rhastlinesB. I was so taken abick 1 did not answer. ?' Youit horse, man, \ou» horse ! ? ' it s id with violent impatience, approaching ms nearer. My nerves gave way altogether, and I broke out in to mere tcolding. ' M y horse : My horse. Now I'm tired of all this ugly mystery. 1 tell you as soon as it is light I ride into Tarleton, and put the whole business into the right hands. Mr horse ! Did I come here on foot ? Do you turn out your own horses sadd'ei and bridled ? Or do the ghosts of honses climb on to verandahs and nearly shake the house down ? ' fie seemed to take no notice of my railing, ' Tell me, man,' said he, speaking with dreadful earnestness, ' if you rode that horse here, was it for any purple, or was it by accident r 'fell me,' he repeated, '' was it an accident ? ' I could see the whole man's existence hanging on the question ; he spoke from head to foot. ' It's by accident I suppose.' He dropped into the bench like a corpse suddenly released from the hangman's rope. Had it not been there he would have fallen on tbe floor. I gave him a few minutes to recover, and tb-n, my own nerves somewhat relieved by my outburst, I sat down by him and spoke quietly. ' Look here,' said I »ee you take the business to heart. Well, it is a heart-rending affair. I can only do my duty. There's something wrong. That's as plain as daylight. [ shall ride int - Tarleton at diy break, and give the news; there will have to be aninq'iest in any cise. It will make little difference, but it there's anything that can be explained tell me now, and perhaps I can help you. But first we must bring the bedy in.' He turned on me, and omght my arm. '? Not that. I can't do that till davlight.' ' Why not ? ' ' Give me a few minutes and I will tell you.' I waited the few minutes, though it was difficult. Preseutly he lifted his head slowh- and turned to me, his face calmer, though still white' and drawn. ' Man,' said he, ' I don't know you from Adam, but I'll tell you the whole story nnd you can do what yoa will. I'm frei of holding* it ia, it won't be held. It must be brought to the light of diy.' And with long pauses, he told me (I13 broken outl'ne of t he tale. I sat and watched his face. The cork crowed as he befrin, and sooa the first grey light of morning made his features grow out of the shadows. But though there was a whole life's burden in tbe tale it was fioished before the sun was up. IV. ' He and 1 were settled here on this bit of land fifteen years back. We never did a bit of good; it was heart-breaking work. Will — that was my brother — he took to drink. It was lonely out here. We have no neighbour* and I'm a qu;et man. and he liked com pany, so he took to riding into Tarleton, and coining back full. 'Three years baeK. there comes along that boy with the horsa. (He paused at this for several minutes ; all hU old fear seeme! to revive). He wasn't good for mu-:h. He wouldn't tell us where he came from. I needed help, and this fallow was ready to give it for his keep, if we asked no questions. The horse was all he had. He was a su'ky, cantankerous boy. I saw that well emugh, but I'm not a mm to quarrel, if I get my work done. Will, there, was different. He was giy bsfore he took to drink, and then he was wild in liquor and low when he got out of it, always up or down, you understand; and this boy's sulky ways wouldn't go down with him. ' The boy- Eiumett was his name— was fond of his horse. ' iwas about all he cared for, the sulky young wretch, but the horee was like a friend to him and he to the horse. It came to his whittle. He used to stand on the verandah here, and whistle up the florae, and it would climb the steps and come to him. 'Iwas the horse down yonier in the swamp or his twin brother. ' Well, he liked the horse no better than the boy, but. the boy was daugerous When you lifted a hand to the horse ; it vas all he cared for. ' So [ persuaded Will to leave them alone. We got the work out of him, and the horse did no harm. But Will, he hated them both. ' List month it came to a head. Will has be-n drinkicg harder this year, and I have been ready for a row between him and Emmeit. It came la-t month. Will got home drunk, raving mad. He comes up to the verandah steps and there stood Emmett and the horse half nay up the stairs. Will couldn't paee. ' ' Take your cursed horse away,' says he. ' Emmeit looks at him, sulky, 1 ke he always did. Will catches hold of the verandah post -he couldn't stand alone —and kicks the horse in the ribs. ' Emmett jumps past the horse, and down went \\\ ill in the grass witfi the boy's fUt between his eyes. ' Will was raving when he started. He didn't know wbat he was doing. There was an axe by the ver andah post.' Again he paused to collect himself. ' He 6truck him on the temple with tbe blunt end, and the boy put his hand to his head and went down like a tree. There was I standing in the doorway, too late, and the horse looking first at the boy and then at Will. * ' Directly it was done Will caaie sober. He dropped the axe and lifted his hands, and firet he looks at the boy and then at me, frightened like and surprised. ' Then he says quietly — his voice shook a little — ' Tom,' taye he, ' I'm a murderer. It's done now. You can't help it and I can't, and not anything in (he world can alter that. It's on me to the end of my life.' ' Well, he was dazed from that time, and so he re mained, i couldn't give him up ; he was my own brother. So we took the body down to the swamp and made a little clearing and buried it there. 'I made up the story— there was no need. Hardly a soal knew or cared aught about the boy ; he never left thn farm. But I made up the story in my own mind that tbe same day tbat he and Will had quarrelled, Emmett bad cleared out for the goldfields with bis horse. It was all he had. '? The horse was on my mind. I had to get rid of it. We eat all that afternoon in the house, and twice that horse comes up to ihe verandah steps and shakes the house like he alwajs did, and again when the evening began. ' And each time Will trembles like a half cut trep. When it was night I was getting ready to go out and settle the horse, and the 8 rnie thing was on Will's mind, though I didn'ut know it. I was going to speak to him, when suddenly we heard the horse at ihe verandah steps again. Will j niped up. ' ' Oh !' says he ? I can't forget it while that \- brute's there.' ' ' We must shoot it, Will,1 save I. ''No, no! I can't do that.' says he,' I can't murdor. I'll tike it out of the district.1 ' Then he jumps up in a fever as if he couldn't stay still. lie fetched hit; saddle and put on his spurs, and made the horse ready, ail with a rush and his teeth clenched as though he couldn't stand still to think. ''And then he galloped madly down tue path. ' He came oacK after a fortnight, and little enough I knew of that ride. ' He was mud from head to foot, and shrunk into half his size. Lie told me that he only rode by night, and camped in the bush as he wfe in the daytime. He went n-. th over the ranges. ''Heaven only knew if he were mad or not. He swore that all the time he heard Emmett's whistle behind him and the horse kept trying to turn, but Will spumed him raw till be nearly drop pjd under him. He npver dared to turn his own bead. 'I don't know where he sold him.' * * * * But the rest of the story I was able to supply. 