The Oakleigh Ghost. . BT A. AltMITT (Author of "The Garden at Monkholme," &.C.). COPYRIGHT. I. Letter from Mis3 Coninie Wharton to an intimate friend:— "Dear Maggie, — A moat dreadful tiling has- hap-penod. Either are have cot a ghost at Oaklciglli, or Nellie 'thinks we iliave, whidh is just as bad, or maybe worse. "I told you that I was coming to Nellie's for ber birtlulay. She is my cousin, and an awfully nice girl, but rather spoilt, you know; because she has -no mother, and uncle jlist adores her. However, 'lie can't give way to -her in everything. There was a young man whom she wanted 'to marry: his name was Randolph Gurney, lie had very little money, and he luiil never settled down to anything', so Uncle wouldn't hear of lit. Tiie young man went away to America or some where, and -there was some sort of a pro mise not 'to correspond for 'two years. I'm sure I thought that Nellie Iliad forgotten all about it, but -it seems f#he liadmt. "You'll think that I am wandering from my point — from the ghost, in fact — but I'm not; for the young -man is the ghost, which makes tlhe matter so much more serious. "You know that there always has been talk of a gjhost at Oakleigh, not a mice, per manent, comfortable one that you can get used to, but one of the most disagreeable sort — a death -warning. "There is a very old room in tfie house — gloomy — with oak -panels, and all Che 'pro perties' of such a place; and when a person belonging to file family was just dead or just going 'to die, lie or dhc had the unplea sant kalbit of putting an an appearance an this room, and saying something more pi- loss— generally less — -to the point. "We used to boast about this haunted room, but none of us betievcal in it in the least. ' . "Well, on Nelly's biithday ever so many, people were staying, in the- house, and Nelly went to sleep in this, rooto, because it was rather out of the way, and she wouldn't put anyone else in it, It's/at tiie end of a long passage. She's slept there before, and al ways said she liked it. But this night she was rather excited. She'd had a good many presents, some of them anonymous, and she fancied one had come from Randolph, but she didn'-t know which. I expect this set her thinking of him, and dreaming of him. At any rate, she woke just as the clock struck 12— a most unfortunate moment — and there he was, at least his voice was, wishing her many happy returns. "I tell her that it. was just a dream, but she vows that it wasn't. She woke out of a dead sleep; she had a horrid little clock by ber bedside that startled her by striking 12, and as soon as that was done the voice spoke. She says it was Randolph's voice, and nobody else's. "The room wasn't quite dark, because there was a night light burning in the bed side clock that she had received by parcel post that day— a most intricate little ma chine it was; we couldn't 'find out how to wind it up for a long time. And I wish we hadn't found out, because then it couldn't have awakened lier by striking 12 just in the middle of her dream. The worst of it is that she lias dreamed it two nights running, only the ghost didn't say the same thing the second night, but something more in timate, some pet name that she says no one knew except her and Randolph. "I say she dreamed it, but, as a matter of filet, she didn't; she must have fancied it in stead, a much more serious tiling. I got her to sleep witii me the second night, and thought the trouble was over; but I awoke in th dead of the night to find that she had stolen away to meet her gliost. Really, I don't know that it is quite the proper thing, is it? — to have clandestine meetings witli a ghost. And the ghost had kept the ap pointment, though she had lighted all the candles in the room, aud stood in a regular glare, begging the voice to speak again; but it wouldn't. She said I was just too late. The clock struck 12, and then the ghost spoke. "I try to laugh a't her, but I don't like Hie thing one bit. She takes it so seriously, mid declares that Randolph must be dead. She hasn't his address, so she can't write to ask him— if he's alive, I mean. I think imele ought to be told, but Nelly won't let mo speak to liim. She bogs me to wait for another night, because three is a fatal number. „ " 'And if I'm not afraid, and don't turn up the candles, perhaps he'll tell me more to-night,' she says. So silly of her! How ever, if elic sleeps -there again, I sleep there, too. Tiie ghost shan't have Hie game all to himself any more. All the visitors have gone away, so that there is no need to use the horrid room; hut the gliost lias bewitch ed her; she Rays that it's really Randolph, and he's dead. She keeps on saying that, and very uncomfortable it is. I'il let you know to-morrow what lias happened. "Yours affectionately. "Connie Wharton. i.e.— I needn't wait until to-morrow. We liavo seen Randolph's death in the 'Times.' He was on a steamer that went down in a storm two nights ago, about mid night, just at the time when Nelly first dreamt the voice. You may imagine what slio thinks now. I don't know myself what to believe. But I think that dead people ought to stay where they arc, and not to come worrying other people whom they pretend to he fond of. And being so inco herent, tool Why can't they speak plainly if they must speak at all? But I have told uncle — Nelly was quite willing— and he's bound to do something." . CHAPTER n.— INVESTIGATIONS. Mr. Wharton did something immediately. Ho took' his daughter up to town that very afternoon to see a specialist in nervous dis eases. Nelly's assurances and explanations wore thrown aiway upon him. As for the loss of the liner, that was a more coinci dence. \ "She's been thinking of that fellow, and dreaming of him. This happens, and she supposes she had a warning. She told you, did she, beforehand? That's nothing. Girls are always talking to one another of these things. Trbllopo makes 'cm do ' it, and Trollope knew. I wish I'd had the ghost of an idea — dear, dear, dear! I'm afraid to use the word ghost now. It's no use you're talking, Connie; just get her ready and yourself too. You've got to come. The very sight and sound of a lot of sane folks walking nbout will do lier good." So to London they went, hut the great man could not be seen until the following day. Tliey sleptnt a London hotel; but it was very little sleep that Nelly had. She fretted this time, because she couldn't hear the voice.' "He'll think. I've run away from him," she complained. The specialist thought that hers was a distinctly nervous case. Change of air and scene — travel— society — these were to be re commended. She only heard the voice in the one room? Quite so, quite so. The influence of asso ciation or an expectant mood would be suf ficient. She'd better not go back to that room, or if it was necessary to prove the il lusion, let somebody sleep with her there. He .prescribed a nerve 'tonic, and suggested a journey abroad. They returned to Oakleigh, and Nelly took possession again of the haunted room. Remonstrances were useless. She was as eager now to hear the voice as she had be fore been afraid of it. Perhaps she herself hardly knew whether it was a relief or a vexation to her. that Connie was to share lier room. Connie did not like tlie idea at all when it came to the point. .- ' "Nelly may have got used to ghosts," she said to her uncle, "but I haven't." "Upon my word, you "don't mean to say. that you believe there's anything in it?" cried Mr. Wharton. - "I don't know. I hopo there isn't. But the coincidence was odd, nfter all." And the next morning Connie declared that there was something in it. "She doesn't dream it," she said. "The voice speaks. That horrid clock strikes, and then it begins." "What does it say?" "Oh, all sorts of affectionate things, you know. It sounded quite natural, and didn't frighten me half so much as I expected. But it's very, very strange to hear some body-talking away just as you can, and not a creature there." "Had you a light?" "The night light in tlie clock. I wanted Nelly to send the stupid thing: away, hut she said slie . must know when 12 was near: and really it was better than being in the dark; and Nelly wouldn't have a big ger light, for fear the ghost shouldn't come." "Who wanted the ghost?" said Mr. Wharton in wratli. "Well, she did. She was horridly vexed that I was there to hear when -he began to be— affectionate. And she asked questions and begged him to answer, but lie said his say and was silent. So stupid of him. If people can speak from another world like that they ought to explain themselves and be considerate." "Can't you. tell me anything about it — that you thought you heard?" "Oil, the thing was: 'You darling, our se paration will soon be ended,' and, of course, Nolly thinks she's going to die directly. I call it horrid of liiin— if lie is dead." Mr. Wharton gazed at liis niece incredu lously. He thought she couldn't he quite sane. "It's been too much for you,'" lie said. "I ought ;no't to have got you to sleep in that room. I've heard, of an epidemic of illu sions, and you've caught this." . "You'd better try yourself," she answer ed flushing. "You'd probably catch it, too." "That's just what I'll do," lie declared; "but you mustn't say.a word to Nelly till the last minute, or'she'll alter something in tlie room and say it was that. I'll have every thing just as it -is. . Then I'll lock myself in to- night, and you'll take her to your room to sleep." "It won't satisfy lier if you licar noth ing," said Connie, "because the ghost isn't likely to speak to you." "If the ghost's sucli a fool as you make liim -out to be, that's exactly what he will ciOj Said ncr uuLici So Nelly, weeping and protesting against "treachery" and "cruelty," and saying "What will he think of me?" was locked out of the haunted room that night. Tlie next morning the Squire's face was a sight to see, for its mingled expression of rage, insulted dignity, perplexity and fright. "I see," said Connie spitefully, "that you've caught the epidemic." "It's a trick, u trick! I'll pull ever)' brick down to find out liow it's done." "So you heard the voice?" "Tho impudence of it," blustered the Squire. ' "To pour out all that sentimental stuff upon me'.'— ' "The ghost must havo gone blind since the first night," said Connie. "Fancy not knowing the difference between you and Nelly!" "And then to talk of my tyranny; and to ask if I remember— I should say if she re members—getting me to drive her half way to private pieetiug plaee (hoy had in the "?vood."y ' y ' V" "Well, if it is a ghost, lie is a fool," Con nie said, her calmness growing with her uncle's excitement. "I don't believe slio ever did such a 'tliing, bu-t I'll ask her," -said Mr. Whar ton. "I wouldn't if I were you," said Connie, with significance. Nevertheless lie dad, and Nelly did not show one moment's remorse or shnmo, ex cept for the fact of hcr-,"treachory" to Ran dolph in letting others hear his voice. "Now you'll believe me," she said. "There's not a creature in tho world except myself and Randolph who knows about that. Oh, why. did you turn me out of the room last night ?" "If it's an epidemic, there's three of us got it now," said Connie, with more em phasis than ' grammar. "I wonder who'll take it next. Shall we send for Dr. Griggs and see if he stands firm?" But Nelly turned proudly away. "I don't know how you can laugh at such a thing," she said, "when poor Randolph's dead." "Oh, my poor little girl!" said iicr father, forgetting her faults, "I wish lie wasn't. You should marry him to-morrow." CHARTER III. Another letter from Connie Whurton, and its sequel: "Dear Maggie, — "When I hist wrote to you we were in great trouble because we'd got a ghost; now we're in rather worse because' the ghost has left us. First he frightened us nil by talk ing. and now lie grieves us all by silence. "I really don't know whether I am stand ing on my head or my heels, nor what I be lieve and what I don't believe. "I told you liow the ghost talked. most un suitably — to Uncle in the middle of the night, and after that Uncle believed no more in Dr. Griggs. - IIo had carpenters instead, and people of that "sort, to poke, round and take up boards. But .they discovered no thing. Nelly would sleep in that room. She didn't sleep at all if we kept lier out of it; and tlie ghost went on talking. She wouldn't even do without the (ghostly clock, because after Randolph's deSth- appeared, in the papers, a friend of his white to tell-her iiha't the clock had ooukF from Randolph himself— that tlie .friend hail forwarded it for him on the right day, having received it beforehand. And I believe she got quite to rely on tlie clock to wake her up at the proper time, so that after two or three nights she would drop off to sleep and start up when it began .to strike, and then, after a time, fall asleep again. What worried her, however, was the fact that tiie voice never answered her questions, but just talked on to itself, and then stopped. "Uncle was nearly crazy about it, but Nelly got to take it quite calmly after a few niglits. Then the voice ceased altogether. "And now then she isn't to be consoled. She snys tho voice has been driven away bc- causo she wasn't allowed to hear it alone. She thinks she's hurt the.ghost's feelings or something. x "Uncle was so mad at his having been the victim of a delusion .that he preferred to be lieve in spiritualism. We've had all sorts of mediums down hero trying to communicate with the other world. Somo of them failed; the rest shammed. We know thoy shammed because Nelly said it wasn't the right voice, and it didn't say tlie right things. We all knew that she was ready enough to believe. But she wasn't going to be taken in, evi dently. "Then Uncle got another clue, and lie be lieves it s the right one. He has turned to tlie Theosophists and been reading their books, and some of tho theories fit exactly. Major South, who took up Esoteric Bud- liism some years ago, has been to see us, and ho explains even' tiling. It seems that it is miitn nnhiiM.il ft-ivwI/vltO.'is .1. ...» — - it yicatuah uusire having been to see Nelly again— that his frailer and more perishable part should haunt her vicinity, and utter words of affec tion. His higher identity lias already — so I tlhink I understand, but a good deal is vague —passed on to loftier spheres. Tho disap pearing of his voice means the gradual fad ing away of liis earthly shell— not his body, that is quite different. "The absence of attention on 1ihe ghost's part to what was said to Qiim, tho irre levancy of 'liis own remarks, his indifference to Nelly's entreaties, .his idiotic blabbing of secrets— all this is explicable when you con ceive flic visitation to be a mere vocal em bodiment of last memories and last desires liovoring round 'the person Who excited them. I can't express myself properly, but if you could hear Major South, you. would know how reasonable it sounds. ' Do I believe it myself? I don't knonv what I believe. But anything is 'better than supposing that 3. am off my head, and Uncle is off bis 'head, and Nelly is off her head, and we are all going to remain so for the rest of our lives. "There is a kind of idea that if avc trek .to Thibet, or some equally impossible place, and find a Malhat-ma, or some other equally impossible person— very old, very aviso, very good— 'then wo may get into communication with Randolph's real spirit. Nelly thinks this would 'he comforhing, but I really don't know. "However, Uncle is willing to go any where and to do everything 'to clear up the mystery; and I can't desert Nolly. "I do think though, 'that if Randolph had been properly fond of Nelly, ho never would liave come haunting ber in this way. But dhe says it whs. 'kin'd of him! "Your most distracted _ . '"CONNIE." Having finished this epistle and dropped it in Hie letter box in tho hall, Connie put on her hat and sallied forth in search of a littlo frcdh air. She thought it would clear her mind of phan toms. And the first person tfho met after turning a bend in the drive was tho gliost himself.' She had not known Randolph veiy well, but there was no mistaking him. He walked briskly, looked plump and in good health, and as soon as he perceived her, lifted 'his- hat to her, smiling. . She pinched herself to be sure she was awake; then she looked up at the sky, and down at the ground. No ghostly hour, no ghostly place this. , "Mr. Gurney, is it— you?". "Nobody else"— and he laughed joyously. "You didn't expect to see me, did you?" "Not here," she murmured. "If it had been in Thibet!" "In Thibet? Is that a joke? Won't you shake hands with me?" "I don't kuow that I— dare. Are you alive?" "Rather. Why — " with sudden conster nation; "you don't mean to say .that you saw tho notice of my uncle's death, and thought it was nie?" "We saw somebody's death, but whether it was your uncle's or not, I can't say. Then you weren't drowned:". "Not I. I hope Nelly never thought so for a moment. If anything had- happened I should have been sure to let her — but of couree I couldn'it -have in Hint case." "That's just what you did," Connie cried wrathfully. "And what I want to know is why, when a man's uncle gets drowned the ghost's nephew comes and haunts people that the ghost never knew." "Aren't you talking a little oddly? Is it a joko anyway? But I must go on to the house." "You'd better not! Suppose anyone saw you! Do step out of the way into this path!" "Oh, it's all right. The old gentleman won't mind a bit. My fortune is secured now. He only objected because I was poor." "I wasn't thinking of the old gentleman. It's Nelly I mind about. Consider tho shock to her! She fancied you dead for ever so long, and when you know all that's happened since — — " "You don't mean to say that she's got engaged to someone else? Sho's been rather in a hurry, I must say." 1 "She's not likely to have engaged herself to anyone else, with you coming- and talking ; to her (I'm sure Rdidn't know-how' you-d'd it if you were, dead,- but it's .queerer if you're alive); coming in. the moat glioslly manner, and calling lier ' all sorts of pet names in the middle of the night." . ' Randolph sltared for a- minute, and then began to laugh. "Oh, that's it, is (t?" he said. "Some body heard and gat -talking. But surely Nelly never told what I said?" "How could she do anything else?" Con nie asked in growing indignation. "The poor girl was frightened out of her wits. . She thought it was a sign of your death. And .then when . we saw your .-name among Hie passengers drowned, that settled it." "Oh, I say, how dreadful! ' But Nelly know. There was the paper of directions how to wind up tlie machine." "What machine?" "The phonographic clock." "What? Tiiat horrid little beast that al ways woke lier at 12 o'clock before' the voice began to speak?" "Of course it would. I thought 12 p.m. was a safe time for it to begin,— wlien slio was all alone. Then she'd know who it came froni. And she coiild regulate tho other utterances afterwards, according to directions." "I -begin to understand; though wo found some paper of directions, and I didn't know there was such a machine," and Con nie. forgetting lier cousin's trouble, burst suddenly into a peal of laughter. " If )ou could have guessed," she said, "when you said all those things into that machine, who would listen to them!" '.'But Nelly never would be so trca- " olierous," Randolph began, getting quite red in the face. "The poor dtt>.r thing -couldn't lioln it- w„ all thought that she was out of her mind, and turned her by force from the room, that wo might listen to the ghost ourselves. Oil, Hie lovely things you raid to Unolol' Aud tlie way you abused him to his face! And the sooret3 you 'blaUbod about yourself and jhcliy! I wonder you dure to come back again." I thought it was all right. That phono graph Was an invention of a friend of mine. Noibody's ever done the Hiiiig ir/to such o handy form before. I put ail -mv little capi tal inlto patenting it; for the fcffoiv liadiit a penny of- his -own. I'm his partner, and our fortune's made. We've had orders for nearly hali' a million in tlie Slates Binee I sent -tlmt thing off. It's just -tinned mo from a poor mail lb a -rich one. I waited until I -was sure that the boom had begun. Then I -tame straight over." A "Rut you sent tlmt thing first." ... "Wo',1, we'd promised not to write, and that waon?t writing. I never -thought it would turn out tike this. BiitT don't dare. I've got to face ft up. And if poor Nolly tannics me dead rn gurry on and reassuro her." "I wouldn't if I were you. You've done ' enoiigh. treisdiiief already. You'd better let me break it to her first.'' "Surdlv she'll -be glad to sec me." . - "It'll bo an awful shock, when she think) you're (Wad. You don't knew what she's gone through. We've had her up to Loii- dlun to see a specialist. And we've had mediums and thcosopliists. and all sorts of strange -folks hero to explain the— machine. If you'd been a week later wo might havo all bkm off to Ce-nltr.il Asia to ; interview, your disembodied spirit." y "It'll save a journey, then, to meet mo here." "I wonder you dare," answered Connie, giving trie reins to lier feelings in tlie sudden relief. "When a.girl's idealised you, as girls do idealise dead people, when she's thought of you as a spirit in a superior world, Bome- ono to dream of and look up to, how cau you ; burst upon lier all at once, and let her see . you as you are?" "You do put it an awful way. But if elie's fond of me, really " "She's too fond of you; that's the danger. How can alio hear to find out— goodness! Here she comes! Do step behind "that tree and let me give her a moment's warning." Connie. was now in a genuine plight, and pulled violently at his sleeve to get him out of the way. Perhaps it was this very undignified ac tion which changed Nelly's expression from one of awed wonder to perplexity and wide- eyed inquiry. "Oil, Randolph," she said, "is it you?" "I'm awfully sorry," said the young man, humbly; "but it really is." "And fire you alive?" "I guess I oughtn't to be, from all ac counts. But I'm afraid I am. I hope you won't mind, very much." . "Mind very much! Oh, Randolph!" He put out his hands towards her, and she 2 ran to take them. "Tliis isn't a voice. This isn't a dream. It is you, really, really!" "And- you aren't sorry?" . "Sorry?" . "It was only that Connie said : — -" "What does it matter what Connie said?" Nelly asked, ungratefully. i Connie waited- to hear no more. She hur ried to the house to tell her uncle that it .. was no longer necessary to go to Thibet. 