Princess Spinaway's Department. MY ADVENTURES. ' (By «'Vera.") What I am going to tell you happened some years ago-in fact, when I was a schoolboy of thirteen. Now I find a pair of razors indispensa ble implements. I am not one of those boys that an old blackfellow of my «cq.uainltiance, who re joiced in the name of "Black Billy," was fond of discoursing on, and who, in his frankly expressed opinion, told lies about ghosts and things that "nébber, nebber could happen." He summarily convinced everybody that, tried to palm a ghost yarn on to him of their non-existence. Even thé wisest of men .would Und his arguments diffi cult to ref ute, and who can deny the facts of his pet theory : "If k- fellahi diee, he eider goes ter heb ben or hell. If tíe' goes ter bebben, he be that happy he won'iti'wanter lebe. -If ¡he goes to hell, the Devil'll take.preschus good care he don't get the 'cfliánce\tér^tebf^j'";." :A«' I told, you before, I didn't belong" to'thâi tarder of boys who were fond of deviating*., from',-Washington's principles, so I was an e9pecíü'*f av^rJfe; 'of Black) Bili, and I tell you I appreciated 'that'honor, and exerted myeedf ?to , retain my. place in his good graces. If ever I killed .'twó'Jblg1 kangaroos with one shot, or saw in broad dây.iïghtra warrigal making off with a lamb in his^niprith, I was very, careful not to let him hear of .it ' However, this is not what -I in tended to write about, sb I had better make a start. It was in the year 1891, and- instead of cries of "Drought!" it was, "Water, water every where! " I had long been looking forward to the holidays, which I was to spend with an old school chum on his father's station. At last the day came for me to start. It was raining In torrents, but what cared I for that? All the better fun, I thought. To my sorrow, later In the day I found out my mistake, for what with wading swollen creeks, walking down slippery cuttings, and re tracing my steps (for not being an experienced bushmen I had twice taken the wrong turnings), I had my day's work cut out j^r me, and I was heartily glad when I saw the lights gleaming through the windows that told me I had reached my destination, for during the last five miles I had not sighted a dwelling. Giving a shrill whistle, the usual signal, which was accompanied by the loud barking of half-a-dozen dogs (more cr less), wflio kept up their hideous row until 1 bad the pleasure of hearing Rob's well-known voice silence them with a "Down, Pluto! Down/ Speed!" "Hullo, old fellow!" . turning to.me. "Expected to see you sailing along in a boat. Got '.a dry stitch on you?" he continued, without giv ing me time to answer. -."I reckon you are pret ty well soaked. The best thing you can do is to go and turn in. . The first door opening on to the verandah is your room. I'll see to your nag, and bring you a bit of grub." ' Stiff and cramped from being so long in the saddle, and, shivering with the wet. clothes cling ing to me;3l was only too glad to follow his ad vice, arid another half-hour saw me snug in bed, with Rob seated at the foot, watching as I made hearty inroads into the substantial meal he had prepared for me. "íl'Good for you, sonny!" he said, after listening :to my account of the day, "that you didn/t take the wrong turn at Blackie Creek. It would have taken you miles into the bush, and I can vouch :for it that you would have had a rather wet camp. ; By Jove! it's a lucky thing you are not out to-night. I pity any , poor fellow who ls. Just listen to the rain coming down! You may thank your stars, Will,"that you're safe under a roof;** and, gathering up the empty vessels, he bad» me a final good-night, and took bis depar ture. I was.awakened next morning by Ho bursting into my room shouting, "I say, Wil turn out! This is a nice hour of the day to b sleeping. Breakfast has been waiting nearly a hour, and the river is a regular banker!" , "So sorry, Rob,".I exclaimed, jumptng out has tily. "I'll not keep you much longer. You'] hardly have, time to say. Jack Shay before I'r ready." And, true to my word, in less than flv minutes I was in the breakfast-room, where th rest of the family were already assembled, whicl included Mr. and Mrs. Raynot, Miss Raynot, an Josey. The lastnamed was my favorite" then, am is even so now. "Boys!" said Mr. Raynot as we left »the room "if you are going to look at the river,- be carefu not to, go near the place where the land slipped." "Right you. are!" cried Rob. f Look out, nm ter, if you hear a coo-ee,".he called back laugh in gi y from the garden gate. "Come on, Rob," I said impatiently, for I wai anxious to get a nearer view of the surging river of which I could catch a glimpse as it dashed anc foamed madly onward. What a glorious-sight i was. I had never seen such a great volume, o water before. Down came the large uprooted trees, sweeping under the slender oak saplings from whence they would arise with a mightj swish, sending the water many feat up in the air, But:.ijust then something occurred that banlshec the grandeur of the scene. Aa I stood there watching, a mist gathered before my eyes. Mj head began to swim round, and-the river appearec .tb be running away. I came to my senses a few moments later by feeling the cold water closing round me, and roaring in my ears; while I wai being carried onward by the rushing current. : ,1 wasn't in the least frightened. I remember dreamily wondering if I should be carried on-tc the sea; but this question was speedily settled by my coming -in contact with something, consi derably hard. Quick as thought, Lthrew-put my hands and grasped what proved to be the branch of an oak, and in less time than it would take to tell, I ' had clambered out; Then I- turned to take bearings of . . my situation. There I was perched,-among the branches, with, a swift current,-about fifteen yards wide, separat ing me from tho bank.. I- could see no sign of Rob. '. Suppose he should have fallen im toq, I thought uneasily. Apparently' my position ¡.was not an envelable one. There I was a prisoner, with .the water gradually creeping up. ; I cal culated, at the rate it was rising, my preserving oak would afford me shelter for an hour. Then, to my consternation, I noticed the distance from the bank was increasing, alarmingly. . My only chance was to gain the attention bf the people at the house. Carefully, standing upright, and sup porting my back against the branches, I formed my hands into a trumpet, and exerted my lungs to such an extent as I never did before, or ever wish to do.-again. Rob has informed me since that he could have heard me if he was on top of . Nar rengullen Mountain. As that particular mountain happens to be twenty miles distant, I find 'that statement a little difficult to swallow. He was also kind enough to advise me if I was ever un fortunate enough to get into such a hobble, again not to give utterance to such unearthly noises, for; if-anyone chanced to hear me, instead of coming to my assistance they would take to their'heels. However, this doesn't get me out of the tree. My unearthly noises, as Rob politely designated my attempts to coo-ee, soon located ¡my whereabouts, and brought Mr. Raynot, as well as Bob, on the scene. Hastily dispatching Rob for a rope, Mr. Raynot stood on the bank surveying me with un disguised amusement, till his return. Then,, giv ing F,ob one end of the rope, and bidding him hold it firmly,. he took the other and threw it easily across. I grasped it, and fastened it securely round my waist, but I " was very loth to leave my refuge and plunge again Into those wild, angry waters. I don't think Rob's encouragement, or Mr. Raynot's somewhat stèrn commands, would have availed much had I not been forcibly rer minded by the steadily rising waters that shortly I'd have no choice; so, closing my eyes, and tak ing a firm grip of the rope with both hands, I sprang towards thè shore, where a few moments later I was landed, none the worse for my ad venture. I often tell this yarn- to Black Billy, and, thanks to my reputation, after a little show of incredulity, and after T had solemnly assured him it was no white boy's lie more than once, he would look at me with great, dreamy eyes, and wag his head sagely, muttering at the same time, "Wonderful things happens to white fellah; won derful." (The End.) . 