THE TOD'S fiBEAT -' - — . . '; . '♦'? ? ? — -BX E. PgiJXIPS O~PPENHEIM.J. (Author oi VJjSysfeilouB Jit Sabin,' * As a Wnn ?. - XJveSi' 'A Daughter of the Marionis,' etc,) BOOK II. CHAPTER lf.-(Continued.) It was late when he got back to the farm ]i/nise where he was staying... On the table was his supper and a letter. . He looked at it carelessly at first, then with a quick start of surprise. He tore it open, and drew the lamp closer as he read: 'The Blue River Diggings, 'Oet 18th. 'How are you, pard? Guess you're snug in the old country by now. There was a hell of a row here after you left. Dan Cooper, he liunied up and was on your track as soon as it got about that you was gone, and- took that skeery-faced kid, Skein, along. They ain't been heerd on since. I reckon you and the gell— she'd plenty of pluck, that gell had— would about square them two, if so happened as tliey catclied^ou up! 'There has been a wonderful boom here, and you and me is in it, you bet! I daresay you're read all about it in the papers. I took an help after 70U went, and in three days we struck such a vein as ain't been heard on in tiiese parts, I can tell you. We just shovelled out the gold like dirt. Lord! you should have j been Ihere to see the chaps all around, Jjow, 'mad they did get We worked by dayii-ae ?and by lantern li,a:.t/and'we ain't. got to tr.e ? end of it yet. I reckon I've sent in to a bro : leer at 'Frisco about 28,000dol worth, and I've ?got as much more safe hid, waiting for the expressman. We're scooping it out every day. Besides this; I've bought and paid for four of the likeliest claims, and the store, wliich I'm running myself, and making a pile at. I've invested a good bit in the store, for foe diggings is three times as large as they were, and as the news of the boom spreads, all the greenhorns in 'Frisco '11 be here. The gold '11 be about gone, but they?U want feed ing. The profit from the store you and me divides, and, of course, the gold* less all the expenses of running the show, and the help on the claim, which I reckon is your lookout. That's square, .ain't it? Now, I '. want a straight word with you. When you and me started pards, share and share alike,- you planked down more coin than me, and you worked -harder, for you're a powerful strorjg luan- Now, it% the result of your labor and ydur ccdn as is turning up. trumps, -and what I want to say is, that we share up level all the profits from the claim and store, and if vou says anything different, why, I chucks half into the Blue River, for I'll be ? if I touch it! I'm most a lone man, and what I shall do with my pile I don't know! There ain't no call for you to come back. I've got some safe help, and a pal or two as I can trust, and I'm doing a big thing! You'll find twenty .thousand dollars to your call at a chap's called Baring in London, when you like to go for it. The next draw will be a sight larger, but I've spent a good bit in buying claims, and stocking the store. 'P.S. — This has been an almighty day. The Expressman just arrived. -Am sending metal which I reckon will figger out at something like a hundred thousand dollars. You and me is in luck, Bryan. 'From your affect pard, 'Pete.' The letter fluttered down from Bryan's fing ers, and he stood for a moment perfectly still. His brain was in a turmoil— this thing that had happened was almost too great to grasp. Then a look of triumph flashed in his eyes. His heart leaped up. Here were the muscles and the sinews for his struggle; here was the weapon with which to carve his way MP wards. He stretched up his Tiands to the I 'ceiling; -and laughed but loud,; waking a thou I 6and echoes amongst the old rafters and I beams. ? ? 'Mine!' he cried passionately. 'It is the judgment or rortunei i snail win:' Just once there glided like a ghost amongst his glowing thoughts- and dreams, the image of a dark, sorrowing face,, and his heart was thrilled for' a moment with ' the low, sweet voice of the woman who had given her soul to set him free. But he clenched his teeth, and ground Ms heel into the floor. It was a thing past for ever — a black spot, upon his life whim he could never cleanse. He had sworn to himself to forget it; to live as though those days had never been! Nothing could alter them, nothing could ever efface his degrada tion. He could do but one thing, and that he would do— forget! Between his past and his future there lay stretched a mighty gulf. Not even with memory would he ever suffer it to be bridged over. He had sworn it at midnight on the great steamer as it ploughed its way through the rushing wa ters of the Atlantic; and that night,, in. the lit tle farmhouse, he looked through the lattice window upon the moonlit night, and. renewed his oath. The biterness of the. past should have no power to poison the future; CHAPTER III.— THE THRESHOLD OF. A NEW LIFE. Two days later Bryan f oundjiimself in Lon don. He arrived at Waterloo about midday,: and was driven straight to one of the great hotels in Northumberland Avenue. Here he engaged a room, and, sallying out again, turn ed westwards. . . He had commenced life upon a new princi ple, or rather he was commencing a new life. For the first time he had travelled first-elass, for the first time he was staying of his own choice in a fashionable hotel. He walked slow ly down Pall Mall, Piccadilly,' and Bond-street, noting all the men lie met wtih new and atten tive eyes. At the corner of Gonduit-street, a brougham and pair of horses pulled, up almost by his side, and its -occupants, two men, got out, crossed the pavement, and entered a tai lor's shop. Bryan hesitated for a moment; then he quietly. followed them in. His appearance in somewhat shabby and travelled- stained clothes, was a little singular in a fashionable part of London, but he car ried himself well, and had an air of resolution, almost of dignity, which inspired a certain amount of respect The man who came noise lessly across the thickly-carpeted room, with its swing glasses and piles of neatly-folded doth upon a mahogany counter, looked -at him in faint surprise, but listened to what 3ie had to say civilly. 'I've just come home from California!' fcryan said eimply. 'I have plenty of money, and I want to be dressed like other men. ? Can you make me some clothes quickly?' The man bowed. 'With great pleasure, sir! Do you require a complete outfit for town and country, may I ask, or only for town wear?' Bryan considered for a momenjt 'First of all, I want one of those long black coats.' 'Frock coats, sir!' - ? 'Yes, ana trousers to go with it— a couple of pairs. Then I want an evening suit, and Gome tweed clothes and breeches for the coun try. Ishould like the frobk-coatfirst.' 'Will you cnoose tie material, sir?' Bryan shook his lead. 'I leave it to you! You had better take my measure!' ??? . . - .. It was a task 'iwhieh occupied 6ome little time. When it was over, Bryan drew: a sigh of relief. He had. ijeen used to wearing ready made clothes. ,. 'When shall' I. call again?' lie asked. :'To- morrbwr,aftemoeon, sir, -we will, try on the coat, as vl presume you wish to wear ft in town.' ::_ .'?. * ; ? . ., ? - -..' . Bryan nodded, and walked' out. At the cor Ser of Botofl-street he went- into1 Scott& and. lough t a Bilk hat, which lie had sent to the: hotel. A little further on,)'iie -went intoTa.' 'hosier's, and bought shirts, collars, ties,, arid gloves of the latest fashioiLi Then- toe 'paid. Truefitt's a visit, had his hair cut and-liis beard trimmed. ; * --???. ?) ?--'-' He lunched at a fashionable restaurant, drinking wlnerinstead of' beer, and watching the people closely. Afterwards- he -bought some books, and spent a good part of the after noon in the National Gallery. In the evening he went to the Lyceum,. For three days he kept quiet, reading and visiting picture galleries most: of the time, and going to a fresh theatre -each evening. * On the fourth, his clothes arrived, and, with, a laugh which had almost a nervous tremor in it, he undid the parcel, and arrayed himself from head to foot in his new attire. The meta morphosis surprised even himself. He look ed at his reflection in the glass with a certain vague displeasure. He was annoyed to be lieve that clothes could make such a difference. He was now to all outward appearance a gentleman, as well turned out, and as much at his ease in his clothes as any of the men whom he had met and studied in the West End. It was a fine morning, and he walked in the Park. On his way he bought himself a carna tion, and, a few minutes afterwards, stopping to look at his reflection in a large plate-glass window, he burst out laughing. The thing seemed so- comical to him, so unreal. It was hard indeed to believe that the tall and per fectly dressed man whose image he saw could be the boor who commenced life as a poaching vagabond. The Park .was full, and, strangely enough, Bryan had scarcely walked a hundred yards when he was able to test his new personality. A barouche and pair of horses were drawn up close to the railings, and a girl, sitting by the . side of a stately grey-haired lady,, was talking to several nieri who stood around the carriage door. Bryan felt his heart give a great thump, but he bit his lip savagely, and kept his face turned upon ner. She met bis gaze quite frankly, and with perfect unconcern, and bow ed a little doubtfully as he raised his hat Then their eyes seemed to meet, and he dis tinctly saw her 'start, and a. slight color flush her cheeks. He passed on, walking with just the same careless dignity, born of his great strength, as when he had sauntered barefooted around his claim on the Blue River, with his spade over his shoulder; and, of course, he did not look behind. When he returned in about ten minutes, the carriage was gone, and he did not see it again. He walked the Row from end to end, eagerly watching the stream of ve hicles. It was in vain. He saw nothing more of the barouche with the brown liveries. 'She would think that I was mad!' he said to himself, with a short, dry laugh, as he turned homewards. 'Perhaps I am!' For six more days Bryan remained in Lon don. He spent most of his time in what is called the West End, and visited every picture gallery that was open. He made a good many purchases, and walked every day in the Park, where his unusual height and tawny, hand some beard provoked a number of languid in quiries as to ihis identity, and awakened some amount of curiosity in the minds of certain so ciety journalists. Above all, he frequented places where he heard people talk, and carefully noted down in his memory the manner and form of their con versation. Night after night he sat in the stalls of one of the more popular theatres, in wardly chafing at the restraint of a high .col lar, and the tightness of his dress clothes; but listening to everything with a grim and serious intentness. These were days of purgatory to him, but he went through it all with a stubborn and dogged resolution. On the seventh day he returned to Westshire. (To be continued.) 