THE TURF. A meeting of the Forest Lodge llneing Olub is to tnke place to-day, beginning at a quurtcr-past 2. Half a doKcn niees are included in the programme, and 'buses and trams will run as on oilier race days. Trainers and jockeys who are entitled to llcketa an milting to the saddling paddock at the A.J.C. spring meeting are reminded that they will be Issued during office hours on Thursday next. Cyanide's chance of appropriating the ICpsom Handicap or the Metropolitan was considerably discounted on Saturday by her running in the Ilawkeshury Spring Han dicap, in which abc was an indifferent third to Butternut ami Hock of Ages, the former of which won by a long head after making nearly all his own running. It did not uppcur that Cyanide could have won at any part of the race, and, therefore, the gallop will require lo effect considerable improvement if that marc ik _ to win at itandwick. Hi Hi, another candidate for big handicap lienors, shaped much worse, and has apparently not "come on;" ns it was expected a few months ago that 6ho would. Water Color also ran budly, and with the Qucenslandcr Mulula und Buinbshell whipi»ed in the Spring Handicap field. Ainherite's brother, Pelissicr, inlsbohaved liiniself at tlie jxvit. He peraiatcd in standing the reverse way, and no application of whips, for several were freely turned on him, was sufficient to induce him to alter itis position. Ultimately the grey was led to the outside of the field, und was last to get going. His stable companion, Butternut, who won niter being well backed at long prices, is not in the Epsom Handicap or the Metropolitan, though he had been entered for tho former, but ltock of Ages is at 0.10 and 0.7 respectively, and 1b not unlikoly to figure: prominently at the .right cud in cither. Butternut, who won but once in 10 starts last season, is by Eiridspord (imp.) bom Buttercup, by Funic, and was bred by Mr. It, 0. Allen. Hobson, who won the Uainnton Handicap nt Qauliicld on Saturday, was bred in this colony by Tom Paytcn. lio is by Projectile from Dona.' , > > Weights arc duo to-day for tho A.J.O. llurdlo itAco, Kensington UaudicaPi ana Fiit Stecplcnlmse. Tho programme appears to- dny for the race meeting "which i tho Newcastle Jockey Olub intends to have on the lfltii Inst, and, owners- and trainers, cannot bo too strongly -reminded of the fact that the entry list closes on Monday next. The list consists of: — park Stakes.. Jo bovb., six furlongs; Stewards' Milo, 80 soys; I« lying llun- 'dlcap, 80 sovs., six furlongs; Pace Welter 26 sovs., fiix furlougs;. and September Handicap, 60 sovs., second horse 6 hovs., one mile and n quarter; und entries cun bo mado with Mr. J. Clrisdalo at Newcastle, or at the A.J.U. Leslie SI'Donald, who managed "-the St. Albans Stud during the late Mr. W. It. Wilson's ownership ot it and is still there, had not long to \valt before getting a return of tho money he paid for Kqgaincu. It was only a few weeks ago that lie gave 2S0gs, for that h oise, who ion Saturday last won the lieatheriic Handicap of nine furlongs in a big Hold at Qauifteld, Regained s in the Caullield Cup with 7.8, and Melbourne Cup with 31b. less, and had not previously been In a place, though lie had Btarted on five occasions. He is by Kobiiiuon Crusoe Ilawkesbury on Saturday last saw Clarendon at its best, for Uiat old equine battleground never, looked better, a .condition-., of things uuc in a mciiBUvo to tlie late floods, which wrouslit vo disaster elsewhere- in the neighborhood. Tlie likely to look even better at tlio next races, ns flower beds/ hove been laid down in the tauLifv that enclosure, and Mr. Ghost contemplates other changes which will add greatly to - the > ot tho ItawUcsbury Club's property. n utu« ay the Wdoso:"tCj,Unyni. for the right to charge at tho optnuico gates at Itandwick for alT lacetinss the Australian Jockey Club -up to the 81st ' t -J-lioso who are' most interested will do will to note thuttho last forfeit for tho A.J.O. Derby, Ensom llundi- ean, and tho Metropolitan requires to-be declared and 11Tho1,Qhirying'"lloTBes looui'£cs' was Illustrated at the ILnvkesbury meeting on won the Flying Handicap and the Welter. That marc nns Btarted but four times on tho llawlcepbury course, and I on cacli occasion was reLurned a winner her previous suc cesses bolng in the Clarendon und Welter Handicaps at tho club's last autumn meeting, while sho had nut won '' Thosp rfifg'iueetl ng of the A.J.O. Is to bo commenced nt Handwick on Saturday next. . n Tlie Dubbo Trotting and Pony Racing Club lins nban- . doncd the meeting wldcli had been arranged to take place at Forest Iidge on Monday next. - It w ill, lioucvu, carry out the programme advertised for Friday next at Kcnainctou. and in connection with which eijtrics ciOvC ot 0 p.m. lo-day for the 3niin. Class Trot.15 sovs., one mile; Dubbo Handicap Trot, 20 sovs., one mile and a half, Mitcqunric Handicap Trot, 25 sovs., two - miles: and Open Handicap Trot, 20 sovs., ono mile and n half. Entries for the two galloping events remain open until Wcdncs- duy, at 6 p.in. , , Tho Ilawkesbury Slewards' Mile wmnor, Lut cm, h;is a .valuable engagement to fill in the Epsom Handicap. Hie prirc was not rich enough to carry with it a penally, and, therefore, if Lutein runs H will only bo necessary to put up her original weight, 7.3. Though very liberally handi capped for the Stewards' Mile, Latem was not much fan cied, it being generally considered that; the distance was beyond her, though Mr. Richards' mure won tlio .Sydney, Turf Club's Farewell Handicap over a similar journey. Liabilities 'contracted at the Ilawkesbury Club's meet ing on Saturday last aro due for discharge to-day. Arrangements luivo been made by which the Epsom Handicap curd will be called over at Tattcrsall's Club on the evenings of Thursday und Friday next. Tlio Metropo Ulan list will bo gonp through on the following Monday. Next week's lloscbeiy X'ark races will tnke place on Mon day Instead of the usual day, Tuesday. , ' The whilom favorite for the Epsom Handicap, St. Clare, again disappointed , Mr. Fielder and a lot of others on Saturday, lie was well backed for the Ilawkesbury Spring -llnudicup, and, as an experiment-, was not ridden to the, front, H was thought that if less use were made of him than hud been customary, St. Clare would reproduce his private form, but, though, different tactics were tried, he was never dangerous, and simply refused- to try in.:Uie last hulf-iuile. getting home nearer last" than first. Some day, perhnps, when St. Clare lias forfeited' the few frlendfc he hua left, lie will turn up in first place, to benefit no one outside the ringmen. There was very little betting done on Saturday, and yet A change or two was effected in tlie quotations on the Epsom Handicap. Glenorc, as a result of his satisfactory gallop in the morning against Anipier, was backed for about £3000 at J00 lo 2 and 3, while Reviver,- who lmd been beaton by Tarquin went back to 100 to 0, but sub sequently firmed. Ampler eased to. 100 to 12, irnd Dandy hardened to 100 to 13. Persona who aro in want of Suffolk Punch horses will lie given tlie opportunity to purchase some on the 10th inst., for on that date Messrs. Pitt, Son, nnd Badgcry will submit at Oamperdown yards 33 head of thaL useful breed, representing the. Mooki stud. The auctioneers state that the .collection consists of magnificent colts aiid fillies, mostly of the Suffolk breed, all broken to harness, having been used at plough, tank, and waggon work, and represented as . the best lot Mr. A. A. Hangar has yet sent in. Amongst the Miles urc some very fine animals, o£ s|>eciiil value, Indng so scarce, and all- round buyers may expect to sce u good lot. Mr. H. It. Di'iigiir, of NeoUileld, will have a few of his splendid horfire In tho lot. The .raceborso lviora, who was wrecked nt tho Capo on his way to England, ran in u two miles hurdle race nt tho Down (Ireland) Royal Corporation meeting n few weeks ago, but with 10.4 .finished unplaced, as did Achra, by Martini-Henry from Acme, in the Thorn Cup. Both horses are owned, by 'Captain Scolt. La Mnttrcsquo has'. dropped a colt foal to St. Simon nt Ncotsfleld. l On tlie 6th, Otli, ami 7tli inst., at Cumpcrdowu Yards, Messrs. W. Inglis nnd Son- will offer for sale on account of their clients nearly a hundred horses, which1 aro understood to b« a inoro than usually good lot generally. At the recent Carcoar Jockey Club meeting the balance- sheet allowed a credit of jbso. 'Dr. Hawthorne was rc- looted president, and Mr. Oharlen Dcnvin secretary. Our Albury correspondent wiree:—"Mr. Waters, of Upper Murray, who bred Harpist, has sold a colt by Harmonist for £80. A full hrotner to Repeater, who was also bred on the Upper Murray, has clmngcd hands nt £100. The sale is reported of Corcc Bell, by Sunrise, nt £60. . A truck load of untried thoroughbreds has been purchased in llivcrlna by E. Davis, of Caulficld. They comprise stock by Tnvcrinny and Harmonist. Embargo, a good performer about here, was under offer to the same trainer for £150. ' E. Cumin, who has Miss Dtinlop, which may shortly visit Melbourne, has got in two or three green colls by Easy John, e>ro of Hailstorm and Criterion." Ilova, wlio- n few days agowns- bough thy Tliomas Ciiadwick. of Dcnalla (Vic,), for 20Q guineas, bus been soldin Melbouruo to Mr. Gidnoy. v . - When Welfare fell In Hie Gliampion Steeple nt Caulfield on Saturday afternoon his Jockey, Mooncy, broko Ills collarbone, 