DEVONSHIRE-STREET STATION. . The Work Authorised. The City Railway Extension. ' Securing the suspension of 'the standlngor- ders for tne purpose, Mr. O'Sullivan last night in the Legislative Assembly moved that it is expedient to extend the railway from ' its present terminus at Redfern to the north of Devonshire-street, and there erect a commo- dlus station and administrative offices. He said, the proposal had been advocated by the Railway Commlslsoners for many years, and they were now of the same opinion as was: the late Mr. Eddy, who said that if some change were not made there was bound some day to be a big calamity. The proposed, work- would result in a very commodious station that would serve for ages. The cost would, be £591,600, apportioned as follows: — General works, £138,000; interlocking, £15,000; station buildings and administrative offices, £233,(J00; lighting, £5000; alterations to Redfern station buildings, £30,000, "resumptions, £140,900. Mr. Watson: There Is very little land to be resumed, and that cost is for the re-erec- tion of buildings. \- The opinion of Mr. Hogue.wns that it. was- a very necessary work, and could- not be found fault with. The proposal was supported by Mr. J. G. L. Fltzpatrlck on the principle that any stick is good enough to beat a. dog with. Support was given also by Mr. Gormly, be cause the new station would be very nearly central, and no further extension would be necessary for some time. ;If Mr. M'Lean had been of this opinion he would have opposed the proposal, but there was a motion now on the business paper in the name of the Minister for Works, to sub mit the new proposal for a city railway to the Public Works Committee. He -thought, however, that they should have a definite statement from the Minister as to' whether he. would put that through ; before -the session closed. If I thought it .would not be productive of a long debate I would move It to-night, said Mr. O'Sullivan, who added that he thought he had better leave it till the following night. I support this proposal in place of the city railway was the declaration -Mr. Moore open ed. with. The chief object of extending, the line at all was because of -the positive danger existing on account of the lack of room, and. there was no necessity to. carry it into the city. It was with surprise that Mr. D. Davis heard one word In opposition to the scheme. As a country member Mr, Donaldson was prepared to give the proposal his heartiest support, and the more so because he recagnls- ! ed fully the great dangers associated with the present terminus. He accepted it also as :a happy compromise for the city railway. While lie would prefer to see the railway ox-tended Into the city simultaneously with the Devonshire- street station- -project Mr. Winohcombe was not prepared to oppose the- present 'proposal. With a fervid protest against taking Hyde Park Mr. Quinn nevertheless supported the Devonshire-street proposal and admitted .that! sooner or later the railway must come Into the city. " The motion was agreed to and the House went into .committee to consider the expe diency of Introducing the bill. The necessary leave having been given the bill was brought in and read a first and second time. In committee the usunl protests were made, by Messrs. Affleck and Hogue at the pace at which legislation was progressing. The hope was then expressed by -Mr. Nor ton that the Minister would see to tho pious burial of the dead when removed from De vonshire-street Cemetery, and the reverential; handling of tombstones. There were Irish' pa triots and others of historic Importance In terred there, and lie hoped they would have a word or two of explanation so . that they would not be haunted by the ghosts, of the- dead. Ample provision, Mr. O'Sulivan said, had been made for the removal of the bones and re-erection of the tombstones. The point having been raised that a spe cial Act of Parliament was necessary before' the tombstones that stood wnere the Town Hall now Is could be removed, Mr. J. H. Young expressed . tlie opinion that as the bill they were considering was a special Act for: dealing with the area nothing more was lie- . cessary. It wns explained by Mr. Dick that the com missioners, In their estimate, distinctly set out that a sum was sot apart for the remov ing of such of the tombstones as remained, in the cemetery, and thelr re-ereetion in some suitable place. "Yes," said Mr. Watson, "£10,000, provided for in the resumption money." The assurance was given by Mr. O'Sullivan tliat nothing would bo done in tlie way of us ing ilie cemetery until provision was made for the re-Interment of the remains to be removed. The remaining clauses were then agreed to, and the 1)111 reported without " amendment. Upon the motion for the adoption of the re port Mr. Gnrland, who had been absent from the House all the evening, rose to protest, nnd after discussion the motion for the adoption of the report wns agreed to on a division de clared to be frivolous, those voting against the adoption being Messrs. Ewlng, Wlnch- ccmbc, Cohen, Gnrland. and Ashton. The bill was read a third time, passed, and forwarded to tlie Legislative Council. "After that division," said Mr. O'Sullivan, "we had better postpone the City Railway till to-morrow." 