METROPOLITAN MEMORANDA. [By Autolycos.] " A snapper-np of unconsidered trifles." It is utterly absurd Lo suggest, n -ome d-», that Ih« Governor-General of AustrdU will be marie a duke on January I. Even the Prime Minister of England is not « duke, and Disraeli himself did not aspire higher than an earldom. Of the present dukedoms of iho United Kingdom, dropping out the Royal dukes, only fire wen* created this century. These are Argyll (t.-»e Scottish dukedom dating from 1701), Fife (who married the Q.ueen's granddaughter), Suther land, Wellington, and Westminster. At present the Earl of Hopetouu sits in the House of Lords as Baron llopetoun. Pur haps he may be made an English earl out of compliment to the Commonwealth, but dukes are n<»t yet " three a penny," whatever may happen in the future. If the British Government were as little j cati-ideraie of Lord llopetoun as Sir William j Lyne is it w<,uld be bad for our chief figure- I heud. His L rdship was so ill when he I arrived in l his colony by the mail steamer Victoria that he longed to gel ashore and rest. Bui the ©elf-assertive Ljne, anxious to get some reflected glory from the Commonwealth celebrations, kept the frail and worn-out riceregeut 011 the bout, fearing apparently that Ilia lordship's foot would be contamin ated if it touched any soil but that of Jfew South Wales before the swearing-in ceremony took place. The mail steamer was right alongside the breakwater at Fremantle, and, as the Pylades was available to land Lord Hopetoun here, if he had not been too cour teous and gentle to act on his own wishes in IhefaceOf Sir W. Lyne's babyish interdic tion, he could have come ashore without any trouble. Lyne has made himself the laugh ine-stock of Australia by hie exhibition of selfishness, but' everyone is sorry that hie egotism should U&vc; been a source of inflict ing go much pain and fatigue on Lord Hope toun. There lias been, or is to be, quite an exodus to Sydney in the new year, and all our big guns will be firing salutes there, for where the treasure is there will the heart be also, and much preferment is expected in the Federal centre., We shall not be long in sus pense now so far as the first Ministry is con cerned, nnri I expect that the names I gave in the Courier months ago—Barton, O'Connor, Deakin, Kingston, Dickson, Lewis, Forrest— will not be far out, although Utterly Mr. B R. Wise has come greatly into prominence. As a sort of sidelight on the Federal fld>t of a few months ago we have the trouble at the Umvetsily commemoration l&«t week, f,i if is said that, the reason why Sir Samuel Way attempted. to stop the etu ents Ir carrying out their program is that they were rude enough (o cast reflections upon him and his action in respect to clause 74 of the Commonwealth Bill. The first verse of the musical program, under the heading of 41 The Chancellor/1 runs thus:— Down at Garment Hoase a* Excellency, Tnst's where the little Chief has set his heart to be; But we fear be has no cliinee to reign there Any more, Bee rare he interfered with clausa 74. Tra-la-la, Ac. The undergraduate bill of fire, which* however, wis not placed before the guests owing to (he speed with which the conferring of degrees was rattled off, is printed on green puper and n thus prosaically introduced The U Diversity of Adelaide, \saail Wayzgaa&a; to be held ia the Ymn-jer Hilt, Weine*day, Decem ber I?, 1900. Mu tents* programme. Candidate bachelors and spin-tire from the Uoivrrriiy and casuals from other Universities will be admitted by degrees at the IFaysgooae 11 be held In the Yonnger Hall on Wednesday, 12th December. AflminioQ will be by—the door, of c <nrse ail ticket-holders, except members of the Council, Senate, and staff, are reqo'&ted; to take their seats home. At 3 p.tn the ♦'ay will be opened to the public-house. The Chanticleer of the University has been ordered to be present. The me nbers of the Senate and Council ate requested to assemble not earlier th*n 4.40 p.m. at the Zoo in the basement of the hipp )potamns's den and to wear the Academic costume (an 1 other garments) proper to their respective degrees and offices. N.B.—The Senate and Council will march from the concert-room, keeping goo i time and making no inopportune remarks, the Chancellor leading the Way. . Each of the winners of degrees and scholar ships is honored by a special verse, but as rualters turned out none of the little ditties were sui'g villi any effect, for long before the atudeuU could get in their melody (he Chun cellor was miles ahead of them, for all hie butfereomc remarks were omitted, and candi dates were, thus bereft both of compliments and musical lionore. That was the result of the coming into conflict of undergrade and Chancellor.. There was a sorb of prescience in the rhyme written in respect to Miss Ethel Hedcrig Haulke, the Elder scholar in singing, which is as follows, the air being <4 O Father, dear Father ":— Once more on the platform, O Ethel, my dear, We'd like yon to join the refrain ; We'd gladly encore, but we're act very snxe That Simmy would shake hands again. Not tare, not sore Tbat Sammy would shake hands again ; We'd gladly encore, bnt we're not very sore That Sammy would shake hands again. The Benediction is not original, although the last line has been localized. The verse tfl:— God bless oar native land. And send us jurisprudence. And bless Bla noblest band on earth, Hie Adelaide 'Vanity students. And bo iHssolriraau taperjptreUiosem. The members of the South Australian con tingent of the Imperial Bushmen's corps who hare come bach to Adelaide received a cold ehopV when it was made known that Lord Kitchener required them to go back to the war. There ere plenty of men willing to take their places, but these particular soldiers would prefer to stay at home for a while. It is strange, under the circumstances, that Lieutenant Roberts, M.P., and Lieutenant White should be allowed to leave the eceae of operations, for there h&B; been no sug gestion that either of Ibem is ill. Judging by recent telegrams, there has been a reornd escence of Boer energy, and the Australian soldiers are especially wanted during these guerilla fights. So far the South Australians have auffereoTfaut little in the fighting, but if I they get mixed tip in one of these Boer raids death and wounds are aara to follow, for the marauding commandos fight desperately when cornered. The Cape Dutch are any thing but loyal, and it will take a long time to smooth matters over so as to hide the gaping chasm which, the conflict has caused in the relation* of the two nationalities even after De Wet is captured or brought into subjection, while so long as he is at large there ie always fear of another rising. It remains to be seen whether Kitchener's way will be any more effective than the mild measures of F*eid*Marflli&! Lord Roberts. i Neebit, Q.C., has given up his paper, which now passes into the hands of Newton Wood, an ex-editor of the Weekly Herald. It is too early yet to say how the literary standard of the paper yill be affected by the change, but much ofiU attraction for the public will cease with thp withdrawal of the clever lawyer, who now intends to devote himself solidly to the work of his profession, which must be more profitable than journalism as he has bad experience, of it. Starting a pauer is not such a simple business as some people imagine, while the strain on pocket and brain when one man attempts to maintain it withdul assistance must be tremendous. Morning sold mowa-quickly than it could be printed at tlie outset, but afternoon and even* ing came. Adelaide lias many papers already, and it does not appear likely tliat all will attain to vigorous age. The weakest must succumb—not necessarily the weakest intellectually, but those which get the loosest, hold on the public. What a long procession of journalistic ghosts the history of lite Ade laide Press, cati show. The mere names would fill half a column printed solid. " This fiery bibbs of living valor rolling on the foe and burning with high hope shall mouhier cold am) low.*' So was it written by Pate of scores of city papers in the past. S«j doubt less it is recorded of some in the present. Why cannot crowds behave themselves sensibly in periods of elation ? There seems to be a microbe of mischief which thrires where any gathering of people takes place. Adelaide' is a big city, but there is room in its chieF thoroughfares for all to sec any pro cession or pageant which is formed if the individual spectator will but show thoughtful consideration for his neighbor. But nowa days even women and children are not re spected, and it has become positively dan gerous to mingle with a city concourse on a gala occasion. In London, in Melbourne, and in Sydney, find I suppose in other great centres the same symptoms of reversion to savagery are observable. Whether it is the " Yellow " papers that have led them astray or whether the deterioration arises among the people themselves, the fact remains. Look at the universal lunacy on Mafeking Bay. Look at the scenes connected with ihe return of the City Imperial Volunteers in London end with the homecoming of Aus tralian soldiers. Women went mad and behaved like courtesans, while there was such jostling and pushing along the line of route that self-respecting persons were glad to keep out of the way of the more demon strative sightseers. If there were real genuine enthusiasm in the unruly pnrion of tli6 crowd one would not feel so bad about it, for there are occasions when it is excusable to step beyond the bounds of moderation. But these disgraceful scenes arise from far less satisfactory causes, and the hysteria which is developing in British and Australian men and women is a thing to be wept 07er. They should learn to behave themselves decently, whether in the face of triumph or disaster, and if they cannot the police will hare to introduce a lil.lle compulsion. The inarch of the Imperial troops next month will be shorn of all its pleasure and most of its attractive* nees if matters are not managed better than was the welcome of our soldieis recently, while the vi«it ni (he l)uke and Duchess of York wiil involve a series of street catas* trophes. Once it whs possible to mingle with tlieSut urday night, and Christ mas five crowd in Rundle-Btreet without suffering anything worse than a little unavoidable squeezing, and even that could be obviated if the east ward stream would take one side of the street and the westward current the other. But latterly a tnenuce to safety has arisen in the action of hoodlums, who 6hove women arid children in such a way that they can with difficulty keep their feet. The arrest a punishment of a few of these selfish brutes would have a good eff-ct. They are not many now, but unless their roughness is dis couraged there wiii be a rapid inoreas *. It is a pleasure to be in a big crowd so long as everyone is good- tempered and considerate and there is proper organization. Under other circumstances risk of injury and even death is imminent. Surely the civic author ities and the police can regulate matters better. 