POUTS.' By Needle 1 Sir John Forrest Voted for. Federation. How many Members of the '* Cabinet can sav the same ? '(Isn't there a penalty 'not exceeding £1000' for the offence .oi .disclosing for which, side you have voted 7) 'The day oi fate passed ,with an ut ter lack of excitement.' The settled re sidents oast then- votes for continued independence with the feeling of men playing their last card in a loving game.' This is 'not an extract .from the history of some, downtrodden people in the mid dle ages. . It is merely a graphic an nouncement ('from our own correspond ent') of the fact that the people ofBoy anupvoted against federation. The corre spondent adds that these 'settled resi: dents' were 'conscious thatw-hile no po litical change can make their prospect's very bright, so no similar influence can depress their fortunes mucb below their normal level.' People must'be in a hap py state at»Boyamrp. As Bunyan beauti fully observes in his 'Pilgrim's Pro gress' — . . ? ' 'He that is down need fear no fall He that is low no pride.' ? Please observe -that I hare attempted no pun on the- word 'Boyanup' — and be grateful for my forbearance. At ~'a. recent fancy-dress ball, the young .lady is said to have appeared as Harvest. She was 'apparelled in yellow satin, and tastefully adorned. with, sea sonable products of bounteous Mother Earth.' If these seasonable '.products were of local growth her costume must have been one of the most expensive in the room. Mother Earth, may be boun teous, but not «o the fruit-seller. The late-W. E. Gladstone said that a Conservative is one who is actuated by ' mistrust of the people, tempered ? by fear. A Liberal is jone who is actuated by trust in the people, tempered by pru dence. Exactly so. But what the Liberal calls fear the Conservative calls prudence.- What , the Liberal calk ^trust in the people' the Conservative calls 'truckling to the mob.' I don't say that., the Conservative is right, or that the Liberal is right, or that any body is right. Picturesque writing seems to be more cultivated by the country papers than by those of the metropolis. Thus a Perth paper would probably 'content itself by saying, 'Although, there was no inoon, the street lamps were not lighted.' This is a ''bald and unconvincing statement.' But a non-metropalitan paper writes: — 'When the streets of the town away from the main streets, were seas of mud, and when the infant moon had not the ghost of a show of casting the feeblest ray through the umibrageous' canophy which vaulted the heavens, not a single municipal lamp was lighted. The writer urges that the lamps should be lighted longer in winter than in summer, so as to 'give the baby Tjuna' time to grow strong enough to light the dark places of B.' There is, or there was last week, a large sheet of water over a' certain fail way station. The municipal authorities say, or said, that this miriature laike is on railway property, a-nd not. under municipal control. Consequently per sons who can't swim must take their lives in their hands if they visit the sta tion on a dark night. Still, it is hardly necessary to take any steps for the. re moval of the water. In about six weeks' time it will probably have dried up3 if we have reasonably fine weather. 'Observer,' whose observations run to two columns and a fifth, says 'that the cloven' hoof -shows itself,' but 'of course it is cloaked with words.' This is not equal to the declaration of a cer tain editor (whose name I do not forget, because I never heard it), that he ha4 stripped the mask from the face of his opponents, and exposed the doyen hoof beneath. . . ?' ' ? * ? ... i .????. ?«'?..'. '..? A correspondent states that in accord with! the finding1 in a recent case, it is a crime to ask for 'Australia for the white man.' I am bound to say that when I heard the defendant speak at the time of his arrest he was calling out 'Austra- lia for the Australians.' This term might either denote the aborigines (which would exclude the greater part of the population) or the waife- people born in Australia (which would exclude all Euro peans and Almericans). Moreover, the cry 'Western Australian for t?he Western Australians' would exclude' the ' 'tofcher siders' — and1 I believe there was a time within the'memory of nranwhen't'othc? ? siders' were not exactly welcomed with open aims. 'This may have been because in some cases tbe visitors were too con scious of their own superiority. I see complaints are made this morn ing that although the intended aitera tion in the telephone numbers was known to -the department last February, the new list -was. not ready, by Aug.l — also that the 'Western Australian Hand-^ book,' which was to have been disbrirAi ted to- visitors to the 'Paris Exhibition, cannot possibly be ready before the mid dle of the month. I am moved to ez press my -thoughts in song : — Wait. If snow should fall — it may — . Sweep that' snow away, For snow will melt some day, Will vanish soon or late, - Wait, ?;???? If rain should flood the land, ' -?o drainage'need1 'b'e planned, Absorbent is the sand : The flood- must, needs aiSate. - Wait. ?'?'.? 