NOVEL. CAPTAIN CLOSE. Br CAPTAIN CHARLES KING. CHAPTER Vn.— (Continued). This did not prohibit the men from buy ing what tie Walton servants offered for salo_ontsido the fence, and if they were so Btraif;ened in circumstances they might be glad tp find a market for their surplus produce even among the Yankee invaders, provided Madam Walton were kept in ignorance of the traffic. She was uncom- promising. No intercourse with, no re cognition of, the barbarians, was her rule to kith and kin, and the few negroes who still hung about the crumbling old place repeated her "words wit h the fear born of long-continued discipline under her roof and rod in the days or their enforced and unquestioning servitude. These and other items of information as to his SDrroundings the young lieutenant had obtained from Sergeant Burns in the course of their evening watcli together. He hail no other means of studying the situation, and was hut one of the many new and comparatively inexperienced officers thiown upon their own resources at isolated posts among the States lately in rebellion.' Not yet twenty-four hours on duty with his company, ho had been ordeied to proceed with an armed force to the succour of cfficeis of law snpposably besieged by a rebellious mob, and now, at midnight, in the beirt of a strange country and far from the heart of its people he was commanding officer of his company and cauip, without definite in structions of any kind and only liis native common sense to guide him. Lambert has since told two women — his wife and his mother — how his thoughts wandered back to the peaceful old home stead in the far Noithland, and the teach ings of his boyhood days. He made a sturdy fight against the feeling of loneli ness that oppressed him. He wished the uiu UlUiY O \7 DUA&lljrf; 111 bUtAA spiteful, vicious puffs. It seemed as though, nature had eorubinod with old Lady Walton to give him ungracious wel come to this particularly shady side of the siinny South. The wind itself was whis pering sarcastic and withering remarks to him, like those the sergeant repeated as coming from Madam Walton to the de fenceless captain ; and even Burne's sense Of subordination could not down hiB im pulse to chuckle over some of tht-m. What would Lambert do or say if the prim and starchy dame were to call upon him, as she occasionally had on his superior, driving him at last to the refugo of the nethermost depths of his tent, whence, as Burns declared, the captain couldn't be induced to come out (ill the old ludy was back inside hi r own door ? The last time he 'tied up Riggs' — a punishment much resorted to in the rough war days and those ihut closely followed them, especially by those officers who were themselves graduitea fri m the ranks or the volunteers — it was for trespass on the la/ o 1 A M 1 t\1 -.1 na fpl, ft A-1 1 1 1- m Ln .1 a! .m L., J 4'aciw J.ilU I Ull'vl Uflll lAAJLIUCU the fenr e and was pilfering among the old fruit trees when caught by Madam Walton. That was bad enough, but Le had been impudent to her, which was worse. The nien themselves would probably have ducked him in tho stream — tho ol', self-respecting soldiers, that is — had the captain not ordered his sum mary punisnuieut. Lambert was wonder ing what steps ho should take in the interests of discipline, when ho finally blew out his candlo, determined, if a pos sible thing to get to sleep. It was just a quarter-past twelve when, he wound his watch and stowed it toulei- hia.rude pil low. His revolver,: the day's purchaso, lqy, with torao matches, close at hand. He had even placed his swoid and belt at the. foot of his cot. The last thing he thought of before closing, hiB oyeswas.that hq would have to get a lantern on: the j morrow, even if he bought it of Cohen.; ! but it was also the last thing he thought I of when the morrow came. ,Was it the wind agqip, whispering ugly things, or the ghost qf Lady Walton, with -her acidulated tongue, that roused him, he knew not how many minutes— or hours later ? Something was whispering, surely. The wind had been doing a good deal of that sort of thing all the night long among the leaves, a good deal of snarling and growling at times, and there was muttered snarling going on around him now. That might be the wind ; but1 the wind would not trip up over a tent; rope and say suoli blasphemous things about it, even if it did nearly- pull the1 flimsy structure down. In an instant Lambert was wide awake. 1 1 Who's there ?' he challenged, sternly. : No answer, — not in words, at.least,— but- there was sound as of stealthy yet hurried movement, more straining at the ropes on the side nearest the captain's tent, and heavy,' starcle'd breathing. ' '"Who's there ?' he ropeated, reaching for his revolver. ' Answer, or I fire.' Then came a mighty strain, a jerk, a stumble and plunge, the sound as, of a heavy fall, followed by instant scramble «n>i a rush of footfalls around the rear of citnp. Lambert was out of bed and into his boots in. half a .minute ; but in .his haste ho upset the chair on which laj the ma tches, and the box wont rolling to the floor. Pistol in hand, he darted out into the night, and found it blackias Erebus. Q tickly he ran to the first sergeant's tent, but Burns was hard to waken after the long day's work. Once roused, However, lib was soon out, lantern in hand, while. L mbert hastily dressed, and then to gether they scouted camp. A glance at tlioir tent Bhoiyed" that Riggs and Murphy wore still absent. A. peep at the watch showed that it. was, almost; two o'clock j a so.irch around Lambert's tent revealed nothing beyond tho fact that , the "corner peg to which the tent-fly was guyed was torn from the. ground, and the soft, sandy soil showed that heavy boot-heels had made, their imprint. Then Buriis, still Liiitern- bearing, wont crouching, low. arpjund the back of Close's tent, while Lambert, with straining ears, stood, stock still an instant in front, then, of a sudden, tore like mad through the rousing camp, out past the dim white canvas of the waggons, out past the startled sentry, up 1 the steep pathway to the hard, red-road beyond, down which he ran on the. wings of the wind till He reached the gateway to the forbidden ground, for a Woman's ugUillSDU DLiiAoa UnU A UUg UUu, U||UII liUo night, and the sound of blows, Of crashing glass, of fierce and desperate struggle, of muttered oaths, of panting, pleading, half-stifled cries, of wild dismay and re newed screams for help, all came crowd ing on the ear from the heart of the Walton place. ' CHAPTER viii. As he rushed around the Southern side of the old house,— the side whence all this uproar proceeded, — Lambert came sud denly upon two dim, swaying figures.' The one nearest him — that of a man — was clutching, throttling, apparently, a slighter form in white, a woman. The butt of his revolver straightened out the dark figure with one crack, and then for a moment everything was darkness and confusion. A lamp, held by some scream ing female at a neighbouring window, was dropped with a crash. Tho screams sub sided to scurry and chatter and Ethiopian .protestations and furious demands : ' You Elinor! you black nigguh ! — you let mo: out this room instantly!' The ruBh of footsteps to the window again, and tragic .appeals : ' Mamma — ma-ain- ma ! Whut's .happened? Do answer ! Do make Elinor flet me to you, or Ah'll jump .out this .window. Ah.'m coming now.' And in deed a dim, elender form could just be .descried, arrayed in white, bending low ifrom the casement, when -Burns with his lantern came tearing round the corner. Then a majestic voice, -imperious even though woll-nigh breathless, was heard : 'ICatherine, return to your bed instantly. Do you hear ? Instantly ! And send- Elinor to me.' That Katherine shot back within the -sheltering blinds was possibly due not so much to the impetus given her by those imperative orders as to that imparted by ; the sight of a pair of Bhoulder-straps and :the face of the young officer gazing in be wilderment about him. Well might he -lcok amazed 1 At his feet on the pathway. Private Riggs wa3 sprawling, still half .stunned by the blow he had. received. On his back, amidst the wreck of a glass hot- ibed, Private Murphy was clutching at , empty air and calling on all the saints in ithe Hibernian calendar to rescue him from tho hands of that old beldam. On ; tho pathway, in a loose wrapper, her i bosom heaving with mingled wrath and exhaustion, one hand firmly clutching a stout cane, the other clasping together at iher white neck tho shreds of her torn and aisjievellea garo, her dark eyes flashing .fire, her lips quivering, stood a. woman | certainly not fifty years, ofago, despite the .silver in the beautiful hair streaming down upon her shoulders, and the deep j lines of griof and euro in her clear-cut; :and thoroughbred face. She leaned heavily on tho stick an instant, but raised it ; threatoningly as tho luckloss Murphy jstrovo to sit up and. staunch tho blood'- 1 trickling from his la'corated hands and ;faco. Don't you dare to move, sub,' she pan ted, ' unless ' And the uplifted \- came supplied, most suggestively, the, ellipsis. . Oh, fur the luy o' God, ma-am, don't hit me ag'in ! Sure i'd niver prezhoome, ma'am — — ' ' " ' Shut up, Murphy !' growled Burns. ' It's easy to see what brought you here. — "Shall I let Riggs up, lieutenant ? He's bleeding a good deal.' | But Riggs . didn't want tfl.get.up. He flopped helplessly back upon the grass- plot. Burns bent over and held his lan- j tern close. 'Tho man's drunk, sir,' he Baid, — 'and cut.' ' I did that, I presume,' said Lambert, still a little out of breath after the dash to the rescue. ' I found him daring to lay hands on this lady. — Madam, I sin cerely hope you are not injured. It is im possible for me to say how I deplore this Outrage. Those men shall suffer for it, I assure you.' With rapid step tho corporal of the guard, bringing with him a couplo of men qnd another lantern, came hurriedly to the scene and stood silent and alert, glancing eagerly from face to face. Two pr three frightened negroes had crept around the rear portico and hung trem bling behind their mistross. With a shawl thrown oyer her head and shoul ders, a quadrodn girl halted half-way down the steps from the side door, her eyes dilated, and her lips twitching in terror, until a low voice from within bade Her. go oh, and a tall, dark-haired, pale- faced girl in long, loose wrapper fairly1 pushed her forward and then stepped Quickly to the elder woman's side. ; 'Go book to the house at once, my qhild. This is no place for you. Go to Katherine and tell her I say she muse not leave her bed. "Go !' And silently as she came, but with infinite and evident re- luotance, the tall girl turned and obeyed. Mris. Walton had spoken slowly and with effort. Of Mr. Lambert and his party she had as yet taken no notice whatever. Again Murphy began to squirm in his un comfortable couch of mingled mud and broken "glass and head-lettuce, and the crackling accompaniment to his moaning once more made him the object of the lady's attention.' 'Lie still, suh, sne said, low and sternly. 'lYou have broken moh glass now, suh, than youh captain can replace. Lie still whuh you are until my suh vants lift you out.— Heflry !' she called. - ; ' Ye-assum,' was the answer, as one of the negroes came reluctantly 1 forward, humbly twirling a battered hat in his bands. ' Go fetch your barrow.' 'Indeed. Mrs. Walton,' interposed Lam-1 bert, 'you need not trouble yourself. The guard shall carry these two scoundrels to damp, and prison life at Ship Island, or Tortugas, will put a stop to. their prowl ing. It is on your account I am dis tressed. We have no surgeon "at hand; I will send at once for the doctor in town—'. She raised a, slender white hand, re- linguishing her grasp upon the cane, which, now went clattering "upon the gravel of the walk. It was a sign to check him, and respectfully he broke off in his hurried words. Then again she turned to the negro, who stood with twitching face, irresolute, beside her. Did you hear me, Henry ? Go.' Again Riggs began to groan and stretch forth feeble hands. Burns looked ap- pealingly to his young officer, then as appealingly to the lady. Clearly, she was the mistress of the situation. Lambert had quihkly stooped and picked up the can'e.'but she did not see, apparently, that he wished to restore it to. her. In the light of the lanterns the mark of Rigg's Clutch was plainly visible at her white and rounded throat. 'Two of you lift this fellow,'- said Burns to i ne corporal ; . ana Dowesn rnem xwggs was 'heaved to his sprawling .'feet, 'Get him over to camp 'now and b'athe his. head. Put a bayonet through him if he tries to bolt. I'll be there presently.' And of Riggs, her assailant, and of Rigg's removal under guard, the lady of the Walton homestead took no note what ever. Rebuffed, yet. sympathetic, Lambert again essayed to speak, but the rattle of the barrow was "heard, and Henry once more loomed up within the zone of lan tern light. ' Lift that — puhson — out, she said. And when Butob would haye lent a helping hand, she "interposed: 'No, I beg you. Mysuhvants will attend to this.' And 1 neither Lambert nor his sergeant made ' further effort. Murphy, lifte'd from the wreck of the ruined' hot-bed, abject and crestfallen, scratched and bruised and bleeding,- yet neither so deadened by drink nor bo Bbunneu Dy -tue rain or mows wnicn ho had suffered as not to appreciate the humiliation of his position, was squatted in the harrow. Afc an imperious gesture from Madam Walton, Henry started to wheel him away, the corporal of the guard in close attendance. And then, with calm dignity and re covered breath, the lady turned to the boy officer : I have not thanked you. yet — ' 'Oh, Mrs. Walton, I beg you not to speak of thanks. If you knew how— how ashamed I am, and my regiment will be - that any of our men could have dared ' The very intensity of the young 'fellow's indignation choked him, and gave her the floor. ' Once before this they came, and .then I warned.' This time, having no men to call upon ' (negroes, it seems, could not be .counted as such), ' I. was compelled, my self, to chastise. May I ask the -safe re- jturn of our barrow, —it is the only vehicle ithe war has loft us, — and that we may bo -permitted to retire f' And she swept a stately courtesy. '-But, madam- — ' began i.atriberfc, ut terly ohagrined at the ' abtitu le of- cold .and determined avoidauoo - iii which she ipersisted, 'you have been brutally -handled; I insist on sending for our con tract doctor : it is the best we can offer to-night — — ' 'Neither to-night, nor at any other itime. would hii auhviceR ho iinnontahlo. jBuh. I need no. doctoh. ' We learned — we had to learn— how to do without luxuries jof every kind during the war; and Dr. Hand — I think that is the name of the ; physician you reler to — would be too much j of a luxury at any time. I regret that your men should need his suh vices, : but ; they brought it on themselves.' "They will need him more before the captain gets through with 'em, ma'am,' .said Sergeant Burns, seeing that his.young superior was at a loss what to say. As he ,Bpoke, the tall, dark-haired girl once more appeared, and swiftly, noiselessly-stepped to her mother's' side. "JL'here'd be no ; need of -a court-martial or of your having to testify, if Captain Close could- settle this— or let us do it.' ' Mother, come in, — please do, — and lot those gentlemen go/ said the girl. ' In- deed, we are very- much obliged-to you/ jshe continued, addressing Lambert, 'tor coming so quiokly/ (To be continued.) a prominent newspaper in Brussels, : during a recent, strike, "appeared as a 'richly illustrated. sixteen-page. paper with- 'out the help, of a single . compositor. The newq had .been set up' on, a typewriter. .The typewritten. Bheets and pictures were pasted on. a . large cardboard. Then, the wholo.was rodupod, by photography to the actual size, and frpra the negative a print was made on a sensitised sheet of z(nc. W.th tbe aid of nitric acid the type and ill. istrations were etched in, and there- suit was a complete solid forme ready for th /press. Wife,: ' What are you busy. at.?' . Young Physician . I am writing abet ter to the newspapers, abusing Dr. Blank, tho great scientist/ /But Br, .Blank has never donp.yon.any liafim, and yqjagree with his theories/ 'Triio.; but it is, agaiqst the, ride for physicians to edyerfciso, . and I must get myaeif before the'public somehow/ 