Among the lcebergs A STORY OF ARCTIC ADVENTURE. CHAPTER I. IN WHICH HARRY STARTS ON HIS VOYAGE. 'Ha, ha' laughed the captain. ' I didn't think you believed in those old women's superstitions, Bodge. But now I have got her, I mean to change her bad luck into good ; and the first thing I shall do is to alter her name into the 'The Raymond,' after an old friend of mine.' Bodge shut his telescope with a bang— his favourite way when he wanted to be emphatic.' 'Change her name as much as you like, but she's the same craft still, mind ye; that. 'And the old fellow having given his opinion, walked off, leaving Harry half amused and half vexed. Well, anyway, I'm not going to be frightened by any nonsense of that sort,' said he to himself. 'The schooner's a good ship, and I don't believe the good luck I have had all my life is going to turn.' And walking towards the vessel, as if he had made up his mind, he clambered up her side and entered into conver sation with the foreman of the ship wrights. If you had chosen to inspect the schoo ner, you would have seen that she was being fitted up with a strength which showed she was going on no ordinary voyage. Infact, to anyone who knew anything about such matters, it was plain she was intended to battle with the mighty ice fields and terrific storms of the Arctic regions. Outside she was being covered with stout oak planking, while, within, beams were stretched from side to side to resist the immense pressure of the ice. There were uprights reaching from the bottom of the vessel to the deck, and these were connected with the horizontal beams by means of diagonal fastenings. The hatchways and entrances to the cabins were made smaller so as to close them more effectually against the cold, while on to the bows iron plates were securely riveted, until the stem was as sharp as a knife, and looked able to cut through anything. 'About a fortnight after Bodge had given his opinion on the Raymond— for so we must now call her — she was pronounced ready to receive her cargo, and once more she took up her old position in the harbour. The next week was spent in getting the stores on board, and every one had plenty of work to do. As Captain Sinclair expected to be away at least two years, while the land he was going to was desolate and barren, at least for some months in the year, it was necessary to take a very large stock of provisions. Besides a great quantity of salt pork and beef, there were three tons of pemmican, which is beef cut into thin strips, dried over a wood fire, pounded, mixed with a quantity of beef fat, and then pressed into tins. Then came a large stock of pre served vegetables, many gallons of lime juice to prevent scurvy, several gross of bottled ale and stout, a multitude of casks of flour and biscuit, and any number of little dainties — most of them presents — the latter being especially highly prized. There were also three boats built on pur pose for the expedition, four sledges, ice saws, ice-anchors, harpoons, whale lines, firearms, charts, chronometers and other instruments, warm clothing, and a host of other articles too numerous to name. Fifty tons of wood and coal and a well stored magazine, completed the cargo, and when the powder was stowed away Capt. Sinclalr pronounced the ship ready for sea. Since the ship had been lying in the harbour she bad caused a good deal of curiosity among the townspeople, and every day groups could be seen standing about watching the stores being taken on board. The most regular attendant was a tall, gaunt looking, shabbily dressed man, who wandered restlessly about, and never took his eyes for a moment off the vesseI. He had somewhat the air of a sailor, although his dress was that of a landsman. His face was dirty and un shaven, he had a wild expression in his eyes, and seemed to be half-starved. He haunted the vessel from morning until night, and though when anyone spoke to him he shuffled off, yet in the course of the next half-hour he would be seen again with his eager, watchful air, and keen, hungry-looking eyes. I do wish that fellow wouldn't stick there, said Harry Sinclair more than once to his mate, Roberts. 'He hangs about the ship like a ghost. I don't be- lieve in any rubbish of that kind; but, upon my word, it's enough to put one in low spirits.' Don't you know who he is, sir?' said Roberts. No; how should I? ' That's Sutherland, the man who built the schooner. She ruined him, so I've heard; and what with that and the death of his wife who died while he was away, he's gone cranky.' The man who was slouching past as Roberts said this, seemed to know they were speaking about him, and he looked up, and Harry saw that the mate was right. Ths poor fellow-was indeed out of his mind. 'Poor fellow' thought Harry, 'he looks dreadfully poor. I must find out where he lives, and send him along something.' And Harry carried out, his intention. He sent the poor man a sum of money, without, however, letting him know where it came from, and gave orders to the crew not to molest him in any way. Whether Sutherland suspected who had befriended him Harry could not tell; but be fancied the man did not look so wild and strange as before. However, the hurry and bustle of getting ready for sea drove everything else out of his head, and he became so accustomed to see the man on the quay, that he soon ceased to think about it. At last the day came when the ship was to start. It was the beginning of June, and the bright sun seemed to be- speak a successful voyage. A great number of friends came down to Aberdeen to see the schooner off, among them being a very o|d friend of Harry's, Captain Raymond. He had been closely associated with Harry's early career, and had come to London to see him off. As he bade Harry good bye, be said, half in jest and half in earnest : 'If you don't come back in two years' time, I shall bring Mrs. Sinclair out to join you.' Harry smiled at his friend's words, but returned no answer. At length the last words were said, and Harry having bade his wife a tender farewell, his friends returned to the quay. The ship, to which a little tug had been fastened, was about to move slowly away, when suddenly there came aloud 'Ahoy !' from the quay. Harry looked up and saw a man wheel ing a barrow, which had on it a large box. He was making as much haste as possible, and seemed very much anxious to reach tbe ship before she started. 'What's this ?' said the captain to the mate. 'Don't know, sir. We've got our stores all right,' returned Roberts. The man, meanwhile puffing and blow ing, had wheeled his barrow up to the ship, and laying hold of the box, put it carefully on his shoulder. It's some present from one of our friends, I daresay,' said the captain. This was a very natural supposition, for he had already received numbers of pre sents. The box was accordingly hauled on deck and the man brought it, and who was an ordinary porter, wheeled bis bar row away. The little tug now began to puff and snort, and, amid loud cheering and a great waving of handkerchiefs and caps, the Raymond slowly left the harbour. To be continued 