NEWS AND NOTES. It will be satisfactory to admirers of the hero of Rorke's Drift b to know that the requisite sum for the Chard memorial bust and soldier's bed (£1,000) has now been collected, and that the County of Somerset will have at its disposal for over in the county hospital at Taunton a free bed for a soldier (born in the county, or with certain residential S nidifications), his wife, widow, " or land. The press censor, Major Jones, of the ' Wiltshire Regiment, is the very incar- nation of shrewd matter-of-fact common sense, with a grave, quiet, self-contained manner. Major Jones knows war, and will spot at a moment what should and if what should not be told. At the same ' time he will sympathise with the corro- respondents, for he has been something of a pressman himself, and was at one time the editor of the Gibraltar Chronicle. According to China, the Prince of * Wales goes among his relatives by the name of " Borne," the Princess is J known as "Alix," and their youngest r, daughter, Princess Maud, is " Harry " to all the Royal Family. Her eldest " sister, Princess Victoria, is "Torre," , while the eldest son of the Duke and ¿ Duchess of York goes by the name of 't " David," which is the last of the six ' (names bestowed on the future King of j England. The late Duke of Clarence was known as "Eddie," the Duke of Saxe Coburg and Gotha as "Alf," his í Russian wife as Marie," while the , Duke of Connaught responds to the í name of " Pat," although there is nothing Irish about him excepting, perhaps, his ducal title. The late Duchess of Teck was "Polly" to all ° her relatives, and her bereaved Iiub { band is known as " Frank." His oldest son, Prince Adolphus, is "Dolly," a " name whose origin is obvious. The ? Emperor of Russia is " Nilcki," while the German Emperor is " Willie," even to his German kith and kin. His j eldest sister, the Princess of Saxe- ? Meiningen," is " Lottie," and his next sister, Princess Victoria, is, like her s mother, known as Vicky." The Burns cult, or "superstition," seems to be as vigorous as over to judge J] from the fact that the number of the V visitors to the Burns cottage and monument, near Ayr, for the year ending September 30 reached the unprecedented figures of 42,490 and 53,831 ' respectively. Among the year's visitors were MENG. Thomson, of Crossiiiyloof, ' a great grandson of the poet, and Jean r Armour Burns Brown, of Dumfries, a ' great-granddaughter. The names of the Marquis of Dufferin and Ava and the Duke of Portland appear among Î those of the visitors to the cottage. So also, the monument, does that of F Charles B. Triple, the " armless man " ' of Barnum and Bailey's show who book ' off his boots to sign his name with the port hold between his toes. His writing is described as " a good plain caligraphy J that would not disgrace a Civil Service candidate." His fellow ''freak," the r bearded lady of the show, inscribed her S name in the book at the same time. It appears there in unadorned simplicity was " Annie Jones, Brooklyn, N.Y. " X " is the initial letter of the Greek s name. of Christ (Aristos), and the com- cidence of its cruciform shape led to c its adoption as a figure and symbol of 1 Christ. In the Catacombs X is fro- , quently found to stand for Christ, The earliest Christian artists, when milking a presentation of the Trinity, would place either a cross or an X beside the ' Father and the Holy Ghost. But the extension of the symbol to compound c or derivative words like Xmas and a Xtianity is an affectation which, though e, sanctioned by long usage, cannot be commended. - One of the _ best-known hostesses in London once invited two friends of Mr. J T. P. O'Connor's to a fashionable function. They were mother and severe- i fined, intellectual, delightful people, but they were strangers to London, and, ( except the Irish M.P., they know no '. one in the vast gathering in the spacious rooms. The hostess, after the J London fashion, had to let them shift for themselves. " First," said the lady, I treated my son as if he were my husband ; then I treated him as if he were an admirer ; then as if we were strangers and ultimately I could keep up the pretence no longer, and we run it away." Could such a thing have Imp- is pencil, inquires M.A P., in a drawing J room in either New York or Paris ? I Should you ever be so unfortunate as to be found with your hand in someone else's pocket put it down to rheuma- ' them. This was the excuse an old ' woman gave in one of the London police courts the other day, in answer j to a charge of attempted pocket-picking in the crowd at a fashionable wed- ' ding. The pain, she said, caused her to move her hands and legs in a way that might have been regarded as suspicious. ' Three stamps and a coin which were found on her were claimed by a lady outside the church, who must have been very sharp to identify them. ' When Mr. Horace Smith, the stipendiary magistrate, reminded her that she had not questioned the witnesses she wept " My dear, it's no use," she said. " They have put it together, but I am as innocent as you sitting there. I have never been in such a dreadful place as this before. It's horrid !" She ought to have got off for her sublime audacity. This is not an Anglo-colonial story, but it is Imperial in the largest and finest sense of the word. Also, it won't take long to tell. On November 4 the old Scotch fisherman, as usual, from Gordon, in pursuit of daily bread. Their boat got upset, and three of the lads were at once carried down into the vortex by a swirling eddy. The old man managed to get hold of an oar, and by- and-by his second son appeared swimming by his side Seeing that the war could only support one, the lad bade his parent farewell, crying " Weel, well, father? I main pass away'!" and sank. The old man was picked up unconscious half an hour afterwards. A counterpart exists at Devonport (England) to the case of a family of six soldier sons which was recently brought under the notice of Her Majesty, the difference being that in this instance there are seven sons, all serving in the Royal Navy. The father of these is Mr. John Hobden, of 57, Alexandra road, Ford, who joined the navy on September 3, 1892. His seven sons in the navy article Henry, commissioned boatman, at Lyme Regis ; Alfred, ward- room cook of the cruiser Pelorus, in the Channel Squadron ; James, leading seaman of the cruiser Arrogant, in the Channel Squadron ; William, able sea- man of the Ramillies, on the Mediterranean station ; F. Roblin,' ordinary seaman of the Magnificent, Channel Squadron ; Arthur, ordinary seaman of the battleship Renown, at Malta and B. Hobler, naval shipwright apprentice at Devonport Dockyard. The north of Cape Colony is essentially Dutch, and the Boer (anglice farmer) has evidently joined tooth and nail with his relations over the Orange River. It was in this country the New Zealanders and the New South Wales Lancers lately saw the realism of actual warfare. A " farm in South Africa in the thinly-populated districts, such as where the New Zealand upon fought, is an enormous area of ground. The holdings often run into thousands of "morgen," and that space means a little over two acres. The beacons are the mountains or perhaps kopjes. Heaps of stones are built up and white time it might be, one in five years. Only a few I sheep, goats, cattle, and horses are run. (for the Afrikander is not augment funds. The ub man disdains work. she has plenty ofiKaffirsEto detail he requires A writer n£the"Chrúf<a»|| H'orfcZ warns young? fellows about to settle in New Zealand under no consideration to pay heavy premiums, or any premiums at all, to learn farming." Inform hands," he says, " are generally in demand, especially in Taranaki ; new chums can always get work for their keep until they got a footing and a knowledge of colonial agriculture. One may sometimes come across advertisements for cadets, premium required. Beware of such. Be guarded against unprincipled _ agents, and I hope that those intending going there will consider well before entering into any bond of the kind. I was once a new chum myself, and I have lately come from Taranaki." A week or two ago the Rev. T. de Witt Talmage, the great American preacher, took for the subject of his sermon the story of Jephthah, and in the next issue of the Cincinnati Inquirer there appeared a verbatim account of the discourse, but with the following remarkable headings added : -" Jephthah the Old Freebooter At an Early Ago He Was Forced to Rough Hi-Ho Held to the End of His String in Great Shape-And Soon Served Up the Games of Twenty Cities -On His Return from Victory He Kept a Promise-He Must Sacrifice the First Person Seen in His Doorne Looks-Holy Horrors It is His Fair Daughter-But Jephthah was a Man of His Word and The Beautiful Young Girl Was Slain." This is surely carrying headline craze a bit too far. Apropos of the impending resignation of the living of St. Barnabas by its popular vicar, " Father " Noel, so much ( honoured by Oxford men of all schools, , a story is current which professes to be absolutely true. During the recent ( Episcopal Conference the vicar begged { of his congregation to pray for the , bishops that their deliberations might ( be guided aright. Perhaps, be added, . he might offer the suggestion that they should use the "Prayer for those at Sea." ¡ To please and be pleased is the motto , of the cultivated Frenchman, and of ( nearly all the Latin peoples. Ronan (says a writer in the London Daily Telegraph) carried the practice so far that he often allowed it, if not to warp his scientific judgment, at least to modify his literary criticism. "lb is second nature with me," I have often heard him a mark, " to say something agreeable to a man, even though I have to go far afield in search of it, and always to refrain from giving utterance to opinions which are apt to hurt or offend him." Frenchmen are moderate, lively, and good natured. They seldom push things to extremes. Superficial in dislike, as in love, they sting without maiming, and endeavour to be witty rather than venomous The manner in which the English nation receives the news from the front should serve as a lesson of the ut- most importance to us. A great nation, a mighty Empire, which has spread the folds of its Royal purple over the four cardinal points of the globe, over all the seas, and in all the continents, suffers defeat from a mere handful of peasants, who are obstructing the civilising work which old Albion is pursuing in Africa. And yet the English nation, whose prestige has never been affected to such an extent from the times of the great Napoleon, has not risen against the Government, has not lost confidence in those at its head, nor has it, by following the advice of demagogues, created difficulties to its statesmen. The good shooting made by the Powerful's brigade in Natal, at the battle of Ladysmith, is a matter for con- gratulation, The navy suffered a good deal at Majuba and it holds pretty clear ideas about wiping out that affair. In the China fleet, from which the Powerful comes, they have had a good deal of practice with their shore guns, and no one is likely to allow that practice to be wasted. To the naval road, however, there is nothing like rockets for the Boers. War rockets are terrify ing things, and in the navy they are well skilled in the use of them. - The statement of the Boer prisoners to the effect that some of their men when shot by the Lee-Metford bullet, did not know they were wounded for some time is very interesting. Army surgeons say that the expressions of the faces of soldiers killed in the battle reveal the causes of death, Those who have perished from sword wounds have a look of repose, while on the countenance of those slain by bullets there is an expression of intense pain With the high-penetialing bullets of the present time, however, the wound is so clean, that where fatal, death is almost painless. The naval guns at Ladysmith consist of two 4in. quick-firing guns and four 12-pounder _ quick-firers. The 47th. wire gun weighs 4cwt, exclusive of its heavy mourning, and has a total length of 10ft. 2in. Its projectile weighs 40lb., the charge is cordite, and at 600yds. it can penetrate nearly 8in. of wrought iron. The four 12-pounders are long 12-pounder quick-firing, and can fire a projectile of 12lb. weight with cordite charges. Though the projectile is lighter than that of the 15-pounder guns, it is a more dangerous gun at long , ranges ; even at 600yds. it is very L Belling. __________ 