CLEANED OUT A CIRCUS Major llmtt A. Xr*m»M bi-t« n-t« another ot hi* i-harai-twiftir *toru«* Ihr la*t time he «** i,i town, my* the ' Ml. loan* Ib-puldic.' This i» iht w*v heUfld it, ami there were pirwnl halt a flioeo to vouch (-u tt* truthfulne**. ' Away back la an or bv mere ureo an »M fellow by the turnout Mumplcr, who wa* a neighbour of mine. lie had been in the Greek war under Gen. Jarkson. and one of hi* relatives had been killed ill the niawiBcre at I'ori Minims. He had a great and undying hatred of Indian*, and was very bitter in his denunciation ot them at all limes. He was tall, iron givy, and well preserved for lii* age. He made tubs, half -bushel measures, Ac., and made a mere living at this occupation. 1 gave tile aid man the title of ' General ' of which lie was very proud. ' Frank Perriue, a neighbour of wine, who lias since died, and myself, opened out hearts and handB and agreed to ' take the General ' to a circus at my town, Huntsville, Mo. We purchased the tickets and gave liirn surac odd change to buy lemonade. The ' General,' Frank and myself took a lower scat. Now, the circus had a dctachnicn l of about twenty Indians, who came in with wur paint and feathers and danced tlx: green coru, the ghost dance, and oilier Indian per formances, and then performed a scalping scene. ' It was very realistic. A white woman rode into the ring with an Indian holding a tomahawk and scalping knife iu close pur suit. Round and round the ring they - new, the Indian gaining on the white inuiden whose black hair hung in glossy waves down her back. She acted her part well, and was . apparently much frightened. ' The Indian grabbed the woman and dragged her from the liorse, threw her down, and scalped her. He held up the wig, all . dripping with blood — Venetian red. A thrill of horror penetrated the audienoe. General Sumptcr's blood was up, and, before Frank and myself could restrain him, rushed into the ring and with his hickory stick felled the Indian to the ground. The remaining Indians closed around the 'General,' but his 'dander' was up. ' The Indians commenced falling asleep under his repeated blows as faHt ub they did at the 'Horse Shoe.' Frank and myself rushed into the ring to bring the ' General ' out. The crowd was yelling with delight, thinking it part of the show. Above the yells of the combatants could be heard the loud laugh of Forked Eyed Adams, a well-known character from the Chariton divide, who could laugh so loud that it was said it killed the mosquitoes on the Chariton river a mile off. ' As Frank grabbed the ' General ' a big burly showman knocked him down. The old clown made at me. I was an athlete in those days. J dodged him and gave him a right hander on the nose and sent hint out of the ring. At that moment an Indian struck me over the head with a stuffed war club and sent ine to the sawdust. The ' General ' sent him on top of me with a club that was not stutteu. Several ot our tnends rusiiea in to help us, but the darned fool crowd yet believed it part of the show, and wereenjoying it hugelv. Forked Eyed Adam's laugh was heard above the war cries of the Indians, and the old ' General ' was yelling a' the top of his voice, ' Hurrah for Gen. Jackson und Davy Crockett.' ' I finally got hold of the clown, and Frank grabbed theGeueral.and matters were adjusted without actual murder being com mitted. Frank carried away a black eye and I had a knot as big as a banging bird's nest over my right ear. The next year we declined to take the ' General ' to the circus.' 