THE TUBE. [By Veno.] The Christmaa race meetings-^that is, those held on Boxing Day— lave been less successful than UBual this year, notwith (trading that near the coast tV weather conditions were exceptionally favourable. There are several reasons for the non snecess; one of which U preventable— namely, too many dubs in the one neigh bourbooa racing on tte same day . Boxing Day is probably about the worst holiday in the year to race in Central and Northern Queensland, and yet there are more meet ings held OB that occasion than any other dnring the year. The number of horses, too, are limited, and when they are di vided np between ten or a dozen meetings, it means that most of them will have snail fields. At Mount Morgan, Grace Mere, and Yeppoon— all within a radius of fifty mOu) amual important races had only two starters, with the TesuK a ' moral ' for one. That is all right for the owners who cot the price money np. but it is poor consolation for the commit tee of dubs -who nave to struggle and schema to get the prize money together, and after all have to put their hands in Iheir pockets to pay the deficit. This sort of thing generally effects its own cure, by reducing the prize money, .and then owners growl. It would be much better if Yep poon, CawarraL and Mount Morgan, the three principal dubs which race at Christ mas tone outside the town, came to some agreement on the matter, and decided to xaee-say) Mount Morgan on Boxing Day, Cawarral on the succeeding Saturday, and Yeppoon on New Year's Day. That plan would give three days' lacing, and all the horses could compete at the three meetings if desired ; with an odd afternoon for Gncemere. This time, of course,- New Tear's Day would have been nnsuitable in consequence of the Commonwealth celebra tions, but the 31st of December could have been taken instead. It is a matter for the Executive of the Central Queensland Rac ing Association to consider whether two or more dubs should be allowed to race cm the same day within (say) a radius of fifty mfles. It would be better for clubs to arrange the dates themselves, of course, but one thing is quite clear, the clashing of race meetjngs docs the sport harm, and often prevents committees from meeting their engagements without personal loss. The Cawarral Christmas race meeting takes place to-day, commencing at twdve o'clock. ' The Emerald meeting will be held on New Year's Day. A capital programme has been prepared, and the nominations and entries have been first-class. A suc cessful result is certain, provided the wea ther is favourable. A gentleman who was at the Yeppoon races on Wednesday states the meeting was not so interesting as it usually is. The Maiden Plate was won by Find Out, and the Jumbo Handicap by Merang. Only three started for the Yeppoou Handicap, and Tipperary won from Orphan Boy and Merang. The Consolation Handicap was secured by Orphan Boy. The following are the weights for the two principal events to be run at Bajool on the ]st of January; — Baioel Handicap.— Cal.TO, 11 st. 6 16; Erin, 10 rt. 10 ft; Corsair, 10st 8tt: Sout, 10 st. i ft; Mah-em, 0 st. 4 ft. Members' Welter Handicap. — Calico, 11 st. 10 ft; Erin, 11 St. I ft; Corsair, 10 st 1211), Boue, 10 st. 7 tt; Malvera, 9 st 8 ft. The following weights have been de clared for the Cawarral and Federation handicaps to be run on Saturday, the 29th Instant:— Cawarral Handicap.— -Spotneart, JI st. 10 ffi; Hard Times, 10 st, 6 ft; Monogram, 10 St.; Tipperary, 10 et; Merang, 9 st. 8 Tb; Jack (late Ghetto'), 3 it.-, NecUr, S st. 12 Ib; Corsair, S st. 6-ft; Meg, S st. 6 ft. Federation Handicap.— Spotheart, 12 st.; Monogram, 10 st 7 ft; Tipperary, 10 st. i B.; Skipper, 10 st 2 ft; Jack (late Ghet to), 9 et 6 ft; Nectar, 9 et 2 ft; Merang, 5 st 2 Ib; Canton, 9 st; Corsair, 6 st 7Ib; Meg, 8 st 6 ft; Mayflower, 8 st At a meeting of the Towers Jockey Club last weekj -the ' Miner ' gives the follow ing particulars of tie business done : — Mr. R. Russell was appointed the Club's dele gate to the North Queensland Racing Asso ciation's Conference. A member having allowed another person to use his ticket was expelled ; his excuse that he did not know he was doing wrong was not accep ted. Mr. Russell referred to trotting horses being trained on the track ; they were the property of members, but should not be allowed there. During a discussion the Secretary mentioned that be had ob tained a list of fourteen men and horses who were to be disqualified by the North Queensland Racing Association for patron ising unregistered meetings. He had heard that horses, the property of the members, were trained on the course, and then ran at squash shop meetings on Sunday. It was decided to leave the matter over for the new Committee. It was mentioned that one member of the Committee hiad got a horse fit on the course, and -then went and won the programme at Klondike. This closed the business. Mr. de Soysa, is sending to Australia for a jockey to ride Merioolas in the Viceroy's Cup, India. - Mr. B_ Govett. the recent , purchaser of the St. Albans Estate, is stated to have re fused an offer of £5000 on- his bargain. Major George, it is reported, intends to make his home in Victoria. Wapiti, his place in Auckland, is notified for sale. The Queensland horse Boreas DL, at Warwick Farm on the 22nd instant, says a Sydney paper, in the principal event woo rather easily. Boreas now is an entirely different horse to what h'e was last season, and the trip bade to his native colony has worked wonders in him. At the Queens land Turf Club Autumn Meeting he gave signs of returning to his best form, but tie poor quality of the horses opposed to him greatly discounted his performances. Just now Boreas is looking in the pink of con dition. The Pjince of Wales has retained H. Jonev who rode Diamond Jubilee in the Two Thousand Guineas, Derby, and -St Leger, to ride for him next season. iSays a Sydney paper : — The racing mare Wild Olive, who is said to be coming to Sydney to stay, was foaled in 1891, and has started in about 115 races for eighteen wins. : . The late meeting of the Q.T.G has re sulted in tne very handsome profit, of £6(10, ears the ' Brisbane. Courier.' This result, considering that nearly £2000 was paid away by the dub, can only be regarded as splendid. Last year for the sa-ne meeting the dub's profit amounted to enly £9&. The celebrated ErgUsh trainer, John Porter, has had his say in the London press about American trainers and jockeys, and among other things said ' the lattei had done some good in- compelling English jockeys to -set a good pace, and not mess their horses about as they had been in thi habit of doing. Races are now run at a much truer pace than they were, and conse quently condition is much more likdy to tdL' Mr: Potter went on to say, -? He was sciry that since the American jockeys ap peared amongst us we have had more com plaints of foul riding than we have had for veal's before. I see it is suggested by some that it is impossible under the American style of riding to keep a. horse straight Well, I ha.ve watched races doselv, and I have come to the conclusion that* there is method in their manner of swerving, as \\!iey invariably swerve to tie side where danger threatens, be it left or right' Mr. Porter further remarks ' that good jockeys in lungtaild arc diminishing annuallv, and says that if owners cannot get the best jockeys they will not run their horse. It i? air. jst impossible to get good jockeys to ride a trial, for they hare not a day to spare for that purpose. For instance, the week before an important meeting like As cot ot Goodwood you want to try your two-year-olds, and naturally would like your jockey who is to ride them in their races to ride them in their trials, so that should the youngster liave any little l^culiarilies the jockey would become ac quainted with them, and so be' able to turn iiis knowledge to account in the race ; but no, the jockey is engaged elsewhere, and this in spite of you paying him a large re taining fee for his services.' The following are the excellent nomina tions received for the two principal events at tlie Emerald meeting on Xew Years Day :— Hying Handicap of £30 : Necho, 'iellow Plush, Carnation, Colleen Bawn, Young Percy, Charlie, Lady Morpeth, Wal lace, Alice, Spinnaker, The Ghost, Sharp shooter, T-ui katonc, JJ?_ Smuggler, KtS, Traveller (late Drayton), The Blaise, Stilts, Overlander, Dissipation. Emerald TTatt^:. cap of £50 r- Necho, Ydlow Plush, Carna tion, Colleen Bawn, Sam, The Peer, Charlie, Schoolmaster, Lady Morpeth, Wallace, Alice, Inspector, The Ghost, Moya, Gladia tor, Luckitone, JJ-, Smuggler, Overlander. ' BoondT whites in the ' Beferee':— From amS beginnings what astounding results may follow! Amongst the more or less valuable animals on sale at York lair in 1810 was one known as the Coriander mare. Purchasers, however, were shy, ?nd the despised animal was about to be taken home when her former owner, Mr. Moss, happened to notice his old slave, whom he eventually managed to buy for three sovereigns. Three years iater Mr. Moss sent his 'cheap 'un' to Whrtdock, a stallion then of little note. The latters fee was only a sovereign, so the experiment was not an expensive one, and Mr. Moss had every reason to be satisfied when a shapely foal was the result of the union. Moreover, he had further reason for con gratulation, as the youngster's two earliest efforts were both successful ones, he then changing hands for £4Ui). It was not so much on the turf, however, as at the stud that Blocklock, as theyoungster wasnamed soon after his debut, made his reputation, and owing to the deeds of bis direct descen dantB, Si. Simon and Oalopin, his name stands higher to-day than it ever did. 