Concerning the War. [By Ex-FusilieiuJ . THE MISHAPS AT KOORN SPRUIT AJ5D REDDERS13UR6.. The fact that Rimmingtan's Scouts rode without suspicion, into the ambush planned by the Germaa-American leader of tbe Boer com mando at Koorn Spruit., does not prove (as sundry newspapers will hiwe it) that tfcc scouting was deficient, but rather that the enemy's tactics were mast exceptionally smazi Until iull details of the afwir (in which, it is alleged that the Britishers lost 450 men and 7 guns) are to hand, to constitute grounds upon which judgment cr.n be based, it will only be fyi: to assume that the disaster was unavoid able—one of th.9- sort of things which will be fall the wariest of leaders whsa fighting against n consummate tactician. It is regret-' able that iho horses oi the. couvpy were driven by- KafluK- (who .became punit-.stricien), but i ♦hat amugeHisui was qo.:(iuiU' Ql QoJonel.l BrencHooV's. £Te had to do his best with the material supplied to him. As to the Redders burg mishap, it seems to savor of overconfi dence — sis hundred men in (ft? isolated position — - unintrenched^and with Kifeiiener for Chief of tbe Staff I Still, as ia the other nasc, we flon'S know enosgh of the details of the struggle to indulge in criticism. PORTUGAL'S NEUTRALITY. Portugal having permitted the Transvaal Republic to receive reeruits galore and goods (which it must have been an open secret were munitions of wnr) by way of Lorenzo Marqoes, could hardly refuse permission to Eiglimd to despatch tbe Imperial Busbies to Rhodesia via Beira. Stilt it's a queer sort of neutrality— since, strictly, a neutral nation should net favor or aid (directly or indirectly) either belk'gsrent. For a neutral to favor both side3 (witiy a show of impartiality - is surely quite a new reading of international law. KITCHErSSB'S PRESS SENSORSHIP. The press- eensorship at the front under Kitchener's rigorous regime is patently pretty strict. We geSbald reports of what has actually been done, but never a line to throw light upon tbe actual plan- of campaign — not a line that might reach Pretoria and convey so much as the ghost of a hint to the able soldiers of fortune who form the staff of She Boer forces. And it's quite right ihat this should be so — only it's frightfully- annoying to receive naught but disjointed, sometimes inexplicable, bits of information. That ' Bobs ' has a plan of campaign embracing the whole area of hostilities from Mafeking across to northern Natal begins to be evident. And i&e; belief that he has—' Bobs ' beicg ' Bobs- n - inspires one's confidence. Still- one feels inclined to 'drat' Kitchener, all-thesame. THE OUTLOOK. ' Bobs'' recent apparent inactivity' has been due to lack of horses. That lack i» now fast being supplied, and, in &\- few days, he will be able to press eastwards and northwards of ; Bloemfontein with a ' 3t- ' force of 40,000 men. The Boers have taken all the advantage they could of the recent passivity of the British, raiding pro-British1 Free Staters and uttacking (here and there with success), isolated parties of tbe wide-lying sftsposition oi our troops. Withjn the next w-wk or two, news ought to come of Buller's smerging from a Natal swept ckan of Boers- to junctfon with Roberts' right wing. Tbess is no- recent intelligence from Mafeking :? but ''Bobs' ' silence about the place is, to my thinking, enuivnlent to good news. Bsobably Plumer, with the Rhodesian contingeni is nearing it with sufficient strength to raise tbe siege, ere the garrison's provisions quite ran out. 