ANDROMEDA: A TALE OF THE GREAT RIVER,, (BY ROBERT BUCHANAN.') CHAPTER XIV.— (Continued.) ' Meantime Ethel had drawn a chnlr to the piano, no music stool being available, and seating her self ligd taken off hor gloves arid begun to play. It was clear that she was an accomplished musi cian. Sho began with the air oftrin old Germun folk-song, passed' from that to the motif of a sonata by Beethoven, and then, without the slightest transition, struck tho notes of a street song, then very popular — "In tho Strand." "My dear Ethel," cried Mrs. Somerset, "for goodness' sake; .don't play that horribly vulgar thing! If you must play, let it bo something different. You know how Charlie loves to hear you when you play thoso lovely sonatas." "Do you, Charlie?" asked Ethel, glancing over, her shoulder. "Of course, I do!" said Somerset, with a lame attempt at tondernoss. Ethel replied by laughing merrily and plunging into another popular and equally vulgar air; then springing up, sho cried: "What a horrible piano! One could got as much music out of a tin kettle. Well, aunt, are you ready to toddle?" ' Mrs. Somerset gasped and looked Imploringly at her companion. After a llttlo moro' careless conversation; ending with a promise on Somersets- pare to look round on his mother that evening, the two ladles departed. At the door Etliol held up her cheek, and the young man just, touched it with his lips. Sho ' half-closed her eyes and .looked at lilm quietly with tho critical air pecu liar to iler, and thon with a l'lttle shrug tripped nwuy, Somerset, re- entered tho studio looking as haggard and upset as if ho had seen ri ghost. Button ha"U settled himself again to work, but had lighted his pipo. lie glanced up quickly, 1 and tho oyes of tho two men met. Somerset groaned. "You see liow the land lies, Billy? I'm tlio most miserable fellow In creation 1" "What's the matter with you?" demanded tho cynic. "As If you nocd to ask," sgld Somerset. "I'm engaged to rnarry my cousin Ethel, and I've given my heart and soul to another worimn I Ilow the devil am I io got out of it? Toll me that. For God's sake, don't chaff mo, old fellow, but glvo mo your honest advice." Button pullorl at Ills pipe, and painted quietly for some minutes, then asked: "How far have you gpno with the other one — I mean this time; that business down at Canvoy Island needn't count." "I've told her thnt I lovo hor — I've told her that I hope to rfiarry her sorao day, if she'll only wait till I'vo a homo to offer her." "What did she say?" "Oh, bIio didn't say much, but sho lot mo under stand that sho would wait!" "Does sho know about your engagement?" "Yep, I told her about that long ago; when wo ported at Canvey." Bufton knocked tho ashes from his pipe on tho sldo of ills cnscl. "It's an ugly affair, youngster. I'm afraid you haven't nctod lllto a man of honor." Somerset started and flushed crimson, while tho ether continued: "I warned you from the first as to what would como of It. You'd no right whatever to be on with tlio now lovo boforo you were off with tho old. You suy I'vo no sentiment; and I don't want any, if this Is what It leads to." "But look here, old follow," pleaded tho young man,. "Isn't It ns clear aB daylight Llmt Ethel doesn't care a rap about nio? Sho lias only dropped Into tlio engagement to pleaso my mother!" "What a fool you must ho to think so!" ex claimed Bufton, almost angrily. "Why, tho girl is as fond of you as sho can possibly he, and Blio shows It In everything she does. Sho knows well enough, however, that you're drifting away from hor. Tho moment she entered the studio and he- gnn to talk I saw that she was only acting. AH thnt supercilious manner of hers, all the chaff and .laughter, nro only put on. Ilor Instinct tolls her thnt your running after someone clue." "I don't believe she'd mind," said Somerset. "She's not a girl nt very deep feeling!" "Don't make too sure of that," was the reply. "It Isn't always tlio dreamy, lackadaisical, soft- spoken women that feel the most. Your cousin's a high stepper, hut sho feels a great deal moro than you suspect!" "I hope not, llllly; T hope not. with all my soul!" said Somerset, earnestly. "Coil knows I "don't want to do anything mean or enddlnli or dis honorable, hut tlio long and the short of iL is I don't love her — I've novel- loved hor — and slneo I'vo met Annie again 1 feel more and morn that I can nover marry my cousin. For Heaven's sake, advise mo what to do!" Button shook Ills bond grimly. "You must got out of It tlio best way you can," ho said. "I'orlinps tlio best and lioncstest way would lie lo tell her at onen that you want to break it. Slio already guesses there's somotlilng wrong — l.runt a clever woman for discovering llint — and she may not lie an much surprised as you fancy wlion you malic a clean breast of it." "I'll do It!" cried tlio young man. "Ah you say, tho sooner the bettor. I'vo promised to dine at homo to-night." Then, lifting up the cloth which ho had thrown over tho easel, and sighing, deoply, he looked long and sadly at the picture of Andromodn. ' CHAPTER XV.— AT THE LAURELS. Mrs. Soriiorset lived in a small but genteel cottago on the fringe of Holland Park, not thon abandoned uttorly to the suburban architect and tho .-Jerry-builder. "Tho Laurels," as the villa was called, was qulto an old-fashioned place, with wainscoted reception-rooms, a large wains coted liall, a line stulrcnso of old oak, and a splendid old- fashioned garden, it was a: matter of tradition that the groat Edmund Burke had once spent a summer there,, while writing cer tain portions of his famous "Essay on tho Sub lime and Beautiful," mid close at hand. In Hol land Park, the later coterio, illumined by the eftulgerico.of .Count D'Orsay and tho'lovely Blcss- ington, had held their literary re.vels. Associations such as these Wore far from dis tasteful to Mrs. Somerset, despite the fact that sho was the widow of an -obscure gentleman In the Civil Service, who had lived fc>r many years la India, and had finally retired ori a small inde pendence. He had died when Charles was a boy of flfteon, studying at Harrow, but after his doatb the widow, on ari lncomo of about six hun dred a year, left to her by her husband, had con trived to send the boy to Cambridge, , where ho had taken his bachelor's degree. Finally, to his mother's surprise, and riot' a little to her dis gust, bo hrid announced bis intention of becoming, a professional artist— a modus Vivendi. not qulto so profitable in those Bohemian days as it has become since, and Infinitely less fashionable. The lato Mr. . Somerset had purchased "The 'Laurels" on a lpng lease, many years of which bad yet to expire; so that the widow lived prac tically rent free, and kept up a quite respectable position on her modest income. Charles was hor only child, and she was an affectionate If not a very demonstrative mother. No sooner therefore, was it made quite clear to hor that her son was determined to follow Art as a pro- Cession than sho did her very utmost to forward bis views and supply him. with the necessary money. It was a pinch, of bourse, but she made it cheerfully enough. Thanks to her ho was ablo to study under the best masters both In London and Paris, until he had become, In the course of tiriio, a very fair painter. Of lato years he had chumincd with Button and Leroy only- staying with Ills mother at Intervals; and at the time when the two ladies mado their unexpected visit to tho studio, lio had not visited "The Laurols" Cor ceverar weeks. . Tills was tho more extraordinary as his cousin, Ethel Norman, to whom ho was Informally en gaged, was just, then stnylng on a long visit to her aunt. Ethel, wo may 'explain, wns tha oldest daughter of Mrs. Somerset's half-brother, who was one of the lesser magnates on the Stock Exchange, but who lived on a small estato at Woodford, whore he had brought up a largo family. It will bo gathered from this that Ethel was llkoly to Inherit money'; hor mother. Indeed, had possessed a considerable fortune of her own, which was to.be divided equnlly among hor chil dren. . Ethel, ns we liavo seen, wns a 'somewhat un conventional girl of rather' free and Independent manners, She had only ono , sister and half-a- dozen brothers, two of them," her elders, being employed In tho city; and constant intercourse with these brothers of .liors, who had the go- aherid manners and habits of their class, had prevented her from acquiring, the timid mock- modest airs of less sophisticated young ladles. For tho rest slio was clever, not unnmlnble, rind vory accomplished, especially la music, for which she had a natural gift. On the evening of the day when they- had called at the studio In Bloomsbury, Ethel and her mint sat together In. tho drawlngroom at the "Laurels." Mrs. Somerset Was seated by tho' flro, reading onn of tho journals; Ethel had just risen from the piano. Both tho elder and the younger lady wero' attired In tho dinner coslumo of the period — a costume hideous enough from our modorn polut of view, since alas! largo skirts and crino lines wero then the fashion. "I don't suppose he'll como after all," 1 said Ethel, carelossly. "Ho didn't seem over keen about It." . : , "But he promised," returned Mrs. Somerset, looking up Trom her journal, "and. you know ho always koops Ills word.". "Always, aunt?" queried the' girl, with a curious' little laugh. ' "Why, of course. I'm afraid, howover, that you .annoyod him exceedingly this morning. I was shocked at you, Ethol— really shocked. Tho way. you discussed that unfinished picture was really too dreadful!" "Think so?" murmured Ethel, thoughtfully, rubbing the tip of lior-noso with the edge of her eyeglass. "Woll, somehow or other Charlie and I always manage to rub each other the wrong way!" "Tliero agnlni", exclaimed, Mrs.. Somerset, lift ing up hor hands.. "Your expressions! Some times they positively make my blood run cold!" "I suppose I plclc them up Trom the boys!" 'Tben i must entreat you to consider before you uso them. You see, poor Charles Is so sensitive, and has- ouch a lofty Idea of our sex, Llttlo things lllto, that shook him, dear! I have often board him say that the most beautiful thing In air the world Is "maidenly -modesty!' Ethel mado a protty little grimace and shrugged her shoulders. - "What do you nicap by. that, you, provoking girl?" demanded hor aunt.' "I was thinking; aunt," was tho reply, "that there oan't bo much 'maidenly modesty' knock ing about among tho models In Bloomsbury!" . "Knocking about!" echoed Mrs. Somerset. "What an expression! Who ever would thlnlc to bear you that you'd bads, such a perfect educa tion! As .to; what you say about models, Ethel, you certainly exaggerate. Chai'los has again and again assured mo that they are most respect able, woll-eonducted persons, and that It a quite unusual thing for any one of them to sit for the—, tho undraped figure. Of courso, dear. It is some times necessary, though I certainly cannot say that I approve of It." "Oil, It's all. right, I suppose, " said Ethol, turn ing to the fireplace, and drumming with the fin gers of her right hand on tho mantelpiece, while sho glanced at herself in tho mirror above It; then, after an Inspection of a few mlnutos, sho said very quietly, still with her- eyes on the l-ollection: "Aunt,- do you think Charlie really cares for mo?" "My dear child!" orled Mrs. Somerset In honest nniazoment. "What are you saying? Cares for you? Of course, ho cares for you 1 Are you not engaged to be married?" "Yes, of course, I know that," snid Ethel, still In tho same quiet tones, and with her oyes half- closod, peering Into the mirror. "But I've thought somctlmos, and especially lately, that he doesn't find much' fun In our engagement. 'I seem to bor.o hint, rather! Of. course, I dou't oxpecli him to ho always spooning mo, like a lover In a novel, but I think ho ought to show mo, now and then at any rate, that I'm something more to him than a moro cousin."' "Your oxpresslouq are torrlblo," answered tho older lady. "Ho.wovor, you may rest assured that Charles loves you dourly. -You mustn't mistake his .buoyant manner for Indifference. You seo bo Is not at all demonstrative to aiiyouo. Ho Is like yoursolf, Ethel— lie very often as sumes a light' and careless tono to conceal the depth of Ills attachments." "Is that really so, aunt?" asked the girl, with a quiet snillo. "Of course, you understand him bottor tluin I do! I rather thought' his tendency was to err tlio other way, and be all enthusiasm. At any rate, lie used to be a great deal livelier I've noticed a cliango in him over slnco lio wont away holiday- malting last year." "Only your funcy, dour. You see, tho poor hoy Is so anxious lo got on 111 his profession, tuul It worries him a groat deal that lio Is ablo to earn ho llttlo nioney. It is a thousand pities. I think, that 1m over bccume a painter! If be bad only been willing, your father could have secured him a sp\ondld opening in tho city, and lie might have become a rich man." "1 ratlior ndmlro lilm for that," said Ethol. "For wlia-l, dear?" (To bo continued.) 