THE SEMOKITA'S ROSES. A' GLOWING south is / \ ern sun bathed the. Kl. s \ dronsy old garden Sf&J;&A; '? in a flood of raolt §O&fc-A..; on gold. Tho STm '^ '''K0 ttlld Bg AtSjL I'll ttec' hunB their SitlM lllsciou' frnit S§r*jt'{I within tempting |§|i^.i distance, while up W T& m to the SMiorita'a IIS I W ? bedroom winnow U ' climbed in a riot of yellow splendour the superb gold of Ophir rose tren, famous atom; tho, entire ooaat. Never was there buod another rose tree ! Tho ' Sonorita' was straight and tall and tlender. Though the grey was beginning .to creepinjber ..dusky kair.and tho tell-tale wrinkles werigffjgminir her forobeal, yet she waa a bDad'iamol'Wbmau, with the name Amlalusian features, the snfl, speaking eyes, tho clear dIito skin, her beautiful mother had brought from Spain years ago. ' Kvcry ntternoon when ' the Seuorita had finished l/r household duties, boFore sho sat dowu to the dainty drawn work which was a part of her daily occupation, and from which she derived a modest income, it was her.oustom to enter the drawing-room, and aftor adjusting the blinds so that the sunlight would touch her protrait gently, to ataud before it intoutly re garding hex own lost youtb. ' Madre di Dion I' was the murmured ex clamation, ' but it was long time ago— long —time— ago.' There was also a vase of golden rose* on a little Btand before the portrait. 'When the Senerita's gaze left the pioture it fell upon the flowers. With a gentle sigh she would pen sively touch the petals with careising finger?, then silently and like a ghost slowly glide from tho room. Yoars before, wheu the SenoriU ? was young, a beauty and a belle of the little settlement, up at the Presidio there was a gallant young lieu tenant wbo fell desperately in lovo with the charming Spaniard. Their courtship amid the myrtle and orange groves, under tbe warm moonlight of the Southern region, in the staol tered nooka along the white beaoh was ideal. Once, when the lieutenant returnoi from Santa Barbara, whither he bad been sent on important military business, he brought to his sweetheart a tiny rose buab, which ho planted before ber deor. ' Ygnacia,' he whispered, as ho caught her slim hands in his and bont his bold, t)lue eyes upon her blushing face, ' my love, foryou will be perennial, like this bush, and sweet as its But alas for the ptedgen of passion ! The lieutenant nas one to love and ride away. Ere the roees had bloomed tho third year, be bad dopirted, departed with fervent vows and promises of a npcedy return. But tho long burning summers, the slow dreary winters, drifted by ind he never came. Thi! tiny bush grew to be a lordly tree. She heard of him uoir and then — the famous Indian fighter, then the major, the colonel, at last tbo great General, whoso name was ' honoured throughout the land. Thpn came the news of his marriage to a celebrated bollo and heiress. The rose tree was growing and blooming, but hope was dead in the heart of the Benotita. . Year after year she lived her simple littlo life iu the old adobe cottage of her ancestors. One by one her friends passed kway. To th'e- Senorita wore left only her rose garden and memory. . % It was a greatday for the sleepy little Spanish town when the nilway came ; greater, when the rich syndicate' built the 'magnificent hotel Then came the electric cars, rushing and clang ing beforo the Senorita's rose garden. One evening the Senorita sat under the Gold ofOphirrose tree. In her hands she held a duster of her farourites. As she inhaled thoir fragrance her thoughts were as ever, busy with the past. .: ^ The garden gate olicked and j'swung open. Two people advanced slowly and uncertainly through tho gatberiag dusk ; ,a?man and a woman, young, fashlonnblj-iirejiod, with a» unmistakable air of good breeding. The man, btepping forward and , courteously lifting bis hat, said, ' Have I the honour of addressing Senorita Yftnacia Bonaventura ?' He stopped abruptly as a sharp cry fell from tho Senoiita's lips. ' Santa Maria !' she breathed, rather than spoke, '? who it ees ?' ? ' I am sorry to have stalled you so.'- replied the visitor gently : ' we were toll nt the hotel that you were quite willing otrangt-rs should sec thia beautiful tree or wo would not have in truded. I beg your pardon,' anil, ho turned as if to go. ' 8tay, Senor,' she ciied, ' do not go. I will shsw you the roses with happincin— si But your face it oes which gave me no mooufco ?tart. 'Jesu Christo I bat yon are like some one ? ' . ?; ' I think yon knew my father,' said the stranger ; ' he was . stationed here at tho I'reiipio, years ago, and I have often heard him skeak of this charming old tonn.' ' Your f athnire here ?' ' t. ' Yes, mjr father, General Saunders ; Lieu tenant Sounders when ho itsb here:'.' There was a profound silence. The straight, slim figure seemed turned to stone.- Tom Saim ders felt as if he were coufron ted by some vaguo unknown tragedy. His young wife, too,- was experiencing a sensation as if she-were looking, on at a mysterious phase of bumau emotion. She turned her street facr, full of tender sympathy, towards the Senorila... ' The Scnorito spoke first.; 'Si ?enor,'she said iu a low, grave voico, ' 1 did know your.' fat haire long — time — ago. ? He look liko you — ah, I 'ope he ees well —si ?' ,; 'Did you not know ? But of ooiirse you would not have heard '—said Saunders sadly, 14 my father is dead. He died a month ago.' ' He ees dead P ' repeated the b'enotita mechanically. ' ? n ^ ' Yes,'' naid Suunders, ' and before be died, he charged me with a sacred commiision. Ho knew that I was coming here on my wedding journey. He called me to him one.' day~,aiul mid : ' Whea you get there I want jau to seek Senorita Ygnaoia Bonaventura. . Tell her for me that now I am nearing deatb^ I see with olear vision, and that I regret.the past.'. Tell Her that as I lie hero racked »ith;pain, I long,' oh L I long for the coolness and 'quiet of her rose-garden, and thsttn the long watches of each re-tlesa- nigbt I »moll,ig»iu the pertume from the golden rases I'plante'd before,her door.' There bus a sound of sobbing,': «b Stunders Baislied his pathetio message. :,'It came from his wife, wbo waa profoundly affeoted by the situa tion. But the Senorita did out neep. Her white face was tease- in its agony, but itot a tear glistened in her sombre eyes. She held Out her hand to the son el her old lore. He took it in -both his and pressed it gently, .' She has suffered for my father's sake,' w»» the thought that flashed through his mind.. .. As Paundeni and bin wife were leaving, their aims tilled with branohes and clusters of the of the Gold of Opbir rotes, the Sonorita held open the gate for them. When Saunders passed ber, she laid in his hand the king of all that year's blossoms, a great royal golden roso. ' For tho lieutenant's grave,' she nimply »aid._ Saunders boned, too much naored to apeak. And six weeks later the Mhes of that, perfect donor wero ravnrontly itrewn over a grave in Gre«nwoo-l. ? :,.;? ' Heura after thoir dep»itnre, tho Penoiita ? (?ulereri the little dtawing-room. Her f nco wau wan anil iiairgard and old. She lifted her flickering candle high before the portrait and gazed steadfastly Jpon the beautiful young faes that smiled down at her, ' Madro di Dios ! '' she breathed, ' but it was a l»ug— timo— ago,' Tho uext morning they tried in vain to waken the Senorit*. Sho lay still and cold on her bed, drawn close to the open csnomont, Through the window, the great gay golden roses climbed aud leoked into tho poor little chamber. And oue, bolder than the rest, bad laid its yellow head close to the dead heart of the Senorita, 