COMPLETE STORY. THE HANGING AT WHISKY HOLLOW,! PEGGY WEBLING. [copnuoirr.'j rOTJ don't] remember] the hang-1 Ug a t| Whisky] Hollow? I guess] not; it was before] your iime. fb:it | coon reminded roe of I it," pointing to a] .negro who had just 1 passed. I My host was a thriving Canadian.] "We were sitting on j his veranda one] hummer evening] when he told me the ] a t o r y. of "Whisky ] Holiow. j ..It was '•There was a Uttl „ P n,e surround- I where our town now stand-- _ ^ t;td ] iag hand was on^j cleared m ^ b I Every man earned a gun wnen m. i . . W "7^'working on a farm four miles, out at Johnson's Settlement and tetwenr^s and down log bouses where a few m==er» "i SeTnylt^^tVwerfnT^ "pure negroes, terrible dnukers, eau hghters „nmed Spalding, used to fetch the mads into ourtoJ fronfa station ten ^.^snYw axsMfa «■ £?"»»> ^jsssr|s%,td homc°whhout them, John bailey, a young M snow ccwf;' he cried. ' Spalding I has been found murdered just below Map.e Prrrlr flUtl tllC TUQltS J1T6 Stolen . I "We all sprang up and pressed round Bailer, who was dead heat with hard unviu, j in X teeth of a cutting wind. He^nd another man had been in town ten miles away that afternoon and had seen Sjialding -J They wero about two hours behind him, gudj the/ first suspected something was vto™= j when they picked up his bear- robo from the "^Some'instfnct prompted them to sMreh. In a piece of uncleared ground, about sixtv vatdJXad. thev found his sleigh turned "over, and beneath it in the snow ,]hc man. His clothes were torn as if there had ten u scuffle, and there were » ""J?®* xroimdsmiiis throat and bre35t; a* this 1 point in the horrible story, Spalding s cousin pojunu , . t;mt the horse mus have hrokenaway from the harness, as it had ^"^■Whsre'hare you left poor Spalding ?' X "'m? Down at onrplacc,' said Bailev. 'S:|J° ■ Can anybody guess the worth of die .o-t -Mfuey. Christmas presents—some | hundreds of dollars, maybe. "What shall we do V " I had made up my mind what I. £'^u,'5 io The man was lost, the mads might be " Above all there was justice ana "Four of ns piled into my sleigh to drive 0 the place where the body was found, and hnnt for a clue of the murderers. In a very short time we were on the mat great gray sky above us, and th- 0iamg whiteness around and below. • • "7s ill-lnck would have it, snow oegan io fall rather heavilv, all traces of foot.teps were lost, and it seemed an utterly kopeles. ta-k Bailev and the other men jumped ou-, mid immediately plunged toe "ueleared wood, leaving me to secure my horse , tnc, enow was above my knees, it was falling hie a great sheet between me and my companions,. and I cursed my folly for wasting tunc on, ^^wasAffledto the hone. By the time1, 1 had drawn the sleigh to the side of tbo roaa, the three other fellows were oat of a-ht, lcavin" mo alone on the desolate spot where X murdered man had met his fate.I stepped a few paces into the wood and shouted to bailey. The lonesomeness was terrible, neokf. No, where was it. merer "I made my way to the sleigh, and holding the thing in both hands examined it closely— yes, I knew! It flashed suddenly through my mind. I hud seen Jim Logan, the nigger, drinking in Thompson's bar that morning, and I could swear he hud worn a coarse black scarf. '.'Inn couple or seconds I had formed my plan of action; the men were out of sight, the storm thickening, there was no answer to my shouts, and every minute was of value. Luckily I had a notebook and pencil in my pocket, and tearinjr out a leaf, I wrote: 'Follow me to Whisky Hollow. Rush!' scored it under and fixed it on the seat of the sleigh, beneath the bear-robe; then I pulled my cap well over my face, and bending lialf double before the storm I set out foi; Jim Logan! " Just you picture "Whisky Hollow on such a night as that. It wanted ail my courage and strength to find the road; sometimes I had to struggle through drifts of snow three feet deep, and by sheer luck I found the Logan's hut. I knocked twice without receiving an answer; then I kicked. The door wus slowly opened a very little way, and one of the brothers looked cautiously out. He asked rae with an oath what I wanted, so I gently cased the door open and replied: 'Forheaven's sako let me come hi. I setout to walk to Johnson's Settlement, but I've lamed one foot and I'm fairly played out!' and I pushed myself forward before Logan could prevent me. The room was wretchedly close and dirty; there was a small black store, dark discoloured walls, a few broken rocking-chairs, and a table with one lamp on it and a bottle and glasses. Shaking the snow off a little, I sank into a chair and took no notice for a minute of' Jim Logan, who was muttering curses low and deep, while his brother sprawled over the table, with his woolly head on his arm and his great taufo spread out in front of him. * "Xecdless to say Unit I was all on the alert, and I was ecrtaiu that ono or botli of the men bad recently been out in the storm, ! because the floor was slippery round the door | and there were little patches of ice near the tabic—the frozen snow from their boots—and though Abe had bis coat buttoned to thecbin, 1 Jim's throat was bare, and I thought of that black scarf in my pocket! AYhatwasItodo? I jerked my chair forward and commenced to swear at the snowstorm, to keep Jim. Logan company. 44 * Was ycr goia' to sit tltar iill the trump o' doom'r' he growled, looking at me like an Angry dog. 1 Ain't yer rested yet1-' 481 began to feci terribly uncomfortable; Abe I could have managed in his drunken coudition, but with Jim, twieo ray we ight and strength, I shouldn't have the ghost of a chance; if onoo he suspected me, my hope of escape would be small indeed—aud I might be on the wrong track after all! 441 could not help feeling a ghastly i curiosity as to the knife that had stabbed poor Spalding. Where was it now ? I furtively j examined the bony wrists and coarse fingers | of Abe Logati spread out over the table, j When I did so a sudden discovery made me ! turn white with fear, and as I am a living J man, I was dead sure that the mail bags at j least could be tracked to the two Logans; the j full light of the lamp fell on Abe's fingers, j and beneath the loiig, ilLshapen nails I could ! plainly see little bits of red scaling wax ! I 44 Jim suddenly jumped up, pulled bis cap ! down and roughly shook his brother by the | shoulder; then he turned on mc and said thoy ! were going out. I could stay as long as I liked. . I knew that I must keep them, so I; just stepped before the door and asked for a drink of brandy; Jim advanced a step, Abe 1 got up staggering and held by the table to support himself., How I strained my cars for the sound of Bailey's sleigh bells, but tbe 'air , wa§ as quiet as death. • The next few minutes seemed like, hosf i as .Tim and I were face to face,"his cjf ".j clouding over with risiug f"0* ? wheu sudde». far away, faint and uncertain, I caught ife j tinkle of'bells. Jim Logan heard'it tJS" ( Catching Abe by the arm he leapt forwardg » push me on one side, JTy blood was boili®- ^ as his heavy hand came on mr chesty 1r blasphemous lips were close to my face, a® fe the bells were getting nearer aud nearer, | '•I shouted for nil I vras worth, struck Al& c down with one tremendous blow, and tho ncis second Jim and I had closed, and WQE a rolling over and over on the ground. .1 h® i the nigger locked in my arms aud I knew If f was a life and death struggle; crushed Mgr I overpowered by sheer brute strength asl t I still managed to shcut. ' J- S "Logan's hand was gaining its freedonp I he fought like a tiger and I know instinctireU n that he was hunting for his knife. Th<£ n with a rush of jangling bells, a Iot£{j answering shout, the door was smashed | and Jim Logan and I wero torn apart !" J C The Canadian stopped short and mopptl t his forehead, after living again throagh thw £ exciting night. fc.fi "'Was it proved against the scoundrel^, 11 Bid you find the money and the mail higsjj. T "The mail hairs were found with brostf-^ seals," lie added. "Jim and Abe money." "And what was the end of it all ?" • l^l " Well, some weeks after their trial, s&Jj; tho Canadian, "our little town was crowdj j)] "~i niggers. They flocked in from far a?" * r to eee tho hanging at Whisky Hollow lj 