LAST NIGHT'S ATiUSEMENTS. HER MAJESTY'S— 'FEDORA.' Pronounced enthusiasm marked the in auguration of the second season in Sydney of Miss Nance O'Neil, which took place last night at Her Majesty's Theatre. The young American tragedienne elected' to make her reappearance in Cardou's . en thralling play, 'Fedora,' doubtless owing to recent successes achieved therein in Mel bourne and Adelaide. And, judging from last night's marked demonstration of ap proval, the determination was a wise one, for unquestionably, and, despite its many revivals here, the play gripped the audi ence from its commencement. With our readers familiar with the in cidents of the great French dramatist's creation, there is no need to speak of the play or go into detail, but it is impossible to blot out recollections of the various ver sions given, and of previous exponents of the name part — and we have seen many here, from Madame Bernhardt, in a part written expressly for her, downwards. And the list is a somewhat long one, including the names of Signora Majeronl, Madame Bernard- Beere, Miss Janet Achurch, and the essentially Australian presentation by Mrs. Brough. Miss O'Neil's Fedora may be described as an exceedingly fine one, especially con vincing and powerful in the scenes requiring tragic force. Miss O'Neil has the invaluable gift of, by her intensity of purpose, always holding the attention of her audience. This was manifest last night in th9 scenes where she hears of the death of Vladimir, her denun ciation of Loris, when he confesses to the crime, and throughout almost the whole of the third and fourth acts culminating in the. death of Fedora. In the thrilling scene at the end of the third act, Mr. Kingston took his full share of the success achieved, and the tumultuous applause bestowed. Summed up, it was a reading by 'Miss O'Neil of marked merit— lacking in certain subtle touches and characteris tics, but still, always clever, intelligent, and admirable. Miss O'Neil had a recep tion overpowering in its cordiality. As before indicated, Mr. Thomas King ston did exceptionally fine work as Ipanoff. Like Miss O'Neil, he was at his best in the highly emotional scenes, and his speech and acting in the third act, in the confes sion scene, and again where he tries to strangle Fedora on discovering her treachery, were convincing to a degree. His, too, was a splendid performance. Miss Roxy Barton made a handsome and quite acceptable Countess Olga. Mr. Harry Plimmer was decidedly good as Jean de Siriex, whilst Mr. Joseph Carne made Gretch, the oflicer of the Secret Police, one of prominence by the thoroughness and ef fectiveness of his work. The cast, which included Miss Thynne, Mr. Atholwood, Mr. Overton, Mr. George Becks, and other good and clever people, may be described as quite satisfactory. With adequate mount ing apd superb dressing, and with Mr. M'Kee Rankin directing the production, nothing was wanting to make the success achieved a pronounced one, and that it was pronounced was emphasised by the ar dent and at times boisterous enthusiasm of a well-pleased audience. There will be two special matinee per formances of 'Fedora' — one to-morrow afternoon and the other on Wednesday. ? » * ? CRITERION— 'THE PENALTY OF CRIME.' After 'having enjoyed a successful : un, 'Drink' was finally staged on Thursday evening, when Mr. Dampier was presented with an illuminated address by the Tem perance Society in appreciation of the good work which it was considered the actor had done in the cause of temperance by his ex cellent pourtrayal of Coupeau. The address was signed by all the leading aiembers of the Society, and was illustrated by a sketch of the recipient in the delirium trempna scene. Mr. Dampier suitably acknowledged the. compliment. On Friday evening, and again last night, 'Macbeth' was repeated in the presence of a very good house. To-moi-rovv'n Ighji ' 'The Penalty of Crime,'; by Lewis Gilbert, will be presented for the first time in Australia. The production will be staged under tho direction of Mr. Alfred Dampier with every attention to detail, and . with -the following cast of characters: — ' Mr. Glendennlng (a barrister), Mr. F. C. Appleton; Guy Glendenning, Mr. Alfred Rolfe; Don De Silva (an adventurer), Mr. J. B. Marsh; 'Mickey O'Reilley (of H.'M.S. Powerful), Mr. John Forde; Bertie Chol mondely, Mr. William Howard Smith; Mar tin Norris (an ex -convict), Mr. Edmund Holloway; Will Summers (a boundary rider), Mr. Cecil Calvert; Joe (a street Arab), Master Dampier; Elsie Norris, Miss Lily Dampier; Peggy Sharpe, Miss Rose Dampier; Minnie Dempster, Miss Appleton. V sp * v FITZ-GERALDS' CIRCUS. Fitz-Gerald Brothers presented their first change of programme yesterday afternoon, when the huge tent was .crowded in all parts. The new acts were all excellent. The Karls, horizcntal-'bar artists, made their first appearance, and proved them selves to be exceedingly clever. Mdlle. Marguerite, a hurdle rider of repute, ana Miss Bartolo, a rolling globe artiste, both met with appreciation, while the Jandas chevsky Family, assisted by members of the company, created much merriment in the Berlin 'Damen Capelle,' amusical bur lesque. The tiger and horse act, which created so mucH interest during the last season of the enterprising brothers, was again introduced into the programme, which also included most of the best of the opening turns of the present season. A special holiday matinee will be given to morrow afternoon, while the regular day performance will be given on Wednesday and 'Saturday. The season will close shortly. TIVOLI— HARRY RICKARDS' VARIETY COMPANY. The Williams Sisters, who made their first appearance here at the matinee yes terday afternoon, are a very clever and versatile quartette. In the second part they were responsible for two distinct turns. In the first of these they contri buted quartette singing and some very clever dancing, but when, later on, they reappeared in a trick cycling act, they fair ly astonished the audience with their ability. Not only did they do all the most difficult tricks which male teams had done before, but they performed them with equal ease and gracefulness. They should prove a big acquisition. Miss Priscilla Verne made her reappearance after a lengthy ab sence. Among the many favorites who also contributed were Dainty Irene Franklin, whose items were all highly appreciated; the Haytors, who repeated their skit, 'Me Too, Charley'; Mr. Albert Whelan, the popular mimic; Prof. Almond, Ferry ('the Human Frog'), Carleton and Sutton, Mr. Billy M'Clain, Miss Ida May, Miss Nita Clark-Leete, Mr. Wallace King, Mr. Chas. W. Walker, Mdme. Cordelia, Mis3 Eva Lee, Mr. Arthur Crane, and Little Baby Parkes! A special holiday matinee will be given to-morrow afternoon. # » * ? I PALACE— 'WHAT HAPPENED TO JONES.' Notwithstanding the excellent business which 'An Empty Stocking' and 'What Happened to Jones' is attracting at the Palace, the last nights of the douttle bill are announced, in consequence of the ap proaching termination of the season. Those who have hot already witnessed Mr. Ar nold's fine performance as the irrepressible 'commercial' should not miss that plea sure. The filial matinee will be given to morrow afternoon. w a * ? ROYAL— 'NEW BABYLON.' Mr. Bland Holt's magnificent production of 'New Babylon' entered upon its second week last night, when -the collision scene, the Covent Garden floral fete, with its electric ballet, the Islington Agricultural Show, and the Goodwood races, all created great enthusiasm. The interpretation is quite in keeping with the staging, and a lengthy run for 'New Babylon' can, there fore, be predicted with safety. * * * ? CENTENARY HALL— 'MDME. ADELINA DE LARA. Considerable interest is manifested in musical circles at the first appearance in Australia, at the Centenary Hall, on Tues day night, of Mdme. Adelina de Lara. The pianiste's items will include 'Sonatk E Minor' (Grieg), 'Nachtstuck' (Schumann), 'Funeral March' (Chopin), 'Ca-priccio' (Mendelssohn), 'Prelude C Sharp Minor' (Rachmaninoff), 'Piece Oriental' (Stojow ski), and with M. Henri Staell Beethoven's famous 'Kreutzer Sonata,' for piano and violin, and with M. Henri Staell and Hen Gerard Vollmar 'Trio D Minor, op. 32' (Arensky), for the first time in Australia. Mdme. de Lara will also be assisted by Miss Jessie King, who will sing 'Lascia chio piansa' (Handel), 'A Song of Love and Death' (Walthew), 'For a Dream's Sake,' and 'Snowflakes' (Cowen). The plan is at Paling's. * * it * THE CYCLORA'MA. The management of the Cyclorama has arranged a special holiday performance for to-morrow. In addition to the picture of Ancient Jerusalem, in connection with ?which interesting and instructive lectures are delivered, a number of attractions will be submitted in the hall of illusions. These will include Daphne, tho Invisible Intelli gence, the daylight ghost, the myster om? cauldron, the mystics, and a lady who is blown to atoms. They are all well wortb seeing. A number of Boer war relics, every one being guaranteed genuine by statutory declaration, will be on view, and visitors will also 'be treated to enjoyable vocal and instrumental music. * * * * LITTLE VIOLETTE'S CONCERT. Little Violette, a young mandolinist, gave a private recital at Peel's Studio yesterday afternoon. The young lady will make her first public appearance at the Y.M.C.A. Hall on Wednesday night, when she will be as sisted by Miss Emma Sussmilch, Miss Belle Ray, Miss Gertrude Palmer, Miss Black, 'Mr. Arthur Noble, Mr. Lewis Scott, and Mr Harold Watts, with Mrs. Alexander as acr companist. * * * * AMATEUR ORCHESTRAL SOCIETY. The Sydney Amateur Orchestral Society will give the third concert of their ninth season at the Town Hall next Thursday night. Signor Hazon will then conduct the Vorspiel from 'Hansel and Gretel,' a fairy opera by Humperdinck, which has been performed all over Europe during the past two or three years, Goldmark's 'Scherzo Orchestrael,' and Ganne's 'Mehnet Rose,' all of which are new. The list of familiar pieces will Include Tschaikowsky's 'Sym- phonie Pathetique.' Miss Fanny Bauer will sing 'Softly Sighs' and 'Mia Picci rella,' and Herr Gerard Vollmar will ren der Bargiel's 'Adagio,' for 'cello (with or chestra). The plan is at Paling's. * * » « MILITARY CAMP AND BAZAAR. : The A. A. A.' Military Camp and Red Cross Bazaar, which was opened at the Town Hall pn Tuesday, was brought to a close last 'faight,.' When the hall presented a very .ianiinated rappearance. In the ballot for the ?most popular , ;Iady .attendant Miss Hatch, : cai),tain of :.the Lancer, Brigade, received the highest number of votes, while Trooper Williamson wais, by -the' same means, ad judged 'the most popular of the assisting invalids. During the evening Mdme. Caron was presented with a silver cake basket, in appreciation of her efforts in organising the musical programmes. The exact takings of the bazaar were not ascertainable, but it was stated that they would be announced at a meeting to be held at the Elite Hall, Queen Victoria Markets, next Saturday night. ? * « * THE ALEXANDER-YOUNG-PAGE RECITAL. It was only a moderate audience that lis tened to a refined entertainment provided by Mr. Alexander and his colleagues in the Centenary Hall last evening. The pro gramme provided was excellent. Mr. Alex ander was encored for the items allotted to him, and his voice and method were greatly appreciated. Mr. Robert Young did excel lently. He is a good comique, who will be properly appreciated when his merits are more widely known. Miss Edith Tasca-Page was responsible for two numbers, each of which she satisfactorily fulfilled. Mr. Er nest Truman and Miss Annie Perry also as sisted. These entertainments will assured ly become popular. * * » * EIGHT-HOUR CONCERT. A gigantic programme has been ar ranged for the concert to be held at the Town Hall to-morrow night. The contri butors will include Mr. George Rignold, Mr. Harry Rickards, Miss Jessie King, and others. Full particulars are announced elsewhere. ? ? ? * Mr. John Sheridan is reported to be doing good business with 'A Trip to Chicago' at the Melbourne Royal. Miss Billie Barlow joined Mr. Harry Rickards' company at the Melbourne Bijou last night. . Mr. Tom Fitz-Gerald writes from a Ger man watering place, intimating that he is on his way back to Australia via the Cape. 'I have seen and got lots of novelties, he says. He will put in four weeks in South The Comic Opera Company will open at the Brisbane Opera House to-morrow night with 'The Rose of Persia.' A concert, organised by the Miase Madge Rickards, Mabel Leete, Winnie Leete, and Leila Welman, was held in St. Mary s Hall, Waverley. In addition to the originators the programme was contributed to by Mr. Wallace King, the Misses Fitzgerald, Miss Isabel Blanchard, Miss Florrie Hurst, Miss Hadee Ebsworth, and Mr. F. Leston. At the conclusion of the performance all the artists united in singing 'Rule Britannia' and 'God Save the Queen.' The concert | realised £8 33, which was forwarded to the j 'Sunday Times' as a donation to the Indian Famine Fund. ! * * * * . i A Chat with Hdme. Adelina de Lara. | Madame Adelina de Lara (Mrs. Thomas j Kingston), who gives her first pianoforte re cital in Australia at the Centenary Hall on Tuesday night, has had what may justly be termed a remarkably successful career. Born at Carlisle (England), she was only three months old when she went to London, 1 ?and there received a fine musical training from her father and mother, both of whom were highly capable musicians. ?At the early age of six she toured Great Britain with a manager cf her own, and from that 'time she appeared constantly with great success until she was fourteen. After the death of her parents she became the ward of Geo. Hope John stone, a weal thy musical e n t h usiast, and remained with him for a few years, during which period she bccame ac quainted witn all the musi cal celebri ties. ? 1-t was at F r a n kfort on - M a i n e, ?however, that Mdlle. de Lara perfected her studies, undeT the late Clara Schumann, after a course with Miss Fanny Dayies, the great English pianiste. In 1891 Mdlle. de Lara made her re appearance at a Crystal Palace orchestral concert, but an unfortunate incident oc curred in connection therewith. 'As soon as I sat down at. my piano,' she said, in course of conversation, with a 'Sunday Times' representative, 'I found that four of the 'hammers' had fallen, a D, E, F, and G all being dumb notes. Whenever any of those notes occurred I had to substitute something else in order to sustain the harmony. Often since then I have felt amused at the experience, but at the time I can tell you I felt anything but comfortable. 'Another incident which, perhaps, is worth relating, occurred while I was on a tour of Ireland with Mdme. Albani. I al ways have my own piano and .tuner wher ever I go. Well, we got to Dublin, and were to appear at Leinster Hall. During tlie day the manager told me that there was a great fuss at the hall, and that the police were preventing my piano from being taken in. In the evening I went dressed and ready to play my solos. The manager came to me and said that my piano was not there, but that another one was. I told him that, not knowing the new instru ment, I would not play upon it. Then Madame Albani came up and threw her arms around my neck, at the same time re questing me to go on. But I would not. The manager thereupon went on, and after making a speech, which I did not hear,, came back and told me that the audience 'only wanted to see me,' and asked me 'just to go on and bow.' As I was a'bout to do so, however, my tuner . rushed after . me, threw my shawl over my shoulders, and es corted me to my cab as quickly as possible. Then he requested the driver to drive quickly to my hotel, and when I arrived there he told me to lock my door. I learn L afterwards that the tuner had heard the manager's speech, and that, had I gone on to bow as he asked me to, I would have had anything but a comfortable experience, as his remarks were far from complimentary to me for my refusal to play.' 'You have appeared before Royalty ?' 'Oh, yes. On one occasion at Marl borough House. After my recital the Prin cess of Wales sat and talked with me for fully half an hour, while her daughters pro vided me with tea. It is a strange coinci dence that I played at the last concerts attended by the late Prince Henry of Bat tenberg and Lhe recently deceased Duke of Saxe-Coburg Gotha.' 'Do you intend giving any other concerts in Australia after your appearance here ?' 'When I finish here I shall go to Tas mania and New Zealand, and then on to Melbourne and Adelaide, where I shall catch a boat for London early in March. Afteij appearing during the next season I shall go to India, where I commence a tour in October, and thence to South Africa.' Unlike most stars, Mdlle. de Lara is ex ceedingly modest rejgarding her own ability. The lady will talk with enthusiasm about the accomplishments of other stars whom she has met, but about herself she will only talk 'under pressure,' and even then only in the most unassuming manner. With a fine appearance and the high qualification} as a pianiste which she brings with her, Mdlle. de Lara should soon become exceed ingly popular. 