A CREOLE LOVE SONG. A DEVON CHRISTMAS TALE. BY HEiRBElRT S. S\\\WEETLAND. .€._.6--- When our pretty schoolmistress gave up the little school in our tiny village of Kettle, at the foot of Kettlemoor, and got married, there were dozens of applications for the vacant post. Let ters from all sorts and conditions of mein and women poured in. We felt quite important when we met to dis cuss them. "It seems to moe," said Dan, the smith and headman of the hamlet, re flootively, "we ought to have a man in stead of a lady this time. Our lads and maids are terribly boisterous." We all, as usual, agreed with Dan, except Farmer Barrett, a little, wizen ed, white-faced mai,, who never agreed with anyone, and we sorted out the let ters of thp made applicants. "They are' too learned, those scholars with heaven knows how many letters after their namesl" said Dan, scratch ing his head as I rean aloud a letter from a gentfeman with a London do gree. Ten pounds a year, a cottage, and a certain amount of payment in kind one would not think a very tempting offer. Still, it was all we could a.fford, and it seemed, from the number of aimlicants, that brains wore cheap. We finally selected three letters from the most unlearned among the men, and discussed them for an hour, when our choice fell upon ai Mr. Runold, who lived about twenty miles away. "That is settled then," said Dan, with a sigh of relief. "I move that Mr. Paul Rumold, of Ottery, he appointed to the vacancy. "If any of you know just cause or impediment- " Dan know how to do things in style. Then the door opened. Strangers are so rare in Kettle, we naturally looked pretty closely at the incomer. He was young and good- looking, but his hair was snow-white. He seemed to have growni old before his time. The blaze trom the forgo and swinging lamp overhead after tie darkness without dazzled him, and lie stood for some seconds without speaking. He was very pale., and looked dog tired. There was a, grey, hopeless look on his face that I did not like to see there. Heo looked even hungry, I thought. His hands were small and white, his air was refined. He was evi dently a man of culturce-and hungry. There was something wrong somewhere. He wearily throw down the bundle he carried, and turned to us. "Which of you is Daniel Courtenay ?" he said. And his voice was refined and musical. "I am he," answered Dan, looking up sharply. "Wvha can I do for you ?" "My name is Guy Noble. I am an M.A. of Oxford University, thirty-five years of ageo. I have come to apply for the post of schooluaster here.." He spoke wearily, without emotion, as if he were saying something he had learned by heart. "The advertisemeisnt said all applica tions must be in writing, sir." If Dan called anyone "sir," that man's position was assured. There was a kindly inflection, too, in the old man's voice. "Yes, I saw that; but there were reasons-" He hesitated, and looked at us timidly, and then defiantly, as the colour rose to his cheek. "The fact is, I could ill afford a stamp " The stranger heaved a heavy sigh, that was almost a sob, and, stooping, reached for his bundle. "You have testimonials, I suppose, sir?"-fromn the smith. The stranger produced a packet, handing it to Dan. "I cannot read, sir." And they were passed onL to me. I glanced through them, and they were very good. I road one aloud, for the benefit of the assem bly. Dan nodded his head gravoly, a look of inquiry on his face, which the stranger at once noticed. "Yes," said Mr. Noble, 'no doubt you wonder to see a man with a 'Varsity degree wandering homeless through Devon, starving in the Devon lanes; but I can tell this-1 do not drink, I have never stolcn, I have never, to my knowledge, done aught to disgrace the name I hear. Some day 1 may tell you my story. I have tramped tlhe Aus tralian bush, I have tramnped the streets of London, in the vain effort to got work, and I have tramped here from Exeter, to try and get your village school, He again spoke calmly, dispassion ately. We believed every word he ut tered. Just at this moment Widow James's little maid entered, carrying Dan's sup per, a smoking-hot pasty, and then I know the man was hlumgry. He just glanced towards it, averted his eyes, glanced again. A lump came in my throat, and I caught Dan's eyes. He turned to the stranger. "'Tis odd you should have come to Kettle on a Saturday," he said, "as on Saturday each man brings his supper to the smithy, and we sup in company. Perhaps you will join us, sir Mathers, stir yourself now. It's time you brought over your rasher and potatoes. Off you all go. The little maid will have every thing ready before you're back" Now, the assertion that we supped together on Saturday was, not to put too fine a, point on it, a piece of pure fiction, and I do not know if the stranger was taken in. I saw Farmer Barrett's face of amazement. I also saw Dan give him a good kick on the shinbone, which ought to have broken it like a pipe-siem, and we all filed out. On our return, I saw that Mr. Guy Noble and the smith had been having a conversation, evidently of a satisfac tory nature, for the worn look had left his faco, and he was smiling, "I was just telling schoolmnastcr- " began Dan. And then we know that the matter was settled, and that we had a new schoolmaster at Kettle. We had a merry supper. Then, as if struck by a sudden thought, schqol master offered to play to us. We used to think Postman Mathers could fiddle a bit. He could play "Home, Sweet Home" and "God Save the Queen," with variations, too; but the way Mr. Noble played was dif orent. He took the fiddle from its wrappings as gently as woman lifts her child from its cot, and smiled at the thing as if it were alive; and then he put it to his shoulder and ]'layed. None of us had heard such music in our lives. It was simply wonderful. Ho played sad things mostly-the kind of tunes that. makes one's back grow cold. His face was flushed. He seemed to have forgotten we were there. At last, as if waking up from a dream, he looked at our attentive faces, at the somnolent figure of Barrett, and laugh ed lightly. "I can only play one more tune," he said, "for my fourteen miles has tired me. This is a little piece of my own. I call it 'A Creole Love Song.'" The piece was very beautiful, very sad and haunting, one that one could not possibly forget. I can hear it now. "Dash, my buittonsl" said Barrett, whom the cessation of the music had awakened, emphatically slapping his corduroys, 'I'm mninded to take a few lessons myself." And when we all laughed at him hle got sulky, and we separated, after Dan had arranged to give schoolmaster a bed. In' a few days we had furbished up the -cob-walled, thatched cottage in tended for schoolmaster, and had con tributed-ono a bed, another a chest of drawcrs, others tables and chairs and by the time all was finished, the sitting-room looked more like a. minis ter's study than the parlour of a, vil lage schoolmaster. Then Mr. Noble ad ded one or two things, that, he said a friend in Oxford University had been minding, for hill when lhe was on his travels. There1 was a kind of coat-of-arns, with "Exeter" priiited underneath. It was painted on a piece of oak, the shapo of a, shield, and hung over the door; and seoveral cigar-mugs were painted in the same way. And there was anll oar, the blade painted dark blue, which Dan, thought an odd kind of decoration for a parlour; but every man has his own tastes. Mr. Noble, though he was nob a I)evonshire man, seemed much attached to Exeter, T'here were antimacassars and bits of worsted work about, all marked with the same arms, arid "Exeter" underneath. When Mr. Noble was fairly settled, we saw very little of him; for, directly school was over, hlie either settled down to the harmoniun, or took out his fiddle and played, and never seemed to tire. At whatever time of night one passed the schoolhouse almost, one was sure to hear the sound of the violin. I remember one night I came home very late from Brampton Fair, and the schoolmaster, hearing my horse's hoofs, I suppose, opened the door, and threw a flood of light on the road. And when he saw who it was, lie asked me in, and played the harmnonium to me till I fell asleep. lie was a good follow. Guy Noble was always a. mystery to me, I could see hlie was in some trouble of mind about something, and it seemed to me the music was his safety valve. And though I more than once hinted I would help him if I could, lie never met me half-way, passing off my remarks with a sad smile or a shrug till at last I foreabore. Dan seemed to know more of his affairs than any of us, and often. went over to the school house to smoke. It was not till sonic months afterwards that .he, one day, lot out tha schoohlmaster had taught him .to read and write, too-after a. fashion-which explained his constant attendance to sclhoolhouse. One dripping afternoon iln Deceomber, a tall, handsomen woman of about thirty stood in the main road, not far fronm the door of the smsithy, and looked about her for a resting-place. She had walkod over fromn Aylesbeare, was wet through, and seemed very tired. She was tall and dark, with delicate, re filed features, carrying le her ad with the air of one who has seen better days but she looked woefully poor. Ihe bright fire at the smithy attracted her, and, slowly dragging one foot after the other, she reached the open door, and, producing a strined stringed instrument., the nainlo of which I do not know, she be gan a. solmg. Dan Courtenay was alone in the forgo at the time, Ibut s ome of us soon gathered round and listened, for she had a sweet voice. "Comae in out of the wet!" roared Dan cordially, and she seated herself on the bench. "Here's a Copper for you, Imsy maid," said Dan, fumbling with an old leather purse. "I seemn to have heard that song before. It reminds me of that 'Cruel Love Song.' You should be sing ing carols; 'tis Christmas Eve." The woman started to her feet, not noticing the smith's outstretched hand. "What do you know of the 'Creole Love Song' P" she asked, panting. For a moment lie did not answer. ITo threw back his head, and looked at her between half-closed lids. "I mean," ho said, slowly, a pause betwecn each word, "thero is one in this village who knows that 'Cruel Love Song' by heart, or I am much mis taken. The woman gasped, and turned dead ly white. She clutched at the collar of her dress, as if she wore choking. "J:[ere?" she said, simply. "Is ho heroe ?" "Sing your song outside the school house, miy mnaid." And the foreign looking woman welnt out with bent head and a face of awful woe. Dan looked after her as she turned down the village' street and crossed the wooden bridgo leading to the school house. There was a queer look on the smith's face. Farmer jl'rrott came out with one of his usual clever speeches. "A play-acting hussy, I'll go bail!" he remiarked. "There's a worse w'ay for a. wonlali to earn her living than play-acting, Barrett," Dan said drily, and the sen tence sounded ambiguous. It was late1 now, after cloven o'clock. The bellrlingcrs had gone to the church, ready, when the clock struck midnight, to ring the peal announcing the Divine message of peace on earth, goodwill to ward men. The rain canmo down in a steady drizzle, the moon was clouded, the village street was empty, every thing was unutterably cheerless. Guy Noble sat alone by the wood-fire in the schoolhouse, and ruminated. The violin was silent, the harmonium closed. I had asked him the dclay be fore to join our circle at the smithy. He wrung my hand, 'and a bitter look crossed his face. "No, thank you," he said. "But on Christmas Eve " His eyes blazed. "What is Christmas to nme?" he ask ed, fiercely. "HIas the Church any mes sage for one who has suffered as I have? Who has suffered for a. crime I did not commit ? Who, on Christmas Eve, found, on his return homo, that his hearth was cold, that what he valued more than life had left him ?" And then he stopped abruptly, his mouth firm and set. I had never seen this phase of the man's character. There was a. mystery somewhere. It seemed a mockery to wish hivm a morry Christ mas. I. clasped his hand in both moino, and left lhim. I, too, stayed at home. Somehow I did not. feel like joining ,the circle at the smithy. The schoolmaster looked round him, at the arms of his old college, at his oar--he bad pulled bow in the Eight many years ago--at the many trifles thnat emphasisod the diifcrcnce between the old life and the now, and the ghosts of the past hanunted him. Rising lie lit the lamp, placing it, as lie did every night, on the window ledge. A woman's voice came out of the dark ness. To the accompaniment of a zither lie heard: "Can you find no room in your heart, dear? No corner, no rift for me?" His "Creole Love Song" rang clearly through the night. "Must our lives be lived apart, dear?" He threw himself into a chair, both hands to his ears; but the sound pur sued him, filling the ghost- lla.unted, shadowy room. Before lie knew what lie was doing, hie had thrown open tho door. "For heaven is heaven at last." The voice had grown fainter, and ended in a. sob. Thenlc the thing-the unknown, the bundle of sodden rags, passed hime in the' porch, and entered the room. Ho looked down at her as, kneeling, she spread her hands to the welcome blaze. "You have returned ?" he said. His voice was calm and unimpassioned. Per Imps he had many times rehearsed this scene; but a great joy knocked at his heart. "I have returned." And theu, with a sudden burst of long-pent-up sorrow: "Would to God I had never deserted you in your sore needl Guy-husband, kill me! Do not look at me like that! You are poor; it is my fault. You are groyheaded and worn--thanks to me." The woman spoke excitedly, partly in Spanish. "I, too, have suffered. For God's sake, forgive, and take mu back!" "Take you back? Take you ;,ack? To share a blasted life? to share a broken hearbP to share the home of a man who has lost all life's illusions Yog' knew I was not guilty. When all wns cleared up, and 1 was a free mlan once more, returning to our home on Christ mas i:ve, youn- you had gone back to theo stage, and I could never trace you. Your way lies therecl" Ho pointed to the door. She raised herself painfully, and turned towards it; thoe threw herself on her knees before him, her voice, when she spoke, full of grea.t pleading: "Guy," she said, humbly, and her well- remembered tones struck sweetly on his ear, "there is a little mound---olh, so smal!-Guy dear, in HIonitond Churchyard. Littlo Guy, our baby '1My God! So close, and I never know it!" And then the joy-bells peal ed forth. Peace on earth, goodwill to ward men. His thoughts travelled to the manger at Bethlehem. He thought of his own babe's cot, of the sweet, dewy lips he would never kiss again, of the plump cheeks, rosy with slocp, that he would never see more; and all the while the bells clanged their mes sage to him. "Woman," he said, and his voice was very tender, "rise up. For the sake of that tiny grave, for the sweet sake of baby Guy, you are forgivoen l" He point ed to the, lamp burning in the window. "Ever since you left me, I have been a wanderer on the face of the earth, seeking rest, and finding none. In Australia, in India, and now here in Devon, that lamp has burned till dawn to li gh you home, and at last you have found it!" His arams were round her now. The, manhood in him had molted, and he was sobbing on her bosom. "I have, found the light of my life," she said; "and rest, and rest, and rest" -boer voice was dying-"for which I humbly thank God!" And the joy-bells pealed clearly in the glad message as the lips of husband and wife met. 