BY MRS C. N. WILLIAMSON. Author of "His Grace," "The Secret of the I earls,""The House by the Loch,” Queen Sweetheart,” "A Men from the Hark," "Fortune’;) Sport," “The News paper Gir!," Etc. CHAPTER XI.—(Continued.) way and it'B a miracle I wasn’t caught for an uscjapad mad woman—but if thov searched for hie they must have got Thn n'pniiir ir«ni. e._ .. .. ° ihc wrong track from the find. Anyhow not dreaming what I’d soon, and what Id guessed, I daresay the Count tvr.nia think it wt e.say the Cotint would 1 now too late for my story to make an Impression or do him harm r.,'1thn^T' 'UVC l10 Waa riKht ln think rlnv '( 't'r01 f,°‘' 1 VC 1Wd b’l<1 !«ek tO dttj-un I found you. I went to a doc tor, hero In Vienna, who'd been kind to 2h0 when I was 111 for a few days last winter, and told him everything, asking his advice what to do. But, would you believe it, he thought I was off my head, and. advised me not to do anything at all, oay|ng even if riiy tale was true, I couldn’t prove It. People would only lau^h at me, and perhnps Count von ICor. nis .or.-the ■Faiconhergs could have me,' clapped into prison for a blackmailer. "It was from the doctor that I heard about my sweet lady; how they’d sent her right away, ,and.he had heard she had died of a' broken heart. Every one in Vienna knew so much, said he ; but lie hinted at 'a mystery, which people Whispered about though no one spoke a Word out loud. What it was, ho wouldn’t tell me. But I thought i 'Mr Tristram's Bure to know,' and I determined I'd come once again to nek you. Evening was the best time to find you disengaged, I was : sure—just before dinner; so I didn’t call, at once. Instead, I went to the English ! chaplain, and had a talk with him, hop ing he'd be more encouraging, anil might tglve mo some advice. But lie thought I was oil a wlldgoose chase, and evidently didn’t want to be mixed up In such tuquecr affair. , Then at last, when I wan feeling [pretty desperate, It was time to come and try for you.You can Imagine what a shock St was to Hear you’d gone from the Em bassy for good—and how I was sure Pro vidence was on my aide when I saw you— or your ghost.'. It's much like It was that ilrsj night, sir; I,want you to help me. Do say you can and will." ; •‘We’ll help each other, Jenny," Tris tram said, rather grimly, "for we've the •same end in view. I, too, would think Providence had brought ua together. We both loved Lady Mary, Jenny, and X know from your own lips that you would have been ready to give your life for hers—just as I would a hundred times over." It’s too late for that." "Too late!" Jenny repeated the words, 5n a whisper shrill with horror. "Oh, | sir, you don't mean that word, really ? ' You can only say It figuratively—because they sent" her away to break her heart." "They have killed her," Tristram harsh- | Jy answered. And then he told her the .stop’ of the past few months, sparing Wniself not at all. "One thing, and one tiling only, has been worth living for elnce,” lie said at last.' "To avenge her My one hope of justice Is now" with the Empress. If I can tell her the whole truth, X believe that her Influence will be used with the Archbishop, or even with the. Pope,, if that be necessary, to have strict inquiries" made as try tho,exact nfanner of Lady Mary Desmond's death. There Is another in the secret, and once she is ■questioned. Her conscience.will force.her to confess. "The Emperor and Empress arc at their villa ln Ischl; they went only to-day, and I am following to-night. What I might ndt Have been able to accomplish by my melf, against such powerful enemies as I have, I can accomplish with your help." •‘Mine, sir?" faltered Jenny. "Why, I ttm nobody, while you are a gentleman with 'Honorable' before your name, and Jots of Influence and friends." . “What I want is a witness." said Tris tram, "und that I have in you. Your :Btory. together with mine, will prove the terrible pressure that was brought to bear on that unhappy child to marry her to Count von Kornis; It will prove her -determined refusal. You are the only person not In the pay. of Kornis who saw the attack on mo, outside the gates of JTalconberg last winter. Even I did not Jtn6w as much os you know of that. And the strange history of your adventures :Blnce, though you might not have been -nblc; quite alone,to substantiate It against ‘Count von Kornls'o Indignant denial, will be believed, when I have added my quota. 'With such a prefaco to the story of what Lady Mary has suffered we shall have the Eenorous-hcarted, Impulsive Empress on •our side.- And with her on our side, the ■cause is won. Will you go to Ischl to* riteiitr: “wiir.I go, sir? I’d go if I liad to “'You have done enough tramping the • country, my girl. Even yet we can catch the train I'd. meant to take; we'll bo In Ischl by early morning, and I may hope, through friends, to see the Empress. Here’s a cab—In with you, Jenny." "The maid obeyed, her faco flushing, het -4ycs shining.' "Oh, sir. It lt'was only as H was when wo drove together to .help ■hor. before!" she exclaimed with a sob, fit she was alive; if she was but alive." *’CHAPTER XII. — LADY MARY LEAVES ' THE CONVENT. ' pictures'of the fate whlcl Lad "befallen" Mary Desmond had Trls ’tratn’s tortured Imagination called out o -‘ttarknoss. -- ■ ) j ■ .. When the candle lu her cell bad gom cut, and she had freed herself from hi: -anus to find her Veil that hung by thi •door, phe had vanished from his life be •hind an impenetrable cloud of mystery. "The girl had sprung from the bed ot .which sho had "been standing to read ,the Window. She hiid "groped In the darl ’towards the door, and then—what then? j Tho cell was small, and no ono objec -wan at any considerable distance fron ."another; yet Mary, feeling her way am -reaching out her hand for tho hook a ..the left of the door where her veil alwayi i hung at night, seemed to have gone mud .further than usual without touching th. wall. She began to experience tile vngu alarms of one who lias awakened sud denly. rising while still dazed with sleep and has lost all sense of direction. It was Sister Anna Theresa who hw .been bidden softly to close the door .which, under cover of darkness, liad heel .noiselessly opened. It was Sister Anno. Theresa who hai been charged with the duty of whisper ■ lng, If aho heard sounds In tho cell, th words s "do, I.beg of you to go." He ■ English was far from perfect, and he -volpe in speaking did not-resemble Slste [Marie Magdalene’s. But with a harrier o conk between her llns.nnd the ears whle! • would listen, and In a moment of su ■■preqie excitement Tristrcuit had mistake ’the voice for that of Lady - Mary Deu This much, accomplished, nor task 1 ho corridor was" done." "When she ha. 477 nmshert what she had to do out sme Slater Mnrlo Magdalene's door she was to return without delay to the Su perior's room. There she would receive lurthcr commands Sister. Anna Theresa knocked, opened thr'4'old nntI Stcm,ed tlmlcl|y across tlio ‘The cell, larger but no more luxurious than that of any other nun, was dimly lighted by n single long candle, which dickered and smoked In the draught from the moving door. On the narrow cot lay Sister Marie Magdalene, while the Mother Superlei!,-herself tended her with gentle and pitying kindness. How completely the harsh and unjust Judgment of the Ambassador nt Vienna stood refuted. Vile slander was silenced by grr.eiousncss and kindness. A few days later, in response to an urgent summons from the Mother Superior, Prlnee niid Princess Fal conberg. who were accompanied by the Count • Von Kornls and an elderly, grim . featured woman, ap parently a near relative, arrived at the Convent, nnd to their charge won committed Lady Alary Desmond, now released from her novitiate vows. At the command of the Princess Fnl conhersJ-her mother—Lady Mary entered a close, carriage, and was driven she knew not whither. 