THE STOR YTEi'RU S EIlY'S CONFESSION ; . '-KIt is late in the afternoon before we-reachti Bramble all: My, head ?ol es, tho -dliizle of Ethe seaseems to rest upon everythitig I look at: Either the Macedonian palloi toe ihird?or ,the unusual exeoeise has - earied m~ e and itia fain to test foie thle remaitindeoi of the day iunthe :seclsion:ofiiy lEw 'tb1thi an ehambii MrZ Pryaune =`with` hrn i i an ackinowledged favourite, -has carrid a cup of tea toe d me and to tell the ti ntli I am i not: sotry to enoy this shoiit seclusion ; ti ? tiffEness and fuoinality 'of the fii miily, pat ty do n stais ale not to my tiasitei And this evenia , do .-ot · feel in s:f"iuibiilly good aspiits uiyself to combat theiri h depies sins infliancies o? n oimse occult ryinpnth?y? ::eo. e strange issan ooti ?nfuece, which I cannot now. explain, bl t iliichl- I aill n count` foi easily; enough later; on, has; laid aits . 1:coldhand oni my ,eatl I can:i hlsiard ly be-; leve that Is am: that neareleas 'light-headed Eily Diiesmondeid06 oil y yeistuiday, of no it seems 'tofi me, was the w ildest of ?wild i tlil ?iool gillso as e klrfasly.i gay: as :ithtely litnohtle fito the roi l oi,: i w das any pr 'ý1T[ s'I li `s m-y- nariow casementr niadow looking down intothe couri? yar asd dream: iky watching the shadoiis af s theyci l'iepl~ wx hound from the west ['hea sun glints;still on the in !y-paehd'tlibrary i eindowE on ithe old, dooirasy top- heavy with;caivid e stonew eutchteoils on the stone carviTi o ruidthei Schapel roof but this woin; of edt hoie 'ai m Sall in sbadow:irv Eo mpgreat old maliog any lihir covered wi thli ded txapesrt.y I: can t?-tlokou ~ at the still si mininy quadran gle oi w bith bttra turni o 'the li?ad study miy lquaintS chaniber, of which I haven ;not -yet` grown Stired;:' ?In`' onqe???i:t,;he cariooi??i?. dgioo3'i vases oni the dressingtitble i a biEt of .gorse Il, id worn when I came here, and- which elmas been fading, theye ori sincein anothei n~ .onint-hehuti ,up?i and ono whit moss rose; Ihloi'eomi i A cool and sidowy lwith ' hits rotr ot.pbi oas ]furni atnind po lished d ,rk flo. :'itnoo ,ar m'.e s that verb ittle liL coii i e pl the it Ton' oetLnlie:'- " 'oaiidiid the o i- to, ip int _ieiin one-by f doornebtho fao-o- It ,f the i; ch ylo -far i away- frgint the sea.. "v ..ii. . i.ar it ons ory 'nights, loih'.leos iin shra i kanveiingkas this; whon .,I can fancy the sido coming iii almost without-n whisper Over the hot, damp sands. I am fancying it -rw, the long 1 ne of distaut mnnrmering breakers, the shallow glassy pools oatch ing the sunset one by one, the far-off hue of. blue hyaline faint against the sky. I swonder where the S tnoy Kate and hlr skipper are at this moment, and whether Judith has toldl him of my engagement. Will he be sorry ? In my heart of hearts "I do not believe he eares in the smallest .',degree, though once or twine I had thought' '-but no n tter I ariugoing to marry .Itidu Poe'rru)pont Liddel anid tLudlow Gres soa s se timonts- rot;:. ii sB:Osntiment in,.ci neveti o:ble ?mie any miot "And yet I wvuildi whore the saucy little 5cubkeL is on this;,quiet al?i -:o a oning, and emembli1 wiithi l a sihid?do, the morning I ~liid: soen lher otiiuninigiito Horseshoe Bay in :-th'iSiie tadth o;-t.liiw idigl;'-:ild that - reminds "-iiLo.o Gcorgo Edelon ..and, of- the old chief ::.-,tsn'.i-?'.stoiy; and I tni -nt vel to think eli kI Jly Judlith'ns yong sailor forgot 'lir; i: t?had seomed so fond of lier, anid he ,waia such tu boy I .I thought it would have brhion his heart if she had thrown him :overi ; but ii: soen I was mistaken. Boy 'ae lie looked,l he c.nld play fast and loose as a'clverly as oursolves ! But I riemombor, wilth som resentment, :'-iow lie used to hliaunt Judith, and even weary her a little sometimos, before she .: began to care for him. I thliiik he has be "bhayed very badly; ai I ain very sure that Sif Jack know all the facts of the c-isa, lihe "would not call Goorgo E don ' chum ' any longer-I rtlher think hIt would fooeel in clined to lthuashl him insta . -.. I wonder lwhat Miss Fleming's father would say if lie know all about it. I do not \- think she will tell himi-vory few ,girln Caro to loll of the desertion of a lover, especially to their' male roelautives. I suppose. Judith will go back to London row. She will not care to remain at Sealild Farm to be Ssneered at by Curll Gresson and perpet \- nally ii minded of those few halcyon days by.the sighti of the short and tho brown roik where she haand Eden spent many an hitur talking uousenue in the sunshine. ·:.·: L'utI~~~Iuroro \i sr ronmt, Is hall miss her very much, bta not so much now, as I should have dqane at first. 1 SMy thoughts are so fully occupied now with my own aff irs that even poor Jndith and her fanithles boy ve'y seldom recur to ate. But when I hadi seen the boatman dragging that black object i-to the boat off Hovw Head a. horrible idea. had occurred to me Suppose it was George Eden's body they had found an.d were bringing ashore ! I am sureI do not know why the thought flashed into my mind. I never really sup posed anything of the kind had happened to him. From the moment Johnny Brew had brought up the note iii George Eden's hand writing I never had a doubt but that he had goine up to. London. And yet that inert thing in the water had shocked mo, had miade my head ache. I am sure Mr. Liddel knewwihow it affected me, though. he said nothing ,about it. He had tried so hard to divert my altention to other things, all the w:ayback to 3Bramble Hall. i.: i?:tnow, while I sit musing in my Win doiv Iwmn not thinking of George Eden.: I am thinking how happy I ought to' be, what a wonderful turn of fortune's wheel' h:ad,trought me lhere, has made pie 'Rous Pierrepoint Liddel's promised wife. 'Even yet I can scarcely believe it. 'Leii-. inag back in my great deop old chair, in: my. white dressing-goesn, with loose frihled sleeves falling back from my arms, dirmpled hands.idly clasped in my lap, fair.hair fall. ing about my skoulders, I tfeel such :a child still thiatI cannot helpi laughing at myself: Iam .not so .very young certainly, biutIleokl very. young, and; sometimes: I feel younger still, and people havie alwya .treated. me very muach its a child Shall I ever be the ovife of Roiis Liddel P. ?. few libnes of?y my favonrite' Mrs-B Browning comning, into.:i myo head - i Aur?.' I !oi k'upand hlie1,,A~ks down''': S:A d nd iulist our:ai rid yce.ca iin mot;: S-Uri It dd l i ' an d. le of frown, , And 1?ra vcly s eet - . .. . A iri yet;O: n 0 e, Of ) wise end true, u w alr, f' r/ali m : fe _ ' t.. iL I nt?u d be ns n , :in ?i ii, -o?o ry. I-am afiaid 1 shall never be as much to iRoans LiTddel as he is to 'e..me; :Yet I: has'heli niet cho'seu.me of hieowntvfrce will P' al lie not. pa~sed by olderi anud haids6mr and cleierer iwomene sbyl;b hodeih i 'aid clhesen him best. And I have pleaised ;ifim, and not SThe : thoio glit carrties the old. th ill of tiiumliup with it He lioes meSo 'lut mnn of all others that I could love has piromised to log amem-wl hat morte' do I ask in ithis' Side ?world d INothin gmore, I ifmurmurto I'm"ysif wit aytii liortsigh .iof; satisf?tioun I But the vtords echo through.my heart} iwitli a it:rous perisitency, almost as ominous famnus raven Perfectly buagppy I Iniiht Siiv~iiknown anch' a state of existee. cold~ ' not: lest so this woild . ie sshadows creep round the ,peacock. \- moves front the sill of one of theli ibrarytVi dr:9liand 'follov: the .sunshine: tfo iothii Itis'tinm t o' dress- for dilnner ;. - i Lik ono ini a dieam' I thinik aferard that i mitust have been in a kid of- dreaii a't his time-?-I put on my blue dlessan id asten '?lih white :.mossiroe besdemy ' b. chitn peck, 'with , its setting 'of diti kh bl-ue \- helirotirope cand maiden- hair fern. I :thi. k I? 'muilst justa little selfish,' for no thoih'tlit of Alice or her lonely life:: troubles ime:I My theoi;.tioi is·l that, if one .'began begaiito :Sfe31 floir ither people's -.tzoibles as .vell :as oe ilSown; this world would hairatheir a bad t Place to liveiin. ,w dife. i the usu al antiquated anl'i t statelyi fiashion, sitting opposite Lady Cecil Pierrepouti I-_I wonder i if there iti nythiig ii.i the :aii hereabouts which superinduces tacifhtity :Even: Lady Cecil and Miss Fleming, wvhob l' i. iiitheir of them naturally silent, have' grown silbnt since they came here. After. dinner Lady Oecil. retires-to writes Ssome letters.? %n aufter a few minutes' doze. ? Mrs Liddel t .ikes bhrself to her room. R:iscli?ird. is ':?musing: himself with some \- forhiddei plaything bi? the carpet. ' Play aometlhing,' he says, glancing up at me. Not nor",' ..I- answ?wi: stifling a yawn. W.?k ha; b e o.you t:here?.fick, something you e(~ght;iot to have P '.. ~ ?:I nas taken a curious inlaid chess-board 'fiom one of Lthe tables, and has scattered i: m:m'enshabout'' the carpet. I take up one ,to 'ixathiiie i??.: It is very -large, the figure t of a lnight on horseback, exquisitely carved in'. ivory.. .While I hold it in my hand, Mr. TLiddel doimes lbehind me, looking over my shoulder/ Old cmu-iosities,' he says smiling. ' I thought you did not care for anything an tiquo, Eileen?' ' I do iot care for antique needlework,' I SanRiswer, smiling also-'not even the t tapestry of Bramble Hall' ' You have never seen our greatest treas r lres in that line I dare say?, Will you come now and look at them P' - 'If yeou like.' • ' Thin way then. This'. is called the SKnight's Ante-room.' IHe leads the -Vay through a iportieloe I Skhad never bcfore'-oticed, and we find 'our-. selves in a low-pitched room, the walls of which are linsa with great panels of tapos try, riepresent.iug scenes from the Wars of the Rloses. The colors are still vivtd, and eveni in the fading light have a superb eeffoct. There is uo furnitui'o in the room, and over the high carved mantclpieca hangs oie oil pa.iunting of a knight of austere ris age, so like Mr. Liddel that I can hardly belicve it is not his ownii portrait. ' Who was he ? ' I ask, staniding before it. ' Ann ncostor of mino,' M?r Liddel ans wvrs. 'I am said to- rosoemble him. Do you Ren any liPencss P ' SI do indeed. It m'ght almost have been paiited for you.' ' HTo was ra tie fallow,' M.Er Lidldol remarks smiling. ' He led.thle Cavaliers who rode in their shirt-slooves to meet dueath at th' Ihands of the griln soldiers of the Parliamniont. I thilk it is a pity to lot IHugh Liddel mohlder into dust here, don't you ? But who cares for old pictures or blue blood in those degenerate days ? Certainly not tlhat determined radical, Eiloen 1Demonde.' 'I bog your pardon,' I exclaim holly, ' I do cire; and if you thintk I like money better than a grand old name, you were never more mistalken in your life. I hate 'lbrauud-new places and poople and things quite as much as you do-quite as much.' 'I am glad to hear it, since most of my a belongings have fallen into the dust of ages.' iw He laughs a little bitterly. 'But I have g something to give yon which time cannot x spoil-whiclh will sparkle as brightly as it tl do,:s now when you and I are in our coffins -save tlheo mark. Give me your hand. Did you think I had forgotton a girl's fancy for an engageament ring ? ' HIo t.akes a ring from his pocket and puts it on the third finger of my left hand. ' What a baby hand,' be exclaims. ' The ring is miles too large for you.' 'I can put a smaller one over it.' 'It belonged to my great.grandmother, Dame Dorothy. I believe it has been the engagement ring in our family 'ever since she brought it into it. But I don't thinkLit was ever on a prettier ,hand tl an'- yo?i Eileen-I am sure i it ws never on a smaller Anlice has pre?tt ier, hads I thaiin minebut? of course tlhoy are sot so small, I: siy, lo'ok' ing hard ut.the iinug. - It _is a curious one, of raie 'and old fashioned workmanship a lihoop of `-Trose, diamorids, with the legend graven inside - 4 'Keep Tryt ,s ':You are like your consina- your eyes are , like hers, and your voice.' SWhy, whele did you ever see her ?,_ II ask, looking uop with some Interest now: -'It. would be very st.rane : if'I had not; seen her, would it not, sein that' we" wie brought up within half a mile of each other. She was', vey pietty. Did ou admire; her? .' verybody admired be). ' Snd so you didn't, --with a laughing glance iiito hiis face. Dyou thinil:Iam iso very: sisngularP ?. S `I thinkyouaferen t toe singulads -Then I wase not singdlr;i'inthat instance for Idid admire hervery 'so much;' ;1 Y - I w iond? shei nevei: told rin sheil used to knw ly-ou: She .never. mentioned Syoi name.' :I aminot surprised,. r Lidd l- observes No, we:wee notI fiiends ';h ;i''e':t -o' ' SDid y lou klnenw 'theki.w gons, oio.ll and Ludlowrwhoa you knew Aliceg?' Yiddes knewhe2st whol. e fiily. phr Ludlo Sha ;aonblya boy then, otaildmucha roler alon I Dick al Curl Grlesso 61o and - iiwereabout thei: i s'me ag. l I think you o anld yen` idh iot like Cull ? sIdarI say Ibsaido ..it,-' e a? iesk, `fo:e I it ce:tainly; did not an?s d' dom iotlik? ? im"' [ am .silent foi... a few miniiutes, tnriiing Fthe i rn rof? d aniiro io ont my mingeri Conc ' --,oeack. into the 'rawiiig-room, Mi I Liddirl su5ggsts: ,e; atmosphe re..a s.heie has someohiat of "ta moildy character- about \- it - What pianks; 'th e ghosts'must .'play iin Stheseold rooms at night I? " -Hniaveyou i osts here?`P' .I ask, following hin-ck eq litinghi the poitiere: \- `Certainly -we haveil - ghost;f I - eI vtoidor t you iihave not Ibeen made visibly riod oI'ally I .i awe of:the :'fact `lon- ago. =a- You must sleep vesd y sound notto haeve heard' the l:-pat teriro g tof ,high-heeled shoes anid the iustlin& Sofsik sacques before tis? - not to' h;ave isoi c i tains of th oser gul .catafalques mof beds G, w lt fir hy believes in theappaition of a:i i :haunt the celli\~s, unles'sle oweie of a most Sprying itd parsnimonious aature -iwlile liv u E !g,;' - passes: my :comprieousio Eilee n, .. arn you, t tired t sing something for -'' It :am ?t tired w,: hat shall I sig ! wait for- hisans ivwer?i with yhauds on t the keys ?f the piamno,- gair ingteeffect of 1 remembero p t a cnty0enanaHn .it myt 'I have gomvenuptiyingg, I ansr, sehak e, ing mye haeed r So much the bettem Do othiit ik of anythmlg but vwhat, -I-say,o E tilee-never S:indm looks .'m m-,:"--' I begin to play the accork paniment to my quaint little song. 'He; stands in" his old e place, listening. .The twilight gathers in the room. Lady Cecil comes in softly and takes her old place in the window ; the shabdowy firgure beside meIneither moves nor utters comment. I feel as if some spell had fallen upon me-as if B this 3 dreamy pause were only the precursor of some strange event, some violent com e motion, some rude awakening, some sudden e tumult that shall break up the quiet reflec ` tio-s in my l"eir't and send them in wild -' wavering circles to its utmost limits, never to be-gathered together again. Once be fore.I felt this same sensation, this moment. I amy stillness as if between the ebb and the \- flow of the tide, this breathless waiting for something about to happen though what I I know not. How often, in the. passionate e hours to come, shall I look back at this twi lit room, hear the notes of this same song, .see the motionless'shadow standing at my , elbow, that other hllf-defiuod shadow in the window, and wonder that no whispering familiar had warned me out of my fodls Sparadise before it was too late, .. 