* Comic Cuttings. ?&%% Docked Tales, — Shortened stories. ' , Always keeps Ue hands before Its face.— A clock. ' Women marry to get Into society ; men to get out of It. A Fact. — The man who would try to slab a ghost would stick at nothing. uora : uovv is a sirange iduib. . uinrfi ; ' Oh, i don't think bo. I've been engaged seven tunes.' . Definition.—' Faith,' said the little boy arter- a week's study, 'faith 1b believing something that' you know cap't be true.' - ' A baby would be bo nice to wheel around in a carriage, mamma. Dolls are always getting broken when the carriage tips over.' 'Shyboy, what made you change your ? lodgings?' 'Why, my landlady gave me a moustache cup with ' Love the Giver' on It.' 'Say, boy, what did you kick that dog . _ tat ?' '''He's ^nad.' ' No, .he Isa't mad, either.' ' Well, it' any one ehould kick me I'd be madi' The Proof, o't— 'Men never outgrow their childhood.' 'Alas, no 1 Experi ence begins whipping us even before our parents leave off.' So- many gods, bo many creeds, So many paths that wind and wind, Walls Just the -art of being kind Is. all the sad world needs. ' Why, Frankle, what al-e you reading in that book about bringing up children ?' ' I'm Just looking t» Bee whether I'm being properly brought up,' In Texas.— First Citizen : ' That man Weyler Is a reg'lar barbarian.' Second Citizen ; ' That's Just what be Is. I'd like to help to lynch him t' Different. — ' I suppose your daughter fl* J.ust like mine— rather rifle a owheel than eat.' ' Not exactly ; but she would rather ride a wheel than cook,' ' Hear about Tlmmins writing a poem tA Dollie FllpWs foot T*' ' No ; did he?' ' Yes, ana when be read it to ber her foot went to sleep — so she says.' . Old Gentleman : ' Seriously. I don't re» * member ever to have told a He In all »» life.' Young Gentleman -. ' So ? WelP, do you know, I'm getting a little forgetful myself.' - Young WJoman (timidly, to shopman) : ' I would like to look at some false hair, please.' Shopman (experienced) : ' Cer tainly, miss. What colour does your friend want 1' ' Bilklns has Just returned.' ' Wherp lure he been ?' ' To Monte Carlo, to win enough to pay hlB wedding expenses.' ' And the wedding V ' Has been poet '.On the right,' said a Klllarney guWe to a party of touriBts, ' ye*ll see % cascade called ' The Maiden's Tears,' and on the left a cascade called ' The Widow's Tears,' cause It dries up the quickest.' The Ruling Passion.— ' The marriage ot the star and the leading lady has beep ,!?-. clared off. I hear.' ' Yes ; yiey couldn't agree as to whose name should be first on Uie wedding invitations.' Nor ' Rose.' nor ' Maud,' nor ' Gladys^ can she. claim ; Plain ' Sarah.' Is my heart-beloved's name f And when with song I woo tbe modest maid. She coyly asks, ' Ib that a Sarah-nade?' Hoskell : ' What's Bobby crying for ?'' Mrs. Haskell : ' Oh ! the poor boy caughtj his finger In tbe pantry door.' Haskell - ' H'm ! he evidently didn't get the jam ha was looking for that time.' ' De Fahmere,' said Uncle Eben, ' he» read de papers till it's nahd ter sell 'em tx gold brick. But many ob .'em goeB ahaWr jes' ez usual, b'lievin' de politician dat tellp 'em dat he's gwinter mak hand wuhk on, necessary.' Mr. Hayback : ' That city feller w'ot'a a-vlsltlD' here eez thet Sally Sprigglns wo'q went from here tew th' city is cntlrcW unsuffisttcated.' Mrs. Hayback : ' Lan.' sakes, the pore gal ! Wen will they lam tew turn off th' gae instid uv blqwln' it; out?' *\ Wonderful Brute.— '.'I do think i dog has} . -~, ' a good deal of Intelligence,' said the man with tiie spaniel, ' but I am not so bad »S Browne. He actually had .the nerve to- tell *~ me tbat he was thinking of studying Oeri man, so that he could talk to his wlfJ without the dog understanding every word: he said.' ''Marian, here's a dray stopping at our door with a piano, and a sewing machine, and a parrot. . There must be a mistake la the number.' ' No, dear, they belong to pur new cook. She's a graduate of lhe- School of Cooking, and bas kindly consent*!' to try us.' *' It may. be a mere coincidence,' sale? he thoughtfully. ' I bope that such is the; case.' ' Whafa that ?' asked the otnerf man. 'Why, every time I call at the Joneson's {'find the doormat turned so that? the 'Welcome' is upside down as I go in, and all right as I start for the street' - An Estimate.— 'How long is It going to* take to get through with tbls case?' asked, the client, who was under suspicion o* housebreaklng. ' Weil,' replied the youngj lawyer thoughtfully, ' It'll take me about, two weoke to get through -with it, but I'm afraid it's, going to take you about four years.' ' George, you'll have to send somebody to ' fix the washboller. Jane came home late last night and went out in the kitchen lq, the dark, and fell down the ctllar stairs wlthj the boiler and two lengths of stove pipe.' ' That accounts for It.' ' Accounts fop what ?' ' AccountB for my dreaming I was' at a Wagner opera.' Fond Mamma: 'Why, you naughty, naughty boy ! what are you smoking that vile clgaiptte lor V Hopeful : ' I'm goto? ttr Join the Anti-Cigarette tieague up to our school.' 'Well, then, you musn't smoke them 1' ' Huh I Think I'm goln' terMie tiothtn' but er high prlvlt T I'm goln' ter reform, 'n1 be president I''** ? - 'Here's the very. picture ot you, sir!' cried the delighted nurse, dancing the first edition smartly up and down, 'a perfect Image of you,. sir, even to the little scar on his chin— do you notice tbe little scar on' Ills -chin ?' The editor of the ' Javvllle Clarinet' laid a finger thoughtfully upon his brow. ' We will consider him, then,' he said In a grave professional tone, ' as a marked copy.' 