MISSIONARY JUBILEE. SYDNEY CELEBRATIONS. A BISHOP CONSECRATED. ENTHUSIASM MAINTAINED. (From our Special Correspondent.) Sydney, August 25. To the thankful, surprise of most Church people, the enthusiasm and interest in mis-<*> sions so markedly seen on Sunday and at the opening meeting in the Town Hall on llonday bas continued unabated through out the \reek. The Bishop atSev Guinea is not noted as a great speaker in Adelaide. Indeed, -when tliere he has always beeit in the worst of health, occasioned bj- heat^nd fever. But on Monday nigit, wnen Read ing his own. cause, he surpassed himself, and made what was then thought the epeeeh of the week. And who wouH V?t be inspired, by the vast audiences of tie Sydney Town Hall? Who would not be stirred-to his-'<lrtanost by-HbavJng to speak ?J the presence of 30 bishops and all the hierarchy of Australia? In the afternoon of any day the Loan Exhibition, opened by Lady Mary Lygon on Tuesday, has con tinued to attract hundreds of spectators and buyers, while small l&tarettes;, descrip tive of life and irork in China, Japcn, New Guinea, and the islands of lie sea, have given instruqtion to willing bearers. On :V\ ednesday evening attention was directed to aboriginal missions in Australia, the Principal speakers being €he Rev. E. *?ribble. o£ BeUenden Ker, and the Bishop ?f Perth. The great Bishop of the West, ytose untiring energy and vast capacity for work is so well known, spoke ciearly and plainly of the small resufts he could show in toe teaching of the ilicks in the West; tout "if little 4as (been done," said ne, "who is to blame? I, wWo am depen dent on your support, or you wflio have de nied me that ? support?" Mr. Gribble Brought home the dutv of supporting Bel lenden Ker, and he can feel sure that never again will tire same apathy be bdotth towards his natives. Thursday night was devoted to descrip tion of missions in China and it was no wonder tfoat in the present political state of affaire crowds came to fce told all that could be said in the time of that place. Perhaps there was a genuine desire to , learn wiietier misaionarics by misplaced enthusiasm ? had precipitated the present ?war. ? Such a desire was scarcely gratified. ?Yet the dangers and the difficulry of work in thp Celestial 'Empire were plainly shown forth. Every night as before the magni ficent Sydney organ pealed forth Tronder iul music, which yet could not deaden the vast Volume of voices singing **Deus Mis ereatur"'and special hvmns. Every night, ntore than £50 was stall collected towards the more perfect egmmnent o£ the flying column of the ChurcTT. Friday, August .24, St. Bartholomew's Day, is a day much to be remembered. De vout Churchmen hold it as a festival of *ne Apostle Martyr; friends of freedom in religion remember it with hor ror in connection with the hideous massacre of Huguenot Protestants an France after she Revolution or the edict Of Nantes. "Paris is well worth a mass," said Henri IV. It is a day much to be remembered br the Church of Australia' since on it in 1900 the college of bishops was -increased by the consecration of the first Bishop of Carpen taria, and the offering of the greatest missionary gift yet made. On this day the festival fnimmatxi blossomed, ripened, and great-was die blearing of it. In jpan v a cburcb special services "had been had, special prayers offered for the duly elected bishop. In St. Andrew's Cathedral there -Was a celebration of *ire Holy Communion at 8 o'clock, mermng prayer at 9.30, and the consecra icion service was announced for 10.30. By ?10. o clock aH the space not reserved for clergy was densely jarliwl with visitors, celfgaus, and ladies. . The clergy were assembling in the chapter house to. robe, and* tiie precentor was Taming directions as to the order of the procession. At-10.15 the dean -and canon of the Cathedral met Ms Excellency the Earl of Beauchamp at the--west-door,- and conducted bun' to his seat. . At 10.25 the clergy fined" up" in a long'.winding. row, irnvt and 4wi), ibetween the chapter house aad tlhe entrance. Then to A-bf,. 4 p . <^--hind.~o'.<rf£:Ks'i?4iaia. '????'-'?"?'?— Thy Church bom.age to age, they; entered in the -following order:— ;: ' "Verger. ' ? Cboir. "Lay 'Canons ot Cathedral Chapter, -fiegistrar of the Droetse.- Chancellor of the Diocese. \- Clergy in tbe fpUowing.order of Dioceses:— :-, ; < . Hockhans>ton. -? ' " " Riverina. ?? v. ?* ? ? Jftgth Queensland*. *- BaaWt. Bathurstc ' ? * ? . Grsfton Aod .Aonidilc*. {^OOIdOUXIX,- Brisbane. ..:, Perth. ' . Adelaide. Melbourne. :_ Newcastle. ' Ificor Canons.' .. ? Precentor. ?? ?* Canon of the Cathedral. -.— ?-.: --Tile "Dem." "~- Biebop Designate of .Carpentaria. The Sight Ber. Bishop Stutch. , lie Bight Rev. Bisbop Cooper. : The Diocesan . Bishops (With their chapteinsj in same order of incedence as their clergy. -Pr?u*cT--Th? Bfcshop of Newcastle. . . The Archbiafaop ol Sydney. :?_ . Turee bisfaope, -Waispo,- Sooth tTokyOj and Kova Scotia, added further to. <the eplecdorof a scene wiere 230 clergy and 22 rimSicps inihuiapbins and crosiers, <ma*d)£dkinp'she ee^re of ?he nave. ~ v ' The an<d&,K3^at^**^nge4 gfcA-'S, ecarjet ana wart w^^; ViSei'Moore, Cbllege of ISeo iogy iuid DuAain Umversstr, St. Aogos linffi GoQege, Gantertmry, and DubUn bjue; ?n-like mublbit of BX^ and. black rm- BcadenHc tippets - afl minted wifh tike Kplemiid co&vooation; robes of the episca s?te, and helped to Sieigirten the spectacle. The bishops' -crosiers were of many pat terns sad siies.(th*t of Adelaide bamg of the -most beantiful, aa it was borne by 4S>e I Ker. P: R..P. Dodd), and' standing in- rank da the jH^"""^ remiDded oae of an arch of Bteel to 3re Unversed by tie grand master ot flie ceremoines. It was a pity, perbaps, thftt deans were oat a&ed; to marcb with the bhihDips, or that each bishop -did no; march -wi-ttn ffledergr; a jui'ly, also, tSiat (When so inaqy.,<leliegates had come thou sands of miles 4o take part in die jubilee ttey. ahomld mo^tave been a?owat to take part no -tbe service somehow—by marching in proce^ian or helpiflg bo present the of fering. . TherAaehiidg ?nhtrh'?phif, gonsKt irtg of ?tie Dean, Archdeacon' Young-, Ooon Baampefi. -tfce Ectb. E. K. Yeatanan, M. 'L. C. Headlam, A- G. B. West, P. W. Wi?dn eon, and K. W. Prfbjoy, eat together; bdi Bleasra. C. B. Yoong, A. H. Roberts, and E.- H. Idmbert -<were flcattered variously itf H*"*1 cfoorch. St. Andrew's is <6niAed, but not paid for. It is not large, and Jruodrede had to Btand throu^Kmt. Within, its fine organ and wondrous east window lend devotional ?tone, wtiich is, however, almost neatnalised b.r a tiled dado ail roond the save. The fjiaJUatry is crammed and. ineffective. The altar taw, unadorned with cross or candlestick, and scarcely decorat ed *>y ?wo huge jars of lilies. Une choir is almost as good as St. Peter's, Adelaide, and naturally on its mettle. Cer tacniy it sang Gounod's "Send op Thy light and "Whoso dwelleth underVhe de fence of the Most High" very effectively, very sweetly; but to many people the whole service was marred by a florid and difficult confession in the communion service, m urihidh it was out of the question for the ?rou?r<?^>fcian to yfm. Bat tTie greatest pity- of all about St. Andrew's is its posi tion. Stranding side by' ?ride with tbe Town Ha? in George-Street, ha3f-way be tween the railway- station and Circular Quay, it is indeed -fairly central, but it is hidden. It cannot be seen from the harbor or the country, whereas every vovager from Europe or Asia who enters Sydney Harbor by Orient liner or Japanese boat, sees first el aH topping the higjiest hfll, dominating the whole, the graceful cruciform, St. ilary's Roman Catholic Cathedral. The sermon was- preached by Bisbop Etneton, of Newcastle, the senior Austra lian bishop, who ib called the bishop-maker. So him largely is due the appointment o[ TMshop Barlow, of. North Queensland, Bishop Anderson, of Biverina, arid Bi*hor> White, of Carpentaria. His voice is mel low, clear, and ringing, bis presence ma jestic end inspiring. ? Wt* eonmjeruialble eelf-restraint be preached no more than 25 minutes, taking as his text, That he might gatlter together into one the children of God that were scattered abroad."—St. John is. 52. A missionary sermon, de livered without notes, listened to attentive ly, well thought out, and eloquent, com paring the present festival to the confirma tion of that baptismal service in which Bishops Broughton, Selwyn, Perry, Nixon, Short, and Tyrell (had bunched the Board of Missions. Speaking of the new diocese of Carpentaria, the largest in Australia, save that of Perth, he related that there lisas itihen in' die Noztihero Tteni iorv 300 Britisn andl 5,000 Chinese; on' Thursday Island, 3,400 souls, 'of whom, howerer, only 660 were Uritish, and the rest Chinese, -Cingalese, Javanese, Japa nese, Slelanesians, and aboriginals. After die sermon the Iris3ioji-design:i.te (tlie A'rn. .Archdeacon .White) was,.conducted to the Vestry, where he assumed bis rochet, and on returning" was presented by liishqps I £>tanton and liarlow to the archbishop with the words, "Most reverend father in God, we present unto you this godly and well learned man, to be ordained and consecra ted bidhop." .'Hie instrument o£ confirma tion of election was then read by the Chan cellor, and the oath of due obedience taken*. The rest of the questions in the consecra tion service were asked and answered, the other Episcopal vestments put on, the "Come, Holy Ghost" was sung, and the senior bishops present all laid their hands in consecration upon tlie bistiop-elect, and the archbishop pronounced the words of consecration. The new bishop then took-his place- iu-tlie sanctuary, and the Australian College-was increased to four times what it was 50 years ago. Then came the second great function of the service, or at least great function it : should have been made, but was not. The bishops, in order of seniority, lircr-en'ted tlie jubilee offerings from their several dioceses to the archbishop, standing before the al tar The full details have not yet been -publishea- It is hoped that £10,000 in all will -be collected, and £8,400 1/11 wus^ on the offertory plate. Of this amount t>yd ney diocese gave£l,9oo; Melbourne,£l,3oo; Adelaide, £735; Tasmania, £560; Perth, £l,100;and-tbecongregarionassembled i.137 18/1 not including a diamond ring said to be worth £25, and put into the plate. The offering should bave been made by all the representatives of every diocese, ii was thought, but the size of the Cathedral and the tune of the consecration service decid ed against any such attempt. The great number" of cmninnnicaiits --aoout _ ?W— dragged the service our until 2 o clock. Then the sight of 220 clergy and 2* bishops in the chapter-House, waiting till all should be assembled for dismissal, was a striking and memorable eight. Sever before lias aH Australia been properly represented in one function,, and here there were, m addi tion, bishops from America, 2Sew Zealand, and Japan. In the evening at 8 o'clock the Town Hall for the last night of the festival was fuller than ever before- His Excellency the Governor art on the right of the chair-; man, the Premier (Sir William Lyne) on the left. In the galleries and in the body of -the hall one would say that there was scarcely a vacant place. The arch bishop opened, in rather more happy style tflian usual, and thanked God for the suc cess of the effort. The Bisnop of South Tokyo followed in a speech which read better than it sounded, and then the audi ence settled dawn to what'it knew was to be the intellectual treat of the week, the address of the Biihop of Xova Scotia. Bishop Courteney is an Englishman, who served curacie at Andlow,""in Kent, and .ifter some time in orders went over to New York, then to Chicago, then was called to Canada and: elected a bishop there. He represented the greetings o£ the Protestamt Episcopal Church in the United States and the General Synod of Canada. An abstract of he said would be tame and useless. Ibis the voice, perfectly modulated, tender, stern, vocife rant, pleading at wBl; the language care fully chosen, ?n easy rounded sentences, raising expectations, always fulfilling them. It is the elaborate, yet simple, analogies and figures of speech with which his words were fllimrated; the vigor and power and personality lying behind it all. And not then have you analysed what makes up the power of the man- Yet.not a word he said was missed by the huge audience, not I a point which failed to be seized, so that when the Primate wanted to atop the speaker after 25 minutes, the whole 4,000 shouted as one man, "No, no. Go on, go on." And if anything can bring together countries yo widely separated as Canada and Australia, it would be such' a speech. And if anything could ensure the absolute (success of any meeting, missionary, political, philanthropic, or ifflesely ftoeinl. it would be socu a speaker and each a subject j The ?workere had been waiting to receive ' with salvos fhe saintly Btebop of Tasmania. Titart <&ance; ntvw *sras and was not missed. The Primate might be at the bead and do the ornamental, work of receiving Governors, presiding at meetings, and so ?n, fait it was "H.H. Tasmania" who had omoewea1, initiated, fathered, instructed, edncated, and launched tihe whole move ment .of ?tbe.jubaee.-and.AqjiiiHi ti?>andi ence determined that honor should now be given. If less of an tfcaipr £han ifova Scotia he is no less admired, esteemed, and loved, for £be.2}n£bt I !spiiqtual force of his words of life perTades-ins-presence. His request, aiat the **Te Denm" might be snug afctjie close was therefore hailed as touching the true .ndtej.and raising a missionary meeting even 4o ia higher level. Tie newly- made Bisirop of Carpentaria (had also a cordial reception is he dwelt upon the growing influence of the East, and its nearer approach "to us of the West; as tie enunciated again the great trail), the truth impossible of exaggeration-—: (that'a nation's strength dependa apoa ite morality, and its morality upon its re- Hgkm; as sie pointed wrt tfhat though Eng land had given £10,000 to'endow his see, Australia—Australia, whwh'ownte it,-wnicb is most nearly interested—had not yet given a penny. So ends a great occasion, land a great op portunity for -the Church in Australia. The Missionary Jubilee has been an unqualified success, whose fruit ?win be seen in a truer conception of national duty curd Christian zeaL 