ROVERS v. CRANBOURNE. At ten past nine on the 26th, sixteen Rovers got aboard the train at Prince's Bridge en 'ronte for Oranbourne. In stead of going straight on to their destination a break was made in the journey at Dandenong, where a large an tiquated caravan picked them up for the nine mile drive to the township. The van being roomy and comfortable, a pleasant time was spent along the road, as nearly all. the company contributed their respective harmonious >embellish mentsto th-eb1riegated programmegone through. A song by Mr. Orchard was specially encored, whilst a Gaelic song by Mr. Jean Magnus had an accent that ,would almost make Robert Burns' ghost applaud. Arriving at Cranbourne a little after twelve just gave the players time to don their flannels before sitting down to an excellent dinner prepared by Mrs. Nurse. After dinner the match was started at half-past one by the Cranbourne captain winning"the toss and sending his men into bat, when they totalled up 143 before the last wicket. fell: The principal contributors were H. Nurse 27, Thorpe 18, Miles 17.. McLean 15, W. McLeod 13, and Hen derson 12. Ike Henderson should have made many more, but was unfortunately snapped up when batting most artisti cally. Most of the Rbvers' bowling was divided between Buncle, Olucas, and Miller. The fielding was not up to the average, but splendid work behind the wickets was executed by Ricketti Ricarto, who caught their champion, Alick Duff, beforebhe got-going, as well as stumping several others. To beat their opponents 143 did not seem a very hard task, but the batting of the Rovers was so incon sistent that they could not compile more than 102 runs, and thus lost the game by 42 runs. The best batting was shown by Houston, Clucas, and Buncle, with 40, 21, and 14 respectively, and the bowling honors were carried off by Duff and Miles. At the conclusion of the game Mr. aIcMillan, the respected president of the Cranbourne Cricket Club, kindly invited the teams to re freshment, and mentioned in a eulogistic manner how pleased they were when the Rovers' annual match with them came round. MIr. Stewart suitably responded, and afterwards the evening meal was tackled with invigorated appetites, and arrangements were made for leaving early so that ,Melbourne might be reached before 10. All agreed that it had been a most enjoyable trip, rendered doubly so by the kind attention of Mir. and Mrs. H. Nurse, Mr. McMillan, and many others. P. Norz. North Melbourne Rovers v. St. Kilda to-morrow (Saturday), at St. Kilda. Rover's team--Buncle, Clucas, Cheese, )Dellit, Emerson.Fuhrhop, Gourlay, Kirk, Miller, MeIndoe, Morgan, McLeish, Scurry, and Stewart. Cabs leave town hall at 1.45 sharp. 