AT THE FRONT. ! BATTLE OP MAGERSFOETEIN. . v';' nil' ' ; GOOD "WORK BY THE LANCERS. ET5I' I j HOW THE NAVAL MEN WORKED. I o ' IXVJSi ! - THE HIGHLANDERS CUT U1V HARROWING SCENES AFTER THE BATTLE. (FROM OUR SPECIAL WAR CORRESPONDENT, F. W. WILKINSON.) r The Now Zealand Shlpnin Company's steamer Papanui, which left Capetown 011 Po- eemher 27th, arrived at llobart. yesterday, bringing totters from onr Special War Cor- ! respondents nt the front. Mr. Frank Wilkinson, who arrived at Mngersfontein on the 1 morning of the battle, gives details of the events of tho day, and a graphic description i H, o sorrowful seauel. when burial parties were out. and the medical and nursing | staffs were working under bigli pressure. ! Mr. .T. W. Ramble, who is with the Victorian regiment operating on tbe lines of communication in Northern Cape Colony, gives an account of what camp life is like In the disaffected districts. Ilolh messages wore telegraphed from ITobnrK MODDER RIVER, Wednesday, December 13. ISOO ,-To-day hostilities have been temporarily mspended, to enable both sides to bury tho dead Bad recover wounded comrades. Ono appreciates a lull like this. Tlio toughest nerves won't stand too much strain, and wo have lmd a fairly "jumpy" time slnco daylight on Monday morning. Personally I liavo seen ns much of tlio horrors of war as will last, somo considerable time, and there is more to come very soon. The batllc of Magersfontoin. though not per haps the most important engagement on this i tide, furnished as much sensation ns ono Is ! likely to got in the whole campaign. Wo mado I in attempt oil an almost Impregnable Boer j position, received a decided cheek, and retreated i upon our base at Modder River, with 800 , casualties, including 200 missing. Forty-eight officers were wounded and 15 killed outright, tniong whom wore General Wnuchope, command ing I lie Highland Brigade, as brilliant nnd well- beloved an oillcer as any In tho service. Lord Winchester. Colonel Gough (Argyle and Suther land Highlanders), Colonel Bowman (Gordon Highlanders), Colonel Coode (Black Watch), Majors Milton nnd Rony, of tho Mounted In fantry, and Major Robertson (Argyle and Suther- i land Highlanders)— a big butcher's bill for one engagement. We haven't a ghost of a notion what it cost the Boers In their trenches, but our shell fire must have been awfully destructive. A Boer Dfllcor whom wo took prisoner told mo that lio raw SO men killed by ono Lyddite shell, and that lie himself had lost half bis company. As mentioned in my lost letter, I reached Magersfontcln, near Modder River, In the groy I dawn of Monday, just In the nick of tlmo to see I those brave, dauntless "kilties." I saw tliem t moving forward through tho mist in perfect lattle array, wtlh the light, springy step of tho parade ground, I watched them stagger and Taller within a few hundred yards of tlio enemy's (ranches, under a perfect storm of bullets, then lio down and fire, nnd finally retire in con- j fusion, leaving their dead and wounded behind, while our own Now South Wales Lancers and the Mounted Infantry rode up to cover their rctrent. At the moment, I didn't know them from British "Tommies." They have been rouniformed with khaki and | helmets, and mounted 011 Capo ponies, rather weedy-looking animals, but wiry That smart review- order dress which Sydney people are used to is quite out of the question hero. Wo are lighting an enemy which can aim straight. Ho only wants a mark to slioot at. .First of all tho stripes camo oif the trouser legs — they were altogether too conspicuous; also cocks' feathers in the felt hats. Then tho hat minus the plume resembled the Boer head-dress too closely, and finally it also came off in favor of the holmet. I heard of several ratlior amusing Incidents in tills connection. One Lancer boy who got adrift ( from his comrades was actually taken prisoner, j and brought before tho commanding officer on ; suspicion of being a Boer spy. Now they only use thoso slouch hats In camp. Just at present tliey aro under canvas with the Mounted In fantry, to whom tliey aro attached. In a pretty llltlo spot on tho bank of tho river, which used to bo part of a Dutchman's farm. Tile said Dutch man was sent away to Capetown at the begin ning of the war, and his farm, residence, and | cultivation paddocks wero commandeered. I Lieut.' Osborne, who Is In 'command of our 28 jj Lancers, occupies a tent in the back yard. I THE ART OF COMMANDEERING I Commandeering, by tho way, Is quite a fasliion- l able pastime here. Whenever you run short of 3 anything you connnaiulccr it— from tho Boers It '% possible, but anyhow if necessary. On the way ( to the front 1 had to leave my horse behind at j Belmont, thero being no means of getting fur- i; thcr north except, by road, and this is not par- j ticularly safe when tho Boers might cut across the line at any time. I bought another up hero, but during tho fight at Mngersfontein I tied it up to creep closer to tho firing lino, and when I went back somebody elso had commandeered It. f I havo given up buying horses now, and still I f urn not without a mount. Commandeering Is an j art easily acquired. Last night, as our Lunccrs camo back to camp, I heard a Tommy who stood alongside remark' i that "thoso colonial blokes had soon learned to \ forage for themselves." Then I noticed that scvo- l ral of thorn had fowls slung from their saddles. & They had been doing a little commandeering on | their own account. 'p Ouf'innv have been brigaded with the Mounted | Infantry, not mounted infantry in the sense wo i use the expression, but actually companies of in fant! y drawn from their own regiments and put on horses. In this case they are from tho North Lancitfihircs, Northumberland Fusiliers (com monly called Iho "Fighting Fifth"), and West Yorlts. They wero all under Major Milton until ho was shot down and killed on Monday morn- ing. The rest of our Lancers who camo out from Knglnnd are down at Nanuwpoort, under Captain Cox, and I hear that tho balance of tho men, who camo out in the steamer Kent, hnvo joined them there. I don't know why tills little lot up here— only 28 all told— has been detached from tho rest of tho unit. Scrgt. -major Itobson Is ii.. t i i in nhfipfra nnd the ui« iHm-cuuiiuiBPioni'u uiuu.-» n» men under him hail from Parramatta, Maitland, I Singleton, Berry, Camden, and tho Richmond River. Tliey havo all had just about as much lighting within tho last ten days as would satisfy most people for a lifetime. They were In tho thick of four desperalo lights. Several horses havo been killed, but as yet none of the men hnvo been popped off. They havo had nnirou rccapcs without, number, and experiences which won't fado from their memories whllo life lasts. Just now they are enjoying a well- earned rest under tho shadow of their blanket tents, after sleeping out sevcrnl nights on tho open veldt, through tropical storms, and Listing for nearly 30 hours on end. I was talking lo some of them this morning When a staff officer rode up to convey General Mclhueu's congratulations to them. for the way in which they had conducted themselves in the Sold. Ho compared them very favorably with hr.poilnl regiments at tho front. This by tho way. "THE KILTIES" AT MAGERS- 1 FONTEIN. Now to return to tlio MoKcrBfonteln Incident of Monday. We had been shelling iho Boers' posi tion overnight without drawing tho enemy's fire, find at daybreak wc started out to try and take the trenches by storm. Tho Boers were strongly I posted along tho range of some kopjes facing 1 south, then tho trenches were cunningly placed | und screened with karroo bush. You couldn t I detect a sign of life along tho whole line, and ji even when tliey poured load Into thoso uuforlun- jj ite "kilties" it was impossible to see from whcnco |f: tho firing came, except In one or two isolated V cases, whero tho Boers used old-fashioned black powder cartridges." To me it looked gruesomely uncanny, this mod- dern method of fighting. You never knew whether you were within rang© of Boer bullets or i not. The first position I took up struck we as an I ideal one for seeing the fight until something whizzed uncommonly close to my ears. T hugged mother earth with more dispatch than dignity, but even then several of thoso abandoned crea tures on tho other side kept sniping at me. They climb trees anrl pot at you in cold blood. Then It struck mo that X should bo ahlo to see just as well from somo more sheltered spot, nnd I crawled back to whero things were not quite so hot and bullets ceased from troubling. To all appear ances then the left flank terminated tn a kopje directly In front of our position, but experience showed that they wero strongly entrenched right along tho narrow ridge, extending to tho river . hank, about half a milo away, j As tho Highland Brigade moved forward to i glvo battle, they passed ono of thoso trenches without being seen by tho Boers. It was then comparatively dark, but as our "kilties" re- i tired tbey detected thoso entrenched Boers, I and promptly bayoneted them. It wus a God send to them to be able to bayonet somebody. No soldier cares about being winged if only bo gets a chance at his enemy, but to be whipped out without striking a blow is too much. "JOE CHAMBERLAIN" AND LYDDITE SHELLS. Of course our artillery must have ilono terrific datnago to the Doer force, but ivo could not seo | tho effoct of it. | I stood and watched tliat big gun which they havo christened "Joo Chamberlain" dropping Lyddite shells among tlio Boer trenches with deadly precision, but without aim from the enemy. How these bluejackets sweated and worked! They wero funny-looking objecta — straw hats and bluo uniform, all enveloped In I khakee. But tills was no tlmo for jocularity. Their commander, with a telescopo glued to his right eye, kept them going. It was- good to hear his cheery words of command. "Six thous and nino hundred yards, at the middle of the j kopje to the right — Lyddite shell— ready — fire!" | and the liugo gun gave a lurch to tho rear as the missile burst from its mouth with tho roar of ton thousand thunderclaps. Then there was a lull to watch the effect through the glass. "First rate,", cries tlio commander; "another Lyddito shell, same range nnd same kopje." A second terrific report ns before, a cloud of dirty-looking smoke, and. ns it drifted away from tho front of tho kopjo another shell is well on its way thitherwards. This went on for many hours, to tho accompaniment of deep rumbling from tho howitzer battery to our extromo right. THE PART PLAYED BY THE LANCERS. We thought wo had succeeded in driving tho Boers from their trenches, but learned better, to our cost. Our Lancers marched out of camp on Sunday afternoon, to act as escort to tho field battery R.I-I.A., which advanced on the north, uutil well within rnngo of tho Boer position. Tho artillery opened, fire, while our fellows rode away on the right flank, to feel for tho enemy and draw his fire. After about an hour's shelling, tho battery and escort moved up closer, nnd again the Lancers went out in search of tho enemy, together with tho Mounted Infantry, and 9th Lancers. This time they found moro than tlioy bargained for. Hardly had they left tho cover of tho donso karroo bush than the Boers opened out on them from flank and front. Bullets whizzed about their care in a most annoying fashion, and then they found that tho Boers wero shooting right away from the river bank, actually enfi lading them. Fortunately they wero in extended order. Tliey streaked back for cover, dismounted by sections, and returned. At last the artillery fire slackened and died away. Tbo Lancers retired about a mile to tlio rear, and bivouacked, ltain fell In torrents, but there were no tents, or cover, or food — nothing but a blanket and a great coat. At 4 o'clock next morning, wot and cold, just ns I reached the spot, tlioy wero once moro starting out to escort the guns into action. It was barely daylight; indeed, five minutes before you couldn't see a man two yards in front of you. Then it was that tho Highlanders ennio to sorious grief. Tliey marched up in close order, whllo tlio Lancers took a direction to the right front. Tlio latter wero again mibjocted to ail ex cessively warm firo, nnd three of their horses bit tlio dust. They advanced again, to cover tho retreat of the Highlanders, nmiil a lmil of bullets. Their major was shot down In trying to bring up somo of tlio Guards into the firing lino. Hero, tho Lancers lay down and fired at the Boer trenches. To their extreme right were the York shire Light Infantry, nnd in their rear tho Cold- streams. They remained in tills position, firing and being fired at, for sovorul hours, and lhon retired. Most of the troops on the right flank had been withdrawn by sundown, with tiie apparent inten tion of enticing the Boers from their trenches. We could see tlicm, with glasses, filing out of their trenches, but nover n sign of them coming out to light. They woro always in a position ready lo scoot back to cover in case of attack. At daylight yesterday morning I was out again in anticipation of another onslaught. The Rim- irgton guides, or "tigers," as they aro called, from tho strip of tiger skin worn by them round their lints, were scouring tile country lo seo whe ther the position had been evacuated during the night. Reports wero contradictory. Some said tlio trenches wero empty, and others that tho Doers were still ir. position. Indeed, wo could seo thorn with strong glasses flitting about iu front of the kopje. AFTER THE BATTLE. Nothing happened until about noon, when big guns again opened fire, but tho army Itself was evidently In retreat on Modder River. Tho long line transport waggons which started out to tho relief of Kimberlcy had turned back towards Its base. Tho balloon was coming back, also the ambulance waggons full of dead and (lying High landers. Tliero had been a continual strain ou them during tho past two days, Tiro poor chaps who had been left behind in tlio hurry of the retreat to bo exposed to tho weather all night woro brought In in a horrlbio plight. The ambu lance Corps did deeds of bravory during tlio en gagement which ought to enrn them tho highest distinction. Thoy rushed into the firing lino to the resouo of tho wounded nt imminent peril to themselves nnd the men whom they tried to suc cor, for in most cases they only drow tho enemy's fire. I lica id that soma of theso poor fcllowB began to pray lo bo loft alone. Thoy wero afraid that whilo tlioy were bolng moved moro shots would be fired at them. Down in town it was pitiable in tbe extreme to soo those shnttercd units arriving In waggon loads from tho front, some of them with ns many as four shots through their bodies, others smash- j ed up with shrapnel, most hideous sights to look upon. Tho accommodation .was limited to such an extent that scores had to lie all night under hotel verandahs, after having their wounds dressed. I stayed nt an hotel that night, but got no sleep owing to "tho moans and groans from tho prostrate figures just outside your door, wound ed officers next door just breathing their last, Boer prisoners' who had been bayoneted by our men writhlDg In agony with death written plain on every feature, men dying In scores attended by comrades who had escaped with slight in juries; fresh waggons arriving with ghastly freight at frequent Intervals, Immediately sur rounded by anxious comrades, showing tremen dous anxioty as, to who wero still left behind. BURIAL OF MAJOR-GENERAL WAUCIIOPE. Where was their General? Was ho dead or taken prisoner, or what? The question was solved yesterday afternoon. A triico was ar ranged to enable both sides to recover their wounded. General Wauchopc's body was found along with the rest. I saw many bravo High landers with tears running down their checks as tho body was borne into camp. Ho was buried with full military honors, ex cept that no minute guns wero fired. Never will tho Impression of that solemn cere mony fado from my memory. As tho sun wont down in tho west the Highland Brigade, or what was left of them, marched slowly at tho head of the bier, with arms reversed and pipers crooning out their national dirge. Several thousand troops formed a square around tho grave, with tho General and his Staff in the centre, and tho chaplain repeating tho solemn words of tho burial service. Wounded men wore standing round weeping and awestruck, while at a few paces off fatiguo parties dug fresh graves for stricken friends. They buried nearly 100 just behind tho station and many others on tho battlefield whero they fell, somo in most grotcsquo positions. Tho wounded have been conveyed back to Capetown in hospital trains as fast as tho traffic would permit. Tho pressure is now relieved, and an armistice has been declared for to-day. Burial paries are out. We arc taking advantngo of tbo lull in tho storm to throw up earthworks in case of attack, but thero is no great likelihood of tho Boers coming out to meet us in the open. The hotel was cleared out this morning, being wanted for military purposes. I havo shifted to a place called "The Island" for the present. It is right In tho centre of whero tho first Modder River fight took place. Thero is a building on It which was used as a Boer hospital. It has been riddled with our shot and shell. Tho huts and kraals round about wero smashed up by shrapnel. You can see places whero a shell has mado a clean holo through the wall, and passed through a cupboard and chest of drawers, and gone out again through the oppostto wall; every thing inside was smashed up by tbo Boers before they left,, and the valuables taken away—com raandcored, in fact. 