THE MESMERIST'S CRIME, ^trBLTrafra BY sndixi ARRAITSWCBNT. COPYKK5HT. CHAPTER X.—(Continued.) 73\. iff. Warjeo A*awof"The Gi at Porter Square Myrtery," ««Grif," "The Sacred Nugyet," 41 Miriam Rozella," "A Fair Jeweti," "The Golden T^nd," • The Betrayal of Jokn Fordham," to., to. II was during one of hia later risit* to Paria that he met the young ^adr who booame hie second wife. The passions and inclinations of men are matters of impulse and inheritance, and though they may be eontrolled they cannot be destroyed. The noraent Bernard Maubray saw Gabrielle a new flower of love took root in his heart, and • her image accompanied him when he went from her presence. She was vary little older tttan hia daughter Valerie, and it might k»ve been thought that the disparity in their ages would have held him back. Bat strong-minded as he was, the charm had fallen and he could cot resist it. If occasionally the doubt intruded itself that the union of a lady with a man old enough to be her father was unwise, it was instantly dismissed. In the lives of most men there are overwhelming tides which carry them onward despite themselves. That Bernard Maubray loved Gabrielle passionately in no way lessened his love for Valerie ; it helped, indeed, to strengthen it, inasmuch as it opened the door to a closer and more constant companionship with bis iear child. It would also impart new sweetness to Gabrielle's union with him, for she would have a companion of her own ag-e always by her side. He encouraged every argument favourable to the consummation of bis ardent wishes, and dismissed every argument which bade him reflect before he took the final step. Thers were peculiar circumstances which kurrred him so. Gabrielle's father was so •ntangled in pecuniary difficulties that ruin •tared him in the face. Not only rnin but dishonour; for in his frantic efforts to release himself from disaster he had in an incautious moment stepped aside from the path of rectitude. Kxposure meant dishonour, dishonour meant death. When Bernard Maubray appeared upon the scene all this was known to Gabrielle, in whom her father, weak and rafton of purpose, had confided, and her soul Vas filled with horror at the threatened tragedy. Bernard Maubray was the one man who could avert this tragedy, who could preserve her father's honour, and in a moment of despair she consented to be his wife. No shadow of this despair was visible to Maubray. He loved, and was blind. The •adness of her face was accounted for by the eloud which hung over her father's honoured name, the cloud which it was his good [artifne to remove. To this cause, also, he attributed her wandering glances and the nervous clasping of her hands when he pressed bis suit. In a certain sense her sadness imparted a spiritual element to her beauty, and, given that her heart was at rest, all elie was well. But her heart was not at rest. She consented to marry Bernard Maubray, but she did not love him. Had she made this clear to him he would have instantly released her, but •he kept her secret close—the secret which only one man could have Buspected, and that nan one of the base creatures of the earth whose career was strewn with perjured vowi and blighted hopes, with shame and despair, and •ometimes death. Even as it was she would not have accepted Bernard Maubray had she not had a firm conviction that her days were numbered, and that she would soon go down to the grave with her secret unrevealed. By her act sha released her father from impending dishonour; by nature's decree she would be saved from a woman's deepest shame. So they were married in Paris, and in the church in which the ceremony took place hirked the villain who had betrayed her. He kept so far baok in the gloom of unillumined pillars that he did not see the faces of toride and bridegroom ; he heard the sound of murmuring voiees, and, the ceremony over, he alunk away, twirling his Mephistophelian moustache with an air of satisfaction. It was an obstacle removed, and he was contented. w Bv ay faith," he murmured, with a smile, " I "have had my pastime, and Gabrielle is aettled in life. Farewell, my sweet Gabrielle." But if it contributed to his satisfaction to think that the consequences of his base act were for ever removed, and that they would play no part in his future, he could have paid no regard to that dread Fate which weaves its thread* in silence and darkness, and overturns the grandest as well as the meanest of mortal schemes at the moment of fruition. W« build our castles and dream our dreams, heedless of the unseen shadow which waits upon our actions, and lo! when the edifice is crowned and the dream is dreamed, a thundercloud bursts and lays waste the work of the best years of our life. \- Back in his house, with his bride and his daughter by his side, Bernard Maubray sent forth a work which set the teal upon his renown as one of the world's great painters. Three of his happiest months went by, and then the olouds became overcast. Gabrielle seemed to be pining away. Always quiet and reserved, she grew even fonder of silence and solitude. With love's solicitude he observed how thin and white she was, bow the least sound struck terror to her heart, how when she was in thought and he spoke to her she started as though to ward oS a blow. He questioned Valerie privately. Had Gabrielle complained f " No, answered Valerie, "she never complains." "But she suffers?" "•Yes, she suffers." "Have you tried to ascertain the cause ?" " Tes, but she insists that, she is quite well." "Is the house too quiet for her. • Doe< she wish for company?" " No, she dreads it." And Valerie drew his attention to the oircumstances that when visitors came, or strangers were announced, ber one desire was to avoid them. Indeed, at this time, unknown to the father and daughter, Gabrielle was attempting flight to some spot where she was unknown, and where she could remain hidden from the sight •f all who knew her. He questioned Gabrielle also, and was distressed by the nervousness and fear she exhibited when they were alone together. " Do I frighten you, Gabrielle?" he asked tenderly. "No, no," she replied, " why should I bo frightened when you speak to me ?" But even as she answered she Shrunk from him and could not look him in the face. " If yon have any grief, confide in me. " Yes, I " was never strong, you know." " We will you strong," he said, Striving to speak cheerfully. " You are very good to me—too good, too good!" She was on the verge ot Tears, and he forebore to question her farther. All that love •ould do was done—without avail. Her peace ef mind seemed to be destroyed. Bernard Maubray's most intimate friend was Dr. Weber, a physician of great skill and experience, and from this friend he sought advice. Dr. Weber accompanied the artist home, and ga.ve a gentle hint to Gabrielle of the object of his unexpected visit. " My husband iB mistaken," she said, but •till with that strange air of fear about her, " I am quite well. It is only a little weak- Mas, that will pass off. I am glad to see yon, Dr. Weber, «a a friend. I do not retain medical advioe." Bravely as she spoke she could not command her voice ; her eyes filled with tears. Tears came easily now. "Well, well, mndame,'' said Dr. Weber, " behold me as a friend, not a physician." During the ensuing fortnight he paid several visits to Crow's Nest, and mnking quiet observance of Gabrielle arrived at a conclusion." " She must have change of air and change of scene," he said to Maubray. "Of the two I believe the latter is the more important. She has something on her mind wver which she is brooding, and the quiet routine of her life may be injurious. Map out a three months' tour, and do not stop three days in one place. Take her to theatres where light pieces and light music are being played. A little frivolity will do noharm." When the project was unfolded to Gabrielle she assented to it gladly, even eagerly. It was as if a weight were lifted from her soul—from Maubray's also. His heart grew light at the relief expressed in her countenance. He showed her the plan of the tour he had mapped out, and spoke of the pleasure in store for them. " We will start to-morrow," he said. "We!" she cried, and the light died out of her face. " You, I, and Valerie," he said, wondering at this change in her. " No, no," she exclaimed hysterically. " I must go alone—alone." " My dearest Gabrielle " But she would not listen. With a scared look around, panting and weeping, she cried again, "I must go alone—alone." So great was the violence of her passion that he ceased to expostulate with her. He would not, however, consent to her going without a companion, and after much urging and pleading a compromise was agreed upon, Valerie was to aceompany her, and Maubray was to romain at home. As, in accordance with Dr. Weber's advice, the ladies were to stop no longer than three days in one place, it was arranged that Maubray should address his letters to the posU resiante in the next town or city to which they were bound. "You will write regularly," he said to Gabrielle. "Don't t^f me to promise," she said. "The moment I sit down to write a letter my head begins to ache." . But Valerie promised to write two or three 'mes a week, and with that he was fain to be content. So the adicux were Bpoken, and they rode away. Valerie in her letters spoke more of Gabrielle than of herself. Now the invalid was a little better, npw she was not quite so well, now she said she was feeling a little stronger. Time and time again did Maubray express his earnest desire to join them, if only for a week or a few days, but Gabrielle would not hear of it, and somewhat to his surprise he was dissuaded also by Valprie, who before their departure was very anxious that he should accompany them. Condemned seclusion he took mental refuge work, and spent most of his time in the Buined Tower, where he painted from memory a marvellous portrait of his wife, absence from whom intensified the love be bore for her. He wrote long letters to the absent ones, and to Gabrielle he poured forih his soul, writing as a young man might have done under the influence of the first divine dream of love. If sometimes in Valerie's letters there was a forced gaiety, he did not detect it, having an eye only to the brighter issues of this enforced separation from those he held most dear. Thus month after month went by until four had passed, and then the thunderbolt fell. One morning, without any intimation that he was coming, Dr. Weber ascended the steps of the Ruined To^-er. and stood in the presence of his friend CHAPTER XI. Bernard Maubray was putting the finishing touches to the portrait of his wife, upon which until this day no eye had fallen but his own. With mingled admiration and distress Dr. Weber gazed upon the beautiful work. It lives, Weber," cried the artist enthusiastically; "it almost breathes. What say yon?" " It is wonderful 1" replied Dr. Weber, oppressed by the mournful news he was intrusted to communicate. The sad note in the doctor'« voice drew Maubray's attention to him; but he turned the next moment to the engrossing creation of his loving fancy. "I did not wish you to see it," he continued, " until it was completed. It has been my principal occupation these last two months, and even now I am scarcely satisfied; it is hardly worthy of the original, but who could hope to fit upon canvas a face and form so perfect ? It is my gift to her upon her return , when she looks upon it she will know .'that she has lived in my heart. Valerie's letters lead me to expect that I shall not have long to wait for our happy reunion." " I have heard from her," said Dr. Weber. "From Gabrielle?" "No, from Valerie." Again the sadness of his voice attracted the notice of the artist, and now he guzed upon his friend more attentively. "I am guilty of great selfishness,"he said, laying his hand kindly upon his friend's shoulder. " It is the curse of our nature. Forgive my apparent indifference. You are in trouble." "Yes, I am in trouble ; but not alone for myself, Maubray. There are sorrows which affect us deeply through sympathy with those we love." Maubray's face grew pale as he laid aside his palette and brashes. " You have received a letter from Valerie. Does this sorrow touch me?" " It touches you, dear friend." " Valerie is ill," cried Maubray. " Thon I must go to her. I was too weak and irresolute ; they should not have gone without roe. I must go to them at once—at once!" "Valerie is well," said Dr. Weber, and his voice grew more grave. , "Good God! It is Gabrielle! Tell me quickly—quickly! Why did not Valerie write to me ? Speak, man, speak! There is something in your face " " Summon all your fortitude, dear friend. Valerie did not write to you direot because she feared the shock." "The shock!" exclaimed Maubray, a vague terror stealing upon him. " She is on her way home; she will soon be here." " With Gabrielle — oh, thank God ! Gabrielle is ill, but we will nurse her into health. My care, your skill " His agitation overpowered him, and ho could not procced. " Valerie comes alone," Baid Dr. Weber, solemnly. — ^ " Alone!" " Dear friend, there are griefs which need all our strength to bear. They oome to all , men ; it fa the human lot. But in the midst ef our anguish we must not be regardless ol those who are still left to us, and whose love will help to *of|en eve? the bit forest strokes of destiny. The sense duty remains ; fatth remains ; and Time, th» healer, will mitigats our sufferings." . L " Gabrielle is dead! " said Maubraj in a muffled tone, »d lumen his face to the wall. "Alas!" In that one word the fevolation was olenrfj made. For many minutes neither spot*, then Da. Weber Said, "Valerie asked me to, urtak the sad news; she n, enclosed a letter for yon." "Leave me, Weber," said the bereaved mail. " Do not speak, S oannot bear it. Shs is gone! Gone!" He sank into a chair, and covered his faoe with his hands. A blaek desolation fell npon him ; joy died out of the world ; nothing but pain and sorrow remained. The imago of Gabrielle presented itself to him, as be firs! saw her in Paris whan l<7ve toushed his heart; as he last saw her when she departed with Valerie. Had he but known—had he but known ! The image slowly faded, and the world was dead. He did not weep ; the blow was too crushing for the relief of tears. Dr. Weber placed Valerie's letter on the table, and softly left the room. It was n full hour beiore he stirred from his recumbent attitude, and when he raised his head his eyes rested upon the portrait of Gabrielle. He had depicted her with a smile upon her face, and her lips seemed to b« opening iu the aet of speaking. Was it possible that this dumb canvas should live and she be dead ? No, it was not possible ; some deceit had been practised upon him. But Valerie's letter dispelled this delusion j the words swam in hie fight, but reached his sense. " She died in peace. Dear father, b« comforted." A smile, bitter in its rebellion against the inevitable, came from his Hps. " Be comforted! " What could comfort» man living in a dpfid world ! This was a great tragedy in Bernard Maubray's life, but in the heart of this tragedy was a secret, mercifully hidden from him by Valerie, the knowledge ef which would have overwhelmed him with a deeper despair and a deathless horror; a secret which would have shaken to its foundations his belief in human and Divine goodness. Mercifully epared indeed, though his anguish was sufficiently poignant without that bitter knowledge which A lay hidden in his daughter's breast. So overwhelming was thifdesolation of his soul that the presence of hie dear child brought no comfort; that the presence of Madame Hartinaun, who came from Paris to console him, brought no comfort; thst seeing them day byday, with the consciousness that they were watching his misery with sympathetic eves, animated Only with the loving desire to find a way to mitigate it, was an added torture to him. " What can we do for you, dear Bernard t" said Madame Hartmann. "Leave me to myself," he replied. " Nothing will help me but solitude. I must be alone to wrestle with my grief." So it fell out—for their pleadings were ieless—that Valerie was once more banished from his home, and returned to Paris with her aunt. You are not angry with me, father ?" she Ksked him on the day of her departure. " Angry with you, my child ? No—no !" " You will send for me! You will let me come home again !" " When I am at peace, Valerie, when I suffer less, I will send for you." Ah, the pity in her fac«—the tender compassion with which she embraced the father •he loved and honoured ! Was it treachery that she should keep her secret close, the secret that brought hot blushes to her cheeks," hot tears to her eyes, in the solemn watches of the night ? No, it was the truest mercy. It lay in its grave at pcaco, but no grave so deep as to help her to forget. To the last hour of her life its memory would remain. For two years Bernard Maubray kept him' self secluded in Crow's Nest, admitting no friend or acquaintance with the single exception of Dr. Weber, and he came uninvited. Upon the first occasion, indeed, Dr. Weber forced himself upon his friend, alarmed by the reports which reached him of the state of Maubray's health. "It is useless to expostulate," said Sfae doctor; "I am here, and here I intend to remain. Fiien^s are scarce, and I do not intend to lose mine if ray poor skill can sava him. You are not over-pleased to see mo. Very good-—or rather, very bad. Neither am I over-pleased to see you in the state you are. My dear Manbray—my doar Maubray ! " The underlying affection in this little speech brought a faint responsive smile to Maubray's lips. ' "I am glad to see you, Weber," he said. " Forgive the coldness of my welcome." " I will forgive everything when I see the Maubray oi old before me. Not this Maubray that I see now—why. my dear friend, yon are like a ghost! Now let us be practical. What is the matter with you?" " I cannot sleep." " For how long has this been so?" " Many months." " I am going to examine you. No protests! I know my business, and you know yours. No denying that; and no denying either that to waste a talent—a God-given talent—is a heinous sin. How many pictures have yon painted this last year ?" "Not one." "Then you have long arrears to pull up. You shall paint my portrait, ,so that a fitting presentment of myself may go down to an ungrateful posterity." " I cannot do it." "You shall do it. It is the only favour I have ever asked of you, and I will not b« denied. I will give you the first sitting to-morrow. Remember, lam your physician. " I cannot put brush to canvas till I get some sleep." "I will ensure you sleep; the lonely life you are leading is sufficient to destroy your nerves and your brain. When did you hear from Valerie last ?" "Yesterday." "Is she well?" "She says so." " When did you write to her last?" " A fortnight ago." There was reproach in the glance Dr. Weber cast upon Maubray, and be felt it. Life was beginning to stir within him ; the friendly iinperiuusuess, the healthy boistcrousness of the doctor were telling upon the naturally healthy organisation of the artiBt. " It is not like you, Maubray, to neglect so sweet a girl as Valerie—your only child, who loves you devotedly." " Do I neglect her ?" "Would you ask that question a second time, Maubray?" " No. You are right iu much that you say, in much that you imply. But you see, I am worn out. The curse of sleeplessness unbalances me." Although Dr. Weber did not approve of opiates, he recognised the necessity of them in this case. But he found that ordinary remedies were powerless to produce the needful repose, and be was compelled to have recourse to a deadly drug of his own preparing, which had the desired effect. In a few days Maubray's eye was brighter, his skin was regaining its natural colour. The drug Dr. Welter administered was a dissolvable powder, and one of its virtues was that it was tasteless and colourless, and that it imparted no flavour to the liquid in which it was dissolved. Thus a person taking it unaware would not suspect, its presence, and this peculiarity rendered it dangerous. So greitt was the benefit Maubray derived from it that he insisted upon being supplied with several doses for use, if needed, at some future time when the doctor's personal services might not be available. ' Complying with this request, Dr. Weber was careful to explain t.ho danger that: lay in taking a larger dose 'ban he had prescribed. fio HE CONTM!RTL."L MC— 1 