Union City. Oun near neighbours, the good people of New South Wales, aro opening- their eyes, and even their mouths, to the very widest, on fully realising a fact to which wecalled attention many times over during the federal racket last year. -It relates to the site for the proposed capital of the union. Many persons have gone to the extent of suggesting what the name of tho holy city should he; hut doubts are being felt if we shall ever get so far as wanting a name for the new capital. The provisions of the federal constitution, on this subject, are like the compact whioh the clown made for deferring his execution until he had said his prayers. On his . side there was a mental reservation never to say them. The constitution provides that "the seat of Government of the Common- wealth shall be determined by theParliamont"; it further determines that, under conditions stated, it shall bo in New South Wales, dia- ,taut not less than one huudred miles from Sydney. Also, it provides that " the Parlia ment shall sit at Melbourne until it meets at. the seat of Government." Here is a set of conditiousgood enough to provoke an intermin able dispute about tho projected maiden city. It is for Now South Wales to offer a list of sites, but the Federal Parliament may reject them all. New South Wales may then offer another list, to suffer. the like fate. , There is no provision in the constitution for terminat ing such a dispute, such a delay; A year ago we were told that we must rely upon the federal spirit ; but as we leave theories behind us and come into the region of practical things, the federal spirit appears to vanish, as ghosts always do when approached,. A correspondent, testily writing in a Sydney newspaper says that the High Court of Judicature might terminate such an unseemly strife on the ground that a reason able time hud elapsed ; but, unfortunately for the argument, the constitution par ticularly deals in positive,' not in hypo thetical, terms when speaking of this subject. Concerning some subjects it is specially provided that time shall be given for dealing with them ; aud this implies that a reasonable time having been given a determination must he reached. No such provision could he made for settling a question of such magnitude as that of building the chief city of the uuion. Our neighbours clearly see, they deeply feel, that "nothiug would suit Victoria better > than to have such a deadlock brought about and raain- > tained until the end of time." As if awaking from a bad dream they say, 4 for while the dispute went ou about the capital 4 in posse,' the capital 4 in esse ' would be Melbourne, whioh city might,, under the circumstances he expeoted stauohly to uphold the right of New South Wales to blook its removal to any other site until the one approved of was adopted." The writer of the above is so exoited that actually he does not say whut he means ; for his meaning is that Mel bourne would do her best and her worst to incite strife amougst the various parties in New South Wales in order to delay settle ment. We do not say that 'Melbourne would do that ; because such an observation from us might savour of prejudice. But our neighbours say that 44 already . Melbourne lias shown a desire to go hack on the compaot concerning the chief city," and that, therefore, no doubt, she will set to gether by the ears the parties who are in favour of the various proposed sites. Tho tusk will he as easy as pleasant. It would bo possible to show that Bombala is out of liue ; that Orauge is on a hill ; that Yass is in a hole ; that Blayney is the most unpootio of towns iu New South Wales ; that, in faot, there is no plaoe within the borders of New South Wales whereat 100 square miles of land suitable for a federal oity could be obtained unless it is Albury ; and to have the capital there would ho equivalent to having it in Victoria ; it would be nearly the same as having it in Melbourne itself. In their pain they almost bellow ; but, alas 1 hollowing will not bring relief. 