IP IKS- ?^Mr. W. H. Gladstone was president of1 ' Pop.'— the Eton Debating Society— and,! jwcoirdingto one of his schoolmates— who : could hardly have realised the pun he 'was perpetrating — -was very popular ini that capacity! Me -was a splendid speaker, a brilliant fives player, and a very useful cricketer — in fact, he was really a good ?alt'rbund man. 'the Prince of Wales. occasionally played cricket at Cambridge when lie was there, Tvn+1 atiItt -fVyrmnl rn in, firWi Via ftvftr toolc part in was between 1 Zingari and the Gentlemen of Norfolk, at Sandringhain. The Prince went in first — and went out first, for cricket ballB have not the least respect for royalty, and ho was bowled first ball. However, he was on the win ning side, the Zingari. Lord Jersey was a 3plendid runner when he was a boy, and won the mile at Eton ia 1862. He was a good football playfer, but was delicate, and once at the College was so ill that his life was despaired of. -The Earl of Dudley must be one of the wealthiest' noblemen in the kingdom. He owns about 26,000 acres, and his rent-roll is estimated at .£123,000. But this by no means represents the real wealth of the Wards, for the Earl is a great mine owner and' ironmaster in the Midlands. Lord Dudley , has estates in Worcestershire; Staffordshire, Merionethshire, and Rox ?burgshire. The Queen of the Netherlands has a d'6'cided f ondneBS for 'pretty clothes. A la'rge assortment of dress goods was sent to the palace the other day, and her mother proceeded to choose for the Queen some 'alpaca and plain material ; but Queen Wilhelmina flatly refused to abide by the selection, and chose figured silks and brilliant dress materials, even for -morning wear. She said that her loving parent' might make use of the plain stuffs il'i&e; liked them, but she wanted soine tiuiig prettier. Nothing better illustrates the. strength -of the German Emperor's will than his persistent and successful pursuit of sport in,, spite of physical disqualification. Although his right arm is useless for shooting purposes, he shoots with such, industry and success that he has person ally accounted, i'or nearly 30,000 head of game. His method of shooting is novel and ingenious. When the quarry is -sighted, his attendant plants a wooden forked support in the ground ; the Em peror rests his gun on this and fires with his left hand, without appearing even to take proper aim. Each day's Bcore is cut with a knife on the wooden support. 'Sir. Charles Neufeld, 'who for 'twelve' years was a prisoner of the Khalifa at Ojndurman, had some very terrible ex periences. 'One little amusement his ?captors indulged in was to blow their two great war-horns, made from elephants' tusks,, .right against his ears, nearly driving m&d.; Then lie was led out to be hanged; but he was reprieved at the last minute, and thrust into a prison so densely packed that armfuls of lighted grass had to be flung in by the gaolers, in ?order . to make the .unhappy prisoners squeeze still more tightly together. Dr. Newman Hall says that when he was a very small boy his favourite book was the 'Pilgrim's Progress Piggy Pogey,' as he then callied it. At nine he started to smoke, and at the saine age left ?off ^smoking for good, because of the un pleasant effects which dried cane cut into cigarettes had upon his 'internal economy.' At ''ten he was sent to school, and was immediately forced by his new friends to help, a small boy fight a bigger one, with the result that Hall had liis jawbone put slightly out of place, and felt the effects for maiiy years afterwards. Dr. Hall must have had a good deal of pluck when he was a youth. He finished up his college life with a knapsack tour in the Highlands with a friei d. He naturally read up Sir Walter Scott before going, and found in 'Marmion' that Michael Scott, the magician, was buried in the chancel of Melrose Abbey under a big stone, and that at one o'clock every morn ing he was supposed to rise from his grave, and prowl about. Hall's friend d'd not care about ghost-hunting, and stayed in bed; but Newman Hall went to the j ?old Abbey one night, locked himself in, and sat on the stone in the chancel, with a club in his hand, waiting for the appear ance of the magician. Perhaps the latter was frightened of the club ; at all events, he did not appear. Readers of Dr. George MacDonald's books will readily believe that he took an ?early interest in temperance questions. The power with which he describes the ?evils of intemperance in 'The Piddling Soutar's Last Tune,' ' Sir Gibbie,' etc., ?show that he has thought long and to purpose on these matters. How true this is may be gathered from the fact that, when in his last years at school, before leaving his native vill.-ige at the age of fourteen to attends Aberdeen University, MacDonald was a pronounced advocate of temperance, and used to hold forth among his schoolmates at meetings which were 0riginated and carried on mainly through jjiB influence with hiB class-fellows. 