BILL BTEBSnre 0B08T RACnt- "u ' "I'll bet yon £5 yoU: won't go out to that haunted house and stay all night- alone."- The speaker -was: Judge Ed. Bower, who for years was the County Judge of Dallas county, Tex. - . His re mark was addressed to Colonel Wil- liam Green Hterett, better known as plain " Bill " Sterctt, who for ten years was a well-known correspondent ' at Washington, and is now a plctur- ' esque personality of wide reputation. The banter was. made to " Bill ' away back in the winter of 1886, before he went", to Washington; A party of coiif ylviai friends sat around a comfortable fire In a restaurant in Dallas, Tex., dis cussing politics, spinning yarns, -sipping from the cup tlint cheers, .and incident ally keeping out of tlie storm that was raging outside. - The storm was what Is knowu iu Texas as a "-wet nortlier," and a "wet norther" is to Texas ami -the ! South west what a blizzard is to tlie Da- kotas and the North-west, says a. writer iu a Washington paper. While n bliz zard kills people, a " wet norther" only makes them wish they , were dead. _ A " uorther" of the SoutlGwest is simply the tuil-eud of a blizzard, whether the "norther" is wet or dry. A dry norther is bad. but a wet uorther is something awful. It blows aiid driz zles and freezes. A man caught out in one of tliom oil a bald prairie, with light clothing on, and iio stimulants "to speak, of." is in for the roughest ex- jierience of his life.- The- nortlier of this" night was fully, up to -the sample, and it caused tin: friends in the" restaurant, to tarty longer than usual. The conversation finally turned to ghosts, spooks, haunt ed houses, and uncanny things. Judge Bower told a story of a haunted lionsc about a mile from the city limits. He said the ghosts that irffested that house were known to assume many different shapes and to appear at any and all times, and that no one bad ever been able to stay at the bouse all night, much less live in it, and, consequently, it bad beeu tenuutlCss for more than n year. "Bill" Sterett announced his utter disbelief in anything of the; nature of ghosts, and denounced Judge Bower's story as superstitious '-'rot." It was then the judge made the banter in the opening, sentence of this story. Bill took his wager at once, and his friends set to . work to help him pre pare to win the money. Bill wrote his wife n npte saying that he bad been sent to Fort Worth on an assignment, bought a quart of good whisky, borrowed a six- shooter, and "hiked" out for the haunted house. It was a terrible night, and Bill had not gone two blocks from the comfortable restaurant before he regretted making the bet, not because he was afraid of ghosts, but on account of the weather. The fine raiu bit his face and stung like yellow-jaekois. The pavements were slippery, aud outside of a radius of teu feet from au electric light, which looked this night like tlie spirit photo graph of a pumpkin, it was as dark as the inside of a tunnel at night. At the city limits Bill lilt the '" black waxy" mud. A man who has never tried to walk in the " black waxy " mud of Central Texas doesn't, know what hu man locomotion under difficulties is. It is to human pedal extremities what sticky fly paper is to the feet of the fly. Bill persevered, however, and finally reached the haunted house blowing like a. porpoise. lie pushed open the rickety old door, lit a piece of caudle, with which lie had provided himself, stuck it on the mantle in some of Its | own greaso, and proceeded to take an inventory of liis surroundings. There ' was nothing in the room except an empty cracker box. There were a few dry chunks of half-burnt, wood in the fireplace, and, kicking an end out of the box and whittling a few slivers from it. Bill: started a chunk fire. He took a long pull from his quart bottle, sat down in front of the lire on the cracker box, aud soon began to feel quite' comfortable; Iu a few minutes Bill heard au un earthly noise at one of tlie windows. He pulled his six-sliooter, raised tlie window, threw open tlie shutter, hut found nothing hut dampness and dark ness. He again " hit " the bottle and resumed his seat witli the exclamation that "it was uotliing but the wind." Iu less thau two minutes tlie same souud occurred at auother window. Tt took Bill a little louger to reach that window thau it had the other, though it was io further from liim. He found nothing. lie resumed his scat aud took another drink. He was beginuing to feel a little queer and to wish he had not left the comfortable restaurant. In a very few minutes tlie same lialr- raisiug noise seemed to come from the door. Thai, door was oul.v fifteen feet from him, but it look Bill almost fifteen minutes to reach it and sum mon the courage to open it. ' He threw it wide open aud then jumped back six feet with his six-sliuoter cocked and ready for instant use. In through the door ran a little kit ten, thin and poor, wet aud bedraggled. It did uot stop uu,til- it reached the lire, and then curled .up on the warm hearth. Bill said that never before was lie so glad to see a living, breath ing (liing as he was that little kit ten. He petted it aud talked to It as though it were human. Then, feeling that he had company, lie took two drinks. Tlie warmth of the fire and the whisky made him so comfortable that lie soon fell into a. doze. The same noise that had before startled him eamc (his time almost from his feel. He jumped up frozeu with fear." Not three feet from him stood this kit ten. grown to the size-of a young calf, with eyes- as large as saucers. Un naturally visible and shining iu the middle of each was an incandescent electric light. As Bill's hat began to slowly rise this thing said, as plainly and distinctly as a man could say it— " There isn't anyone here but - you" and m-e-e-e." " That's so," snid Bill, as lie made a dive for the door, " and in about a second there won't, be , anybody bere but j-ou." Bill leaped teu feet from that door aud made running motion before he hit the ground. That ".black, waxy " mud rvas no impediment to his speed. He made as good -time on it as- ho M'otild have done on a cinder path. Bjll's pudgy .little stoma'clV.rs, tuck out until it resembled a.little'boy toting a big dram ! at a muster. He kept upjthe gait for abont half a- mile, when ffom sheer ex haustion he was-compelled to sit- down on a- stamp and get his, wind. He-bad .- been Bitting there, tbe worst/ scared ; man in -Dallas- county,, for . about ono-l minute,- wben a slight. tap. on his shoul- i der caused him to jump three,, feet in _ the air. There was the . horrible . oh- J ject again. It stared-at liim, and then said— - J .."That was a nice race we -had:" . J " Yes," "said Bill; with a hoir.id,- as. he again hit the black waxy, ' and .we are going, to have another." - I This time Bill held out until he fell | exhausted in his own dooryard.. He hid j oht . from his friends for a, week, and J to this. day Bill Sterett will shy at a ghost story like a moon-eyed horse at a stamp. Two commercial travellers comparing notes : " I have been out three weeks," said the first, " and have only got four orders,". . " That beats me," said the other. "I have been out four weeks and have only got one order, and that's from toe flnm to come home." A girl may lie twenty or sixty years old; Her purse may he empty, or bursting with gold ; Her eyes may be black, brown, green, grey, or blue ; But so long as she's gentle, home-loving, and true, . She'll be most; attractive— I think so; don't you .? 