COMPLETE STORY N PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL AS2AXGE2CEXT. HOW LARA DIED, CLARA MULHOLLAHD. [cMTBiairr.] E HE party was I breaking up; 1 tbe crowd was Jk fast dispersing. And although the sweet strains of the "Blue Danube** were still floating through the rooms, the .dancers werfc few, and the couples who had energy left for waltz or polka were revelling ' in. the delightful par ouet, • over .which x~ they could now glide swiftly and lightly, without colliding with their neighbours. - » This is decidedly the time to dance/* said a tall, slight man, with dark eyes and hair turning a little gray about thft temples. " Don't you agree, Alma?" "Yes. It is perfectly delightful," re plied his partner, a pretty, fair girl, in a' simple frock of white chiffon. "But we must stop now. I am sure mother is worn out." One more turn," he pleaded. "Just one r - "Very well," laughing, "but-you are really insatiable to-night." "I plead guilty.. With you for my part ner, I could go on for ever." "I am afraid I could not, even with you. So stop now. I'm breathless." "I'm sorry for that,"; coming to- a stand still. "I feel as though," drawing her arm within his own," the night were only beginning." "It has passed very quickly," with i soft .sigh. "All too quickly." "My darling," he whispered, as they found themselves in a quiet gallery beyond .the ballroom, "You do love me?'* "Yes." She trembled, and drawing her self away from his encircling arm, leant against the wall. " You know I do. Bub hush I Here comes my mother." He bowed and turned to greet an elderly lady in rich velvet and. lace, and wearing a necklace of magnificent diamonds, who came hurrying towards them. "At last!" she cried, pettishly. "Really, Alma, you might be a little more thought ful I am weary to death. It is absurd to stay to such an hour. ; Mr. Gunning/' with a cold and haughty glance, "will you r oblige me by asking for my carriage:" " With pleasure," he answered, sur prised at her manner. And offering his arm he led her downstairs to the cloak room. "I am more annoyed than I can say. Alma," said Mrs. Malcolm', as she and her daughter drove home through the silent streets. " It- is wrong to make . yourself remarkable in the . way. you do with that man. You can never marry him. So I beg you will dance less with him. Keep him at a distance." Alma crimsoned over throat and brow. "I -mean to marry him," she said, finuly.: "He is poor, but " " If• it were only a question of fortune hunting- " "Mother, pray—I love Charles. Don't "Love him!*' Mrs. Malcolm twitched her skirts, and bit her lip. "I trust not. He is not worthy of you. He makes love, but cannot marry. Confess now. Has ne asked-you to be his wife?" " No. But—;—" "Listen, Alma. I must warn you—tell yon what I have heard. There "are strange rumours going about this man. He comes from no ono knows exactly where, and some say—it is an awful tiling to think of, seeing how he. behoves—but they say he has a wife already." Alma uttered- a cry of horror, and the colour forsook-her.cheeks. " Oh! mother I How can yon repeat such a calumny? Charles was married, but his wife .died years ago." - * "Ask him where—how—when. I don't like the man, arid don't trust him." "Mother, you wrong him." ."For yoar sake, I hope so. But till I' am convinced that his wife, is dead, till he proves it beyond, a doubt, I Verbid you to dance with Him, or speak to him when yon meetl" " Bnt^T must tell him why—explain. He comes tp see me to-morrow, to ." A sob' choked her utterance. Then ask him straightforwardly. Tell him—or shall I?" "No, no. I'll sec him andthen send for you." ' " Very well. And remember,'/' dear, X do' this for your good. Better suffer a little now' than—more hereafter. This matter must be settled once and for all." "Yes,, mother, Charles'will do that to morrow;"-And holding her head very high4 'Alma stepped out of the carriage, and bid ding-her mother "Good-night," went up stairs to her room. Bat next morning Charles Gunning did sot appear as he had promised; and Alma spent a miserable day. In the evening came a telegram saying that he had been ! unexpectedly called out of town on busi ness, which. would probably detain him for some time. A week passed, and no thing more was heard. He neither came nor wrote. . "He must be back for the Montrevor's ball," Alma told herself. "I am sure he .would not. miss that.". And she tried to look careless and indifferent, though her heart was breaking. To the Montrevor ball, Alma went with an aunt aud two youug cousins, her motlitr being somewhat indisposed. This, the gir* felt, was the best thing that could hare .happened. She would be freer to talk the matter out with Charles Gunning, if Airs. •Malcolm were absent, and might count upon staying longer at the dance, as Hettv and Kate invariably danced on to the last, and their mother never bade them go, till they were quite willing to do so. .But alas! poor Alma's disappointment was bitter. Her lever was not at the ball, and she had great difficulty in restraining her tears, when after hours of watching and waiting, she told hereelf he would not some; that something- extraordhiaty must have happened to keep him away from this dance, at which he.knew he would surelv meet her. "I'll ask Auntie to take me home," she cried, wringing her hands. 44 I cannot talk and dance whilst I am so miserably un happy. And yet—he might come late." Afraid to go, lest she should miss him, and feeling it impossible to exert herself in any way, Alma took refuge in a little alcove, screened from the ballroom by a heavy curtain. Here she sat for some time unnoticed, her/ heart sinking lower every . {moment, as tho hours passed and ihe pos sibility of her seeing Charles Gunning that night became more and more remote. •JChea just as she had made up her '/joind that it was useless to 'Hain any longer, he entered the rooms asking anxiously over the surging crowd. \--Alma's heart gave a great bound, and springing to her feet, she stepped forth from her hiding-place. In a moment he eaw her, and hurried to her side. /I was afraid you had gone." He caught her hand. 441 am late. And you look pale, 'Alma—distressed." "Do I? Oh! lake me out of this," she cried. And without a word he led her out of the room, and to a broad, and she * rejoiced to see, deserted balcony. She sank /flown upon a low seat, and motioned him to a "chair beside lier. 44 Alma," he said in n voice fall of emo tion, "You are troubled? You Jiave heard—" "But it is" not true? You will explain deny—all. I know you will." He sighed, and his eyes rested upon her for an instant, then, wandered silently up wards. It was almost day. Little streaks of red and gold were already visible in the summer sky. The street below, with its string of waiting carriages, the tall, high houses opposite, looked weird and dreary in the dawn,.whilst the girl in her white evening dress, a spray of somewhat faded flowers upon her breast, and fair hair ruffled, her sweet face full of sadness and distress, appeared to have grown suddenly worn and haggard, when seen by the early morning light. But the man at her side saw no change in her. The. freshness of her dress, the neatness of her hair, mattered nothing to him. Ho loved her. And as he gazed into her pure, true eyes, the wasted years of his past life rose up black and hateful before him, and with all bis soul he wished that he could wipe them out and become worthy of the love and admiration of this trusting child. • But, alas! he could not claim her now. fAu unexpected blow had fallen upon him. .'His sins pursued him. His folly had found him out. And he must, just as he , caw the gates of a paradise on earth open ing before him, pay the price of his mis spent youth. "Alma," he said, gently touching the little hand that lay cold and inert upon "the girl's lap, " I have never deceived you -—willingly. I have told you everything. Told you that I was poor—that I had gambled away my patrimony " 44 Yes, yes." She flushed and grew pale again. 44 But that matters little. I have a good fortune, you are working well, get \- ting on at the Bar. But—you told me your wife was dead. And now they say that she is—living." . "They say true." He was white as Heath. "But till ten days ago I was certain she was dead. You believe this, Alma?" i She shivered, and covered her face with fcer hands. "Yes," she moaned. "I-do believe you. .'But what does it all mean? 'Did you not . see her dead?" : • "No. We had not met for years, and whether she was living "or dead did not trouble me. I would not care now— only," he lowered his , voice to a whisper, " for my love' for you. But till ten days *go I never questioned the matter. I be lieved her dead," "Why!" The girl's lips were quivering, her eyeVfuU'of teats. "What were your reasons for thinking so?" v "A friend, who had known her well— hlaurice Palmer—wrote and told roe of her death. He-bad paid for her burial." Alma drew a long, deep breath. " How was she supposed to have died?" "Through an accident. She was, as I| have told you, a girl of low family, but I very beautiful. Her fatal beauty ruined, roe, and she lured roe on to marry her. 1 Cut by friends and relations, we could not live in England, and I took her abroad. -• Soon,.ala« I I discovered the mis take I had made. We were miserably unhappy, and before long grew to hate each other. To drown our feelings, and make life bearable, we took to gambling. For a time she won, but I lost—always heavily—and when everything was gone I fled home and buried myself and my misery at Cotswold—a little place in Cornwall ; left mo by my mother. She retused to 1 come, and remained at Monte Carlo. "Years passed on". She never wrote, and I knew not where she was, or what she did. Then, an old frieud wrote, telling me she was dead. She had, he said, ruined herself at ^the tables and fallen ill of fever in a little place some miles from Monte Carlo. Here she was tenderly cared for and nursed back to life by an angel of a niece, and when well" enough set out' once more for the gambling-rooms, to stake her 'last louis and win back her fortune. That night, a woman fell between the tram and the platform at X and was picked up crushed and mutilated, .dead. From various things in her i>ossession Palmer believed her to be my unfortunate wife, and as such he had her buried. "His account of her death satisfied me. I made no inquiries, asked no questions. I refunded Palmer and dismissed the mat ter from my mind." - I felt no sorrow, and did not pretend to any. For some tune I lived on, lonely and wretched, at Cols wo'.d, and then my idle life began to pall, and I came to London to work. I soon grew less miserable. Things looked brighter. I got on at the Bar, and made friends. And when I. met you, my happi ness seemed complete—for my heart was full o! hope. On that night when we danced together so late at the Kendall's I was about to ask you the all-important question when vonr mother interrupted and carried you off. Then the blow fell. Happiness, peace, joy, were scattered." He shuddered. "Oh! the horror of it!" "How did it happen?" came from Alma's while and trembling lips. "Who told "An old man, whom I had hardly seen six times since my unhappy marriage, but who had been more intimate with my wife. He accosted me in a friendly wky, and hoped Sirs. Gunning was well.' I told him she was dead many years. He stared j then said he had seen her, looking in the best of health and very handsome, in the street but a few days before. I assured him that he was mistaken. Such a thing was impossible. But he insisted that he could not have been deceived, and, turn ing to a young man. who came up at that moment, said: "James, did I not point out Mrs. Charles Gunning to you in the street the other day?' "' Yes, and I recognised her at once. She is very beautifuL Though people say Mr. Gunning dees not seem to think so.' "' Good heavens !' I cried. I could have struck the fellow for his insolence. \What people say these things? Who knows this woman, supposed to be my dead wifeV " James Masters looked at me, as though he thought I were going mad. "'I don't know anyone who actually, knows her,' he answered, 'that is to visit or speak to, but roost people seem aware that thero is such a person, and there are a good many who think you ought to bring her about with you sometimes, and not allow girls to fancy-—9 "'Stop!' I cried, white with passion. 'I will not be insulted. Where is this woman you say is my wife?' " He looked at me with a curious, puzzled, incredulous expression, and shrugged his shoulders. "'Ton my soul, I don't know, and if you don't it's hard to say who does.* "'I tell you she doesn't exist. She died at Monte Carlo four years ago.' "'Then her ghost is walking about Lon don. I'm awfully sorry, old chap, if I have offended you, but after all it's better you should know the truth. People are saying your wife is alive, and many other ugly things. You saw how hlrs. Malcolm carried off her daughter Alma just now? Well, she had only then heard the story. If—but I'll say. no more. Good night!' and he hurried .away. " I felt stunned—bewildered—terrified. All sorts of strange ideas and mad pro jects floated through my brain, as I dragged myself wearily home to my - rooms that night. I remembered your mother's cold ness and look of proud contempt as I handed her into her carriage—remembered the story she would tell you—thought of your horror and suffering—thought of your love and the happiness that had seemed so near for us bothy and .vowed that till I could prove beyond a doubt that my wife was', as I believed her, dead I would never speak to or look into your dear face again. /'.The task was a difficult one I had no thing to go uponr no idea how to 'nd this woman whom people had seen and imagined to be my wife. In my extremity, I hurried into the country to Maurice Palmer. -But he could give me little help In fact, he did but increase my misery. It was quite possible, he admitted, that there had been a mistake; he bad thought so often lately, but had not dared to sug gest such a thing to me. The woman killed near Monte Carlo might not have been'my .wife. The face had been-.so hor ribly 'disfigured and mutilated that ibso lute recognition was out of the question. '"At"the time there had been no doubt about it. Lara had disappeared that- day, leaving her things at the hotel, and when this person, about her height and figure, wearing a dress he thought he knew, and a brooch he cerlainly did know, was found dead, he believed her to be my wife, and bad her buried under her name. Lara, never returned to the hotel, never sent! for her clothes,* which were sold to pay her bill, and neither he nor anyone about the place imagined that any-mistake had been made." He paused, and wiped the perspiration from his brow. "And why—oh, why—has Mr. Palmer begun to think that there was a mistake?*' moaned Alma. "Living in the country, what has he seen—what has he heard?" "His suspicions were first aroused by a photograph seen at the house of a friend. It was a group of actors and actresses, done by an amateur. The likenesses were' not good—did not do justice to any of them, he was told—but as he looked at one beautiful face he was filled with terror. It bore a most extraordinary resemblance | to my wife. But convinced that she was dead, reassured by his lady friend's re peated declaration that the photograph was not a good one, not really like the people there represented, he laughed at his sudden fear, and tned to forget it. "But the idea haunted him. And he frequently thought of writing to tell me of his doubts, bnt shrank from doing so, and put it off, thinking he would tell me of them when we met. But we did not meet, and I went my way in total ignor ance, without the faintest suspicion of the awful sword that hung over my'head. But the blow has fallen. I know the worst now. The woman we believed dead lives. My life, my hopes, are ruined!" "Are—you—sure?" "Alas! only too sure. I have seen her —spoken to her." Alma started; and raised her eyes full of anguish to.hiS' face. "" "Oh, God! Where?" "At a.little theatre in the East End— this very night. That is why I-was iate coming here; that is why I now see— speak to you for the last time." He paused for a moment, overcome with emotion. Then, steadying his voice witli an effort. :he continued: "At the Variety Theatre, Palmer told me, this Mme: De Lara was acting, and he advised me to go there and see for my self. I went—and soon knew all. Under the name of De Lara she acts, bat gives out openly that she is my wife—has done so for some time. And so, although 1 was the last to hear it, she has been, ruin ing my reputation, making me appear a lying, black-hearted villain. Oh, heavens!" he clenched his fist, and the veins stood out, throbbing upon his forehead, " I longed to smite her to the ground, as she stood before me like a beautiful devil, mocking and laughing, boasting of the easy way in which we had been deceived by the dead woman's likeness to herself, and the inconvenience and worry she had escaped by her supposed death. "'It was all arranged for me in a mar vellous manner,' she said, twisting a mag nificent diamond ring round her finger. * I was up to my eyes in debt, and I knew not how to get money. Every penny was gone. In the town where I was stay ing was a young woman with whom I had made friends. To her I sold a dress, a brooch, and some half-dozen handkerchiefs. With this money I went to the gaming tables and wen. Delighted, I played on, and missed the last train to X . The next day I saw that I was supposed to have been killed, and that Mr. Maurice Palmer had kindly undertaken to bury me. Soit I was well off . now. I would keep my money and remain dead. I came back to London and met an old friend, the manager of the "Variety." Encouraged oy iiim, I went on the stage. I have suc ceeded beyond all my expectations, and here I am, doing all the leading parts, and making quite a fortune.' "'You might have let me know, and spared my name,' I said. " She shrugged her shoulders contemptu ously, and laughed. "'The name was and is useful. It gives me a certain standing. You are getting on in your profession and in society. As to letting you know, that was not my business. I am well known, much ad mired, and always here to be seen.' "'In this out of the way place—who sees yon?' . "'It is not so-far removed from civilisa tion as you • suppose,' she answered com placently. * ' And our little theatre is the fashion just now. It is not for me to say. who or' what attracts them, but we have many Earls—ay, and Dukes—« our stalls from time to time. So when 2 saw you there to-night I was not surprised. " My/fame lias reached hini at last/' 1 thought.* •" Fame,' I cried, and my fury choked me so that I could say no more. "4. Yes—fame. Little as you think of it ■^■or care. I am famons. I. am envied. I hare many friends, many'admirers. But,' her eyes flashed, as thoughxshe gloried iu the thought, * I have enemies, too. The more successful I ani, the more jealous and disagreeable they become/ "4Take care,' I said, 'jealousy has driven men to crime before now.' "She looked at me. curiously. Then a sudden expression of terror flashed into her eyes. "'I am not afraid of the jealous ones. But there is one man I am in deadly dread of. You remember Weston, my brother:* Xo. I never saw him. He was in America when ' 44 4 You and I were young. Of course. And I wish he had stayed there. But to my grief he has leturned and has found me out. He is wild and strange—and pes ters rae for money—which I cannot—will uot give. Then he threatens me, and 1 go in terror of ray life.'" "Poor thing!" murmured Alma. "She is not very happy, then." . " 'Tis hard to say. Her moods vary. In a moment she changed and seemed to forget her fears, as she told mc that she was scon leaving the Variety and coming up to the West End to act at the Wofling ton. ' . ' . * . ' 44 41 expect to have a great triumph there,' she cried gaily, * and hope to see you often in the stalls. Till then, "au revoir." thai signal that I am wanted.' And, aak iug ine a low, mocking bow, which 1 did not return, she hurried away." He leant heavily against the rail of the balcony and looked at Alma as though ex-1 peering her to speak. But she remained I silent, her eyes downcast, her sweet face| full of deep, unutterable woe. Gunning drew his hand across his brow, and a sob escaped him. "I dashed out of the theatre," he con-, tinned after a time, 44 into the' night, care-1 less of where I went or what I did—des-' pairing. Then I thought of you, of-your j goodness, your purity, your love. And I vowed to do nothing unworthy, nothing that would make you blush or feel ashamed! that you had known me. 'In all the j world,' I said, 4 what is there to equal; the love of a. good woman? It surpasses! everything. I have injured Alma—made her suffer. But fbe will forgive. I will place my future life aild actions in aer hands. What she bids me do I will do." He went back- to her side and looked sadly down upon the i>retty bowed bead. "Have I hoped too much, Alma? Have "Oh! No, no." She caught his hand and held it for a moment between tier trembling palms. " You are not to blame," she said, white to the lips. "There is no thing to forgive. This blow, which has fallen upon us was as unexpected by you as by ine. God bless you and keep you. Whilst your wife lives, our lives must be divided. But let ine hear good of you— always. Work h3rd at your profession— that will save you—and keep a brave heart. And now, good-bye. I see my aunt cm ing to look for me. Good-bye I".' •She dropped his hand and went quickly along the balcony. Meeting her aunt at one of the windows, she took her arm and drew her back into the house. In'a few moments the call for Mrs. Dar mcr's carriage rang up the street,\ and *ery soon Gunning saw Alma, as white as the swarisdown round her throat, follow ner aunt and cousins down the hall doorsteps and enter the landau. "So vanishes hope and joy and love from my life and hers," he moaned as the carriage disappeared. " But how brave the child is! How brave and true! God help her." And he left the house and went sadly home through the deserted streets. Two years passed, and Charles Gunning and Alma Malcolm did not meet again. He followed her advice to the letter, and threw himself heart and soul into his work. The Malcolms, he knew, spent most of their time abroad, coming but seldom to Lon don. Alma's health was not what it had been, and very little tired her. She did not complain, was sweet and gentle to all around her, but her spirits drooped. From the night of the MontreyorV ball she was a changed being. She was silent and sub dued, and in spite of care of every kind, mc grew pale and thin. She shrank from amusement, and became weary and deject ed in any place of entertainment. "She is not fit for society," the doctor said. "Take her abroad, and give her plenty of change of air and scene. But do not allow her to exert herself unduly." Her mother sighed heavily. A roving j life was not what she cared for. But her j daughter's health and happiness were a matter of vital importance to her, and so £he followed the doctor's advice with loving and unselfish exactitude. Meanwhile, all London was ringing with the name of the great actress, Mme. De Lara. She had left the Variety for the Woflmgton, and .was playing Cleopatra, Ophelia, and Lady Macbeth before crowd ed and enthusiastic houses.' She. was all the fashion; the rage of the .moment. Everyone talked about her; everyone went to see her. She was- well-known to De Charles Gunning's wife, and many and fre quent were the congratulations he received upon her marvellous, unprecedented sue-.**; cess. Gunning thanked those who spoke soS warmly, but their praise of/Lara, her -, Jj.rauty and her acting,- gave him no plea sure, and he longed to fly to some distant.:! land, , where he should never see her iacc,:; or hear her name again. • But Alma's wish that, he should work '' hard at his profession kept him in Loudon, and although he never went ' anywnere /' where he was likely to meet the beaumul. -; actress, he found it impossible to escape from or forget her. Her photograph was v in every window, her name in every paper, and'in every mouth. On all sides the.* thought of her haunted and pursued him. v That Lara was anxious to'forget -„nd. avoid h:m he never doubted for a moment, and it was, therefore, with feelings.ol sur-,. prise and astonishment that he one nay received a note from her, begging him to . come and see her at the theatre that night. "X am in grave difficulties/' she wrote, " and want your advice. You are a .aw ycr, and my husband, and, in spite of everything, I feel that I cau trust you. " Wants money," he said, shrugging ms • : shoulders and crushing the scented noto - b.'tween his fingers. "The biggest fortune in Europe wouldn't keep Lara out of debt. •/ Well, it's little I can do for her. Still, I cant refuse to go and see what is wrong.' . Gunning reached the theatre, about seven, " but was told that itme. He Lara never arrived before eight o'clock, as she did not. go on the stage till a quarter to nine. • • "She will come earlier to-night, to talk ; over her affairs," he decided, and stationed - himself at the little side door, by which* • he was told the'actors and actresses rn- • tered the theatre. ' * Quite a crowd soon gathered in the nar row street, and pressed up to the entrance, v all eager to get a good place from which to see the reigning favourite as she stepped v - out of her carriage. One dark-looiung man,-his hands hidden in the folds i if a long, b!uck cloak, which he wore draped "j about his shoulders, kept well, to the front, and glared fiercely at anyone who pushed or jostled him. - S "A vindictive-looking ruffian," thought' Gunning, attracted by the znau'a appear- • ^ ance, his sallow face, and strange, wild eyes. "He looks mad enough for any thine 1" % At that moment the well-known carriage £ dashed up, and there was a rush for tne -ri door. As the beautiful Lara stepped forth, the diamonds in her hair and at her throat. sparkling and scintillating, her long silken - y train over her arm, she caught sight- of Gunning, and greeted him with a radiant smile. • ■ • "How more than good of you——" she began, advancing towards him, then «id- - denly paused, aU white and trembling, as * the man in the black cloak barred her pas-- •. sage. • " Will you consent?" he asked in .'a husky _ whisper. "Give me what I ask?" . vj "No, Weston. No!" He raised his arm, a wild cry escaped / her lips. "I'm stabbed. - Oh, God!" - ' v. She staggered forward, reeled round, and ; then sank to the ground, bleeding and un- V conscious. _ ' ' '] The assassin made no attempt to escape, _ and stood gazing at his victim with dilated ; eyes. - Then, as people near caught hold of - him, he raised his dagger once more, and, - -- plunging it deep into his heart, fell like a stone by her side, and died without a struggle. - ' Very gently Gunning raised Lara in his arms and carried her into the theatre. As - he laid her upon a low couch she opened her eyes. . ■ . "He threatened—often—"'she murmured. "My unhappy brother. Ho has; done—it —at last. Forgive me, Charles, forgive -J me. Madness was in my blood. I—could - /; not always help—myself." < • " • . He pressed her hapd in speechless emo tion. Sho smiled. A leaden, death-like gray overspread her countenance, and ':er • breath came in quick, short gasps. Then, -v. with a long-drawn sigh, her head fell for- • ■* ward on her breast, and all was over. > Lara was dead* . ^ Some six months later, surronnded by a select party of her nearest and dearest' < friends, Alma Malcolm, looking very lovely and radiantly happy, was married to Charles Gunning in the English Church in ^ Paris. 