THE EXPIATION" HYACINTH VAUGHAN, CHIAPTER XXVII. ' There is one thing we are quite forget ing,' said Dr. Chalmers, 'although we call ourselves such clever people.' He pointed as he spoke to the little rings of golden hair, soft, fine as silk, light as gold in color, like the small tendrils of a vine in shape. She raised her beautiful blushing face to his. 'You did it,' she said, half reproachfully. 'I look just like a boy. What shall Idol' The doctor touched one of the soft golden rings with his finger. This is anything but the conventional governess style; Milli cent should have plain, Madonna-like braids of a dull gray tint-should she not Motheri' ' Ido not like your plan at all, Robert.' said Mrs. Chalmers, looking at her sweet, sad face. 'I do not see why Millicent cannot be happy with us, nor why she can not recover her strength here. I suppose you know best. One thing is certain; she cannot leave us thus. Should you like, my dear, to wear hair that was not your own 1' SNo, I should not like it at all,' she re plied, her face flushing. The doctor laughed aloud. 'You will never make a woman of fash ion, Millicent, as far as [ understand such beings. A lady with a magnificent head of i'air of her own carefully puts it out of sight and covers it with some one else's hair. I thikc-the fashion' most hateful, but my opinion, of course, matters little. Seriously speaking, Mlillicent, my mother must-take you to a hairdresser's, as something must be done; this beautiful, graceful, infantile head would never suit her ladyship.' Much- against Millicent's will a hair dresser was taken into their confidence. ' Could I not weac a cap I' asked Milli Scent, looking shyly at the magnificent coif fures of all colours. 'It would.be very unbecoming,' said the hair-dresser, 'A governess in a cap I' spoke Mrs. Chal mere. ' No that will not do at all.' ' What does it matter ?' thought the girl. ' After all, my appearance will really int~cr est no one.' And she submitted passively while a plain band of hair was chosen for her by the hair dresser and Dr. Chalmers. Whed it had been arranged, and she looked in the glass, she hardly recognised her face, the wavy golden hair had always given such a grace ful, fairy-like character to her beauty. She looked many years older than she was-sad and subdued. The plain band of hair seemed quite to alter her face. Mrs. Chal mers kissed her. ' Never mind, my dear,' she said, 'you will soon be your own pretty self again,' and the kindly words smote the young girl with deadliest pain. Her own self ? Ah, no'! that self was dead, never to live again. It was but fitting that the old, graceful beauty the girlish beauty Adrian. had loved so dearly- should die with it. : ;A very proper person, indeed,' thought •'Lady Dartelle, when the interview was nearly:at an end; 'and evidently knows her place -nnd mine, and Imay own to myself Sthat the outlay is very little.' 'F'or Lady Dartelle had, during the course of the interview, been delighted with the brillant accomplishments of the young girl. Her playing was magnificent, her singing most exquisite-the pure, sweet contralto voice had been highly cultivated. Then she spoke French and German with such a pure, perfect accent that Lady Dartelle be gan to think that the terms expected would be high. She managed the matter skillfully. She carefully concealed her admiration, and dwelt principally oni the fact that the young lady had never before been engaged ii teaching. ' That makes an immense difference,' said her ladyship, diplomatically. 'Still, as Mliss Holte's appearance pleases me, I will not think of the deficiencies. In addition, Miss Holte, to your teaching my youngest daugh ter, I should wish you to speak French and SItalian with my older girls.' Miss Holte bowed acquiescence, and her ladyship, finding that she offered no objec tion to any amount of work, then mentioned a few other 'little duties! she wished to be attended to-' duties' she would not have \- dared to extract from any one else. All arrangemeuits were concluded greatly to her satisfaction, and then Lady Dartelle asked Millicent if she would like to see her issew pupil. The young girl said 'Yes' and inanswer to a summons from her ladyship, the child came into-the room. Then, for the first time, Millicent's heart Swas:touched; the large, earnest eyes looked into her own with an appealing expression, ...the little burning hand trembled as it lay in her own. Millicent bent down and kissed thb sweet face.. Something stirred in her heart. .that had long seemed dead-some thing that brought with it exquisite pleasure .and exquisite pain. 'In eases of this kind,' said Lady Dar telle, 'I find there is'nothing'like a clear and straightforward understanding. I should like to tell you, Miss Holte, that 'when we are quite alone you will sometimes dine with us, and occasionally spend the eveuing in the drawing-room; but, when we. have visitors, such an arrangement will be impossible. My reason for this,' continued .her ladyship, blandly, turning to Mrs. Chalmers, 'are these: My son Aubrey isa frequent visitor at Hulmne Abbey; he often brings friends with him, and then I think precautions with young people are necessary. I have seen sad results amongst my friends where the precautions I think so necesse'y have not been taken.' 'I shall never wish for any society but that of my little pupil, Lady Dartelle,' said Millicent. And her ladyship was graciously pleased to observe that Miss Holte seemed to be v"ry 'sensible. It was all arranged; but as they drove home a sudden doubt came to Hyacinth Lady Dartelle spoke of her son's bringing Svisitors with him. Suppose amongst them there should be any one she knew-any one who woild recognize her. The very thought of it made her sick and faint. No, it was \- niot likely; she had seen so foew people, she had known so few-besides, when visitors 'camg, it was Lady Darteollo's wish that she should not appear. 'Even if I do appear,' she said, 'who that has known me in my bright happier days- who that has known as Hyacinth Vaughan would recognize me now I' * "fho could discover thei lovely, smiling 'radiant face under that sad, careworn lookI Where was the light that had shone in the beautiful eyes-where were the smiles tha~t had played around the perfect lips--where the grace and happiness that had niade the 'face like sunshine1 Years seemed to hare passed over that bowed head-years of sor row,'of care of misery. No one could re conize her. She need have no fear. o she blushed crimson when Dr. Chalmers oi'seeing her, laughed. Sble had forgotten the false braids of hair. Nothing had the power to interest her long, Her thoughts lways flew to Adrian. What had he thought of her ? Had he forgotten her? What wns he doing ? She had completely forgotten the braids. The doctor's mis chievous laugh made her remember them. 'I declare, Millicent,' he said, I should have passed you in the street without re cognizing you. Why, .you look ten years older, child-and so altered !' His face grew serious and sad as he remembered the girl as he had seen her first. 'Shall you like Lady Dartelle 1' he asked. Severe suffering had not blunted her keen instinct-the instinct that had shown her that Claude was more enthusiastic than sin cere, and that Adrian was the most noble of men. 'I shall like my pupil, ' she said-' I shall love her in time. 'Now,' observed the doctor, 'Ihave hopes of you. This is the first time you have used that word. Millicent,' he continued, kindly yet gravely, 'to love anything, even though it be oily a child, will be -the salvation of you.' It was arranged that Millicent-Hyacinth had even learned to think of herself by that name- should join Lady Dartelle on the Friday evening, and on the following Satur day they were to go down to Hulme Abbey together. Dr. Chalmers had promised to find time to run dowvn in the course of a few months. ' You will naturally be anxious to see how Miss Holte getson,' said her ladyship, adroitly; 'I shall be glad of your advice about Clara.' Then the time for parting came. The sepa ration proved harder than they had thought. Mlillicent had grown to love the place and the people, as it was character istic of her grateful, loving nature to care for all those who were kind to her. It was her only home now, and the friends who dwelt there had been goodness itself. Her sad heart grew heavier as she thought of leaving them. 'Yet, if I live on here as I have been doing,' she said to herself, 'I shall lose my reason.' TWhen the time came to say farewell Dr. Chalmers held her hand in his. 'I am not a man of many words,' he said, ' but I tell you this-the sunshine and joy of my heart go with you. How much I care for you you will never know; but Heaven's best blessing go with you and prosper you! If ever you want a friend send for me.' In another minute Hyacinth had left the house that had been to her as a haven of refuge and a heaven of rest. CILHPTER XXVIII. The beautiful November day was drawing to a close as Lady Dartelle and Hyacinth neared the end of their journey. It had been a lovely day. The branches of the trees were all bare of leaves, but the sun shone brightly and the sky was clear. After the railway journey was ended, as they drove along the country roads, a faint color came into Millicent's face, faint and exquisite as the delicate bloom on. the inner leaf of a wild rose, and a light shone in her eyes. New life had come to her. The trees seemed to spread out their grand branches as though to welcome her. The time was not so long since she had talked to them in her pretty, child-like way, believing they could hear if not answer her...-The life in that dull London house, where no green leaf was to be seen, faded like a heavy dream. She could have stretched out her hands to the trees in fondest welcome How had she lived so longwithout seeing them ? A long, deep sigh escaped her. Lady Dartelle looked up. 'I hope you are nlot tired, Miss Holte I' she said. ' No, not at all, thank you; bit the country looks so beautiful, and the trees are like dear old friends.' Her ladyship did not look very well pleased; she had not bargained for a senti mental governess. ' I hope,' she returned, stiffly, ' you will find better friends at Hulme Abbey than the trees are likely to prove.' Another cry of delight escaped Hyacinth, for, on turning a sharp corner of the road, the sea lay spread out before them. 'Is Hulme Abbey near bthe sea l' she asked. ' Almost too near,' said Lady Dartelle, 'for when the wind blows and the tide is high we can hear the noise of the surf too plainly-that is the only fault that any one could possibly find with Hulme. Do you like tIhe sea, Miss Holte s?' She did not know. She had seen it twice-once when the world was all fair and she was going to Blerghoim, and again when the waves had sobbed a dull requiem to all her hope and her love. Did she like it? The very music seemed full of the iorrow of her life. She thought that she would soon grow to love it with a passion that only poets lavish on the fair beauties of nature. Then the gray turrets of the Abbey came in sight. ' We are at home,' said Lady Dartelle Hulme Abbey was neither so spacious nor so magnificent as Queen's Chase. It was an ancient building of imposing aspect, with square towers and an old- fashioned gateway; the windows were large and the exterior of the house was ornamented with heavy car vings of stone. The building stood in the midst of the beautiful grounds.; a long chest nut avenue at the Iack led to the woods, and these last sloped down to the very edge of the sea. ' We are not many minutes' walk from the shore,' said Lady Dartelle, 'and one of your most important duties, Miss Holte, will be to take Mliss Clara down to the sea every day. The walk will be most becnecial to her.' The lonely, sorrowful heart clung to that idea of the sea; it would be a companion, al miost a friend to her. It had a voice that would spcalk to her, that would tell her of her love, lost forever, and that would whis per of the mysteries of life, so hard to under stand. Lady Dartelle almost wondered at the rapt, sublime expression that came over the sweertsad face. In another moment they were in the spacious- entrance hall, servants bowing, Lady Dartello proud and patronizing. SYou are tired, and will like to go to your room,' she said. 'King, show Miss Holte to her room.' So for that one night the young girl es caped the ordeal she had dreaded-the in troduction to the daughters of Lady Dartelle. Hyacinth rose early the next morning. She could not control her impatience to see the sea; it was as though some one she loved nwere waiting for her. After a few inquiries from one of the servants she found her way to the shore; her whole heart went out in rapture to the restless waters. She sat down and watched the waves as they rolled in and broke on the shore. The smell of the salt breeze was delicious, the grand anthem of the waves was magnifi cent to hear; and as she sat there she wept as she had not wept since her sorrow fell upon her-tears that eased her heart of its burning load, antl that seemed to relieve her brain of its terrible pressure. Where was Adlrian Thie waves mur prurcd his name. ' My love, my lost, my own,' they seemed to chant, as the murmur died along the shore. Where was he Could it be that these same waves were chanting to him 1 ' If I could only go ~to him,' she said, 'and al sobbing at his feet, and tell him how I love him !' Presently she went back to the house, eeling better than she had felt for long months, and found, to her great relief, that none of the ladies were up yet. The servant who had attended to her the night before was in her room. ' My name is Mary King, miss,' she said; Sand my lady told me I was to attend the school-room. Would you like to see it I' Millicent followed her and the girl led the way to a pretty little room that over looked the woods. It was plainly furnished, but there was a piano, an easel, and plenty of books and flowers. ' This is the school-room, Miss,' said the maid, 'and my lady thought that, as bliss Clara will be here for only six hours during the day-that is, for study-it would an swer as a sitting-room for you as well.' Hyacinth desired nothing better than the grand old trees to look at. The maid won dered that she looked from the window in stead of around the room. 'I will bring you your breakfast at once, Miss,' said the girl. ' Miss Clara takes hers with you.' After breakfast Lady Dartello came in with the written order of studies in her hand, and then Millicent found that her office was no sinecure. There was one thing pleasant-every day she must spend two hours out of doors with the young ladies in order to converse in French and Italian with them. Lady Dartelle added that she had one re mark to make, and that was that she had noticed in Miss Holte a tendency of dreami ness-this was always bad in young people, but especially out of place in a governess. She trusted Miss Holte would try and cure herself ofit. When the lady had gone away the girl looked around the room and won dered how long she would have to live in it, and what she would have to pass through. What sorrowful thoughts, what ghosts of her lost love and lost happiness would haunt her! But in her. wildest dreams she never fancied anything so strange as that which afterwards came to pass. She found that it was not without reason that she had dreaded the ordeal of meeting the young ladies. They were not amiable girls. They were tall, with good figures and highbred faces-faces that, if they had taken the trouble to cultivate more amia bility and good temper, would even have been passable, if not comely, but they wore continually an expression of pride, discon tent and illtemper. Lady Dartelle, likethe valiant and enterprising lady that she was, did her best with them, and to make the most of them. She tried to smooth down the little angularities of temper-she tried to develop the best traits in their characters and to conceal their faults. It was a diffi cult task, and nothing but the urgency of the case would have given her ladyship courage. The Misses Dartelle had been for three years in society, and all prospect of their settlement in life was remote. It was a serious matter to Lady Dartelle. She did not care to pass through life with two cross old maids hampering her every move ment. Sir Aubrey had listened to his mother's complaints, and had laughingly tried to comfort her. ' I shall come down some time in February,' he said, 'and I will bring some of the most eligible bachelors of my acquaintance with me. If you make good use of the opportunity you will. surely get one of the girls "off." I know how fatal country-house life is to an idle man.' The prospect was rather a poor one; still Lady Dartelle was not without hope. The gentleman who was to win one of the Misses Dartelle was not to be envied for the exceeding happiness of his lot. They treated the governess with a mixture of haughty scorn and patronizing disdain, which at times even amused her. She was as a rule supremely indifferent, but there were times when a sarcasm from one of the young ladies brought a smile to her lips, for the simple reason that it was so very in appropriate. CHAPTER XXIX. Time passed on and Christmas came at last. By that time Hyacinth had grown accustomed to her new home. Dr. Chal mers had been to see her and had professed himself delighted with the change in her appearance. She did not regain any of her lost happiness, but she did regain some of her lost health and strength. Though she ihad not a single hope left, and did not value her life, the colour slowly returned to her face and the light to her eyes. The fresh sea breeze, the regular daily exercise, the quiet life, all tended to her improvement. She did not seem the same girl when Christmas, with its snow and holly, came around. Hyacinth found wonderful comfort in the constant childish prattle and numesous questions of little Clara; the regular routine of studies took her thoughts in some mea sure from herself. She was obliged toronse herself; she could not brood over her sorrow to the exclusion of everything else. She had thought her heart dead to all love, and yet at Hulme Abbey she had learned to love two things with a passion of affection-one was her little pupil, the other the broad, open, restless sea. How long her present mode of life was to last she did not know she had not asked herself; some day or other she supposed it would end and then she must go somewhere else to work. But it was certain she would have to wcrk on in quiet hiding till she died. It was not a very cheerful prospect, but she had learned to look at it with resignation and patience. 'Tho end will come some day,' she thought, 'and perhaps in a better world I shall see Adrian again.' Adrian-he was still her only thought, When she was sitting at times by the sea shore, with the child playing on the sands, she would utter his name aloud for the sake of hearing its music. 'Adrian,' she would say; aind a light that was wonderful to see would come over the lovely face. 'jAdrian.'the windsand waves would seem to re-echo; and she would lend forward, thebetter, as she thought, to hear the music of the name. 'Mamma,' said Veronica one day to Lady Dartelle, 'I think you have done a very fooljsh thing.' ' What is that, my dear 1' asked the lady, quite accustomed to her daughter's free criticism. 'Why, to bring that girl here. Do you not see that she is growing exceedingly beau tiful l You do not give her enough to do.' 'I quite agree with Veronica, mamma,' put in Mildred; 'you have let your usual judgment sleep.' Lady Dartelle looked up in astonishment. 'I assure you, my dears, that when I saw her first she did not look even moderately pretty. 'She has very much altered, then, ' sail Veronica. 'When she came in with Clara yesterday I was quite astonished. I have never seen a colour half so lovely on any face before ' 'I hope,' observed Mildred, ' that you will keep to your resolution, and not allow her to appear when we have visitors. You know how Aubrey admires a pretty face. Remembering how many plain women there are in the world, and how few pretty ones, it seems odd that you did not bring a plain one here.' A slight expression of alarm came over Lady Dartelle's face. 'If you think there is any danger of that kind,' she said, 'I will send her away at once. But I am of opinion that you exag gerate her good looks. I see nothing so very noticeable about the girl. And you know I shall never be able to secure another governess so thoroughly accomplished on the same terms:; that, of course, is a considera tion 'I 'YOU can please yourself, mamma,' re turned Veronica. 'But I warn you that, if you are not very careful, you will most bitterly repent having a girl of that kind about the place when Aubrey comes home. You may do your beast to keep her out of the way, but, depend upon it, she will con trive to be seen. Where there's a will there's a way.' 'I think you are alarming yourself unno cessarily, my dear Veronica,' said Lady Dartelle. ' Am I, mamma I Then judge for your self. I see the gleam of Clara's scarlet cloak in the trees-they are returning. Send for Mliss Holte; ask her some trifling question; and when she is gone tell me if you have ever seen a more beautiful face.' Lady Dartelle complied with her daugh ter's request, and in a few minutes ' Miss Holte' and her little pupil entered the room. Lady Dartelle asked Hyacinth some unim portantquestion, looking earnestly as she did so at the lovely face. She owned to her self that she had no idea how perfectly beautiful it was; the faintest and most ex quisite bloom mantled it, the sweet eyes were bright, the lips like crimson flowers. ' She must have been ill when I engaged her,' thought her ladyship; 'I will ask her.' Smiling mostgraciously, she said: ' You are looking much better, Miss Holte; the air of Hulme seems to agree with you. Had you been ill when I saw you first I' The beautiful face flushed and then grew pale. The young ladies looking on were quick to note it. 'Yes,' she replied, quietly, I had been very ill for some weeks.' 'Indeed l I am glad to see you so fully restored;' and then a gracious bow inti mated to 'Miss Holte' that the inter view was at an end. 'There, mamma,' cried MilIdred, 'you see that we are perfectly right. You must acknowledge that you have never seen any one more lovely.' Lady Dartelle looked slightly bewildered. STo tell the truth, my dears,' she said, 'I have hardly noticed the young girl lately. All that I can say is that I did not observe anything so very pretty about her when I engaged her. I thought her very pleasant looking and graceful, but not beautiful.' 'I hope she is what she is represented,' remarked Mildred; 'but Mary King says that she has all the ways of a grand lady, and that she does not understand what'I should have imagined every governess to be familiar with.' ' My dear Mildred, you are.saying too much. She is highly respectable-a ward or prothgh of Mrs. Chalmers-the doctor would never have named her to me if she had not been all that was irreproachable.' ' We will hope for the best; but I advise you again, mamma, to keep her out of sight when our visitors come' Lady Dartelle smiled calmly--of the suc cess of anything that she undertook that far-seeing lady never doubted. It was the end of January when Lady Dartelfe received a letter from her son. 'Here is good news, my dear children,' she said smilingly. 'Your brother is com ing and he brings with him Lord Chandon and Major Elton. We shall have a very pleasant time, I foresee.' CHAPTER XXX. FEBRUARY came in mild and clear, with a pleasant foretaste of spring. In the woods the early violets were peeping out, and the snow-drops were bowing their white heads; the buds were beginning to form on the hedges and trees, there was a faint song from the birds, and siknce reigned in the woods, as though the goddess of spring were hovering over them. It was Valentine's Day-in after years Hyacinth remembered every incident of it; Clara had complained of not feeling well, and they had gone out into the woods-the governess and child. They sat down near a brook on some moss covered stones. The child was unconsciously a poet in her way. Miss,' she said, suddenly, 'do you never pity the flowers forbeing obliged to hide so long in the dark, cold earth 1 How they must be longing for sunshine and for spring! It is just as though they were in prison, and the sun is the good fairy that lets them out.' Hyacinth made a point of never checking the child's thoughts; she always allowed her to tell them freely as they came. ' I think so much about the flowers,' con tinued the little one. ' It seems to me that in some distant way they are related to the stars. I wonder if they live as we do-if some are proud of their colour, and some of their fragrance-if they love and hate each other-if some are jealous, and others con tented. I should like to know.' 'The world is full of secrets,' returned Hyacinth, musingly-' I cannot tell. But, if flowers could have souls, I can imagine the kind of soul that would belong toeach flower.' 'So can I,' cried the child, joyously. 'Why is the world full of secrets, Miss Holts I Men are so clever; -hy can they not find all the secrets out 1' TO BE CONTINUED, 