:~ , - . · 1dnIcUTRH.w " . . [Br IZAAK.] The fourteauth anniversary of the above eucd church was celebrated on Sunday, w; hen three special services were held, the or rildingbeing filled on each occasion. The 1e ov. J. Lowo preached morning andl vi ening, and in the afternoon the Rev. AW. I d iwdon gave an address to the children, C ich of the discourses delivered being pi st'ned to with close attention, and nmch in lineation. The usual public meeting took gi ace on Mrol:dy evening, the gathering a] ing presided over by Mr Northcott. ni pologies were offered for the absence of b to Revs. LPKenzie, Lestcr and Vawdon, na ho were prevented by prior engagements ni om attending. The annualreport, which 11 as read by the secretary, opened with 3 tpressionc of thankfulness to God for His ft Ieroes and blessings during the past year, a nd though no new additions had been a iado to the imembers' roll the attend- c nee and interest displayed in tile services a reio lhopeful indications that a good ' cork of grace was going on amongst lie congregation, vwhich would result a the salvation of sculs. Reference c as inade . to the retirement .of the lev . A. Taylor;- and a hearty wel 0me" Mwas tendered to his successor, the cv.N James Lowo, and Mrs Lowe and atmiiy, the hope being expressed that they vonlidihave a blessed time whilst laboring i. this circuit.t For her services as organist he trustees sihceroly thanked Miss Hill iousare d a'lso the conductor, Mr Sitling ton; both of whom had filled their respec Live position6 for the past eight- years in succession, also to the other mcmbers of the chloir for their regular attendance. The trustees likewise tendered their best thanks to tho ladies who had cleaned the church: during the past twelve months. The presentidebt on- the church was .50;, and thi triistees desirdd that. soume steps ehouild be takeni t clei"r off tli deht by the end ofithe 'ear." To'this end the congro gtation; would, doubtless, beinvited to sug gest the ways and.means of doing so. le gret was expressed 't ltheo untimely death of oun of ilidyou ng men' of tihe congrega tion, ani thei prsiyers and synpathy went out't d the bereaved fainily in the sore aflliti~io that had befallen .them. The bailince sheet showed :that the :year ccoim me- nced with .deficiency of -7 2s, and ended i?ith. a .debit,' balance of .£1 (is Gd, thus their financifal position cwas £5 1is Id better than at' the beginning of the year. Thoechair'an gaave a capital address, after whici Mecssrs Sitlington, R:obb :and Lowe spohke a few v.ell chosen words of welcome to thoe ?se. Mr Lowe, and Mrs Lowe' and family. . · . ::.-::c .:r The Rev. Mr Lowe delivered a first-class address,-, which wass lappily puncuttted with luchi, hIumnorous psleasautry.He.- o thanl:ed themi heartily forthei welcome they liad'given Mis Lowo and himself, .it whs a pleasure to listen to such words asc he': had helird fronm the friends -tiat night.i He then went oi to speak of the:rclations tiat existed between the pulpit .and -the .pew' They had been' listening to the pircachers for thle past twelke i ioditlis, wlo, no doibt, said ai great deal aboiutthe ulpipt.' It was now his turn to say something alout the pew. To th prciir there h was iu the pow uuch that was both ai hell and a lhinidrance. The helpful pews wero those who ?iwrked iad ,lpriyed;, 'and" listenied attentively. Anuongst the pews that :ere obnoxious to him were the sleecpypoews, several laughable illustrations being given of this class. of folk. Tliey' should gi0v eanikest attention to the preacher, and show thait they' were interested in what the preacher had to say to tliEu They were ailways certain faces in the pew that: acted .upon a proacher like a baroibeter; th'e "countenainces being a -ood indicator of the anmount of interest disprayed by the pew.. He would strongly urge them all to become spiritual barone ters receiving the teachers' niessage as from God. Anothei p-w tbht'iwas' depressing;to the pulpit Wsas a critical pow. He believed thce eritical faculty lhadd r'?eiaieda abnormial developmeint:amongstlthb i'people in these days.- Considering-the good effects pro duced bycriticism: i.. past times to Chris tianity -and especially to- Protestantism duiing the.Reforination, he was not averse to honest6it'nd onscientious criticism whbat he objected to was the abnormtl?devhlbpi ment of ;tlis-faculty; whilch madopeopLio ultra-critical4-they" could iot, ;and wo;ld not be stisfied,.e with ianybody: '' A Uioanergeb inigshtspealr in powerful tones, hut they would not be satisfied iitli even a Bo]oorgies; lot yet with an :Apollos. A' Faul uiglitf'bring his poweriful -logieto beat? upon tohem;or a Barnabas utter swreet :cinsolations in" their ears--it ias all in vain.. Though the majority of.the hearers wevre blessed and profited, the critical few could not accept any of these' preachers. He trusted the Elliminyt friends would critieiseo in' a tiue Christian spirit." Then there was the indolent pew. They haul great need of the fire of the Holy Ghost, they wanted fire to act as a motive- power on church life, firo to put more activity into .its nmeibers. They must reiemuber that all the work and re sponsibility did not rest upon the ministe.; the sal?ation of tho'world depeeded as Inuch ont the church people as the minister. Next cameo the giving pdw. In some circuits the proportionate giving scheme was adopted with success. Many people, jhzeAver, instead of giving ten per cent of their racomc, only gave about two per'cent. '11 believe thle debt of £50 upon .the church could e?aily be cleared off if three or four active ladies -rould undertake to ollect the amount-in small uers at regular intdeiras, In concluding be again thanked thCem for thpir welcome. Both lie and Mrs Lowe'would do al t]hey could to push on the work of God. if tvy would hold up tho arims of their two nministpy' as Aaron did the narmI of Moses, great and woniderful blessings would issult, and then tlhe time would come when they would thank God that they had been tRogtiser as minister and people. At eaclh of the Sunday ser vices, and again on Monday night, the choir rendered a number of anthems and hymns in their usual pleasing r.tyle. The nmusical arrangements were "ably conducted by IMr Sitlinglon, and Miiss Hillhouse presided at the organ with customary cfici .ncv. A comprehensive vote to all the a.napime'sary workers was passed on the motion (i' f gsers Lowe and Hebb, the chair man rcceyingv a i;,')Jar well-earned recogni tion at the bruli'.sds o :. Ritev. Mr Lowe. Light refreshments wo:ee ti'jp handed round by a bevy of fair ladies, btia good things provided being keenly "'ejX.oy.e. The proceedings concluded with tl'e Dooology and the lenediftion. 