SYDNEY'S INDIFFERENCE TO PLAGUE. By BIDDY, B.A. "Who's afraid?" exclaim the little darkies, as, their teeth chattering with ter ror, they fly from an imaginary ghost. The attitude of (Sydney's present inhabitants is much the same. The plague a* a sensation is over; the boom is past. No one is scared of it. "I'm not afraid of the plague," says someone, "'but 1 must be careful for the wife's sake; so I won't go ont, thank you." "It's%not that I am in the least frightened of catching it," say* someone else, "but I realise what an awful thing it would be for me ii I did." It is not without reason that people do not care to assemble in multitudes nowa days. The dwellers in' a fashionable suburban boardinghouse said, "Sydney is just getting too dull for anything. We'll give a party, as no one will ask us to one." About 50 guests accepted the invitation to this party, and towards the end of the even ing a young man was taken ill. A doctor was also of the party, who, in a well-mean ing spirt, diiignpsed the case. It was plague, of course. The whole of that as semblage was straightway whisked off to quarantine, and the boarders wish they had not been so enterprising. So also wishes their landlady. A mild sensation was caused to theatre goers on Saturday night by the sight of two burly policemen blocking the entrance to an oyster saloon in King-street. The owner had taken.the premises a month ago, connecting them with his other saloon m Pitt-street. At a quarter-past 7 a boy of 16 developed plague, and both oyster saloons were quarantined, while their occu pants, including some visitors, were ar rested as contacts. ^ Though the scare is said to be subsiding efforts at stamping it out are not. Dr. Ash burton Thompson, Dr. Anderson-Stuart, and others emphatically state that the rats are the real source of danger, and must be exterminated before the plague can be. The capitation fee on a rat has therefore been raised from 2d. to 6d. There is only one crematorium in the town. It would pay the Government to have branch offices in the suburbs. Children will cheerfully catch rats for 2d. or 3d., but they will not carry them to Sydney for 6d. I saw some children at Enmore buying rat-traps. "You will make quite a lot of mo^iey," I said. "I suppose you are taking all you catch to Sydney?" "No, miss, we are not taking any there," * they answered solemnly. Several weird tales-are afloat how people secure room for themselves in crowded tram-cars bv pretending to be connected with plague cases. At any rate, the follow ing is a fact:-A young man at the theatre who did not agree with his companion's opinions, testily observed, "Oh! I'm sure you have got a bubonic flea." Instantly a party sitting next them rose together, and never came back to the theatre any more. At Burwood encampment last week, held in the grounds of Mr. Ralston (.mayor of Burwooa), there was a hat-trimming com petition amongst the gentlemen. Not so many as usual would enter this year to trim bats for the amusement of the public, and all who had entered did not attend on the appointed evening. "We thought it was fixed for last night," they said. One of them remarked, "You know, I'm so clumsy with sewing; I might get a prick. Pricks and cuts ana all things of that sort should be avoided just now. Of course, this is only my joke: I'm not afraid of the plague. Not a bit. Though most country people are staying where they are, a few have come to Sydney. Some declare that they had no idea the plague was "a real thing. "I never read plague," said one lady, "and 1 never talk plague. It's too horrid. 1 thought it was like a tidal wave or something, that swept things away, and was gone-carried off Chinese and things of that sort. I had no idea it could affect the people one goes amongst." That lady hardly ever stirs from her hotel, and at night she and her family are always close prisoners. Others who have come up on business, or what they are pleased to call business, such as helping in patriotic fetes, remain in the suburbs where they are visiting, especially if Sydney has to be reached per ferry-boat. One large school for girls "down the line" was hi a state of much tribu lation. For weeks the girls had been promised a holiday and a trip to town when the Imperial Bush men*;' CoBtuigent left Sydney. Fipr-e the pronri.-re "*.- pverj ':j>? he-i-i ?-? r ha? been in the rw i'! of many is .-rj'-^d :«;«< /r^m ,./) ?:.:.. --jy-r»? that "iF -^S :!':.. Ha'- to go ;r.to Sydney f r anytb-.ng. -he hvi better return fco?ne a: od^." in>i "r-r c»y>ine=« sake. kc-:» Kthei :r. .'.--.r?. I: yoo ?er her go to r~"'"n -"jt jnsy c.'toh the pUzue." Ac e-vrd.'ndy 4'! i'tt'e Friday-to-Mooday trips hare beer 2hollaed. and -.A the holi day*. tbu- "v.-.-.-vr-i" are scvvrnsjLvns:. to be added rtn tv thSIh hiehn.*:? r'cr.tina. Th:* was Lome Ciiroly eto»??h. Bet wl.ea the appointed day f->r the IJu-hmen'r dewmrre arrived thete « j' racch prc-t^-taron isd waiting. The head teacher res* to the oc casion. "Von -h" >i so to set- the Btlsh cien, hut yr-'i -ha!! mairh to Rookwood ia ttead of to V-lney." Aboa: 135 gir;> were accordir:,2}y o'!ed ouj. arranged in doable hie, and mcrc-hed air-y from tbe contagious city instead of tcwanis it. They s^w the Ba=hmen. arid, vbat i.- more, they sa*s- the Governor ret-jining from Kockwood. WLeo Hi- Esc*IkiK-y noaeed the cotbe «.iastk- !itt"e band traiapUjZ aio!ig. with colour-- dyir:2. fce ordered h:» '.imaja to halt. and. remaining there, saiuie-d them all as they pa-.-sd. The schoolgirl- 1 :-;ck now that tLi.-;. "ecoied" heavily over the- jilapie ware. A great of fusp 25. being nv.de over the quarantining of patient-- and their con tact*. Dr. West, member of the New South Wale^ branch of the British Medical .Association. h.is called a meeting to protest aitainst the removal of the contacts with the patients. As there are persistent rumour- to the effect that doctors and pri vate individual-: ire conspiring to "Uiish ap': undoubted Crtses of plague. Mr. Line has resolved to "look into" the matter, and has announced that he intends to piosecute conspirators, i: their deed? be brought to light. So more excitement may soon be looked for. Tbe student® on Saturday at the:r mock commemoration sang a topical to the air of '"Tarpaulin Jacket," called "The Mi crobe that Luits in tbe Rat." Tv,o versee went ae Wows: "If j-rc'rs nv-rt-nsr a r ^ Or '4cim j>ro«:d- in 3 hst. It's fdd- li.at yr/u harbour tbe tm'-yj 1 That !urt: \u the hide c! the r^t. CHORrS. "Let me waHow in WjUf -^n:. Arv3 Heanse try cr-iT2T. j Tint I befit rhe microbe j That Juris in the hide of the rat. j "He's a «jvrr I; * tie imp-«]) actir::*. fa' r.iij, you be tuisbiei you r.jt, Y'Si'V. ;.,£ dearjettv^ {ir.tiixiiy Is rather haro t*ans oc the rat. rnoRrs. "Let ni= w' :m in strong <j:-ir:f'^'3r,t. Et in pir-r- r(-q-jiescat. Tr.'-r; > iS?e the WiitTC^- t^M Tt.?* !.:»-?* :i. the fci-i* A ::«? rat."' Mr. Arr:oM ?iIote. who puiyed accompani-1 ?toetsti or. t!;<\- organ, gave effective nimbies every tiir-e the sound of the "rat" was beard, which g^ve a great ''sfS'ing" to the song. 