the Strange Departure of the subaltern. All the doors In the corridor were still closed-all except mother's. She had left hers ajar through the night, in case Bob, waking, had called her name. But Bob bad not called; he had slept like a top. I'resently the grey dawn grew pink, and bhafts of light crept through the Venetian blinda, picklngoOut the pictures on the walls, the mirror of the ward robe, and the gallant figure of Bob him self on the mantelpiece, photographed in full unifort. lomter's vigil was ended. She rose aoftly, slipled on her dressing-gownand slipplers, and stole along the corridor to Bob's room. Bob lay, six foot of British manhood. yellow-haired, stralght- limbed, deep chested, sound asleep. The few dreams that had visited him had been sweet to'the heart of a soldier. .,ot a shadow of fear had disturbed his slumbers. He had been assisting in killing the enemy with shrapnel, ride, and bayonet in thousands, and now they lay around him like corn after the sickle; and 'Bob smiled and awoke, and saw mother standing look ing down upon him. It was no unusual sight to see her there ;' yet to-day some thing stirred In his heart, Bob put up his arms, and drew her head down to his breast. " fy 'baby- my boy !" mother mur mured. " Oh, my darling Bob bore It with admirable grace, but he did not like'it-not a little bit; and as soon as he could he wriggled himselt free and asked the time. There was time 'and to spare; and mother said, if he did not mind, she would like to read one of the morning Psalms to him ; it would comfort her, she said. And Bob consented, like the gentleman he was, and lay still while she read, thinking what pretty'hair she had \--It fell in a long plault right below her waist. Then she kissed him again and swent; and when'he was quite sure he could count on isolation, Bob got iup and wandered amongst the litter of uni form cases and portmanteaus that lay 'about'the floor. 'Then he took up his iGlemgarry, and, putting it on, regardedl his refcctlion In the mirror with com placency. And his pride must be ex cused ; he was'n newly fledged subaltern of twenty, recalled from leave to rejoin his battalion, which sailed on the mor row for the seat of war. ' Having adjusted his cap at every con ceIvable angle, he replaced It and con tinned his toilet. His cheeks were per fectly innocent of beard, and twenty minutes saw him attired, Immaculate in a bran-new suit land the stiffest and highest of shiny white collars. Just at this moment a knock came At the door, and his sister, his junior by three years, entered the room. It was easy to see she had been weeling, but Bob expected as much, and In his heart did not resent it. He put hlis arm round her waist and hissed her. " Nearly time to be off," he cried, with almost brutal cheerfulness ; and turned to strap his portmanteau, whistling Ln martial ditty. Nell sat down on the edge of the bed and surveyed the array of baggage with mixed feelings. Sie was very proud of Bob. He was a dear hero; but if only the war were over and he back again erowned with glory I Other girls' trot thera had gone, and-well, she would not let herself think. She wished she had been kinder to Bob In the days gone by. Now the little unthought-of omissions would be ghosts to haunt her conscience till he was back again. She would like to have told Bob she was sorry, but sha knoew he would laugh at her for a goose ; snd, besides, it would look as If thit was Indeed good-bye ; so she choked back the lump in her throat, and sat with brave eyes stoically watching Bob, who stood In the wlndow examining pa1 revolver.. But strive an she would, she could not check the tboughts that ie sighi brought to her mind. Bob with a ro volver in his band-yes, but far away is the midst of the dIn and smoke of battie, surrounded by the foe; dauntless, wounded, bloody-dying--dying I Wit a little cry se rose to her feet. Bob, wso had been taking careful abs at the gas globe, turned at the souad. "I Hllos I" he exclaimed. " What's up, Nell. You look as If you had seen a ghost." Thea his eyes followed het naze. "Little coward I" he cried, teas ingly; "I believe you got funkey at the sight of this revolver 1" Nell stopped short on her way to the door, then she gave a queer little laugh. " Well, perhaps I did," le snid, and went quickly from the room, SBob went back and finished his pack lag; theu he caught up his portman teau and helmet-case and went down stairs. aI tue tall P Ierkins, the mn-nservant met inm, and hurried forward witel a scared face. " O, sir," e cried cr piroachfully, '"you ohouldu't, really, lir. I wouldn't have had It happlened for worlds, sir," he said pathetically, as he took the case and portmanteau from Bob'8 bands. " O, It's all riglt, Perkins," Bob 1t1 owered, with aplendid eondoesceslou ; [whereupon one of the housemnald, wieo was witness o£ the scene, hurried oIff to the kitchen below. "He's down," she exclaimed breath Icntly, " a-ccrtyilg uf ihi otn paortman It'ui, aund looking as landsomnoe and citeerful for all the world as If ho tna iL-goling to be married, Instead of off to war r" " I'oor dear," sttid cook, as she turned the hoops-" poor, Innocent dear !" Pcrklins hurrled down at thLs moment "' To thInk," ha cried traglcyll, 'y n ha'a strapped his own traps and carried down his own portmanteau, and be of to the war : I'd have lost a whole month's wage sooner than this 'ere should hare bappened. Supposing he'a killed, and I've got to remember that he waited on hitsell the last morning I" " Ain't he cheerful "' said 'Mary, the housemaid. "He don't Took as If he meant to be killed." • Oh they none of 'em mean to be killed, but that don't makebtllets blank cartrldge," Perkins answered grimly. In the meantime mother had dressed. She had borne up bravely throughout Once, though, her lips had trembled. That was when the sound of Bob's gay whistling had reached her ears. But even then loving pride had flashed Into her eyes. and choked down sorrow. Her boy was brave-brave and true ; and duty, she knew fall well, would find him a hero. She wondered If father, who was in the dressing-room, could bear the sound. She would like*, to have called to him, only she was just a little hurt at his oap Iarent unconcern at his son's departure. But, after all, she thought, he was only a man ; he could not know a mother's heart ; his breast had not pillowed the little suny bhead In years gone by ; he had not cried with Joy when the little feet had taken their first unsteady steps across the floor. How well she remem bered that day, and how proud she felt of her son! He was such a fine big baby. She had planed him against a chair, and he had looked up at her with round eyes of wonder; then, when her meaning came to him, he had not besi tated a moment--he had thrown back his little head, and, with a scream o1 delight, walked bravely forward right into her loving, waiting arms. And not -now .... She brushed aside her tears, for she heard father coming. Father entered hie room quickly, but paused on the threshold. To tell the truth, he had thought mother downstairs Hie had been trying to remember that day when Bob had ridden the new pony for the firt time so pluckily whether the lad had been breeched or not. He knew the picture was on mother's dress nlg-table, and he had come in to look at it, and there stood mother with the Irtoogr?ph in ber hand. " iumph I" exclaimed father, " so you have not got down Y' and his voice was not conciliatory, for he felt that every one that morning, himself includ ed, was wearing his heart on his sleeve; and a sense of lost dignity was Irrltat ing him. Mother's heart swelled at the tone; she put down O e photograph and looke4 up at father with a look in which re proach and sorrow mingled; and then suddenly she turned aside, and her hands busied themselves amongst the brushes and trays on the dressing-table, for her quick eye had detected that father was wearing odd boots-a but toned and a lace-up one. To think of it : he, the soul of precibsion, to thus be tray himself ; but there his abstraction stood confessed. And, oh ! how mother loved him for it: lie had been such a stocl, too. Well, there was no account ing for man's ways; but, thank God, he had put on odd boots that morning. She no longer felt lonely in her grief. He cared too; his heart was aching also for his son's departure. Oh, those blessed odd boots. But she knew his nature, and stood for a moment wondering bow beet to tell him of his mistake without annoy lng him; and presently mother, on her way downstairs, tapped at the dressing room outer door. " One of your lace boots," she said. " I stumbled over it; I have put it down outside." Then she waited until she heard father swearing softly to himself. Then she knew mat ters would right themselves, and wentl downstairs. At breakfast somehow nobody had much to say. Bob wanted to talk, but felt that his ope topic-his luck at being sent to the front-would not be exactly congenial to his listeners. So he re frained, and ate a hearty breakfast. He would carry the memory of this last meal away with him to the far-off laud. The tender face of mother, smil lug bravely from behind the bubbling, steaming urn ; the daintily spread table; the pleasant, luxurious room, with Its handsome pictures ; the broad bow win dow, from which he could see the dear old garden where he had played as a child ; the loving eyes of Nell beaming upon him across the table. Yes, home was home, although he was the lucklest subaltern in the service. By and by the trap was at the door, and the servauts gathered in the hall to ,sish him good luck and God-speed. Bob shook hands with them all and thanked them, and then he stood with mother In the porch- alone. He could not see her face distinctly for the mist across his eyes, and the next moment he and father were walking quickly down the drive, along which the dog-cart was go lug slowly forward to await them at the gate beyond. Father remarked that the new gamekeeper was giving satisfaction, andthat there was every prospect-of the covers yielding better sport' the next autumn. "We shall have you home again be fore then, my boy,", he said. "Itather,-slr !" answered Bob. " We ahall not take long to settle -this little affair' At the lodge the gamekeeper's four boys were standing in a row. They had three- cornered hats :on their heads, and wooden swords in their hands, and they greeted Bob with sundry- salutes and hurrahs. And Bob laughed and gave thlem a penny. each. "You must keep up your drilling," he sald. "We shall be wanting new recruits In the regiment by and by." And then the gate nasopened, and Bob climbed to-the'back seat of the cart Far away at the house something flut tered white, from the window,. and Bob took out his handkerchief and signalled back again. Then -the -boys cheered afresh, and the.trap turned into a lane, and home was -already a thing of .the past. As they- drove -through the village, there was not a doorway :that had not someone standing .on the threshold to bid him God-speed.. "'TIs the young squire off to the war," they cried -one:.to the other; and the men's glances flashed. and-.their voices rose; but.the .women's eyes filled with tears s they saw him drive past " God keep him,"- they said, "and comfort his mother's heart I" For they knoewthat the men gave willingly their lives for thbelrcountry; but that-the gift of the women was something dearer than life. And all -the while Bob's heart was siuging.to him; he did not know that the song had come down to him from the long ago time when the Sea Kings had gone forth with their battle songs to be the terror and conquerors of distant lIuds. tHe did not know; but so It was, and 'twas a goodly heritage, of whil I Bob In his joy and Impatience rrecked little. So the station was reached and the lanst good-bye spoken; and father grasped Bob's hand. "You will--do your duty," father sald ; " I am sure of It" And Bob's face flushed. "Thank you, sir," be answered in .a husky voice ; "and my love-to mother." 