" FORGIVEN." (By Kitty Carlyle.) "The first fruit is the child of simplicity, but •cry other the offspring of guilt." 1 "No, sir! never, never with my consent, shall you wed my daughter." "Oil! father, think, think. 1 Jovo him. I hive him. You must consent. Surely you would not break my heart!'" "Nay! my jlaidec," said the old man, as he ro.se in,m his ehair and laid a trembling hand upon his daui/liter';; arm. "If 1- ;4'.'ve ;;;y consent, to your marriage with this man. it would a-surediy lead to the bieaking of your own heart, and the ruin of your life, i lio U"t speak from idle hearsay, hut have carefully inquired into Jasper Carl right's a» tivc'ieuix. 1/e is no i111ijiy husband for my daughter—or lor any pure woman." "A ];:iek of malicious lies, ail lies," an swered ihc accused sccnmulj', throwing back his handsome head with a proud jjesture. "(.Vine, Hauleo, an: you ;ioin<j io believe these vile slanders ayainst me? Are 3*.-ii scoi'.j; to turn year back upon the man you piofiss to h.ve, at the fitsf breath of cahtmny "llaidee. niv love." cried her father, in broken tones, "say i^ood-bj-e to Jasper Cart light. Would to J leaven t had never !>h'eu hi;;: permission to paint in our liieaihuvs. It will be a wrench. I know, my child," he continued. as Jlaidec flung her arms across the tabic, and pillowing her golden head upon (hem. burst, into bitter sobs. "Jlut come, have courage, and your mother and l.'hristabel and I will spend our lives in lic-ip iii^' io make you happy, and you will soon ioi'ovi Ihis man." 'Never, never, never." sobb.il llaidee. "as lo•:</ ::s I live i will newr jofocl Jasper." "Nor 1, thee, llaidee," answered Jasper, as lie boldly advanced with an ironical bow. wavi.i^' Ins plumed hat. iowaviU he'.' laiiier. as ii ;o say, "Stan;! t.ivk, sir.- is m!i:e." ho nl-aevil an arm i-.-mhuI t-he wai-t of the sob bing "irl. and, leaning down until his dark curls minted with her golden ones, he i;!Ui'mured words of emh-armont in her ear. "Viihand uiy daughter. ai sir iiaider. 1 have c'.as'.tl to implore. L com mand you to uart from this man—uav and for ever." Asfrtiu Jasper Oarlrighfc beut his hand some head, and whispered into her cars, i In. u she slowly 11>se, ami with bowed head, mn^r.nred, Jasper. there is nought for me but c: obey mv lather. Farewell. farewell." end she li"!d v>ul one l-j euder hand ti■wardher lmvr. "Hi need toward:: her i*;ttTic*:*. who, (»nl of j'ily to his daughter. had turned iiwuv, iiiid was intently picking some dead It'iivw off the trailing crciii!':,-:—before he seized. her hands, and held them in a vice, his bold magnetic, dark eyes forcing < lenience from. her appealing bine ":ie>, a- he whis pered, "To-night-, 10 o'clock, by Ihe 1 rid-;v which i^pans I!icreek near the ^even oak tivcs." and then, making a swvtopino- salute towards her father, who ha:! fared M'und thinking i: wiee to vn-od xhy larewdi;.,. he turned and descended by the :-to;:«e ^ If.-i was so'.n over the meadows. ear] oaf' "Xow, daughter Iiai.h.v," said the old man, gently but firmly laying his hand upon hor shining head, "yoa must »jrv,r see or sneak more with .'espe.- Car«ri<;ht. fie i; a bad num. Tfow had yon e«.;dd in*.-; r-miev stand. iit-le one. Ther\ t.he;v," as <!.-• tears e"iii;iH*nee:i to stream down her ^enlie laee. "Lean mi thine s.Id father. 11^ will combat 'hoc. and hero conies \Uv moiher and Chris tabel. Here, wife. here f-Ini-dabe!, take Ilaidoe. and c-infm:t he:.\ and he «r""d and tender and kind to her, as only women ran be to women." fhristab'd, her pr-?tty fair face alight with love and pity, ran towards hiaidce wit!) < pen arms, and her mother ha/sJeued aerosd it.,- verandah, and placed her arm round 1] :v dec's waist: "l!o child, Lr" with Christnhel." sh.- said, :■< -i'i ]y, as she kissed her tear-stained fa**e. Then, as C'hri-tahel. with tin* utnn^t temler noss lod Haider in^itle Ihe Imm-e, she inrnod towards iier hushand. '"Have you dene well. Charles''" she fjuei; od, gently. "Xeed you have parted them '1 here iras ?n> other course po^ihle. he answered, passing one hand wearily "vey his brow. "Jlore, read this ietter. wii'c^ anil then you will understand." "I'alhcr! M<-.ther!" cried (.'liristahe!. ru.di iis<r into the bfoakl'asi-room the following nionn'nj/. "Where, where is Tlaidee *' } lia\e locked in vain Tor her. She has not, slept ii\ her room. Where, where can she be?" and Can- dabc) wrun^ her hands, and sJood help hssiv lor.kinjj: ai her ))arents. her eyes filled with tears. Jler father jumped to his feet with the ahuriiy of youth. "Sho lias ry(»ue. She has fhnvn with thai seo:n;drrl—that libertine," he shouted, his line oh! face distorted with passion. For a mo ment the blow stunned him; his head l el I r. rwa'.'d, and his fa<„e seennd curved in s'.oiie. 1'lie sound of women's k«Jh roused liim, and. willi. an elTort. he threw ins head erect, and steadying himself with his hand upon the table, his clear voice ranjj out* "fict tlic name lof Jlaidee never more be mentioned in tins house." he said, in authori tative touos. "From this I have no da-u^htor tlaidee. Wife, you have mv daughter IFaidce. Daughter, you have no sister." fn 1 ho lace <>f his (errihie an^er neither his wife nor (.'hrislabe.l dare otVev a ])lea for mercy towards the erring one. Outside all was bright with ihe breath *.A spring. Inside all was Once again spring had Ihrown her radiance npun the land. t'pou the walls of an nlcl ivL'j'li.sli villa the creepers. dyed wit It a deeper tint, hnng down in nature's artistic trails. Flowers !)'«miin^-rI npon (he terra-, e, whiie puis ui j)ink hydranger and geranium i.'.vukc to fresh beauty in the warm sunlight. meadows bad pui en Ihrir enrpeis cf while and Mac. and purple and yellow, which were beginning to Mink under rhe ray? <4 tin' afternoon sun. as it rose high in a dom<> of deeply blue ether, and the rays fall Jev ingly, lingeringly on the noble J'urin oi a woman. chnl in a (ftdlted petiien'»t and red ingotc of satin, with a Mack and white fichu crossing i.er shoulders. She sat by the tea table, which was adorned 1»v a Japanese bowl r,\ .shaded roses. The)' tluv-.v their f-agr.iuce amongst ihe willow-paUcrned cups and J!vt ed silver teapoi. which reihvtcd hack the iigure of an old man. seated in a high-Marked hluo-eushinned chair—a picturesque iigure.in shovel hat and lace cravat, brown coat, lined with white, flowered satin waistcoat, knee breeches and buckled shoes. A lo-)k of settled melancholy was the chief characteristic of hin lace, which even tin; presence of lii.s wife l et daughter could ,r.I cheoi away. As 1 tii-' maid lclt the verandah J lie ohi man turned In Christabe): "y..!i look fine this afternoon, my child," lie said with evident ell'ori, ;;l fniiii'!' to roi!<e himself from his usual apathy. " 1' itie leaih -rs make line liinl-i. latli'-r, and I am weariny while satin peltic-al and (iv,■ rilit<ii' satiu in honor of ■ ,11 r al ft--. tea. party. and 'it' tlit' sp.iir;." '1 11'.' Hi.Ij hoi- lucked H(lmii ir,'/y iipnii her ilolden-haired, blue-eyed er. am! Hun she siyhed. as her thoughts ll.'w in thai ,lher C'!]"—li'.'i' ervieu' "He—!i"llaidie. Suddenly I hey were startled 1 vy the 11; 1 it k fall of a shoe upn the stone steps. Willi a. low :tv, (.'hristabel sprang lnrw.ird.. !ijny to rush and fold the poor travel-slaiued form of her sis':jr in her arms; hut her mother, with a look of divine pity and sor row upon her I'aee, slelched out one .'idlteneil arm, and, litld her Intel:, as with hated l>reatli she v.Mtchcd that meeting. 1'Kir llaidee, the ghost of lier foimer self, with a. glance of piteous entreaty at her mot tier and sister, threw herself at her father's lint". iiL an altitude of humblest peniieiioo. Her clasped arms thrown round his knees, and her golden head, from whieh t he old and dusly black satin hood had slipped back, resting upon them. I lor few belong ings, tied in an old rod and white handker chief, bore mute testimony to her im poverished condition. At that anxious and exciting moment 1 awoke, and, rubbing my eyi-s, found my self sitting in the Bendigu -Art Gallery, op posite to " Kilbtirne's celebrated picture. With renewed interest, I garni "1- '<> :l!>d by the father's uplifted hand, by the expres sion of lii.s kindly face, by the way the other hand is grasping tlu; chair, as if in the act of rising" 1 read the finish to my dream— JTaiflcc is forgiven. Excavations in aiioionl. Koine very dose to (lie .silo of Uie Forum have lining lit to licjht a sot of three weights standards used in Au cienfc Home two centuries b.C. They were found (says the "Scientific. American") un der ;i largo ilapstoiio, and arc 20, :)(), and 1001b. respectively, and arc similar to tho?e now in use. They aro of green marble, and show the Iloman pound as Ul'j oucccb avoir dupoiB weight,. 