THE COESE OF THE AGES. BY A BANKER. FKOM the very earliest stages of the world'e history, back even to that littleknown period before the flood, the fermented juice of the grape has been uaed—and, unfortunately, abused—by mankind as a beverage. The first mention in all history of wine is unhappily a record of the abase of the intoxicating fluid by Noah, who, though a preacher of righteousness, to his lasting shame succumbed to its seductions. And, throughout the long chronicles'of the world's annals, ever repeated instances occur of men, notable in all the varied walks of life, even great rulers, statesmen, poets, warriors, artists, who, against their better judgment, have voluntarily allowed themselves to be enslaved and ruined by the madly insensate craving for strong drink. From Alexander the Great, who, though conqueror of tbe world, could not conquer himself, to the barbarian savage who drinks himself insensible with kava or arrack, the career of untold millions has been blasted by the blighting effects of tbe abuse of alcohol; and although throughout the British Empire, thanks to the work of Temperance Societies, and also of the ubiquitous Salvation Army, the prevalence of drunkenness amongst the maeaee has during the two decades very materially decreased, yet on the continent generally the opposite has been tbe case. And when we read of the numerous chemicals which exist in wines we cannot be surprised at its strange effects on the human frame. For it is said to contain no less than twelve different acids, amongst them being oenanthic, propionic, butyric, acetaldehyde, suc- cinic, glycolic, racemic, and other barbarically named acids, besides a formidable array of other drugs, minerals, oxides, ethyls, glutens, extt actives, and gases. No wonder that a considerable doss of this mixture causete a disturbance of the cerebral and muscular powers. And what a degrading and contempt ible spectacle does he, by courtesy called a man, present, who having gradually become more an.d more enslaved by the low vice, at length reaches the dreadful stage of trembling delirium. By day in a tremulous state of abject misery and wretchedness, fearing all manner of disasters and calamities, and perhaps thinking that every individual entering hie room is an undertaker come to measure him for his coffin; and by night in even a far worse state of apprehensive terror, thinking his chamber is full of dreadful 'hobgoblins waiting to carry bim off, and that shadowy ghosts and hideous spectres are hovering about him, while other chimeras of a disordered brain continue to add to the terror until he fancies himself veritably shut in in the place of torment. And so tbe wretched diunkard g' es down to his dishonoured grave to await the dread Judgment Day, morally and physically a wreck, mourned by none, and an utter disgrace to humanity. And yet, had be but sought strength from on high from Him who never refuses any that come to Him, to combat and revisit the evil habit which has gradually dragged him down to per dition, he would have lived honoured and respected, and would have had tbe added pleasure of knowing that bis future in the spirit-world would be a life of ecstatic pleasure, aud bright, glorious felicity. 