I THE HOUSE OF COMMONS GHOST. 8 The remarkable details published in B last week's M. A. P. wi'h regard to the 8 ' gbii- b ' which is alleged to haunt a 8 portion of tbe House of Commons, have 8 created intense interest in si1 parts of I tbe country, to judge by tbe letters I I have received in regard to the matter. The apparition, it will be remembered, 8 has frequently made itself visible in B tbe rooms of Mr. A. J. C. Milman, the B Assistant Clerk of 'be House, and takes 8 tbe form of Mrs. Milman, but always 8 appears, strauge to say, iu that lady's I absence. A sceptical report- r (' having 8 some doubts about rha authenticity of 8 the story ' which appears in M. A. P. 1) 8 has t iken the trouble to make a persons' 8 call 011 Mrs Milman, only to find, of 8 courss, that tbe story, as related in 8 these coloms last week, is perfectly 8 sccurats. 8 'The fanny tticg about the story is 8 that it is perfectly true 1' said Mrs. 8 Milman. And then she told the scep- 8 tical reporter 'all about it.' 'It has I beeu going on for years,' she said. I 1 People are constantly telling me that I tbey have seen me in places where I have I certantly not been at the time they I mention. One tif my hobbies ie book- I binding, i bnve a bindiiig-rmm at tbe I top of tbe bouar. One aftrrnoon a I friend was assisting me, and on taking I his leave found me again <mi the f lisr I sidp of the binding-room door. Quite I taken aback — be said — be stood aside to let my double puss in. I ' I have never seen my double 8 myself, but I have beard it. One 8 night when I had just retired tn my I bedroom 1 heard a noise mtside tbe 8 door, and madesure there was something 8 there. I went out, and found all tbe 8 doors 00 the landing open. 1 went 8 back and fastened my door by means I of a " night bolt," which is worked by 8 a rope from tbe bed. The, h-ndle of 8 the door was immediately turned, end B tbe dror pushed open again, the holt I being shot back. I again went out — - 8 and found nobody there. B 'Then I rang for two of the servants 8 — mv maid at the top of >he ho se, I and my butler at tlie bo1 torn. As tliey I came ;to .-rue I knew 'hat they must I intercept anyone 'Tin ilia st irs.; My maid h»d seen nobody, but the. butler had just met me-comiug throgh ' B the folding doors of tlie bottom corii- 8 dorl 8 ' One of my governesses some time; 8 agoleYt iue simply because pf meeting 8 . thiS strange sight so often. Only l|£>t 8 Thursday (Jnne 29) a-young lady wh 8 ia staying in tbe house told mesSbhj 8 had seen me soinetriiern jFhere I/|iid 8 not been.' In answer to A/questionJAB 8 to the age of tbe pait bt ihe building 8 iu which she resides, ,MrB. MiliBiaij I', replird that a strange feature df iej | -, business was.- that the faui'-ding I 1 comparatively modern, a. tnejy "Btrae; I \ choice of quarter sior a oatito mSb£: 8 ' lt was rebuilt, of .cbnrrej in I ' Are. you not nervous with giin B peculiar visitor about I'.the ladywas asked. 'Not « l-it,|.ghed Mrs. Milman. 'it doesn't fte - the least difference to me. 1 hawit used it. In fact, I have oftffied to way lay the stranger, waitinfer foos'eps to come along !' Mrs. Ihti added that tbe ghost's ajrn'ce had been going 00 for some yk and th't it had been seen by jay p-ople besides those mentioned iffr br fore. In f-ct everybody seemsg|avB seen it except herself J ffi 