Tales of the Weird , and the Wonderful; . published by btkoiai, aebanqemeni. \- -£:V3By" HIOHLaSto:-' MARSH, "Suthorofri'-Tho Bootlot a Mystory,"" "-In- Full Cry, ":"-Frivolitic8,"'-'".Tho.Criino and'tho 1 Criminal,"'-" Marvols and Mystorios," &e.;, &ci; , corYEioitT.J THE, TIPSTER:: AF IMPOSSIBLEi-STORT, . complete in thbee instalments.: ' 'Hl.—OonUntttil.y , N HIS VOICE, thoro was a ring of enthusiastic oon- . victiou.' His eyes met Miss Davidson's. She smiled at him. "I liopo they .will, for your sake." "Thank you, I know you would." Ho held out hia hand to her. Sho gavo him hers, blushing as sho did so. Tho othor people ou tho 'drag glanced at ono iiuothor. When Miss Davidson withdrew licr liand, sho , turned to tho course. . . . _ " Wo shall soon know part if your predic tion is truo, they are starting." . They wore starting, , though they did not start just then. Racehorses are not to bo in duced to start by clockwork. But, at last, tho flag was dropped. Tho runners came flying down the course. " George !" exclaimed Sir Gerald Mason. "It's n procession." A horse had run off with tho lead. Ho not only kept it, but increased it ns he went. The ruco was finished. " A wnlk over for Devil's Own," remarked the gentleman, who last hud ciambored on to tho coach. Ho turned to Mr. Major, "I. should like, sir, to know your friend." " How much have you wou, Mr. Major P" The inquiry came from Miss Davidson. Mr. Major glanced at his couple of paste board-:. "Iljave eight thousand four hundred on with one man, and nineteen thousand six hundred with iraothor; that's twenty-eight thousand pounds, at sovon to four, that's forty- nine thousand pounds." Someone so far forgot good manners us to whistle; it was the gentlemnn who had clambered on to the couch. Mr. Major's glance sought Miss Davidson's. Her eyes were gleaming. . "All won? I congratulate you." "Reully ?" " With all my heart." His checks wore flushed. His eyes wore gleaming too. Words seemed trembling on his tongue. . Before bo could utter them ho was assailed with a question. " What's going to win the next?" It csmo in half a dozen voices. He glanced > at the hack of the envelope. "Estrolla will win the Visitors' Plato." "Estrolla! She'll never stay tho course; and she's nowhoro in tho betting." " As for being nowhere in the betting, all the better for small punters like myself," remarked the elderly Sir Gerald. . He descended to tho ground ; tho others seemed to be all talking together. Mr. Major and Miss Davidson for tho moment were unnoticed. " Whut are you going to do ? You're not going to do any more betting?" "I am. Iam going to put every penny upon Estrellu." " Oh, Mr. Major." " Miss Davidson, I know that I shall win." " You seem very confidont. But you know you cunuot always have good fortune. And you are playing for high stukes, you must remember." "I am, for the highest possible. I am playing for tho greatest prnse in the world." His earnestness seemed to abash her. " Whatever it is I hope you will win it." "You mean it?" Sho turned awuy. " Of course I do." He hesitated. He seemed about to speak. Then, with a sudden impulso bo too descended to tho ground. " Put on five pounds for me," she said to him, os> ho wont-down.- " I'll -'back -jour luok." ' , - Ho looked' up atlior, his face peony rod'. , But bo was speechless. His entry into tbo. ring was greeted with somotbing like ap- plauso; already ho was famous? In his mnstorihg excitement ho did not notice it. ' " Hollo, Mi-. Major," cried Mr. Grainger of Nottingham, » " don't you think yon'ro knocking 'em? Are: you going for tho gloves? Do you- want to break tho lot of us? Wo've ail got wives aud children, und, wo don't want to seo 'em in the workhouso. What's the next urtiolc, Mr. Major?" ' ' Whut price Estrolla for tho Visitors' Plato?" For a moment it Seemed that thorc was no p?ico. Thou Mr. Grainger mudo a bid. " I'll do you at ovens, but not for a million; you know." "I won't do you at any. price," said Mr. Footo, who seemod' unhappy. " I say with Mr. Jacobs— Mr. Major's too clover for mo." Sir Gerald Mason was standing by the artist's side. . " Evens!" heoxolnimcd. " Why, Estrella'ei quoted at forty to ono."- " Oh, that was before Mr. Major was on. Mr. Major's hand-in-glovo with the old gentleman — he's got the key of the stable." Mr. Jacobs intorposcd. " Look here, Mister, I don't know who you are, but you've -got twenty-oight thousand pounds of my money. Go you double or quits ; ovens against Estrellu." " I'll come in with you, Jacobs," cried an enterprising gentleman, whoso name was Johnson — that well known patron of " the fancy." " I'll do you the same price in any sum you choose. Mr. Major— a million, if you like — I think I'm good for it !" Mr. Major bad to be content with the terms. " I haven't done very well for you, Miss Duvidson," he explained when he returned to tho drag. " I'vo only got evens." " It's a robbery," declared the elderly Sir Gerald : " rank robbery !" " Rather too barefaced robbery for me." Thus Mr. Wilmot, which was tho name of tho gentleman who bad clambered last on to the drag. "I. don't think this 'time your friend has done you a good turn, Mr. Mnjor. From her form Estrellu hasn't the ghost of n ohnnco. Personally, I should say the odds against her were more than forty to one." " By Jove !" exclaimed a ruddy-faced young gentlcmun, with a "pane of glass " in his oye, "I liopo she will win ! I'vo a mon key on lier !" "Not to mention my five pounds,'.' laughed Miss Davidson. " Your money is quite safe. Estrella will win — I know it." "Excuse me, Mr. Major," said Mr. Wil mot, but your tone would almost suggest that you land been getting at somebody or some thing on a very extensive scale. " You seem cook-sure." " I urn cock-sure." "They're oif !" They were. Mr. Wilinot's glasses followed the nice. "A capital start.- Bedgown's loading- Canute second. Hollo, tho Squire's coming. Estonia's nowhere. Tho Squire's in front ! What's that slipped through — Patience? Patience is coming ! Como on, Pntienco ; the Squire is racing her ! Whore'syour Estrella, Mr. Mnjor ? Sho don't seem to ho in this race. Pntienco is ahead! Bravo, Fntionco! By George, Canute's coming! He's in front! He's running away from 'em! Just look how ho's going! It's all over — Canute for a million ! Hollo, how about your Es trellu, Mr. Major? What's that — what's that in blue and pink? It's— it's Estrolla! Dashed if she isn't coming on : hang me if she isn't! My eyes, how she's travelling! If there's time, she'll overhaul the leader ! She has ! She's collared him ! She's raoing him i - Sho's passed him ! Gosh I: Sbo's ; won I!'. .. . . . ' Ml've- won over a hundred: -and fifty thousand'pounds."' With ono nccord thoy | turuod to Mr. Major. Ho seomod in a sort of j ccstaoy. Ho repeated the words, . " I'vo woh | bvor. a hundred and fifty thousand pounda.1,1; ,, know.Estrolla'd win." Jf" ; ' i Mr. Wilmot looked d little whito._ ' It's uncommonly queer," ' ho suid. . " It is queer ; I know it's queer. But I knew she'd win." : Miss Davidson spoko.- " I congratulate you, Mr. Major, with all my hourt. I never knew anyoiio who won a hundred and fifty thousand pounds before— and in a siuglo day !" . '.'I shall win more boforo I'vo finished." "You are .surely -not going, to tempt Fortune again ?" - - ' " No — not Fortune ! ' The man who gave me.tbe names of tho horses which I have here was inspired. It wus 'given to; him to seo behind the voil. I half suspcotcd it at tho time. I seo it clearly now. Itis not Fnrtuno I am tempting ; I am betting upon cer tainties. Iknow that; every .horse ho gave me is sure to win !" : ' ' The people looked at ono another, Thoy wore apparently in doiibt as to whothbr this young gentleman was altogether sane. "What has this very remarkable friend of yours given you for'tlio Cup?!' . ' "Ballet Girl." " That sounds more promising.1 Ballet Girl's my own fanoy, and tlio favourite. But if you tako my advice, Mr. Major, you'll keep out of the ring. Let 'me deal for you. If thoy know you're dealing it'll knock tho market all to pieces ; you'll got no price at all." "What docs it mutter what price I get? What does it matter if I havo to give ten to ono if I know tho-horso will win?" Mr. Wilmot shrugged his shoulders. Of course, if you know, there's nothing further to bo said." Mr. Major found the ring in a panic. His entry was greeted with a roar of voices. "Mr. Minor, vou'vo about laroko mo," yolled Mr. Jacobs! Then camo a volley of adjectives. I can't make things out at all. Upon my soul. I don't know tbat I didn't ought to appeal to t.bo stewards." Someone shouted in the crowd : "Pay up, Jake, and look pleusunt !" "I'll pay up," said Mr. Jacobs; "butos for looking pleasant -- — " There oamo more adjectives. " Whut are you going to do in tho Hunt Cup, Mr. Major ?" The inquiry came from neither Mr. Jacobs nor Mr. Grainger. ' What price Ballot Girl ?" It was odd, after tbo previous tumult, to notice the siloneo with whioh Mr. Mnjor'a words were .greeted — the completer silence still which followed- them. No one made a price. . " You're surely not afraid of one man? What, nil the lot of you ?" " Dash nie !" " roared Mi-. ' Jacobs. " No man sliaU suy that I'm afraid of him — not if I huvo to go into tho workhouse to-morrow. I'll tell you , what I'll do, Sir, Major. I'll give yon.the chance to make tho biggest hot- that was ever made in England. You've got over a hundred and fifty thousand puunds there, and by ! most of it's mine. If you liko to put it ou Buffet Girl, at fivo to one on, I'll tako you." "Five to ono on ?" shouted the crowd. 'Five to one 011 !" vociferated Mr. Jacobs. " And that's an offer which I doubt if any other mnu upon this course will muke you." It was not a tempting offer, but Mr. Major took it. . "Yon'ro a very foolish man, sir," said Mr. Wilmot, who was standing at his elbow. " Why ? — I know tho horse will win." "You may know, but I don't, and yon've spoilt tho market for other men." The start was a long time coming. While they waited for it there was considerable excitement, on tho top of the drag. . "Mr. Major." said Miss Davidson, "I do hope that mysterious friend of yours is right again. It will bo a terrible tiling if Bullet Girl should fail us. We arc all of us on hor to a man." "And ut such a price!" growled Mr. Wilmot. " Upon my word, I am ashamed of myself when I think that I ever allowed my self to be induced to back any horse at such a figure." Mr. Major was standing by Miss Davidson. His eyes, which rested on her, were' eloquent with many tilings. Always good looking, just then he was curiously handsome. " Ballet Girl will win ; I am sure of it. Then — then I shall uover bet again." "Never?" " Never. I don't think I ever bet before. I never shall again." "Your luck -has been fabulous — reallv quito incredible. If I had been you I should liavo been contont with what I'd won. To risk it nil seems— seems dreadful." "Why? You would bo prepared to hot that two and two make four a thousand times in succession.!' ' " But that is different." "Notnt all. Just , us certainly ns you know that two and two make four, I know that Ballot Girl will win. I shall liavo inado my fortune. I shall: have only ono thing left to win. Only one!" Someone suid. they, were getting ready to start. All eyes were turned towards the course. Mr. Wilmot's glasses again came into play. . , . "Isn't that Tragedy ..Queen who won't stand still? Up go her heels. Now there's Chappie joining hor." . Mr. Major, under cover of, the gathering exoitemeut, liiiif whispered to Miss Davidson : " I shnll have only one thing left to win." "I hope you will win it, whatever it is." Sho faced him. " Mr. Major, I do liopo Ballet Girl will win." "I know she will-". "They're off ! " They were. Mr. Wilmot favoured them with a running commentary. "A good start ! - What's that in tho hlaolc and wbitq hoops in front? Hollo! Chappie's making the pace. Tragedy Queen seems to befunking it; or is young Blades holding her- in ? Ballet Girl seems to be running third. White will get himself, shut in if he doesn't look out. Hollo ! Chappie's ahead ! Mark Anthony's ohallonging - him ! They're making a ding-dong thing of it, by. George ! Ballot Girl's creeping up ; so's Tragedy Queen. What is that in- the blaok and white huops? Isn't it Bar One? It- is Bar One ! Ballet Girl is coming "oil. By gad, she is ! Hark at tho people shouting. Our five to one chance looks rosy, -Mr. Major. Sho's collured Chappie ! Tragedy Queen is sticking to her. It strikes trie- it's going to bo a race between thn pair of -them. -Bar One's third. Isn't Bullet Girl just flying? Bravo! .Why, there must ho two 'lengths between her and Tragedy Queen ! j Hark- at the people! I say, Mr. Major, the d&vil; must ho in thutfriend of yours;' Bullet Girl's half a dozen lengths in \- front ! She's having a lark with them ! She's — why!— wlmt is that? She's down! down! My God! Why don't White pick her up ? There's something wrong ! Tragedy Queen's passed her ! So's Bur . One !' Bar Olio's gaining! Bur One's in front! — — ! !" Mr. Wilmot must havo forgotten the .presence of ladies. And in that hot mamout it is not impossible that his forget- fuiness was overlooked. "Bar Ono's won!" Heturnodon Mr. Major. " Bar Ono has won !" There was a hubbub of many voices, a wild rush of people on to the course, where Ballet Girl lay motionless. .Her. lust race was run. Tho flush had faded from Mr. Major's cheeks, - tho light from his eyes. "I have lost! — lost! — lost it all!" He turned to Miss Davidson. "You — you won't let it make any differeuce ?" " Make any difference ?" " I did it all for you. I— I did not liko to como to you with empty hands." "Mr. Major! What do you mean?" "Although I loved you so, I did not like to think that you wore rich and I waa poor. IflliadwonI should havo given it all to you— it would have been for you that it was won." The lady turned away. It almost seomed that this remarkable young gentleman was making a declaration of affection, in publio, on tho roof of a drag, right before the eyes— -the curs! — of a number of amazed and be wildered strangers. "You — you won't let it make any differ ence, bocauso— because I havo lost." The lady favoured, him with a front view. Hor cheeks were a flaming rod. But, in spite of it, she was tho moreself -possessed of tho two. " I think, Mr. -Major, that oxeitoment has turned your bruin. It is rather a singular place in which to volunteer such u statement, but I don't know if you are aware that I am engaged to bo married to Mr. Philip Cumber land ?" " Engaged ? To Mr. Cnmborhind ?" It was piteous to see tho young man's face. " But bo's in Oban." " I don't know how you know he is in Oban. , Nor do I see why his boing in Oban should make any- difference to the fact of our engagement." " But — why did you buy my picture ? " " My good sir. I have novel- bought uny' picture of yours." ' " Gill said it was you." " You seem to bo . favoured with some curious friends. I have not tho honour of Mr. Gill's acquaintunce. Had Ipurohased your picture, I do not- see how tho purchase would have warranted your pecnliur be haviour. -- As a. matter of fuot, I huvo douo nothing of tlio kind Mr. Wilmot slipped his arm through Mr. Major's. " Come, my- friend, I think you mid I had better take a stroll together, You seem to have let us in for a very nico thing ! " IV. . " Gill !" Mr. Major knocked at the door again, 'f Gill !" There was still no answer. Ho turned the. handle. Tho door was open. Mr. Major entered. Tho. lamp was still un- lighted. - But he could see that Mr. Gill was' stated at the table. "Gill." Mr. Gill con tinued silent. Mr. Major went and touohed him on tho shoulder. "Gill!" Ho startod baek. Mr, Gill was dead ! "Starvation— that's what it is." Thus spoke the landlady, hastily summoned to the presence;of the newly doad, "Starvation!" . . . Tlio young man turned his ghastly fade to the womauV. , "Starvation.' Ho's been dourly starving- this ever so long. I doii't boliovo he's tasted a morsel of meat these last two weeks. Ho owed ' me seven weeks' rent. - But ho was sueh an eld lodger I didn't like to bo hard on him. ' Now, I suppose, I shall loso it all." . "But I thought lie had so many olientii?" ' "Notone.- He used to havo when first I knew him. But thoy turned hini up— long afjo! Iydoh't ' believe' ho ever, named a winner in his life. I know more than 'oneri he put ipe on a wrong . ono. Of lato things have been preying on his: mind. ' It's my belief that for nearly a week now he's been quite craoked."' Mr. Major wondered/ 1 v the end. NEXT STORY, "THE ASSASSIN.": ' 