LevalliouY Heir. CHAPTER XII. Ob, dUBt and ashe^, onoe thought eweet to smell; With me it is not, is it wit.h thee well ? Ravenel Levallion, who had once been Bavenel Annesley, got up with weak and shaky legs and stared at the brown shadow of a man who stood between lier and tho sun. For man it was, and no spirit. When ghosts arise from tho dead they aro not ushered to their dearest by an obsequious butler, while two footmen with tho tea things bring up the rear. Dreadful, inappropriate laughter that meant more than any tears shook the Countess of Levallion as she stood up in her white sergo and Mechlin lace. ? ' Captain Gordon tho butlor repeated a little reproachfully, for this was not the way to recoive his lordship's cousin. ' I — I see him,' . was all she could find to] say; all the greeting she had for the man to whose side sho had meant to creep on tho re surrection day. ' Ravenel!' he whispered, and if hor face wero white, his was gray; all the wild, incred ulous joy that had shone there at the first sight of her, dead as ashes. ' For God's sake, how do you come hero. But he knew. With a swift and dreadful certainty ho remembered the butter had said Lady Lovallion was' at home (though - he had not known there was one beforo) ; heard in tho pause that came as she tried to answer him tho smooth voico of a servant saying, ' Tea is served, my lady.' Desperately the girl caught at her breath that would not como ; and her first word was for the footman, and not for him. ' Yes,' she said, 'you oan go,' and thon, with a coward's courage, turned to Adrian Gordon'. c ' I live here. I'm his wife.' For her life sho could not look at him with the triumph a woman should havo in hor revenge on a man who has deceived her. ' But ycju— you died ! Wo heard it this morning.'. We ! Captain Gordon (and that man must havo been a fool who first christened the Gordon's 'gay!') grew as black, and sour aud stern as Lovallion at his worst. 'You,' ho said, 'cannot havo read the papers of late, since you only know this morning thatl was missing. I never— -except to you — was in tho very least dead, though, God knows, I wish I had been !' ' How did you got hore .?' She was still standing, holding herself up with tonso hands on hor wioker chair. ' Sit down,' said the man, booauso Bho waa a woman. But she never moved. ' Tell mo,' she said thickly. ' It can't interest you.' Ho felt suddenly listless, utterly indifferont ; looked not at hor, but tho grass. ' I turned up ono morning at tho fort. They invalided mo homo, and I got hero yesterday. This morning,' nnd ho might havo boon saying a losson for all the fooling in his voice, ' I roportod myself at tho War Ollico and found Lovallion had boen thero, thinking mo dond, bo I camo down aftor him. I would not have como if I had known-: — ' Ho did not troublo to finish. ' Ho's not horo. You must havo caught an oarlior train^jjneohorout from angor that ho should owjJJSrof had boon afraid to meet hor. ' But ho's coming.' 'Naturally,' with ugly quiot. Ho novor lookod up, and ho could not fool hor oyos on liis faco, half wild , with tho joy of seoing him and tho horror of knowing — faco to faco with him — what ho waB. Oh ! i£ sho could havo gono back to tho May that was gono forovor, how sho would havo criod out at tho droadful change in his face,' Tho hollow chooks, tho sunken oyos, tho ? ' Why is your arm in a sling P' sho oriod, with scorn of liorsolf that sho could not bo glad of his pain. ' Shot,' with an inward ourso that might havo mado tho man who did it turn in his grave, sinoo it was that shattered arm that had brought him horo. ' Sitv down,' said Lady Lovallion, and sho said it so tonoloE|sly that in astonishment ho oboyod hor. ' You aro not fit to Btand.' ' ' Why should you caro P' 'I don't,' sho roturnod calmly, and for an instant ho did not think it was a lio. Tho callousness of his manner had hardonod hor hdai'fc ; hor forgivonoss that had boon so roal vanishod. Sho folt old, ol9 and woary, whoi'o sho sat in lior Worth dross. If sli'o had dared Bbe would have cried out that to bo Nel Annesley again in her Sunday frock, I thinking tho man sho loved was true, sho would give the soul out of her body. She gripped herself hard, and spoko to him as to any one of those friends of Levallion's who were here to-day and gone to-morrow — since she could not call him ' contemptible' to his face. :'Majr I give you some tea?' her voice stung him like a whip.. Almost'ho had had it on his tongue to say ' Why'-did you do it — who taught you your woman's game ?' But as ho glanced at her across Levallion's old silver and Crown Derby he had his answer. A secret marriage and a twopenny' emorald ring were well changed for all this. , '* I must be going,' he said. But as he rose a twinge caught him, and he sat back, stiffly. * ' You wero foolish to come,' she said, with a coldness that hid a mad, shameful longing to ease his bodily paiu, for any other hb could not havo, since ho had done evorv Al _ 1 ? 1. * ? £ ? ...Ml J J uy uib own ireo will, 'Yon had better have -wine than tea,' striking a little silver gong. s Her bread and salt 'were choking; but before' tho footman who brought the wine there, w;as nothing to do but swallow it. Not six months ago she would havo lookod at him as ho raised the glass to his lips, cried ''My love to you,' as he drank.it. , To-day— without a glance at him — sne filled her own tea cup with a steady hand. i The silence when the servant was gone was like something tangible ; a barrier that could be felt. Gordon had absolutely nothing to sav. and sho was no better. While he gulped down tlio unwelcome wino without which he must have fainted, Bhe was back again in that country lane, counting her thousand steps ; back' in tho drawing-room of Annesley Chace, wjhere ' Levallion had beon kind.'. Hor heart was. like a stone in her as she watched Gordon covertly. How drawn and hard his face was, and he waB only nine and twenty, Ho did not look so very far from death even now, and tho thought hurt hor, for all her shame that she could care. ' Did you got tho second man ?' she blurted out in tho sudden knowledge that she must say something, anything. 'No !' with a grim surprise that she should ask. ' I may say that ho got me. It was he who took mo back to camp.' 'If she could have realized the pitiful return of those two scarecrow skeletons who had beon prisoners with tho Afghans, known how thoy came home in tho darkness, crawling, w;orn out, despairing, whon- the blessed challenge of their own sentry came on their ears, for Bheer pity she must havo broken down ; have asked him without shame, as one asks tho dead, why he had left her to ? break hor heart ; have said things that might have boen tho beginning of an ond bad enough, but hotter than, the one hor girl's foot must tread. But the scanty sentences drew no picture for her. Instead, sho saw only that thore was a line of gold wire round his third finger that .was half the size it had boon, and wondered if it were his wife's ring. ' ' They will givo you the V.C. for tho first man,' she said hastily, and wondered how many men would got 'tho V.C. if it were given for. truth and not for valour. ' I don't know. ,It was nothing. Every fellow would havo ijono it. Who tolcl you', about the V.C. , I mean ?' t. ' Levallion' was on hor lips, whon sho saw tho gold wire of his ring catch tho sunlight. Tho sliam o of a woman who has loved a man who jilts her caught her at hor heart. ' My husband,' she said quietly. And this timo, it was Adrian Gordon who quivered whore he sat. ' I must go !' lie said, cursing liimsolf for a fool that ho should be hore talking to tho girl who had seemed to him the very flower of the earth, and was only a woman who loved rank and money. I must get back to town.' Baok to his lonoly rooms, whero the tint of hor chook and tho curvo of her eyelash, the bow of her young mouth, would rise beforo him line by lino und make him revile the.fate' that had let him find her out. Back to loneliness, to pain that racked him to the fever that would mako him drain his water jug before tho morning, but each and all of them better than seoing, as~he did now, how sho would not meet his eyes. But tho last person who should know ho oared., was Le vallion's wife. ' You will toll Lovallion' — after all, ho was not as callous, or perhaps as brave, as she ; he could not say ' your husband,' — ' that I liad no idea I should not find him here. Perhaps ho will look me up in town.' ' Is that all P' sho said, stupidly, seoing only how very ill ho looked as he stood beforo hor. ' All !' surprised. ' Yos, I wanted to thank him ; it was through liim I got to tho front.' ' I thought.' Sho was faltering, and sho, hated herself. ; , 'Do you know,' sho said with sudden/ vioious oruolty, ' that you havo never con gratulated mo on my marriage?' and then could havo diod of shamo, for ho was answer ing her as a man does who is born, not made, a gontloman. - \'':y ? ' Levallion is ono of tho best,' . quietly. ' Certainly I congratulate you.' Yot tho wordB woro hardly out of his jnoutli beforo sho was angry again that ho who had doooivod hor should say thom-. ' Horo is Lovallion,' sho criod, ' You had hotter congratulrtto him !' Ho bit his lips that ho had not gonp boforo ; turnod sharply, and struck his shatterod.arm, against hor chair, Tho grinding tortaro turnod tho daylight baok — he was going — going-— With a quiolc cry Lady Lovallion leaped for ward and caught him as ho foil in a dead faint. Long afterward tho scene oamo lip boforo hor husband's oyoB, just as those two liad lookod againBt tho sunsot. And at tho 'memory of hor qiiiolc, inarticulate cry ho buriod his worn, handsome faoo in hia hauds. But' now Lord Lovallion only liftod tho woight that was too hoavy for his wifo's strong young arras and laid his cousin on tho grass. ... ' ' _ ? ' Tho roturnod horo is not out of tho gravo jjrard yot!' ho rom&rkod.; 'Lot him lio, ilavonol, and ring for tho servants.' (To ho contimiod.) 