TOM OSSINGTON'S'GHOSTI -4-- - (113 RICHARD MARSH). CIIAP']"i'I XVI. TWO TI'SITOIS. Ilstinctfiel'y ]1li dreir "itlb.tsel to Jack, nestling t' his l hile-sit s if for, the tnke 'of the ilea r neighboIt hood. GIral - haIn aicilneed towards .\ tutle, 'lain,'g hhnm?elf just atr her halnl], 'with az somne thiung prttefeive ri ite ai.r-s if tic dtesigt:cd to llee h lincself ti frontl of her at a.n instant's "\\\ur'ning. \Vhil,? lI'iltigall cucac'tI fat?her totic"indi the window, with th~at in hi?- herirng c'itic-h et'iously l ugx' isted i he i tlist hug I'liai; of tht iie perurhehinl t tiln - iithns ltef-ier. int( all \fis st ill-'wiih titlt suoi of itihtni' wirtii is Iireginant with mlnttning, \Vitlhtii in the siiltint's. there could lie pahdily heard t he flimliutng of the Itatihlfty, as if utit'e erie. wilth inte-' custtrltell lilidi c \\\iats itr?telilitint to in cclrt " iill the dhoor. l'.cS'tentfly, the! llperttire Ieint fotundi . andl the key: lIurd. ltl lhe dour wca'0u openedt. Sortee ont? eatereid tihe house: tltd. being il, the"llocr i?r iishut--a'-ith a tiltg wvidhti steinted to ling tlhreatfenintgly throurthl lht little heifi', ertusinfg the listeners to s'irt. Sotllle ole ilovtiid. with 'ti ctti-iill ti-teps. iltltig the Ianctget. A; grsiPt was l'c:ti. fioi witullolt on tilte httlltlle of tle' sittillg-roolt, door. 'The'y sacw it turn. ''The tdoor openedl-while 1.loce withiti, with one aecord, hIeld ltheir brentlh. Atil tlltere enta'el ias Srai!tlt :e alli: ifitiful n ilg-tire as IS eC'cer 11 was tlit "glno -t'. wire," the'wort:ma cwho 'hlld to' trouublhd .?lul't e, 'lglo haditl do:e lher b'st. tlat aftprnoon to keepl iher otllside the ho;l1sc. Site was the sndtlest ftlIlt. hit e'tr ,parfi-coloired rugs . ttu drceadful relies -of gauudy " t- ·'i' sa?nw it was her, 'lthere was a sillttllttleoiis "half-movel-e'ltt, whichl nrever bceltnie a 'cllOle movement, for it WciS stopltped lit its inifitlol'y stage stoltpet by somtetling wliilih was in fite womatl't face, tnrd lh, talie doubt if slite was ialolle. 011O helr face-her poor, dirty, dte r.ttdedl, wrrinkiledt faoe--,chiclh 'ias so pitifully thil there -was ctothiliig left of it Iuti sklil nd bione, i elhre 'was ii look \iluhich Ieldt them cilucb. It 'was a look like n?ftlhius whiceh an'y .rci-ft t ue hadl ever seen before, It wnas tot only tlnhat it was a. look of leafth--for it was pl:lin thaut the outstretched fingers of the angel already toctletlu her brocw; butt it was the look of onle who seemed to see beyond the gra?e--slch l l ook as cwe m hllt f'tncy on thdle face ofthec de:ld ill tlhat suudentm 'hock of vision whichl ais some tell ,'ls, cotnes int. tft,: mInoienlt after death. . She was gazing" straight in froit of Iher, as if at somle atme "cllowints thlere: atil hIe said, in the 'queerest, shakiest vbice: " " "Sot Tom, youve bltougltt ie honie at Iat. T'na glid to'beat, thome again. Oil, Tott" Thi· ,tst iwithl thle striun gest ea(cehilng in her thront,. 'She looked 1 bout her 'it th eyes thlat did not see. "It seems :a long tilme since I ,was at lhome. I thought I never sholtlu come' bae]k--unever! After all, there's inothing to.a. wonin like her home-nothini , T'o(m." Againi there cwas tlhat strange e'itdhiug. "YOtul've brouglht me a lonbg 'ray-a losng, long wacy'. To tlhink lthat 'ou shoiuld see me in the ]orou"gl'-nfter 'ill th-ese years--and should tbringt me right, straiglt home. I wondtcered, if ever you did see ine, if ttou'd bring me home--Tom . Only I wish--I wish youc (seen me before. l'm--a little tired now" ' : SIte 1put lter lianod iutlo lier fcee with t gesture .'which suFggested \ce triness which was mlore thtn moortal andil whilch only eternal rest coold soothee her luttd in w'hat was onee a glove. W\hen She rcmoved it, there was sonme tlhing. in lher eyes lwhich sl;owerd thlat sthe lid suddenly a.ttained to at least ia pilrtial coilsciousness of her suir rtundinigs. She looalkecd at the two 'girls andtl the two men 'grnsped 'to getlher on her riguht, with, lit ainy rate, ia pIerception that they' were there. "1'WIo-\'hno ' re these lpeople'? \lho ever you are, I't glad tr o see you; this is a great liight with me.' I've seen my lhusbluldl for the first tihe for years atitd y'ears, alnd Ihe's broulghlt te home with hint tguini-after all that lime. This is tnIy hItsliand-Toto." Site held out her" hailld, as if designan ti1 w-ithl it soume one who was ili fronlt of her Tlhey, on their part, were silent, ' spellboumld, uncertain iwhethdr the person to whoal ialtd Of .whoit she spoke with t"so ullleth confi idene mighlt not be lpriLent, thoutglh by tlhemn unseen. "lI's nI strange hometcominhg. is it not? Andt though lt n tired--oh, so tiredt!--lT'nl glad 1l'm hole again. To this ihou.se hie brought me when wce were married--didln't you, Torn? In this house luy bI lby was liortn--ti sn't it. Tom? ;\at d dlere it diedt." There tncme a' look intoi her fiee which, for the mtotlenft, matde it beautiful; to suclh an extent is beautuy a imatter of exslressioil. "Mcy deiir little baby! It sceels ol'ly the other ti-iy wcle'l I held' it in miy' arms. IT:i a is if the hoise \cere full of glhosts--isn't it, Tom?" 'fIdr eyes iwandered routld tille roomn, as if in seirch of sotlu- otle ot of socl thing, anid iresently' tlhey lighted oupon 'lr. 'tallitngllt. As they tdidt so, the 'whole eslxprecssion of lher ceoultetnance tis cihantgel; it assctited a ]ooln of uin sl:'ak!tablle hIorror. "Ch'irle?s lItlttigll !" she gasped. '"Tl'o--'l'oTn, \\\chat is he doit\g here?" 'She siretcieled out Iher lhandis, seelm ing to seek for protection frolll the soicille ole who was ill from. of hier repetlting thie other's ltnlme as if in vorltt.arily, .tls thioughl itf w'ere -o fthitg :accllurced. "ClOh:urles iit:lllingal !" Slowly, 'inchl by inch, her glance passed frtcil tile shrinking vagntbumd, irttil it staiyed, seemling to seartv with an eager lohnuilg thie faie of the .one 'llo i atns befor- hbr in thei nppare?nxt 'ecant ? lir. "Tol! - \llatf's' hlie doing lhere? T'omo! Tr'tu ioin't lookl att me like tlla! Don't Tom--lor Cod's l?he, t?'n't look at mne like tihat!" She broke into sud dcli volubility, every vord n cry of ,Fin. 'rite utterance of tire ?ncme waos like I sereonm of a wontlclded clllilnl in its mnortal igony. Th( floor onlookerS witnessed nn ex traordclinary spectalee. They sawr tlhis tattered, hriabbledl remnatllt of plhaici das once?: a ii-oviiclt?. wspVn)e wihole tip peiacriceti slotlce of itlie vwho totlered Iic c the very lerith.s of the grave. stlrug g'ling with tcl frenzy of "c hystirieal despair \\\itih he visitanit tFirom lhe worici ,-f shtitite \hllo, it- was ic lain to her, if ncot c to lhelrs. &wts; her Coln ipcniol-i-in he heinslland rslioiic, with such ciligiri-not icri-ty cind sech persistlint ingR;nditude, shle lhad wroniged so long ago. Sihe hlcl held out her halcnds. her tret-:-hcrccos Icalds, seelcinig to shelter ciceni inl hisi: iand it scetncid as if, for a mocllcent, hIe had sufifered tlhem to stay, timil ithat now, isince sihle had realised the I'r'se'ce Of hler clIssoialte ill siil. miwillinig to ritlin thean any more in 'his, lie soiighit to thrust theni from hin; cchile shie, perceiving tlhai wlht ihe lcid suppltosedl to be tlhe realisation df hopes whjlich she hclid niot even dared to clhcristi was proving but c. chimerir, ncdc thie fruit which shle was ahready pressin-g to hIer l:ps lbut anc Aplple of Sodocm, straincied every ncerve to retaini tihe hold of the lcndils whose touch hind ieantl tio hlel l alnost- un cceqllirlent to na open dolior to '-aradise. \Withl little briokeill cries cand guspingt supplicea tions, she wr'ifhed lcnd twisted acs she stlove to keel 'llher grlsp. "'Tom! Taom! Tol'ci!" shelt exselimed, o'er - ul over i-'lcn. "You broughrIi ile tocne! ytoll bronght me ihone! I)on't piut une'trom -ocl! 'IToen! Tcni! To'm!" t11 s'em,~'lhat tile struggle ended lcrin iher tlieonmfiture, ndl thct the hands whichl she 'hdl hoped wortld dct?,w her forrwacd Imd been used to hcrust her back; for,"tagcggerin lcck?cardi os ,if she lhad beenll pi.hedl. she put l'er palms up to her breasts anid IMinted, staring. lite one istraughllgt. By degrees, regfiaining somethingi of hier composure, shie turnedi and looked oc Ilaliingall, with a look ibefore which hie cowered, cretcllly raising his "arm as if w-rding ofl' a blow. And, when sile had breiath enough, ishe spoke to him,. in a whlisper, as if her strengthl was gone. "Wlct are you doing Ihere?' Ballingll becsitaled, looking about hIim this way nld thlt as if seekinig for some road of etcent. nldingci nrone, mi:lking a Fitiful effort to gather "him self logether, he replied to her ques tion ii a voice which was at once tre iculnos and sullen. "Tom askedt me to come. You know, Torn, iou a:-ked "ite to come." ie' stretched out his arnt with a. ges turle whieli wass staotling; nas if to him also thle o omiall's comlpilcnion wOas a re alit~y. There was silence. lite repent ed his assertion, still with his out stretcdhed, arm. '"Yt know, Tonm, you asked me to Tlhen-there Ihappened the most start ling thing of all.. Somen: one linghed. It was in a mnn's lauglh-low, soft, andl mnuiceal,. liBut there w?ls about. it this peeulinii quality-it was not the mnerri nment of one who laughs with, but of one who ihiunhbs ot; as though tihe laiug'ir was enjoying thoroughl.y, withi all his heart, a jest att another's ex ipnse. t'efore it the macn and woman cowered, rs if beneath a rain of blows. Af-er .it censed they w-ere still. It nwas :plain that the wonman was nsham en, disillusioced, conscious that she hlid been rmade i blutt of; and that,in s'ite of all appearances to thie con trary, she 1was still nmontg the hope less, the outeast, thie condemned. :She glanced furtively towacrds \the com imlion of her shtmie; then more giciek ly still aways - from himo, as if realising only too well that, in thoat quarter. there wank no plomise of hope re kindled. Andil she said, with choking atteranei ce "Tonm; I-ever thiouglit-you'd laugh at me. Did. you bring--me home-for tifs?"• : t i 'i . -.., L . . . She- it' ijip her:; lionds, in :.taheir dI;eiadful gloves, to h!erraddledshrunk en fcfce, and stood for ti mom'ent ,still Then herr-nfome begiin to qruiver, and she cried; and as she cried there came that laugi again. . " • The note of moclkery thnat was in:iti servedc to sting' Itallingall into an as strtion of such manhood as was in him. lie leleoched his fists, drew him self-stmraighter,' and, throwing back his lhtead, faced: to\nrds wherd . the Illnihcr- secnci-d' to staind. "'l'om," he saidr "l've used. you ill. We've both of. us ised you ill, both she and T---she's been as false: awife to you ais .'ve beei fr;iend. Our sins hate been mia-i'-rlack. as ink, bitter as gall. W?e knlotsif both of us. We've liand reason to knor: it well.' But. con sider isihat.tour lirnishimnct has been. Look at uos--at her, ait me. Thinuk of rwhat i\e e were, ind rhait iye are. Re mmber wvirt it. iniens to have come to tlhis from that. Every form of suf fering ' do believe -we ve known--of nind aRnd of body too-she in her way, aind, I In mine. \e've been sinking lower ind lower anti lorwer, througih every formr of degradaltion, privation, uciser:, nntil at. Ilst we're in tie diteh -amiidsv the slime of theI outer ditch. \We've lost all tlct there is worth Irhavinrg, so far as life's concerned, for ever. The only hope tit is left us is the lhocr in \which it is appointed that vwe shall die. For my part, my hope is ,hat t for- ne hi-lt hour is not far off. Alld. cs I'm ai. living in:m, T believe that for her it 'lhis already come; that the scvllhe is raised to leap; . tht shte's dying lwhere she stands. Have ycu nio bo\\\els of compassion, none? You usn-d rto have. Are they all dried •cnl witlhered? There's forgiveness for sinlcers, u\'itlt God; is there none witih you? You used to be of those iwho forgive fill seventy times seven; aire you now so unforgiving?" the threw out his arms with a ges ture of such frenzied entreaty., and :his whole figure was so transformed by the ecrneistnesc, and passion, and pi'thos. "nd erven inguish with which lie pressed his theme, that at- least the slcetators were cut to tihe heart. "I know niot," he cried, "whether you .are dcead or living, or whether I myself amt nrMd or sine-for, indeed, to nce of ute t:ie world has seemed all upside do\s. i lut thlis I know, that I see yol nnil tlhat. you see me, and if, as I sup !pose, you cme fl:om communion wiiil itl Ithe Ereunil, yon must know tlht, in tlat I' Preselnce, there is mercev ilor the lowest--for the chief of sitnemrs! I'here is mercy, I know the.re is imere3 ! tlherefore I enlreat you lo consitder, tlhe ca~e of tIhis woman-al el.e who was iyour wife, the motlher of your child. She has aid tdearly for hier oflience against.you3-paid for it everic niomenll of every hour of evervy tinv of every yeatr sin:ce -she offeniedt. Shiee then shie has been eontiiuially plyinlg. Is not a qllittiancee ilearly dtlue-ftromt you? If 'Ilood is ineededt to wasih out iher guill, she Ihass wept tears of Ilootld. If slhe ean say that yonu've forgiven her. (toil will forgive her too. And tthn sle'll finld her ihby." It was a stratge f.rtrrago of words Chliceh inllingall htou strltne together, blut iThe occasion was a str.Iilnge one too. HIis earnestness, iln whit atll was for gottentavte 'lis desire to effect his pur pose. seiemed to east about them a halo is of saneilty. It was almost si if lhe t ooil there, pleading for n sinner, in hlie very N:'une of Christ--tihe grealt le;iler for all great sinners. IThe wvom*ni, this latest Miagdalene. diid as that first Magdalene hlnatd dlone, she fell on hier knees and w('pt-teairs of tittlerness. Biut lihe to 'whom she cried did not ldo as 'ihe Christ. the Imperseiation of I)i vine Mercy. did. Christ wept with the inners: i e lto welom unhie ptlelled tlaughed att her. And, bhneatilh hiis laughlter. sihe crouched loweri and lower, till she lay dlmost prostrate on the ftloor: tand hur body qtiviered as if he struck her with a w-hip. 'SIallingall. as if hie eoubl scarcely credit. the evidlence of 'his otwn senses, started acek and stared, tas though ilieided lIetveen amazementl and dtlis many. UInder his breath, hie putt a sin gilar iinquiry--the words seeming to bie erunig from him iagainst his will. "Arte ou a. dtevil?" A\tl it seemed as if an answ'er came. For hlie stood in the attitulde of one Iwho listens, antid the mnuscles of hIis face worketd as if what was being said was little to his mind. A doggeed look cnme into his eyes, anid about his mouth. Ife drew himself further black, as if retrenting before undetsired adlvances. Words came sullenly from betweeen his teeth. "N'. I want, none of that. It isn't that I ask; -you know it'isi't that." It appe'ared as if the overtures made by the ulnseen presence, unwelcome though they were, were being persist ed in. For 1lalliigall shook; his head, raising his hands as if to put them from him, conveying in his hearing tie whole gamut of dissent; breaking, at last. into exclamations which were at once defiant, suppliant, despairing. "No! I don't want your fortune. You kncow I dcon't! All this time you've been dangling it, before nmy eyes, and nil the time it's been a. will-o'-the-wisp, leadingt me deelper and deeper into the mire. I waisunhappy enough whetn first you canme to nme and spoke of it but ivse been nnhapliier since, a thou sand times. You niiht lhave let me -have it at tile beginning, if you'd chosen--but you dlidn't choose. You used it to make of nme a. mock, and a gibe--yolr playthling--whipping boy To-night the lure of it has only served as a means to bring us here together- she and T!--when you know l'd rather have gone a hundred miles barefooted to thide from-her my face. I don't lknow if there is* a fortune hidden in tdhis house or niot,, anid I don't cahre if behind its walls are concealetl' the riches of Golconda.t I'll have.:none' of it--it's too late! ,too Inte!.'IR's-t'n4id you for what I'd giie an:many fortunnes and( you've nlaughed at me;.: Yoi'll'aot shoia by so lmch ads i, sigin Tuth sypou forgive her-now, ..-at this ",elheenf hour. There's notlhing else of-1 us I'll have. . In reply, ,thlere 'camei" ag ~rin that tiniet Inughter, wvitilh ii it hat' curious metallic qnualtty, hichl Iseenied tol.` t on the quivmilng 2 nbrves of thlie twa, sin; - st mined waywarn?vr?-riches as.if it.h ha been miolten;metai; * A,: the ot?tnd:: of it (hey gave a ,guilt"y stairt is if~ ite ghosts of all their 'sins lindl ris"-?' tdo saourge them. . ": Froom her demeainour, the lautliterhdi verting ]his attentionf from. Baillingall, had apparontl" tirned to adioess tlhe woman. In accents wich hadagrowsa perceptibly Weaker since her first c?i tering, she essayed to speak. ::: "Tes, I'll getlip. If you wish me, of course T iwil. I'm --tired. th,'t:s all." * She did get sp, in a fashion whicli demnonstrated she was tired. The pro cess of ascension wais not the work of a motment, and when she had regfined hier feet, she swung this ways and that, "like a. ret-d in the wind. It was only by whaat secnied i miracle that slhe did not fall. In heir voice there was a wearliness unspeakable. Somnething, it seemed. was said to hler-froum wrhich, as hnllingall had doue, only in her feebler way, sit ex pressed dissent. "I don't wanrt your money. It's so good of you; it's like you used to be. Itind and generous. You alw'ys did five me lots of money. But--T don't artult. monrey--not noW." Snomenein g else isas said, which stung hi(tr, for silte elasped iher hands in front of lher. with a mtvement .uof pain. "I-- dilidn't wish to makie you anigry- T'lt--sure 1 ditdn't. T)on't spuak to si uil lank tit mse lilke that, doon't!" 'TIle \iotanit turned towardss the door luastilt. '\itlt a ssit.l, eager gesture, ihu which t-ll're was tsc-ltethine both mysterious andt secretive. lalinahgall addressed the fma:- onlookers, the spellbound specta tots of this. perhutps. unl-arolleled ex iperience in the regions of cnerimen tal psychology. Ire spoke beneath his breath, htnrriedly, hoalrsely, with fugi tive sidelong glances, as if before all things I.e was anxious that \halat he said should be heard by them alone. "He's going to show her where the fortune is!" The woman opened the door. (To be continued.) 