ASSORTED COUPLES. TWO LOVERS. Two lovers eat by a moss-grown spring: They leaned soft cheeks together there, Mingled the dark and sunny hair, And heard the wooing thrushes sing. O budding time! O love's beat prime! Two wedded from the portal stept; The bells made happy carolling., The air was soft as fanning wings, White petals on the pathway slept! O pureeyed bridel O tender pride! Two faces o'er the cradle bent; Two hands above the head were locked; Those pressed each other while they rocked! Those watched a life that love had sent. O solemn hour! O hidden power! Two parents by the evening fire; The red light fell about their knees, On heads that rose by slow degrees, Like buds upon the lily spire. O patient life! O tender strife! The two still sat together there, The red light shone about their knees; But all the heads by slow degrees HIad gone and left the lonely pair. O voyage fast! O vanished pastl The red light shone upon the floor And made the space between them wide; They drew their chairs np aide by side, Their pale cheeks joined and said, "Once more i" O memories! O past that isl t ++ HER QUESTION WAS THE OLD ONE. " Mr. Spoonamore," said the young lady. as the two walked along the quiet street or the way to church, " may I presume upon our somewhat short acquaintance to ask you a question ?" " Why-yes, Miss De Muir," he answered, turning slightly pale. " It is the old, old question, Mr. Spoona. more !" It had comne upon him unexpectedly. ie was not prepared for it. Long, long afterwards he remembered how her voice trembled, and how the little hand that rested upon his arm fluttered with a shy nervousness that awoke a responsive chord in his knees. Long, long afterwards he could close hit eyes and see as vividly an he dtid st, thtn moment every detail of the commonplace landscape that environed him- the street, with its rows of gaslamps struggling in vainl to illumine the gloom of a clotnly evening, the sleepy lookintg houses that stretched monotonously away until lost in the dim, foggy perspective, the sombre bleak sky overhead, and the occasional pedestrian flit. ting about in the semi- slrkness like an uns. easy ghost suffering from insomonia and walking because there was nothing else to do. " Why-Mins De Muir," lie gaspesd, " cer. tainly you-you may ask it if-if you feel that you must." " Then, Mr. Spoonamore," she said, halt. leng directly opposite a street lamp, and looking the trembling young man squarely in thle face," will you please tell me if my hat is on straight 1"o ++ Somebody says that " a pretty woman has ruined more than one church." Yes, and more than one preacher. ++ A Warning.-Lovers should be careful how they act in the country,for potatoes have " eyes,' corn has "earn," and beans "stalk." ++ The annexed is a choice extract from an album kept at the Niagara Hotel :-" Next. to the bliss of seeing Sarah, is that of seeing Niagara." ++ The Momentous Question.-Augustus: Now, Emily, do you love me, or do you notl Emily: Well, if I nay I don't, shall I have I.n.ietturn your nesental---... are red and dim,'cause he loves she and I love him; but they'll be better by and byeh when she cuts him and he loves I." ++ " Shall I have your hand ?" said Augus tine to Matilda, as the dance was about to commence. " With all my heart," responded Matilda. ++ A lady, writing verses, says that kisses on her brow are the richest diadem a woman's" soul aspires to wear. All right. Bring on your brow, and take your diadem. A girl recently discovered that she pos sessed in a wonderful degree the faculty of mind- reading. She operated on her lover, and discovered that he was going to kiss her, and the event showed that he was right. ++ A very loquacious lady calling one day to, consult her physician, talked on and on with such volubility that the latter could not set. a word iu edgeways. Growing impatient he at length told her to put out her tongue, which she did. He then said: " Now please keep it there till you have heard what I have get to say to 'you." 