A BABY SANTA' CLAUS. A STORY OF A CHRISTMAS RECONCILIATION. Eric Chesterton stood in tho typical English man's attitude on the hearthrug, studying its design with more earnestness than it seemed to deserve, seeing it had occupied exactly tho 'game position ever since they had married, rather more, than six years ago. \- ijut lie was quite tree to tmnlc. v lvicnne trusted him too absolutely to even want to know, before he was ready : and was too wise to worry him with elicitation, even the most sympathetic. She was one of those few women who can 'possess their souls in paticnce' when their husbands are pre-occupied ; she was quite able to sit still in her comfortable easy chair while he thought, without whirring away with those tiresome knitting needles, or rustling away to write invitation to an ' at home' in a lit of pique, because he' wasn't talking to her. And by-and-by he spoke. 'I met Fortcscue to-day, Vivienne. He saw Charlie' last week, and says he never met anyone so altered. He seems to walk through life like au automatic machine — he looks an absolutely pulseless statue. He never smiles. ' Fortescue happened to call about some land | transfer he wanted, or else he hadn't seen him since lie saw him off to India, and couldn't imagine what had happened. When they had done business Charlie rang the bell, and handed him over to old Harris just as he would have done a~ stranger. But Harris knew Fortescue when we were all children together, and when he had got him safely out of earshot of 'Charlie's study, Fortescue says he thought the poor old fellow would have wept upon his shoulder. ' He could not do enough to provide for him, but fairly broke down when he said, ' Oh, but, Mr. Fortescue sir — the last time you were here was the night of the ball before Mr. Charles went away. And Lady Edith was here, too, so beautiful and queenly, and Mr. Charles was that proud of her he could scarcely take his eyes off her. And-.everyone said what a splendid couple they would make — they seemed to match so well. And to think that it. was here— here in his own house, just where she was to be mistress within a year that he should have himself introduced Lord Greystones to her. ' ' Ana now, sir — more than half the house is shut up — not since lie came home have we had any ladies to stay in the house even to dinner — not even the family ladies. Mr. Kenneth won't come back Mr. Charles won't see his wife, As for Christmas— why, there hasn't been a Christ mas here since the old master died. The turkeys and such-like are given away by the agent just the same, but as far as party — well, well, for anything or anybody in the house it ain't to be thought of !' ' As Fortcscue says, it seems terrible that a sorrow, however great, should be allowed not only to entirely wreck a man's career, but also to completely deaden his whole nature — his1' real self, as it were. But I can't think what to do ! Every effort I have made hitherto has been perfectly fruitless.' ' I don't know what we conld do either, dear,' said Vivinne. 'Just now he seems entirely beyond- us. And yet,' I don't know,' she went on slowly, as though 'thinking aloud a new idea', ' and yet I don't know whether our little Esca might not perhaps succeed where we fail. Could the most hardened misanthrope resist her, do ypu think ? Or is it only ' mother-blindness' that makes us think her such a darling ?' This sorrow of Charlie's has been the one shadow of their married life. Until lie went abroad nothing had ever jarred the perfect, sympathy between the two brothers. Long ago, as little children, the big, high-spirited, riotous Charlie and the quiet, large-eyed younger brother had been inseparable, and had maintained a ' chum-ship' to which the usual brotherly tiffs were entirely foreign. So different, each seemed the complement of the other's nature. And when Charles went to India for a year, Eric was read ing hard and successfully for the Bar, and both were engaged to two sisters as different as them selves. . Edith was queenly and altogether glorious in womanly physique ; Yivinne, a little younger — a dainty, playful morsel distinctly, cleverly humorous beyond the average of even cultured . woman, yet with a rich fund of tender sympathy and earnest purpose that was always ' within call,' if not always overflowing about insufficient matters. , Then Lorcl Greystones had courted Edith and won her away from her absent lover. He had 'come home as absolutely different from the Charles who sailed as could possibly be. Never even to Eric had he alluded to the dream that had vanished — the dream that, discovering it to be only a dream, had so completely wrecked and shattered all the love and trust of a richly generous and impulsive nature. ''? Too proud to accept pity, too reserved to court sympathy, too thoroughly a gentleman- to sneer, yet at one wrench lie uprooted all regard and love of womanhood. He politely declined Eric's call to his wedding, and entirely ignored the existence of his wile — the sister of the woman who had been faithless to him. Very rarely now did Eric and his wife allude to it between them selves, but both knew it as an ever-present sorrow, though they recognised their impotence to help in it. :. ' How could our Esca do it, dearest',?' Eric asked. ' She's very young — scarcely five.' ' Yes, I know. But she can sing lier dear j little hymn through without a ghost of ' out-of- i tuneness and if I could only make her under- ] stand what she had to do, I'm certain I could _ trust her to do it. She has never had the j slightest rebuff, so she wouldn't, feel the least ' shyness of it ; indeed, I don't think she would accept anything as a rebuff, sho is . so entirely confiding and trustful. And her dear imagin ative little spirit is so full just now of the Christ mas Child that she would be telling her uncle stories about it before he knew where he was.'^ ^ ' Poor little soul ! But what do you mean her to do, Vivienne p' ' I mean her to go and be Santa Claus to Uncle - ' Charlie. She shall bring him here to dinner oh Christmas Day. You must take her to the house and then run away and leave her, and she muft do the rest. Send a note to old Harris at the same time, to tell him what we are doing, ? and to let him know exactly what to do with her supposing it should fail. .But it won't fail ; I feel convinced that, it won't !' . '?But think of the.poor little mite ! Entirely away from everyone she knows— loft there, late at night, when she is used to being asleep. And if he should he savage to her— it would terrify her past recovery !' Yes — if ! But he won't. He is too essen tially a gentlemau to bo savage ! And no one pretends to say that he is ever anytliing but frigidly polite, which she would simply construe as so mucn ine more opportunity lor herself to talk. No : it will be terrible tor]ct her go, and leave her there ; but I feel sure you can safely trust her when she understands what she has to' do. 1 wonder if he will think her like Edith ; most people do, only her eyes are bigger and browner, and more wondering.' ' Well, 'we'll try it if you think it won't hurt, her. It would be worth a great deal to succeed.' Christmas eve was clear and frosty, with snow deep enough to deaden all sounds of wheels along the country lanes of ? . . Inside a well-appointed brougham were Eric and Vivienne together with their little daughter ? Esca. Vivienne was woman enough not tp- ' back out at the last moment, but she also was mother enough to very much want to. ' Not shy, my dearie, are you ? Run straight in quick, and play hide-and-seek everywhere till you find Uncle Charlie, and tell him you are his Santa Claris come to fetch him to come and look at the Santa Claus surprises you have got for him.' Half-way up the park the brougham stopped, and mother held the little white bundle very tight in her arms for a riioment, and then rolled her into daddy's arms, and sat very still in .the carriage with two eyes that shone very bright., But if the tear-drops fell, there was no one but ?' the angels to see ; and' when angels see the shine of love and prayers in tears, they say somctliing quite different from the commonplace ejaculations of '^Weakemotionalism,' 'Mere sensationalism,' ' Conventional hysteria.' And, treading noiselessly the old familiar way, Daddy carried the little girlie in his arms, where she lay very comfortably, looking up at the star spangled sky, and humming her ' Twinkle, twinkle, little star,' as she enjoyed the poetry of a night sky she very rarely saw. It was a typical Christmas sky, full of stars, heralding the birth,, of the Prince of Peace and the Child of Love,, as He makes His holy advent every Christmas Eve in kith-and-kin reconciliations arid kindly deeds of love. , V ery soon Jiric reached the flight of brond stone steps, and held her iri his arms while he yearned to the Great Originator of Christmas to whisper Love into the world again through 'the little maid that was carrying the Christrhas message. Then he put her down by the big front door, and taking out a latch key that he had never used since his wedding day, he opened it very gently and lifted her into the warm, softly-liglited hall, and whispered quite gaily, 'Now run and find Uncle Charlie, arid give, him lots of Christmas kisses, and these lovely violets from mother. I expect he will be in there,' pointing to the library door. In a moment he was round at the window of the butler's pantry, giving a whistle that lie knew old Harris would recognise out of a thousand. In another moment the shutters were drawn, and the window thrown up, and the grey headed old man thrust both hands ' through the bars, almost shouting in his excite ment, 'Mr. Eric, dear lad !' ' Hush, Harris ! Look 'here, my little girlie is in the house looking for her Uncle Charlie. I've just let her in with my old latch-key. Only, Harris, for heaven's sake don't let anything frighten her ; if things go wrong send for me. I've written down here where to find me, but you needn't open the letter unless it is necessary, in case of Charlie asking you questions. . Good-' bye, old fellow !'— and he was gone, leaving the old man rubbing his eyes, and running his fingers through what little hair he could find, to convince himself that he wasn't asleep — no, nor dreaming — and, finally, that it was Mr. Ej'ic's real self, and not his ghost. Charles Chesterton was sitting in the library as usual. It was his rule to sit- there each evening from G till 8, reading and writing, and he was still there to-night. Why shouldn't ,he be ? It was Christinas Eve, of course, but what was that to him ? Why should Christmas Eve throw him out of his regular ways ? — it was nothing to him. What difference did Christmas make ? That was just what he was asking himself as he sat there, with his book on his knee, face downwards, for lie wasn't reading ! Christmas seemed to mean a good deal to most of his men, he noticed ; they had all seemed full enough of it when he paid them their Saturday wages (with a little extra) on Thursday morning ; and he had seen several of them that afternoon, shopping with tlieir wives in the village, with parcels of such ? varied shape that they proclaimed emphatically that Christmas meant a good deal to them. But y it didn't to him ; there,, was no one to make Christmas seem Christmas to him! There was 110 one to make Christmas seem Christmas to — except as far as the few paltry regulation , gifts was concerned. There might have been — and his face grew hard as he thought — and then the house would have been home, arrd Christmas wpuld have been Christmas ; but now ? But that was all over — over long ago ; and life has been deadened ever since. The choristers had been down singing carols that seemed to bring back each separate Christmas of his life in a flood of memories. He had sent word down to the cook that they were , to have-.a good supper. 'And now they were gone, and the singing was ovei*, and only an empty silence was left. And he sat there dream ing ot the emptiness and the silence while stray lines from their carols kept floating across and. across their dream — ^ A little child with a heart 85 large It takes tho whole world in. The door handle twisted — he was sure he was dreaming — what was that creature 1 — a live snowball — a fairy — an angel — a what? How on earth did she come ? , . But there was no time to wonder more. ' A . great rush of bounding pulsing life threw itself . upon him with a great exuberance of joy. ' ' ' Uncle Charlie, my Uncle Charlie, lots. -of Christmas kisses, and mummic sent you ?tlresc.'' | Her arms were round his rieclc ; how she got i np there' he never knew, but- there she was, | smothering him with kisses, and he couldn't I feel anything but soft check and white fur, | something like a purring kitten, lie thought, | submitting helplessly to being choked and II generally rumpled up, feeling in a very 1 unaccustomed fashion that lie was by no means I master of the situation. / 1 , At last, feeling very much like a Newfound H jjJand dog shaking a mouse, he caught ^her and ^Jjjfreed his head as he held her out at arm's length H YtoVlook at her. I ) ' Oh, ilo let mo give you some more, Uncle I Charlie— I've been making kisses for you .all day, | and I've got lots ready,'' and the two little arms kept reaching out to try and catch that big head that would keep just beyond their reach. 'But stop a minute. I want to look at you. Who arc you ? and where do you caine from ? Arc you -It white furry monkey, or a white woolly bear ? Here, stand down a minute, and let me look at yon,' putting her down on the hearthrug in front of him. Even as lie spoke, he noticed that there was something the matter with his voice ; it was not his at all, ho thought ; stern and still and measured, but young and (could it be ?) — well, it sounded positively playful ! ' I'm not a white furry monkey, and I'm notja white woolly bear. Mother says I'm a Christ mas angel, and' I expect she gave me all this white fur because my feathery wings wasn't ready. Mother says there are lots of angels, Christmas L angels, and some of them does have wings and H some of them doesn't, but they all of them has . has to carry messages. whevver or not. ' And my muminie says I'm to give you lots of kisses and loves, and that then you're to give me some supper and put me to bed, and that you must be sure to hear me say my prayer and sing my hymn, and then to-morrow you're to 1 ? take me home again, and have dinner with us, and come and see my dolly's .house and all the things Santa Claus lias brought for me, and all the surprises he has brought for you as well, 'cause mummie says lie has left all your surprises at my daddy's house for you this Christmas time. ' And, Uncle Charlie, I want to know, do you think Santa Claus will come down your chimney here to bring me my surprises, or will he forget and take them all to my daddy's house ? 'Cause if he's coming here 1 had better hang up iny stocking all ready for him, hadn't I ? You'll show me where, won't you, - my Uncle Charlie ? Only if he forgets that I am here, and doesn't bring the surprises here for me, ? I think it will be rather dull, when I wake up, and find he didn't come, won't it 1' f/ ' It would, indeed. But I should think Santa Claus would have sense enough to find out that you're here, and to leave the surprises in the right place,' looking furtively round as ho ' spoke to see what in the- name of wonder he could find that would answer as Santa Claus surprises. s ' ' Have sense enough' doesn't seem a very respectful way to talk 'bout angels ; and Santa Claus is an angel, you know, so you'd better not offend him, or perhaps he won't bring you things and come and see you ; and mummie says peoples is very sure to be' very unhappy that doesn't have no Christmas .angels to come and see them. But don't you fink it's time you gived me some supper, 'cause I do feel so hungry ?' „ It never occurred to„the master of the house, 8 who generally reigned in undisputed sway,' that there was anything to do in the matter but ' to submit to the inevitable' and accept tho pro gramme the baby beforo him dictated. Ho couldn't do anything else, he didn't know how to ; and, as a matter of fact, he was too interested in the present to be at all curious either as to past or future. He vaguely realised that he couldn't dispute with her ; sarcasm and frigidity were not fit weapons to fight her with, and he was taken so at unawares that lie had no time to get others ; in his heart he was glad he liadn't. He would have fought if he had been prepared, but now he had a justifiable reason for giving in. ' Yes, of course. ' Shall ' I take off that big coat ? — let me try ! What a dear- little snowball you look ! Did your mother dress you like this : on purpose to bewitch me'?'. i. And the big white . fur pelisse and bonnet I. (with the aureole of wayward golden curls), aiid ^ the white shoes ? and gaiters, and gloves made her a very fascinating Christinas ' Baby Angel ; but when he gently disentangled her from ? all lier big covers, and saw her standing there in little white shoes and open-worked socks, and a dainty little white silk frock with its fluffy lace frill round the neck, and its dainty pinafore, with her plump little neck and aims bare,, and all the bewildering tangle of curls set free, somehow, ! before he knew it, he had caught her up again ' to take his turn at the kissing. , j And mother would have felt rewarded for j hours of stitching — each stitch stitching in a . prayer and a pulse of love as she had sat . long the night! before trying to finish it to help for ward the workings of the Christmas plot — if she j could have seen them then. , ? - Just then old Harris announced, ' Dinner is . served, sir,' and for a moment Uncle Charlie,, felt disconcerted. Harris lifted up his hands in ' ?well-feigned astonishment, and Uncle Charlie rather sheepishly inquired who had let the child In. ?'No one, sir, I'll be bound!' said the old man. ' But bless me, sir, if it ain't Mr. Eric's . i little one — she's that like him. How did you ' { get here, my dearie ; how did you come ?' ! * ' ' My daddy brought me, and he let me come in, and told me to come and find my Uncle j Charlie ; that's 'how I came ! But now I want , my supper.'' % ! ' But wliere's your daddy now, my dear ; j where did he go V' j ' Oh, he's gone home with mummie — but I do want my supper.' ' Have you any orders about her, sir ?' '? No. She can't be sent home at this timg of night. . She will have to stay, I suppose.' And he lifted her high on his shoulders and ?walked off to the dining-rooin. He didn't eat much dinner, for he could hardly .take his eyes j . off -the little one beside him. He was so anxious I lest he should give her tho wrong food, lest, she j should eat too much, lest he should give her too I little. j And very soon they went back to the library, atid Uncle Charlie found the 'putting to , bed dilemma' confronting him with great solemnity. He consulted Harris, and finally decided on drawing a SGfa close to his bedside, and. making it comfortable with cushions. Harris just ventured to suggest that perhaps cook would know how to undress lier, and would have her j in bed with her, but Unele Charlie glowered at Iiim, and remarked, ' She'll sleep with no one ] r ? but me, thank you.' Esca, who had been iilcditating' quietly, with her fist cuddling the foot of a crossed knee,| thought this too . hard on the old man, and climaxed the situation ,by saying to him in a confidential aside, I shall be able to teach him, you know. I dare say hc'JI soon learn. ? Ihc long latent sense of humour was aroused, and old Harris had the joy of hearing his . master laugh as he had not laughed for years, and as he had ceased to hope ever to hear him laugh again. At last the two men succeeded in building a bed that the damsel was pleased to approve, and Uncle Charlie sat d9wn to undress her. But noyv the nightgown difficulty had to be settled, and it seemed much more serious. After various suggestions that slio promptly repudiated, Harris was despatched to try and borrow one from the gardener's or the coachman's wife, while Uuclc Charlie set himself to grapple with the strings and buttons of a baby that would romp. But ater a while the little petticoats and socks wore drawn off, and she grew quiet and dreamy sitting there in his arms before the file waiting for a nightgown. She was ^ like a kaleidoscope to him in her quick variations of mood and manner. Now a riotous romp, smothering him with hugs and kisses ; now over joyed with fun and mischief at his mistakes and dilemma ; now laughing with witching merriment as she made him play' hide and seek' with her ; then snuggling close into his arms and whispering with touching wistfulness, 'Wouldn't it bo nice if my daddy and mummie were here, too, Uncle. Charlie ?' then looking through him with big, rapt eyes all closed to everything but those clear visions so freely given to the pure in heart, but only to them. Presently she insisted on his drawing the curtains, and shutters, and lowering the gas, so that she could see the stars. And lie rolled her up in a big wrap and went and sat where she could lie in his arms and look out at the stars at the same time. Every moment she seemed to grow tenderer and sweeter, and presently she knelt up on his knee, and putting her arms round his neck began to say her prayer — ' Pray God, bless my dear daddy and mummie, and my baby brother, and my Uncle Charlie, and — ^ right on for ' kind friends,' and ' little children,1 and ' poor people, and all the doggies and dicky-birdies,' &c.; A little child with a heart so large It talces the whole world in. came floating across his memory again out of the sarol the choristers had been singing, and at all events it made him feel warmer to know that there was room for him in that little child s big heart. - ' My Uncle Charlie, I want you to show me which is the ' Guiding Star.' ' 'He was getting into a confusion about Christ mas angels and Christmas stars and Christmas Children. He thought within himself that he was holding the ' Guiding Star,' in his arms. ' Now, shall I sing my hymn about' tho Christmas Baby Boy. And quite true and steady the little voice ? began and held on its way through, the dear old jarol — x . - - - dome to.the manger of Bethlehem ; . ' A sweet child lies therein. i holy child came down to earth .- To save the world from sin. ... A. little child with a heart so large It takes the whole world in. But the heart of the world is far too small i To take in tliafc little child ; It sends Him away ; there is no room . For His face, so sweet and mild, rhey would turn Him out if they o jly could To the storms so rude and wild.t- Come to the manger of Bethlehem ; Never mind the frost and the snow. We will think of the child, and tlye thought of Him Shall warm us as we go, We will kiss His holy hands and feet ? ' Almost as she sang the last lines in her quaint baby's voice little Esca fell asleep. Somehow the 'anger and the bitterness died out, of Charles Chesterton's heart as he sat there gazing out into tho Christmas night with that baby-heart pulsing warmly against his in its quiet sleep. Ho found there was love in his heart after all ; he had thought it crushed Out [or ever, but it was still there, and where love is God is ; for love is God, and where love is there is the power to forgive. Ay, even Lord Grey stones and the woman who hadvbroken her troth to him. Presently old Harris came back bringing the borrowed nightgown that belonged to the gardener's little girl, and Uncle Charlie said, il You can bring my coffee up here— I shan't come down to the library again.' And the old man left him to nurse the sleep ing child— to dt-earu, out his dreams, and to fight out his battles. And when the midnight bells Aimed out, they chimed on the old, old story told anew of ' Peace on earth' goodwill among men. Presently she stirred, and Uncle Charlie had to learn by experiment how to put a baby'into a nightgown. But he did it successfully, and laid her down in her improvised bed, and hunted up Santa Claus surprises ready for the morning. Not very long after, he had just settled down himself, but was still awake wondering if the child was sleeping properly, when he felt some thing scrambling about his bed, and finding the whereabouts of his face at last, two little hands pulled at the clothes to make a way in, and the little voice whispered, 'My Uncle Charlie,. I think I feel lonely here all by myself, I think I should be nicer in your big bed.' By no, means unwilling, lie helped her find the way in, and she snuggled down in his arms saying, ' There, now, that's nicc 'nd comfy. Have you seen Santa Claus come yet, my Uncle Charlie?' and went to sleep till, morning. Christmas morning dawned. And Uncle Charlie woke to find his little Christmas angel dancing round and round the three sides of the big he'd brandishing a tall peacock's feather in each hand, and shouting, ' I'm so happy, I'm so happy,' to a little tune of her own ' imposing,' the little bare toes keeping'' up a pas de sen! of their own, that was none the less fascinating because it was untutored. And much was the rioting and romping before either the man or the little child was ready for the break fast old Harris had set ready. ;| And after breakfast they went home, 'a**? Vivienne and Eric had tact enough to tnko^ all as a matter of course, and in all the fun aarj frolic of the children's ' merry Ohristmasinji j Unclp Charlie seemed to slip back into his -j-j self. . , '-'1 , After tea, when it was getting near the snojil ball's bedtime, he aslced Vivienne to sing t-£] old carols again. 'Aj And Eric and Vivienne were satisfied wity the full fruition of their plan. 1 ' ? ? . ' ' ? I A well dressed young woman in Buffalo! recently entered the police stntion, having in charge a drunken Indian, whom she had found! on the street, and whose hands had been aeoured with her belt. ; An infant boy in an Arkansas town having | died without medical attendance, a coroner's 1 inquest was necessary. Tho age of tho child i was ten months, and the coroner's certificate '! stated that tho deceased was unmarried, and that his occupation was ' keeping his parents awake at night.' V . 1 . 