A CUNNING: PANTHER., ~ Captain C, J. Mellins, 9th Regiment Bombay Infantry, a well known liuut»r of. big game, has an euUrlainiag paper in- the November ' boriborr '' on panther shootiag in Central India. He has a good deal to layabout a. panther of diabolical ouuniag.and iusatiablo appetite.' ' ' For one whole year, ho| eays, did I hunHho fiend. Innumerable were the if oats I tied no as. bait for him, and unflagging waa the blood- . thiratyneis with wbioh he responded by mui- deriag and devouring them. Innumerable were 'the days I toiled and clambered under blazing ' hot noooday suno over rooka and boulderi, and through Ihe juagie of the hillside, trying to get him; innumerable were the weary hoars I passed on ttoonligbt nights, up trees watching over a.goat's murdered remains. All in vain, neither by, day nor by!:' night would he come, .fie -had taken a most. oae-sidtd view of the game. Properly, after devouring one of my goat^,;he should iu return have allowed himself toia found , Gorged near tho Spot the, ft$£t day, and to be' diivtm toward me by the^e&ters; ; but he had no truersense of sporb. While J. gasped under a .sweltering sun; fruit lessly punting for him umoiig the nullaba (ruviabs), or sitting upon a hot bbuider of blaok rocit with the sun broiling my braiuabeueath my sbikax-tepae, awaited bis , coming in the beat, ' he must havo been curled up peacefully napping in soma distant shady spot, or licking his ohops in amused reflection at the sport he was afford ing mo;. Doubtless, too, he must have watched at- amid the swaying branohes of the slender bastard teak-tree in _ Many au all- night sitting by moonlight watching for. him, and then de parted, canoludiag that it would be wiser to postpone Unisbiag the remains of the goat until I should have taken myself off. . It seemed e--, for as surely as I did not sit up over the'reaiains ol ms *111, so sureiy aia ne return io ic cnac night; , r_ ~ 1 mast coofoss, howeveri. ho . gave me thr^e chances at an early stage of. our acquaintance^ Ono afternoon I was watching from a tree over the ropmias of a goat he had killed tha: night baforoi It was early in the rains, the day had been a-'ahowery one, and the suu. shone with but a pleasant warmth. Thero was aatirand freah«- neai^ln the jungle about me, Animal and vegetable life seomod to . rejoioe. in the a&lva;*! tiou.^e blessed rains had brought them, and at the ond of-tho fierco months ef drought; Bifctaoameand perched in the branches above me in the vory tree whero I eat, seeming to take ao notice of the motionless figure beneath them, and brightened the jungle for me with theirtwittcring. The nnQBUbl amount that the pHutter-had left of the goat sho wed that be had madehut a mild meal for him, and was doubt less tho cause of his arrival ao early in the afternoon ; or it may have been the heavy sho wers.hod disturbed him in his nap and the freshness of the air inclined him to stroll. Whatever the cause, he greatly surprised me by ajvery early arrival, and *. This is What Happened. ; It stjll wanted an hour or so to sunset. I had bico bf guiling tho timeby watchiug.tbe nervous .unties of tho two mongoose (wild brothers of Uudyard Kipling's famous Rikki-Tikki) about, tho carcase of the goat. Their first entrance on to the soene, on having winded the goat, waa - made with the ntmost oaution. ? , A. pair, of, ; pointed little noses, und twe pairs of sharp little ; eyes '^rst peeped out from behind somo bij istonas— slowly . the owners' of them emerged, every! hair of Itbeir quivering little bodies be* tokening the utmost sense of danger and aUit nesa. .Growing gradually bolder, they drew near the body, ever keeping the brightest .look*out - . - all.around, now and a^ain sitting up squirr*l-' ^tik'e, listening 'all: they knew and ' speering .jibout with the sharpest eyes fcr sight or sound of thelr.'?*dauk'erbttH ?; neighbours ; for well t^yi^ -i knew from whose meal they were. about to pilfer — thfrirkecn little noses, would toll them that. At length, the Hamptatien to feast growa too strong, and they would dive iasido the goat'* ribs to snatch a choice morsel, only to pop out the next, instant nil nerves and trepidation, and th?Q some imaginary ' alarm would fl#nd thooi scuttling i®to the bush, then back again pace more; thie bolder spirit first, more nervous watch* fulness' again yielding to the delight of another morsel/and so on, over and over again r I bad almost forgotten the panther in the amused in terest I was taking in tho quaint little creature* or otherwise ehouldhave paid more attention to the excited conversation that had been goit-c on among some birds in a tree not far off. Thuf | Birds and Monkeys will often Warn 1 the juuglcr of tho approach of a Tiger— tt«-j latter- espooially take, every opportunity to ox» press by loud hooting the intsnalty of their feel ings ut': tho hated presence of, either of thaj ? dread, beings, of -their juogleo, I havo heard,] too, that peculiar -bark *f the aambar stugi sound again and again in the night-air froifij out of the dark jungles oo the banks of the N^r-f budda, as ho sends out a warniug to his klnd| that ? Murderous 'Stripes' is Stalking Nets. ^ , But to return t« the panther.. The mongoose, had grown more confident and their serves less ' jumpy, n when something caused me to look, down^ Th^re, some eight feet below me, al most at th« foot of my tree, stood tho panther, | a very big fellow, in all the jungle splendour of bis shining yellow coat and' rich, black rcnIeUes... With eyes fixed -on. the. xnou?! goose, he' atood peifeotly -motionless} , save .for a gentle- swaying of the end' of bis tail; his right forearm advanced and! .. head held; forward- below the lino of his back;, be looked tho. very petrification, of beautiful, remorseless strength about, to work its cruel : will; ? _'? ? ? i .. Tlietwotipy thievea wae jueta^'that motoeut. much engrossed with th-*. 7iew of the goat's in- ?. side, peoriag about for another tit-bit. Fa*cia-! ated.: by' the boauty of thepanther aad interested': to boo what, would happen, 1 could- not; spoilt the.pioture by firing. After a moment's pause' the panther made a. move forward— then a couple of sileut bounds. It was the olosest thing1 —only just in. timo the moogoose | Whiskc^, themselves off like Ughtniog1, 'u j and fled squeaking ^nto the bush. The panther disappeared rfter them, but tho next moment., his yellow form Stepped out .from the green againinfio the ope^. Uufortuuately his pursuit, of t^-^mongo'ose had taken him up hill, tEiua , '? - ' bringing . him oh ?a level with 'tb.o \loV fork of ? . r tho^tr^e'lia which I sat. Hia quick *yo caught ?' sight-/$f.me.instaatly,. andhp atoppeti, looking up i^t;-ap. Flurried by tho idea 'that Le would . vanxsg qn tha instant, f I threw dp. my rifle and: fired Without aim; Something yellow flashed intqthebuaheaiusilonco. Mused! i ; I had, indecd. raade a muddle of it in,ny- desire to flfcudy- natural, history. . Thtf u$xt;tim6 we. met night woa.coming on^.. rain wa« falling, and I sat drenched and miser able up, a tree ag^in. Suddenly, .out qfthc. darktuiB0/he,6talked,:a dim. grey shadow, on t-i- ' ihe scene, - My rifle rang out-?the groyahadon, vanished— micaed again 1 Tho third time it waa aghin night, but there was a full xhoou^ lam po'roHed in: a tree amid thick junglo high upon the hiltside near the crust, whence I have a widoY view, of a beautiful moonlit landscape lying beneath me. Suddenly, witbeat a sound, . ? ' A ipilvory Pauthvr, or the Ghost ot oae(- 1 , giidjas. softly aaroia the opon. patch.-of mboD-, light, where the.pmtly-devouiod gojit lay— it?., form^silhouetted ia virid whiteness against the black shadoof tbe-surroupding, bush '? Canjt' mis^.this tirnu,' I thought, as llsv^llcd.my rifle ut him.. But I did ; and let ouly tl oao irlio ' know -what it Ib to aim by moonlight cast the flrat dtopi. At last hie fate overtook him. ' . ^ ««.' ? V'1, Prinltd ia New South WaUo. 