THE JUDGE SUMMING DP. Mr Justice Simpson commenced his sum TOin' up at a qoarter to three o'clock. He pointed out that though it might seem strange it was quite open to the jury to find against the respondent on the issue of adultery, but still not against the core spondent. TSever suree he had been sitting in the Divorce Court had he presided over acase. in which a respondent, the alleged ?Tjilly woman, had been called as a. wit ness and admitted her adultery in order to trv to prove the. adultery against the co respondent If in this case the jury con scientiously believed the respondent to be a witness of the truth ttey should find a verdict ir. favour of the petitioner «ven if she stood alone. The absolutely unsup ported evidence of one witness, if accepted as true, must carry more weight than that of twenty or thirty on the other side -whose testimony seemed open to doubt. The jury did not require to be absolutely certain of the guilt of the cespondent ni til the corespondent, Decausc cnai wuuiu be impossible without ocular proof. The law merely required that jurors, exercis in-' tlie faculties God had given them, sliould feel satisfied of the guilt of the ac i used as reasonable men. In this case be thought it would be impossible for them to find against the respondent without also Ending against the co-respondent It would be just as serious for the corespon ileiit if they found against Mrs. Coning ham, but not against him. The question had been raised as to absolution. There was no dcv.bt if what the petitioner said was true, if there was such a doctrine in the Church of Home, it was most dreadful. \- onld they believe that in any chnrcu there ccuM be a doctrine by which a man could commit t-doltery on Monday, confess and receive absolution on Friday, and then go into the witness box and swear he never eoimnirted adultery at all because he been absolved : And yet that was what the petitioner said was the doctrine of ihe Cuurc!i of liome. Dr. O'Haran said there was mi such doctrine. The jury would remember that Father Creegan brought his own little Bibb- to be sworn on, while Car dinal Morau, Dr. O'Haran, and Father liyrnc lasted the Protestant Bible. SOU Dr. O'Haran said thai the latter was oath biuding on tlie conscience, sltbongh a. l.ainouc Dloie wouin ue preierrcu. f Kkutrr Creegan was asked whether after absolu tion it was considered there had been no sin. Ilie witness said no, but that was hardly consistent with Dr. O'Haran's state incnt. The co-respondent said il a man. got absolution from the Church of Home ami the sin was forgi\\*en it was wiped out. ** Though your sins be as scarlet thev slvJl be v.bitc as snow.' But between the tM.o churches of England and Borne there vas in tLe estimation of some people a dif fercD-je on the question of absolution by the piest. If thev read the passages in ' the l-i'glisb Prayer Book for the visitation of the sick, they would see that if the £i& man were moved to make a confession the priest war. to say, ' I absolve thee from ail tin- sins in the name of the Father, tbe Son, and tlir Holy Ghost.' Having quoted from tlio evidence concerning the doctrine of tlie Cln.-n.-h of Rome as to forgiveness of sins, His Uonour asked if there wa* any thing wron:; with that j Was it not tbe dortiinc of Christianity t If the sin were forgiven it was blotted' out. It would be a lirtnulful thing if God forgave a sia and His Honour had not concluded h'S sum mill' up at the rising of the Court The ease was adjourned till to morrow, I he jury being allowed to go to their homes, as they have been all through the hear ing. 