BY MRS C. K. WILLIAMSON. Author of "His Grace,” "The Secret of l t,le Ponr)s,""The House by tlie Loch,” j, ''Queen Sweetheart," “A Man from the 1 ®ark>” "Fortune’s Sport," “The News I paper Girl," Etc. il-:,. ' -- DHAPTEK IV,—the convent op THE SACKED ISLAND. "I am waiting for.-you, Paul," said the Unnoter of Falconberg. (Then this lato Visit had been expected, was the thought Shat flitted through Mary's brain. If only She had known!) "Sol" and the Prince's eyes lightened. "You have found tho lost one,'' I have brought her back to you from another s mail's arms - you eon guess svhose but not In time to prevent a •scandal for your family,” said the rasping Voice, of Paul von Kornls, as he roughly Sanded the half-falntlng girl to her step sather. Your servants and mine saw the 'Interrupted elopement. The porter and ■inis wife had. been ,beguiling their hours i .i» 11,1 tor my oom|hff by entertaining Visitors. Those visitors saw also. This •no the end of the affair for me; The lady .would have none of me at tlrst. Now I fliViJi have none of her. Tongues shan't Wag1, and eyes look askance when my wife ^appearsj I wish you joy of your’ step * Slaughter, Huijo—the Princess joy of her ‘tfhlld. And since the*motive for my visit ■Has now disappeared, I won't incon venience you-with my presence. You’ll •fee in no mood for entertaining Kuestn, nor $ for entertainment; so good-night.” JVith this, he went clown the stone steps .Which he had just ascended,'fthd springing ■into hla carriage again, gave his,attentive footman the signal to be off. _ The door of the house shut heavily, and j-Sary was alone with her step- father —• ?or there were no servants in die great. Qim hall. '"So, you have disgraced me!” he said, holding her in front of him, a merciless Brasp on epch slender arm. “It was known that you had gone. Your mother's maid discovered your absence; but we suspected nothing half so bad as this. You Uo credit to your English training. Was1 It there, in England, that you learnt the arts of trickery and.deceit?” 'There ls nothlng bad to suspect!", the Slrl protested, "I was'going to the Em bassy. ‘You and my mother have been cruel. I could bear it no longer. It was not Mr Tristram's fault. I—I sent for '■You sent for him—shameless one! But this Is for your mother to deal with. Thank Heaven, you are no child of mine." "I thank Heaven too," sobbed Mary. “My father loved me. He was just and Iclnd. He would have believed no evil Of his daughter. As for my mother-" “As for your mother — wlmt of her?” The voice of the Princess caught up the words: the heavy slllc of tho. Princess’ gown rustled along the stone floor. With a sudden, desperate impulse, Mary Snatched herself free from the man's Tough grasp,1 and flew to the woman, who stool , tall, motionless, majestic, at the foot of the wide stairway. "O mother, jnother!” she cried, “if there's any 'love left Jh your heart for me, bo kind to me Slow.' 1 Cruel things have been said—lior rible Things, that I hardly understand — hut I know that I don't deserve them. KYon’t you help me? .Won't ypu bolleye .vyjlrilj'jf(tell you? You .are the only one I Have fn'tlie'whole World.’-’ , “Let my dress go!” said the Princess. Silly. “Yoji ■ are like a mad creature — sfrid madness would be the only excuse for what you have done—leaving your room by the window, at midnight, rousing the household, and causing a scandal-" “If that were the only scandal. Kathe rine!” exclaimed the Prince. And then, with accusations that seemed to drain Mary Desmond's heart of its life blood, ho explained, according to Count von Kornls's interpretation, the girl's flight and her return. Princess Falconberg listened to the end, in silence,' her. lips tense, her eyes fixed on the speaker. But at length, When the last Indictment had been made, she turned to let loose her long repressed passion with a switt, fierce blow. Her strong white hand smote Mary' across the cheek, leaving Its Irn * press in scarlet. ' But though the girl tottered she recovered herself, and stood fcrect, her blood turned to flame, her eyes biasing jewels. No longer^ broken lor afraid, all the tempestuous pride of ther'father’s race on fire, she faced the beautiful, white woman, like a youthful flucen. (1 '‘You are no true mother," she said, In B low, strained voice, that rang more clearly,through the great hall than the loud'menace of the Prince's tones. “If iyou ' were—If you had ever loved me— jyou would not listen to such words spo ken of your daughter. It is that man you should have struck, not me, for through mo ho has Insulted you, since we aro of the same blood. I canuot ft trike him, If I would. But I can leave •bis house and yours. After this night I t oBk of Heaven that I need never look upon his. face again.” VI wonder that you clare take the name . ,£t Heaven on your Ups.” said the Frin teess,. ‘'after the scandal you have drag ged into an honorable family, the ruin ■ you-have wrought. for yourself. You, ... Who would have repulsed one of the no il«st U>en In the Empire, to steal off by f'' tnf&hT; 'wlth.'a' penniless nobody! ”,,Who Would believe a foolish tale about ‘your '• -'.{friendship.* and Embassy? Ah, it floes not bear .thinking,of ! You shall > 'have your wish.' After to-night, you nhuli leave this house, you shall never • look upon our faces again. Henceforth, 'Sfoii are dead to tho,world.” • “What do you mean?" the girl a tarn? mered, chilled by the words, appalled by. jth'e look on her mother's face. “You have forfeited the right to ques 1 iion our authority, if you ever had It,” /■' Prince .Falconberg answered for his ,' Wife.■•'•“When it Is tlnt'o for you,to hear What penalty you liave brought' uiion • yourself you' shall hearit,-but thsit tinte 5s not nbw. " Go -to your'room. . The^e Is ho fear of your leaving tt ns you left it last.” "I will not bo," Mary cried. - I' can not stay In thin house to-night. I-—-” ."Katherine!” murmured" the Prince. 'fThe beautiful cold eyes read hia, and the pfnan and woman together caught the girl by the. arms, forcing her toward* itho ntulra. • Mary resisted :no longer, for It was better to go oil of her own ac jeord than bo compelled to yield, like a .rebellious child. At the, door of her Sroom'they left her, and she heard the ikey turned on the outside, as she passed .Unhesitatingly in. Both windows were fastened down w^th nails now, and if she had wished to try the experiment of •/escape again, she would have found hor .nplf hopelessly a-prisonor; but thure was mo longer any thought of escape In her inlntt. She did not knpvy what was to be done with her, but feeling was numb.-, .led. If It. w;ere true that tho -worlij ,would Tthlnk of lier.as these’ two men and this j :Wornan thought,,It were better ,thatshe i •idled. . . " ■' ’v S'ho' girl did not' undress, nor try to j sleep, but cat in a deep, old-fash ioflOd chair by the fireside, her eyes fixed un fttclngly on the fading embers that strewed the hearth, until long after they hud turned from red to feathery grey. She thought a great deal about Trist ram, wondering at what Roomed like de sertion, when he had done so much; and as tlu* dawn came at last, hope'revived faintly, vaguely—for he would not vol untarily have failed her; so was it not possible that he had been actuated by some subtle motive, that he might mean to help her even yet? There was a clock on the mantel, and as it struck eight In the morning, Prin cess Fnlconbcrg unlocked and opened the door. Behind her came Matthilde with a steaming cup of coffee. “You are to drink this,’’ said the Princess. “Matthilde, you can go.” The door softly closed again; mother and daughter were alone together. Un der the merciless, waiting gane, Mary lifted the cup, and drank its contents, almost ready to wish that there were poison In tlie draught. When she had finished the Princess spoke. “Father Augustin is hero. We sent for him. He has been told all, and has given Ills advice. It accords with tlic idea for your future that came to me Just night. Nothing can undo what has \ passed, In (he eyes of society, but the penance.of your whole life to Come may appease Heaven. He wishes to speak with you, and has asked me to prepare your mind. Are you ready?*’ “Yes,” said Mary. She was very cold. The fire had died down hours ago, and there was a frosty chill in the room, Her face was white as the snow softly fall ing outside the locked windows, and the coffee she had been ordered to drink had seemed to impart no warmth. BUt, though she trembled slightly with cold', and the excitement of suspense, she Was' scarcely conscious of physical discom “Very well. You cannot go to the Father. . He will come to you." Princess Fnleonberg’s dress ru3tlcd daintily as she moved away, and the 1 sound jarred upon the girl’s nerves. A moment more, and she raised her eyes to the haggard beauty of the priest's dark face. It was true that she had joined tlie ; church of her father's people, For once, i gossip ’liad not lied. If she would be ! “converted,” she might hope to win her mother’s love, she had been told, when first she came to Austria, and she had hoped, and fulled. Now, she looked with pale wlotful appeal into the priest's 'brilliant eyes, but theft* was no gentle •light, of pity there, “The sin of in gratitude'I a a very base Bin,” he said, “You have .also 'been guilty of deceit. If you would be for i given, you must show yourself worthy of forgiveness.”* • Mary was silent, “You have abused the hospitality of your step-father’s house. It must now be withheld. But there Is one refuge still open to you, my daughter. The Mother Church, to whom you lately gave your allegiance, offers you sanctuary-” “I don’t understand you,” said the girl. “It has been deckled In counsel be tween the Prince and Princess and my self this morning that you should at once be sent to the Convent of the Sacred Island.” Mary's face brightened. “Oh, I should be thankful to go there tor a while,” she cried. “It would be pence. Of course. I would rather go back to England, but if the Sisters would keep me until-” • T see that even now you do not under stand,” said the priest. “You do not go to the convent as a guest, but as a novice. After all that has passed, you should think it a blessed privilege.” 1 A wave of color surged up to her uforehood^'and.she staggered back, catch ing for support the arm 6f thiS chair iwhere she had sat through the long hours of the night. VThey would ■ make me Into, a nun!** she stammered, half beneath her breath. “They would make you one of the Sla ters of the Sacred Island.” “I can’t do it!” she. bmice out. “I won't do it. It would be a living “My daughter, there, Is no longer for you a question of ‘cannot' or 'will not.’ You must obey." Her eyes dilated with fear of the man, horror of the future. . “They can’t make me,”, she faltered. “I—I’ll refuse to take the vows, even at the altar; just as I would have refused to marry Count von Ivomis, your brother. Father Augustin! I am not a child any longer. I have friends, too, who will help, if you are all leagued together against me, to make me do tills thing. Mr Tristram-” “My child, Mr Tristram is dead.” She did not cry out, or fall, but gradu ally all look of life and youth faded from ..tier face. She 'might have’ /been frozen,\yhere she stood. And lier eyes, dark with horror, Btared up at the priest with no quiver of the long black lashes which poor .Tristram had thought bo-beautiful. “Dead—dead!” she said,at last, :in a •whisper. Then her lips formed another Word, though no sound came. “How?” “Last night he and my brother fought “Beciiuse of—me?" “Because of you. He di^d in Ills sins, without absolution, and In darkness and silence he will be buried secretly in un consecrated ground.” “Because of me!” she repeated again. And after that, for a long time, she spoke no .more.. He watched her patiently, keenly, .ns a student of science might , watch the helpless anguish of some small’animal bound on a vivisect ing table. ' ' . • . , , '“And your brother?” she asked at last, in, a whisper/ ‘ \- "My brother is wounded. And he wall suffer in other ways ni» well. All tills misery, comes of your fault, my daugh > Mary Desmond covered her race with both hands, and a shudder, shook her from > head' to foot. She longed for the relief of teats, but no'tears would come. > "The Count IS a murderer!” Hhe cried, In horror of the dreadful vision her mental eyes could see. /■ :, "A man who kills another In a duel, fpught honorably, for a- righteous cause, Is not'- called hy such a ,name - In, our country,", said. Father Augustin. “But In, ijthe sight of Heaven he hus sinned, i the sin is more yours than his, for ho fought to avenge you—he, the man -who should have been your husband, be lieved that he laid the right to punish one who had robbed him. I do not say he had the right; but I. do say, .my unhappy child, that on your head Is the crime." . "Then let me r.'.de my. head for ever In the.convent." the girl exclaimed, sobbing now as youth should not know how to sob. .“Mr Tristram Is dead; you say I have murdered him. . Then the world 1b over for me, beeauso^because. Father Augustin, I loved him! I didn’t know it when I.sent to ask his help, or I tvouldn t have sent; but I know it now, and every one may know it, for all X care, since he has given his life for me. Bet me go to the Sisters of the Sacred Island as soon as you think best. If only 1.could die m 1 ’You should be thankful that It Is stv-; ten to you to live.'nhdfexpiate your. s?n, •through thb’years : to ’come;" Father Ap ■guetlri'anstvef-ed; coldly, “You., shall go ,>to the convent—to-day.” . ' Mary lmd. oflon heard' o£ the Sisterhood who Bpent theta lives on tlio rocky Island In the Sclirecksae (or "Sea of Horror") so named becauseTn old, old days, almost before legend wedded history, Us waters had been troubled by the evil spirit of a woman who lured'men io ruin body and soul. The lake had 'been called accursed until Saint Kbcrhard had been directed In n vision to take up his residence on the ■ rock, which rose like the dark shoulder of a submerged Titan, from the water. Ills advent—so legend said—had driven the haunting evil away: and the lake, Instead of being accursed, gained a mag ical power of healing mnny diseases. ‘ Throngs of alTllcted people had journey ed from far to the Schreckser, which still retained the old name, to be cured by Its waters and tile prayers of the blessed hermit, on the island. Thou, when Saint 1'lhci'hiird had died nt a great age, by Ills desire- a Sisterhood was rounded on the rock, and their dwelling called tile Con vent of the Sacred Island—the oldest In stitution of the kind in Austria, and one of the most rigid In Its rules ot' life. .11 was an enclosed order. The sisters never passed outside the boundary of the high walla that shut the convent In. On one day of the week, only might they con verse with one another, save to murmur the bodeful words, "Memento Mori.” No letters came to (ho band of women who had resigned all worldly joys, except com munications from bishop or priest on business of the convent. No letters .went out, save answers to these. Modern life, ‘ and t|io busy rush of modern days, came no nearer to the rook In the lake than the small railway town on the Danube, a dozen miles away. Those who lmd the curiosity to gaze at the famous Convent of the Sacred Island from . .a ...distance, | ■might drive to the tiny village of Deux,' on the lake shore, and behold the dark, Ir regular building silhouetted grimly ag ainst the Sky; yet none hut .priestly visi tors, novices, .or trndes-people carrying supplies, lmd been received on the Island Itself, since the mild reign of F.bertiard bad ended with the saint's death. Mary was not fully informed of all these details; and, mentally half-stunned, phy sically too weak front lack of food to con centrate thought, her mind painted no vlvkl Pictures (m the blank, grey canvas of the future. She only groped through darkness' for the one hope of consolation which she believed tjpuld ever again be hers: a place to hide in from a censorious world, u place to pray for peace. She made the hundred-nille Journey from Vienna to Deux with her mother and Father Augustin. Heavily veiled, she still felt on ucute misery of self-conscious ness, shrinking from every eye that might be staring in morbid Interest at the hero ine of the latent scandal, the wicked girl; whose folly'had' last nlght'eost a man his life. Through the thick,- dark veil, she gazed with a strange fascination at the people crowding the stations as they pass ed; happy, commonplace people who would not have to live face to face with a tragedy till death came to their release. It seemed unbelievable - that everything should be going on In the world aa if no shipwreck had come to her. Girls laugh ed, and rejoiced In their youth and beau ty, hardly knowing why they were happy. She had been like that only a few weeks ago—far away in dear England. She re called some of the pranks she and her friends had played at school, and she re membered the exquisite pleasure of her first ball, when she had been said to be the “belle”—and'Bhe had met George Tristram. Now the handsome, dark face, so bright, so brave—that Bhe had dreamt of many times .of late, would sdon be under the ground. The snow would keep on falling, as It fell now, and malce his grave white— horribly white and cold, And she would be eighteen next,week, only eighteen; yet she must always be cold after tills, cold with remembrance; and site was going to be. burled in a grave too. But then, noth ing mattered airy mire; ' . The Princess, with her confessor and her daughter, had a compartment to themselves; the crowd, Ukc;movlng photo graphs, only passed the windows and looked In when the train slowed into sta tions. The priest and the woman whom he ruled, spoke together sometimes in low voices; but they did not address Mary; and by; her the long Journey was spent in silence. It was much the same after wards, In the closed carriage that drove them from the last railway town to the little village by the lake. There, the mo; ment had come for the parting between mother and daughter — a parting from now till the end of time. As Mary stepped front the carriage to accompany Father Augustin in' the small boat which would take them across the lake (fed by warm springs, so that the surface was never frozen), her first actu- , al realisation of what she was about to do, came with.a, sight of the convent. Was It possible that she was to live In that gloomy place, the acme of desolation? That she, who had always so loved free domand everything that could be doneln the open air, would never after to-day pass beyond those dark, ivy-draped stone •wails?, ' . Vouth and human nature asserted them selves, and her heart contracted with a sharp pang ; of revulsion. '. She found . herself catching at the thought that, after all, this .step was not irrevocable. She wa3 only going to take the vows for the period of a liovltiatei At the end of that time. If she had changed her mind, she would be free to. return to the world she now forsook. She wished^ she knew how long, was the, novitiate at tho Convent of the Sacred Island; and Bhe determined to summon courage, If she could, in the boat, to ask Father Augustin whether he 'could tell her of any noylce who liod ever left tjie Sisterhood- Then' suddenly she remembered the,thing that was send ing her here. Tristram, whom slid bad loved,' was dead,-; by, her fault. „• tyhy should she ever wish to leave this sanc tuary ori'.the, rock? . . ... , ; • '..The gifl turned to her mother witif one lost, hungry, yearning look; If the Princess had had.a pang of relenting, ,1£ she had so much as held'opt her hand. Mary would have broken into passionate sobbing. But she had sinned past for giveness from that cold nature, and there came no-sign of softening. . "Good-bye; mother—for always," whis pered the girl. , !" “Good-bye," - the Princess unswored, without a tremor of the voice. Then she turned .to .Father Augustin, "I shall be vyaltlhg for you at, the lnn,” she suid, “I daresay they can put me into. a decent roomi; ntieast; itwvil!'be, warm.'' Mary sinkldered-faintly at the words. Often nfteriyaidB,. dhe was to think of them, ,gnd while she fasted and shivered, picture the beautiful tyoman In her sables, with daintily-shod, feet on the fen der, a warm . fire, playIng . rosily on the white marble of lier face, oil she waitpd till her; confessor should have finished disposing of a. troublesome daughter. So the priest ' and the. girl ,were rowed across the water as darkness fell-! He' spoke kindly to her, now that tho Prinr eesu was no, longer with them,' bidding her be of good cheer. It whs asif. since his object had been accomplished, and Mary had obeyed him, he was ready to show her the flowers which might still grow along the narrow path be had bid-; den her choose. ' He told her that Hea ven, would be appeased, That there was a wondrous happiness In a life of holiness and self-denial,' • He dwelt. upon the •peaceful days of prayer , and! meditation she: would 'Bpend- Rmorlg ’tho good-' Sis-, tcra; before thpTiour ’eaiue^wlUi'n she mpst take her prellinthdry, vows as .a1 iipylijo of the order. :A,t first', she wouid merely be a giieat,! In nstreat athtbls . blessed (tsylum; there, hi that chapel, whore the red light plowed against tlie darkening sl:j', Bhe would become the betrothed bride ot Heaven". The boat touched the crude landing place.. Steep .steps cut in the rook. and covered 'now with drifted snow fonthc-rs, led up to the convent walls. At the gale. leather Augustin rang u bell, which jangled dismally. In the thick oak paiiel, a tiny blind slid up behind the grille, like an opening eye. The aper ture showed a grating, and the dim ghost of a. face, white as Its white frame of drapery- A muiried exclamation told that Father Augustin had licea seen and recognised by the lay Sister, whose duty It was to guard the gate. There fol lowed the sound or a key grating harshly In a lock, a pushing aside or heavy bolts, seldom moved, the rattle of a chain, and the small door that opened In one of the great gates swung ruatily on its hinges. A long look backward, a deep drawn, sob bing breath, and the elose-elasplng arms of the Convent of the Sacred Island had folded Mary Desmond In. "Well for her,who will be known hence lierg, rising from her chair by the wood lire, in the Inn parlor, as the priest softly "It is well, my daughter,” ho said. "Well,Father?" asked Princess Falcon forth us Sister Marie Magdalene; and for you. well, because you have given your daughter, to the Church, with all the for tune tliat would have been hers." "Better than if the money could have lifted a weight of debt from; the IComls estates, Father?" she asked. "My brother Pau!( wollld not say no.” The priest faintly smiled. t “But ' aftei last night, an yon know, ills pride could not Have- endured’ the ,marriage, empty as the family coders tire,. And the for tune is a good gift'lVn-Uhe Churclv" "Yes," said the Princess, with a sigh she did not wish even her. confessor to know meant exultation in being freed from her only rival. No.longer would she look faded and old besidp a fresher fate. No longer would men turn from her to another, In ballrooms where she hud once, been queen.- She had wished for Mary’s marriage, because her hus band had wished it, and because Count von Kornls. who had so strange an in Ihienec over the Prhice, had wished it. But a married daughter, even at a dis tance, can still make a woman seem old; while a daughter In a convent is speedily forgotten. After all, when the scandal of which the Count in his fury had mdde so . much, was passed (as it soon would he, to give pluee to a newer one), tilings would he belter as they now were. While, as for Mary -. herself, a girl with such a head strong nature as hers was safer in the Convent of t)ic Sacred Island than she would have been exposed to the constant dangers of society. "I am glad. Father, that you are satis fied," she said. “If you had not thought of telling her the man was dead, I be lieve she. would have resisted.” "It is occasionally-permissible to devi ate temporarily, from the-truth-for a wise purpose, daughter.” answered tlie Jesuit, hiding'ttye fire of bis eyes under long, wo manish lashes. "To do. evil that good may- come. And though he lived this morning, to-morrow we shall almost surely hear that he is dead.” (To be Continued’.) 