THE MYSTESV OF ILfWfl, GtANCi I (A u fUew*» ****** »t- J llfoft Grant* IirMm —no Urn ralie* , in tto bra* *f *!ngta»4. * tovrt) raterat «w« tlx- «»ii --f U-* Nrd h»» hi lw» ?llmml l,» tlx- .brisk of th* nnw '. ud «l-rr- lhxU- l. not deeded. nor the air fouled villi smoke. I * —iU Im- Kit* nlll ClUH ftUndl I |0H (|o liiiuim, nliuWiijntmifd.Thr llolun lliwd, | speaks of tbr old fowl day*. i : I Ik-hind the old inn a pathway led through f a wood UI the valley of IlfordGrenge ; the old j' tenement wo* a motlev group of building*. ,1 grey and red; once a pious lodging, It won :i siil'l baolted by the ruined town and aoutli f wall oftbo Priory Uburob. 1- Wont of It, a tiny stream bubbled down the | valley, which, banked np to the north of the 1 church, formed n lake, the unruffled surface * 1 of which reflects the bushes that have grown I round tlic bank, the ivy-covored tower and I the clouds that float lastly over the enchanted ; valley making up a perfect picture of rural j beauty. I The Orange, built of gray stone, is patched : f here and there with brick.bcing all overgrown l with tangled creepers, and surmounted by tall i red brick chimneys, aboic which again tower if the rninB of the old Priory Church. It was I towards tbe'elose of a brigjit and glorious Kcptertibcf day that I paused, after a five i mile walk, in front of Iiford Grange. It waB with strange mingled feeliugs that I stood for many minutes gazing at the old pile, grim and gloomy reminiscences being recalled to my mind at its sight. ? Here, after my poor father's death, when a hoy of seven, had I been brought from London by my uncle's solicitor. Though at enmity with both my parents, upon his younger brother's decease I had been sent „ for. i may here add that a mother's tender love and care I never had known, she having left the world a few weeks only after my birth. -? As I stood now in the gloaming, the shadows deepening around the old Grange, I recalled to mind the dark, bleak, winter's day, when, weary of my morose end miserly relation's tyranny, I ran away, a lad of six teen. Starved and buffeted about for years at llford Grange, my rough life, on board a West India merchant ship was far prefer able; and now, fairly well-to-do, and eight and fi twenty years of age, it was with wild and f conflicting emotions that I stood with folded | arms at tho entrance gates of my uncle's 1: residence, the old miser, who for years had forgotten my existence, but who now upon I . his death bed had expressed a wish to behold j - once more his nephew Miles. Something I ? f remembered of a pretty little girl, a niece, ft the daughter of the only Bister of Mark Han t,'- way. She, poor child, some seven or eight years my junior, had been the only being I [? regretted leaving behind at the old Grange I that bitter winter's day when, proud and J defiant, I ran away to seek a home upon the I yasty deep. There was no sign of life about I the old pi ace, and as I sauntered up the moss- 1 covered and weeded pathway I beheld, as of ^ yore, the same air of desolation, neglect, and \ decay. \- 'A miser never changes his disposition ^ any more than the leopard his spots, I ' muttered, as, gaining the old porch, I gave a ' tug at the bell, the clangour of which woke up many a dismal echo about the place, startling the very rooks that -were circling overhead preparatory . to seeking their nests; for the night was close at hand. For some five minutes I waited patiently a reply to . - my summons, and then, as I was about again to put my hand on the bell, the massive . oaken door was slowly opened, creaking and P groaning on its hingeB as if reluctant to admit of ingress to the stranger, p . An old crone, with yellow, wrinkled face p, and toothless gums. Btanding on the thres p- hold, winking and blinking like an old owl, \- in querulous accents demsnded my business. 'I left London early this morning to pay a visit to my uncle, Mark Hanway.' Did you ? then you might have saved yourself a long journey: you can't sec him,' said the old woman, snappishly, who, though she had lost her teeth, 1 found retained her sense of hearing. ' Can't see him ? 'What do you mean, woman? Why, he sent for me, and as I just now informed you, I have travelled a long distance at his request.' ' That may be, but the old man ha j started ' on a longer journey than you have ever made.' : ' x think X understand you. You mean to infer that he is dead.' ''yes; and as we have no accommodation * for travellers, I can't let you in. I'm a lone II woman, and can't a-bear strangers. You'll 1* get a bed, I daresay, at the Kobin Hood, * t'other side of the wood.' ''Thank you, but I do not care to cruise f for that anchorage to-night. I'm here now J and intend to remasn. I do not know who or J. what you are, but I have come down here at the express desire of Uncle Hanway, and I'm f not going to bout ship for any lone woman who dooB not like strangers.' . Rather short-tempered and angry at the impudence of the crone, I here very coolly drove past her into the hall. Bather taken aback, as clapping her hands, screeching and yelling like a tiger-cat, she sang out, ' Reuben, Reuben! Dido, Dido!' The pair so loudly called upon starting forth from a half -open door close by me, and proving to be a.burly, sandy-haired, red-faced man, anjl u fierce, savage-looking dog; the latter with *' ' an angry snarl; and TeVealing a set of huge fangs, hunching hiB back and showing a dis position to fly at me without any further to do or provocation. ?? What's all this about ? Who are you ? p tJet out of it, or I'll let Dido hayo at p.- Ihee ! ' S' ' You'd better hold Dido, as you call him, P-: back, or I'll put a knife in his ribs. I've b:' done a ti.lv bit of pig-Bticking in India, and £'?_ I'm not going to be cowed here by tfvicions dog or bullied by a clodhopper ! You ask who . I am, I am the nephew of the owner of this house, and I don't care who you are or that 5V crone either; but if you don't take care and Ijo. are not civil, I'll kick you both out of the } : Grange.' P r Oh, oh ! Do'ee hear that mother?' j;Vv ; o Let go the flog at 'im, Reuben. Did thee , K hear : he called I a crone?' cried the hag, J ; fairly dancing with rag i. j |l . To my unmitigated astonishment; the. E' scoundrel- of a man, now loosing the savage y C beast he had been holding, with a loud deep * mouthed bay it sprangkipon me, causing me | byits weight to stagger back against the wall.' I Having snatched a broad sharp-bladed knife from my pocket a moment before, and ?y - getting a good grip of the brute by the neck, f I buried the weapon up to the haft in its j:' v throat, and then exerting all my Btrehgth I hurled the dying beast at the old woman — the dog and its mistress rolling together upon . g!_ the' floor, starting now, upon the amazed y' and confounded Reuben, I gave the fellow-one crashing blow full between the eyes, and an other under the left ear that Bent him atnn e . (1-:d and bleeding upon the bodies of the I ' shrieking bag and the dead Dido. 'y Master of the 'field, I now, drawing a deep bmk toefc a (taw* iMti (tonne «o * Mb tef m tami. KMrf Ml, SM.Oij it am a Mtb (*»m. ntti omr ASM Up-** bit tip* andfto ?**?*( ap*u*rd.Wfci»*d la* !» Idh* Um, a* b» began to uwil a fegkt ftatrv tt tfre ns4 rftteM, 1**1 in* as had Is tlx tub and threat i of dire vsagsane* trttrwd by lb* bullring teat Met, I at hk Iwrtsd sfref the poor litUr cmMtr, who, eliding swiftly before me. kspt turning round to xv if I war* following wu L- a neemd flight of stain, passing along S corridor Ihst I renumbered well in the -!*-* of old, mjr litUr pilot thee began ascend ing a third steep flight that I keew led to a suite of rooms seldom or cvor used in my childhood's days, and that bore the reputa tion of being haunted. Passing through two apartments that opened one into the other, the little fellow csme to a pause. and placing his trembling little linnd upon the door of a third chamber, he exclaimed, ia a hesitating and trembling voice, ' Laura's hcnil' ' Laura's there, is she?' I replied, smiling at the troubled expression that rested upon the poor boy's features; for though locked, 1 was well assured that 1 could soon buret the door open if necessary ; and calling to mind that Laura was the name of my pretty playmate and couBin in the long ago, I determined, without any scruple, to force an entrance in to the room. Forthwith, and without Bny further to-do, I gave a bound with my Bhoulder against the obstacle before me ; that, as I expected, tore tbe lock away, and landed me Bprawling upon the floor of the ehamber beyond. Starting to my feet, I was now astounded at beholding a young and lovely girl, a beautiful blonde, lying upon a couch, bound I hand and foot, whilst piled up to the ceiling, as if ready for removal, I observed a chest of i drawers, tables, chairs, card-tables, and wash stands, all packed one upon the other, caus- | ing the chamber to resemble the sale room of an auctioneer. j My first proceeding was, of course, to re lease from her bonds the weeping girl, who, I in wild alarm, seizing me by the arm, ex claimed: I ' What have you done with that infamous woman and her Bon?' | ' Shown them both that I mean to be master here !' ' But the dog — they will set the horrible brute upon you!' ' They did that same thing, my dear girl, and 1 served Dido as 1 used to do the wild boars; but tell me, Laura, what is the mean ing of that strange array of furniture ?' I ' I will toll you all — everything. But say, are you not my couBin Miles, that poor uncle was expecting ?' ' I am he; yes, Laura. And though so many years have passed since we wandered hand in hand about the valley and through the woods, I recognised you, dear, the moment I entered the apart ment. And now tell me what villainy has been going on here V ' ' AlmoBt murder, Mi'es,' cried my pretty relation, as she clung tremblingly and confi dingly to my arm. ' Poor nncle Hauway died yesterday, and because old John Gxeya brooke and his daughter wouldn't consent to some vile proposition of theirs, the monster, Reuben Monks, and his vile old mother barricaded them up in' the ghost room, and God knows what crime would have been carried out if you had not arrived ; for ray self I would have died before agreeing to the wishes of that dreadful pair. i ' And what were those wishes, Laura ?' ' ' That 1 should consent, tofceoomctftie wifc of, the horrid son. ' j ' A very modest desire, certainly; but I'll haze (punish) them before many hours are over. And now to release the prisoners. Thank God 1 arrived in time, Laura, for 1 believe that vile old hag and the fellow Reuben wouldn't hare hesitated at murder, or their looks belie them.' Setting strenuously to work I proceeded ,to drag away the mimerous articles of furni ture that had been heaped together, and slightly aided by my cousin speedily dis closed the half -glass door that opened into , the ghost room, as it was called. Here, by the pale rays of the moen that Btole through I a small casement at the far end of this ante-room, 1 beheld the wan and startled faces of the old man and hiB daugh ter, who had so daringly been imprisoned by the vile housekeeper, Mrs. Monks, and her I son. | With Borne difficulty getting away from my cousin, who was in fear and alarm for my safety, I now, leaving her with the Greys- ' brookes, at once descended to the lower part of the house. - 1 was rather surprised that I had received no further signs of revolt from the enemy, * especially as I had heard from Laura of their audacious desires and criminal proceedings. Followed by the little boy, a waif of the adjacent village, I made a thorough inspec tion of the premises, and at last was pretty well convinced that the mother and her hope ful Bon had vacated the premises. | Returning to my anxious cousin, all the night through (along with the poor old labourer and his daughter) we sat up in thdt house of the dead, none of us under the cir- j cumBtances caring to seek repose. The next day, upon calling in the county , counstabulary, we discovered that Reuben Monks and his mother had decamped, bnt had carried off a considerable sum in gold, part of the hoards of my unfortunate uncle, who had died with no relative by his death bed ; even his niece having been prevented from 'attending upon him by the vicious : beings in whom for years he bad placed such ' trust. The precious pair of conspirators by means of the hue and cry and a smart de tective from London, were soon captured, and received a- well-merited sentence of ' Five Years' Penal.' As next-of-kin, I duly inherited all Mark Hanway 's wealth, and, wedding the lovely Laura and settling down at the old Grange, I tempted no more the dangers of the deep, deep sea. 