UNIVERSITY EXTENSION BOARD. LECTURE ON HAMLET. At the board room of the Public Library last evening Professor MacCallum gave the third of a course of lectures on " Hamlet " There was a large attendance, and Judge Molesworth occupied the chair The lecturer, who received a most appreciative hearing, confined himself almost exclusively to a discussion on Hamlet, and in an able discourse treated of his age, his accomplishments his intellectual culture and humanity, and the shock of her mother's second marriage and his uncle a Buccpssior? before the revelation of foul play Professor Mac Callum strongly favoured the popular belief that Hamlet's ago was C. Tbegravediggu in the fifth act « is quoted, where he says that he became a grave digger .' that day that our list king overcame for lubras " which happened " the very day that young Hamlet was born," and mina further on, "I have been sexton here, man and boy, 20 years" Again, in the J)Ia\ within the play further proof is given by the play-king in the utterance beginning, " Tull 10 times both Phoebus gone round The arguments raised in favour of Hamlet being younger were scouted by the lecturer is without foundation Shakespeare usually gave no exact pigs to his characters, and it was noticeable with Hamlet that his ago had been altered and made more definite in the revised versions The theory, too, that the sexton was a maudlin old man and unaccountable for his words was not at all borne out. Hamlets age Using 30 was no more remarkable than Juliet's being 11 In sunny Italy Juliet a early maturity was not at all exceptional, and in the changed climate of the north, where men elsewhere considered old were thought but elderly, and merit were thought Youths, Hamlet a age was quite reasonable In both characters perhaps the ages were extreme, but in neither were they unnatural. for much was said in the play of Hamlet's physique, but his mother speaks of him as fat and scant of breath " Perhaps this description was revolt- ing to most students, but it was evidently a sincere utterance, and must be accepted. Goethe, too, pronounced him as probably a stout sanguine blond, frequently northern Germany and in Scandinavia Hamlet's courage was shown when following the ghost and in boarding the ship of the pirates-a quality which he inherited from the valiant father, and which was recognised by Portishead, who ordered him a martial funeral. He was studious, but not a pedant Perhaps no character in all | dramatic literature so awakens our sympathy and admiration with more words He despised the hollow pump of the Danish Court, and was a cultured patron of the play ora One of the reasons of our love was that he was such a thorough gentleman. His mother's marriage parnell him more than his father's death His veneration, for his father was shown in all his reference to him as " so excellent a king," and in " He was a man, take him for all in all, I shall not look upon his like again " His chivalrous love for his mother, in spite of all his feelings about her conduct, showed his to be a most loveable nature The lecturer passed an to Hamlet's awakening to the knowledge of his father's murder. The last lecture of the course will be delivered next Tuesday night 