, ' Nlinv SOUTH WALES FIELDS. ' G1LGUNNIA, Monday.— Mining matters at Oilgunnia havo been rather quiet since the new year commenced. Only ono elaim (Osmetti and party's, of The Four-Mile) having raised .stono in quantity. 'They have now over £0 tons .of good quality at grass. Two other claims are prospecting nt Tho Four-Mile. The Dream Company has sunk a new shaft at a point southward about midway from the boundary of tho Ilnnd in Hand, to a depth of loWt. Thov aro driving north for air. In the croacut west they intersected uic reef, a couple of days since. This company saved their tailings (somo 60 tons) from the laid, crushing, and have dispatch ed to-day 80 tons of same to Oackle Creek for treatment. According to assay, 2',1'oz. por ton should result. ' It viaay. be notod that over 7oz. per ten was won at the last crushing from some 30 tons. Tbo prospects of this lino of roef were never so good looking previously. South of the Dream the Hanri-in-Wnnd party are sink-' jng u new shaft, which at a depth should be close to the ehilft lately out in the Dream. GUNDAGAI, Friday.— Mr. J. Harford yestorday finished a crushing of alx ions of stone from the: Bushmen's Daughter line of reef at tho Sybil battery, for on avcrago of 2oz. per ton. Tho Kenny and Frewiii party also crushed at the same battery about 30 tons o stono/. averaging 3oz. por ton. I>ord Hope, one of the English directors of tiro Prince of Walts mine, Reno, is on a short visit to the district for the purpose of inspecting properties in which he is interested. LTTHGOW, Friday.— From 231 tons of quartz crushed at the Paddy Lackey mino and cleaned up to Friday, 20th inst., 33Gok. was obtained from buttery and plates, exclusive of cyanide. This is tho hi ghost grauo per ton bulk crushing tho mino has turned out. The bat- lory is undergoing slight repaint, and will start again in tha course of a weak. Tho mine is in full swing, and looking well. PEAK-HTLL, Friday. — Tlie new furnaces recently erect- I'd minor tho mnorviFinn n i Mr. T:ir1nr. for Hia Kinplrtr><>» of 11m Proprietary Company's refractory oro bodies, is working with a marked degree of satisfaction. Tha furnaces have now been running over a week, without a hitch. Dr. Bowman and Messrs. Blunt and Green (direc tors), and Mr. ilooro (legal manager) aro at present on a visit of inspection to the mine. Wythore and Mocney Company aro making «od pro gress with tho sinking of tho new main enntt, which they propose to rink to a dc-pth of 3C0ft., before opening out mi tJioir ore bodire. WTALONO, Friday.— Tnrland's battery has cleaned up 78 tons from the Pors'vvrranee tor 47oz. Tho Juncrion Company 1ms 150 tons paddoeked. At the Klondyke, May and l\irtr (tributcxs at iho South End) havo started to open out at 50(t. on nice-looking Btona at the 360ft. level. This claim's developments have not, no far, proved tho reef to be as good as it was higher up. Qoulson and party (tribubors in tha J'rinco of Vales) arc' raising stone hom tho old shaft, and 40 tons are paddocktd. The Harry's Find tributcrs havo started to raise another crushing from tho 150ft. lev!. prospcffring work is still bring carried on at tlio Brilliant. __________ 