LETTER TO TBE EDITOR. THE REV. R. M. WALKER AND THE ADVENTISTS. Sir,—From the number of “exposures” of Seventh Day Adventism there have been of late, one would think the doctrines held by this people ought to be about exploded by this time. But there is one thing rather remarkable about it all: the “exposure” of one man does not seem to exactly suit or satisfy the next. Each, in turn, has to try his hand at it. Like the inventors of “perpetual motion,” each can see where his predecessor has left out some necessary wheel, cog, or pinion, and so sets about accomplishing the feat himself. The latest “exposure” is by our friend Mr. Walker, of East Maitland. He styles the views of this people “dangerous,” “poison,” and “pernicious heresy,” and accuses them of “infamous blasphemy,” “blasphemy against the Holy Ghost” and of being enemies to the cross of Christ.” If true, they must be indeed a very bad and wicked people. But I have noticed that the hard speeches and bitter accusations generally come from those who are in greatest error. The enemies and murderers of Christ accused Him of blasphemy, and said He had a devil, and that he cast out devils by the Prince of Devils. What seems to be Mr. Walker's chief charge against us is that we teach people to “keep the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath.” This appears to be the forefront of all our offending. But why should this be thought strange; God kept this day in the beginning, and commands us to keep it in His holy and immutable law. Christ kept it all His life on earth, and He is our example; and the apostles and early Christians kept it. Why should we not keep it and teach others to keep it? Mr. W. says, “The united testimony of the Church of our Lord Jesus Christ is opposed to “this.” We beg to differ. Christ, the Head of the Church, observed this day as the Sabbath; His apostles observed it; and no other day of week is called the Sabbath in all the Bible. Moreover, for centuries the early Christians observed it. Accredited historians, and noted writers in the Church of England itself, admit this. Note the following:—Mr. Morier, a learned clergyman of the Church of England, says: “The primitive Christians had a great veneration for the Sabbath, and spent the day in devotion and sermons. And it is not to be doubted but that they derived this practice from the Apostles themselves.” —Dialogues on the Lord's Day, p. 189. Professor E. Brerewood, of Gresham College, London, member of the Church of England, says:—“The Sabbath was religiously observed in the Eastern church three hundred years and more after our Saviour's passion.” —Learned Treatises on the Sabbath, p. 77. Bishop Jeremy Taylor, of the same Church, says of Sunday observance:—“It was not introduced by virtue of the fourth commandment, because they, for almost three hundred years together, kept that day which was in that commandment.”— Ductor Dubitantium, part 1, b. 2, chap. 2. John Ley, another English author, says:—“From the Apostles' time until the council of Landinea, which was about the year 364, the holy observation of the Jews' Sabbath continued, as may be proved out of many authors; yea, notwithstanding the decree of that council against it.”— Sunday a Sabbath, p. 163. The historian, Socrates, middle of fifth century, writes:—“Almost all churches throughout the world celebrate the sacred mysteries on the Sabbath of every week.”—Book 5, chap. 22. Sozomen another historian of the same period, says:—“The people of Constantinople, and of several other cities, assemble together on the Sabbath, as well as on the next day, which custom is never observed at Rome.”—Book 7, chap. 19. These statements are quite out of harmony with Mr. Walker's assertion that the early church “neglected” the seventh day “from the very day of His (Christ's) resurrection.” Mosheim, Wharey, Coleman, and other historians agree with the foregoing. Mr Walker says we teach that all who have not kept the seventh day Sabbath are eternally lost, but he failed to cite any proof. We deny the charge. Such statements should not be made without producing clear and indubitable proof. “Great Controversy,” p. 447, teaches the very reverse. The author of the work just mentioned he charges with “copying wholesale from other writers, and not even acknowledging that she has done so.” This is not correct, for in the “Author's Preface” to this very book she makes a fair and clear acknowledgment of all she has done in the way of quoting from other writers. Mr. Walker has perhaps not read this preface, Mr. Walker writes as though we had failed in our work in Melbourne, Sydney, and elsewhere. What are the facts? We have in Melbourne alone four organised cburches, with a membership of over 400, and one of the largest and best equipped publishing houses in the colonies. In and about Sydney we have five organised churches, five church buildings, and are at present erecting a large sanitarium. At Cooranbong we have four large school buildings, a chapel capable of seating 300, a food factory, and a health retreat. If success has not crowned our efforts where we have been, as Mr. Walker asserts in the first paragraph of his leaflet, what has he to fear, and why, in his closing paragraph, does he appeal to “Christians of every shade of opinion” to “resist” us? Evidently, it is not the failure, but the success of the movement that is troubling him. If it is necessary for all Christendom to be called to arms against it, it must indeed be a very formidable affair. But in spite of all opposition and all exposure, in conclusion, and without boasting, let me say, so long as the ten commandments and the Bible stand, it will stand. When men can overthrow these, then they can overthrow Seventh Day Adventism, for it is founded on these; but not till then.—Yours, etc. W. A. COLCORD. East Maitland, Nov. 6, 1900. 