. -s7 Short Story. The Spawn of Fortune. \--~--.1- (Conelilded.) T'he tranger had started to his feet, is; eyes great and full of fire, 'his hands clinched above 'its head. Whirlinn ronlid and facuing Arthur Brackenbridge bie demanded : S" Why would you kill yourself ?" SI have lost l'my fortune, anllld " What is that ? You talk of eowaordsl 1 thUought you vlaalart, yoll thought yoinself so itl.h I whly waste good powder and ball. You fear to live he callse, perelhance, your circullinllaanr ulay not be qlu:te s-n pleaiant as for ruerly. Sordid coward." " It's not altogether a mattller of mnliney," faltered the young man. Thbe stranger kept his eyes fixed upon h'm. " 'lhere's at warrant-" "'lhen yeou are a criminal ?" " No, I am not." " My partner t?ls landed us both In fiaudulent bankruptcy--' " Are you innocent ?'" " Absolutely." " And you fear 7" " Well, there is as much dlualne as fear--" " You are vain as well as a. coward." "To be the principal In a criminal trialJs no pleasant experience ; at least. so I gather from the ?mewspaplers." 'lthe heavy man sat down igagn and gazed. at Birackenbridge conlltemptu ously. ".Young, unan, Whllat a craven you wonuild have moe believe you. Your cowardice Is so great Ihat you are will ,Ing to stamp yourself guilty by self mturder rather than face your nelenocer and confonnd -themn. On my soul I nan surprised yoll ventured out alone to kill youursclf. SI shouldl lave thought you w'ouir l hljave implored sonme one to 'come wilth you while you 'took the leap In t11i dark. Why were yen .given yonlth, strellcth, 'health, good trong armls nlid .. sound-ltheart= if they -vere not Intended to overcome obstadlei ? Think I woutll It not be greater fanr to teop out before the world and say,'IIere am I, an honest man; where are any accusers ?' rather than to lie on the floor of a railway cay rlange withb a 'wreath of powder-snloke for a crown 1" " Yes, but you see, lay dea' sir, to-day there has been a focusslng of nill that it unfortunntte for -me. aMy whole fortunr Is gone ; the fact ithat It lhis been los' causes the police to ' want' me, and tlh fact that tile police ' want' me 'tbs lo,' me--well-" " Out -with it I Lost you What ?" Arthur Brackelnbrldge did not intlet to any 'more, but the stranger's coln Inandinlg gaze and imperative questli; left him ,powemless 'to resist. At evei station le -prayed 'that some one wolll enter the compartment, -but the Undie ground is a contrary line. No one d', turbed them. " Whant else have you lost?" deominaud tlle Iheavy iinrllln " " Well, to ' our with It' as you ask the girl to -whomln i am -engaged--c wiin." 'Tl'le stranger threw back hls i-ear andi burst Ilto a flood of laughlte: n'her'eln 'there was no ghost of a 'trace ut1 nmi'lh. Brackenblrllidge felt lndignalln nt tihe a.ii'ast'ic levity of his new. founit combatant, but said nothing. " (hil," -th heavy nmaun shouted "' ine girl, inedeed, that will break her prollllte bL-cause you'vre lost a pound She gave yoa hler word and now tells you to your face tIlat She will not keep It." "She has not. I 'tell you Oite- she---" " But you have just 'this mhnlute nid hne told you to go about your busi ness-" " I aidl nothing of the 'sort." "Then how know you that you have )ost her ?" Ihacrkelnbridge wras silent. \- .. t h' lie lonisr one vo-tnemornr_ 'Answer ne : IIow knew you ?" . " Her guardian, her aunt, told one." "'My young friend, take tile advice of one 'who 'has seen, experienced, learned. Have no dealiungs with a woman through a womanu-never. Give me 'that revolver you have 'in your breast pocket." The revolver was weakly passed over. "Now we are coiing to Earl's Con't Station. Got out; be a man ; walk nip to the first policeuman you neet- or, bet ter still, 'hall n hansom, and tell cabby to drlve to 'the nearest police htation. Say to the Inspector, 'I hear there ,is a warrant out for lme. I have come 'to give myself up, f you wanlrt me.'" " By George ! I don't like to do it, you know--I swear I don't; but I sup pose your advilce I. good. I musnt say I do not fancy paslng 'through the 'nma c'hlnery of juadtlce-'the stinking police cells and maybe the stlnldng Ohl B'ailey and the stlinking Holloway as well. Don't like thie ilen, I say." " Nonsense. I have little doubt that youll find the plank bed nll the cells more enaLerlatning at least than. the stone stla) of the llnorgue." - "Don't speak of it, sir-not another word. I hnadn't thought of that, 'pole my soul-I tladn't. You make ity flesl creep." PThe ,straunger grinned for the first tIlalmec. Al'thllur huurackoullnldidge reo''td for 1ils hat, and irluctantly left nlhe carriage. lIe stod for :l illnment, Ils back to the collllartmlllent ad ilhis ]lanil still on the door. 'rTurning. hie minl : "Y+es, you're right. Ill do it; I'll give myself uip -and noi ccc wtilt IH lucu.aie of Inc. Ic. alllyne Is Lroeket Irielgli:; ol wlll, n-uIhoutI a dioubt, Isei It ill often enoungh 'i lih , \n\'ii p0p1r.0 dillrlig the next -nmosIt-h or so. tliii, wniteliver becioimeos of Ii(e. 'io., rll'. thiv-1 saved Imy life. WIVhuni • yti e 3iri e doin ,i'ii mie iit. gOi(1l turn or alnl vii nii hiis yeut to Ibe seelln btt Io-nii ', a't I:st. I 11. 1 g'te'ful, very gra01 eful. 'lIhon slot, keeps r'l-eur rting in, may niunt., yell knowv, nuid-w-ll, go,il-hIy. mny fr'ienid. nlil(l n God bless yeiil, Tnhe two I- , ,'laspe, hanis, gpuhing .Inhto se anlothers frace e naes Itly and eng. T'lne tirlantosrtied - witllh Ito usu unr:uekhng .tnrk. 'vhe heavy ounn ant Onuithitln-ni in iht core(nr, hInt brcoin-s ciirton 'te l rni, f,,hn ed, and his iy-s ixiid ci his nll ing foot. 'l tr ii |1' i -i' I it unit lirhns tril' froiii Wi-st Kenlitn-ntom llant iln. tIn' Slipped 'hIs hand into hits hrnalt iolI.t. and ni ovly drew furt- h the rivol' l. Pbse iint?nlre s-mnll Il.id; it hl ked blood. "Vlthlinnl| 'in' i.';cine- it rhe weailnHo , uit -hlniinl: it ai c ir i'rn i handle-.o a g hli nr illlli . he mlllilrt1 l'' : ni k'ly ih m ' hr-h, t ls-n-lutie the ih-r. Bunt he innmyis 'No, inoI nun' ll'. Ulnt iwo thn's auntd yorU' onll.' I belhive he Is as right In mar caeso as I wais la hi, and the balance is agalust me, against me shopelessly against me ; against me now and for all eternity. Hle said to mle; ' God 'bless you, sir I' I think that Is of good omlle. lie Is tle last I shall meet on i!bis earth, and lie said ' Gqd bless you, sir I'" IWith his tlhuullb he drew back thi hanrller of tile weapon untIl It "clicked" twice. " I may as well cud my flight by in stalllt;ileoly pulltting mI.self out of realt of mUy pullrsulll: ; anld It is bletter that I do It wit thle young ltll's words ringing i 11ily IIarI. lhe woo lyinig to hisleldath 1 fromrn nllile. He found life; I lind-' At illlinroersuinith Statllion the travel lers by iho train gatheredil roullnid the oonlliilllnivlt, to standl ilp-too and peleir ilnto it while 11he guiards were lifting Ithe colplse lup froai its sori'rowful Vl Ilspse ; iandl next morning's iapes con tailltne Ithe ntews of thle suicide of the Gray'nll 1111n ullllideer illld thie arrest lo Arthur Britekenlbrldge,-" Tlhe Lud gale." 