MY SILVER JUBILEE. (Copyright.) i jj BY LADY GILBERT. js Antlior of ' Banshee Cast.lc,' ' Hetty I Grey,' ' Four Little Mischicfs,' 'Gian- netta,' &e..; &c.; II wus not nt that timo partner in the big establishment of Silver, Smith, and 'Co.. hut having made my character as a careful custodian of their valuables, I fluttered my self that the cleverest swindler in London would liavo to givo it up if he were to try to plav tricks on me. It was about noon ou a bright day in tho height of the season, ..linn :i ulenrvnian of particularly gentlemanly | bi'iring anil elegant dress eaine softly into I our shop, and closed our swing door with a 4 lightness of touch significant rather of ro il linement than. of levity. r| 1 thought, as he approached the counter, a that I had never seen a more dignified incm | her of the Church establishment. He had 1 tlic type of fueo that suggests the cultured 3 leisure of the cathedral clonc. So typical 1 ho. that I felt almost sure [ had met him 1 before, aiid swiftly ran over in my mind tho | few occasions on which 1 had hovered round circles which would naturally be graced by such a presence. His black clothing was as soft as silk, his hands were spotless, tho hat lie wore was perfect, in its expression of a modesty which refrained from making claim for tho entire reverence due to thii wider brim of on archbishop. I '1 wish,' ho said, with a slight wave of j | the hand towards the glittering glass,casqs] [ behind me; ' to see somo handsome articles ? of silver for the use of tho table. In fact, I am in search of a wedding present fp.r my daughter. She hns.nlrpm'y lioori ^overwhelmed , wiu. personal ornaments, aud one hardly knows what to select.' I Ho put up his gold- rimmed eye glass, an eye-glass so clerical that it seemed as though i it had never been used before for any pur- J pose but reading the Bible, and stared mildly up and down the shelves on which jugs, ' tea-urns, ca''d-=lal-m, nnd all such para ?jjJiaraaliu in the most costly workmanship, were displayed. 1 promptly unlocked the doors and drew forth the treasures, and ranged thein on the counter in front of him. ' It was soon evident that he possessed an ex- ' quisite taste, - for all tho articles of more |- heavy and florid design were waved aside by i hi ill with a shudder of disapproval, while lie I hovered over the more delicately-constructed vessels with a deprecatory smile of satis- ?. faction, which seemed to say that, in aB far as 'his ascetic calling would permit, he was j pleased with these trifles, which were so manifestly of the frivolities and vanities of ? this lower world. , ; ' As he discoursed about. the merits and do ? j merits of the various articles, in low, per- ; suasive tones that suggested the pulpit,, a. carved and' cushioned pulpit dominating a ' silken-rustling audience, I found niyself 1 gradually coming under the spell of a singu lar fascination. Never had I met with a customer so intimately acquainted.witb, and fast so curiously well-informed on the subjects connected with that part of my businf.-ss \'A which was after my own heart. Ihad'al ?- ways had a taste for the more imaginative side of the metal- working art, and had even nude somo designs myself which liati been thought to be rather successful. When my clcrical customer murmured the riiinie of Benvenuto Cellipi almost as of one iid;iiad' »» known and loved, my. blood was stirred, and', [ ^iive myself up to the enjoyment of.ohe of ??if the most delightful conversations I h^d^ever ! S] n.age'd in. Having paid a., hurried visit, tp ] ;-j:k Italy myself, it was yet new to trio to hoar v 'l minute 'and technical descriptions! of the : .'1 mtique treasures to be- found in, for instance, '' \- :i the Florentine museums 'orMlie i Vatican;1 ?-'j Iroiu these ho flitted lightly to the posses-' j J sion of art of this kind contained inErigldnd; . even in unsuspected quarters, as far'as.tha j al general public is concerned. - j \ ' I myself have in my hands (as a sacred -,-.j deposit of trust, of course),' lie siiid, ' somo ' j of the most exquisite specimens of Church j vessels. Popish relics, ' no doubt, but still i.i l.crilnnM,. „ l,:..V„_-~ ? -T ?... \- ' view, US well as intrinsically valuable. in an extraord ' -j i ii, u y degree— a chalice, candlesticks used- on ,3 the private altar of the great Thomas , a lieekett. If you should bo travelling at . any time in my part of the country I Bhould be most happy toshowyou tbesecuriosities.' \- home words he let fall later on led ino to «; the conclusion that he was Archdeacon &5 somebody and my curiosity as to his identity «Tf considerably aroused. However, up to ?:ts this point he gave mo no information about ug hnnsolf, having all tile timo tho manner of a in, in who was everywhere known, and who vi expected to bo everywhere recognised/ I i u.neealed tfiefact. that I did not rucogniso- ' 4 him, and hung on hU words with the open .ulniiratiou to which lie* was evidently accus- , hmicd, though he accepted it with an air of \- modest deprecation. | ,,i But this will not help me through ui'y : business in London,' he said, suddenly, pull- | t--| m» himself up. ' I am in town only foivthe ?' J .UIU nave many unngs co ao. if lias oeen ;s quite a temptation to talk to s man wha is A; ?icquain ted with theso matters of rare and ? ancient art. I must really make my selec | lion, however, and tear myself away— '' Then came the business of clioicc, in which I am bound to Bay, he. showed himself a master. Ho made a collection of the most 3 dainty and elegant, as well as tile most costly ?;* articles in our establishment. i\ Von will say I am extravagant,' lie said,' with a smile. ' Providentfe has endowed fee j aiiiiusi, ioo large a snare or wealth — not y altogether as reveuuo from the Church, butra, A fcood deal as patrimony. In self-defence,! may. sj ''Id that I do not ;)hvays squander it in tb'is i:| very worldly und vain-glorious manner. rft~ut! || w hen. one has ari-.only daughter and slip'is || leaving one. also makingan alliance wiiii 'a noble house, well,- ono- feola.t li.at one, must, nut make her ashamed of her father.' My memory involuntarily made an effort to assure mo whether or not I had seen the announcement, of the approaching marriage of a nobleman with the daughter of au Arch deacon, but 1 was nimble to give attention to the subject, uud merely reflected that vory few brides have ever received a prettier gift of silver from :a generous father, than the lady for whom: this glittering collection had tj ' J-' J'. - J 'Mow,' ho said, when all was done, ' I \ have somo other places to go, and I shall call | in an hour for my purchases. ] shall | pay cash at oneu, and I shall ask you to have Hie change of a bank-note for £500; the | articles come to £250,1 think you said. Quite | right , yes, 1 shall bring the ilote from the | hank -Hank of England. It will bo more | satisfactory than a cheque.' J; 1 murmured professions of my unlimited | confidence in tills delightful representative I 1 may say it. of both Cod and Mammon. I However diriieult it may be to servo two | inastviv, here was ono who had learnt how to I do it., But thought could be no more than 1 fleeting aud fragmentary in company so ab f sorbing and so fascinating. As my customer I left the shop I again admired the eluganco of I his figure, tho dignity of his bearing, tho | severe perfection of his clerical habiliments. I I went to work to have tho silver articles I packed, and wus^oeeupied during tho whole ' of tho prescribed hour in litting thorn neatly into \ very largo box and enveloping them in clouds of safety-ensuring material. Punctual to timo the purchaser returned. I saw him alight from a hansom and stand for a moment making somo urbane remark to tho cabby, who seemed unwontedly well pleased with his faro, and I advanced to wards the door to receivo him with suitable empressement. I retired behind tho counter to count tho noteB and gold, amounting to £250, which I had provided as change for tho note for £500, which had been duly deposited in my hand. AVIiile doing so, pnrdence urged rne strongly to ascertain that the note was a genuine one before parting with the money of tho firm, yet it was with a twingo of remorse for (ho disloyalty of the suspicion that I despatched a trusted messenger to my bank with a lino in writing asking to bo satisfied with tho lionestv of the note. I kept my customer engaged in conversation until tho return of my envoy, who brought nie tho assurance that I had conlidently expected. The note was as good as any over issued by the Bank of England. I counted tho two hundred and fifty pounds ill notes and gold into his hand, and, at hia request, sent, a messenger for a cab to con ? „F ail.,-,, f.n t.hn ruil. vujr mm auu ui.o o.. . u. w u..~ . .... way station. He had dismissed tho han som of course, as a four-wheeler was neces sary for the accommodation of the box. Wo were standing in the middle of tho shop, tho box was in waiting near the door, and while we talked I held tho Bank of England note open in my hands. My clerical customer's parting words were as interesting as all the rest that had fallen from his lips, and I was reiilly rather regretful when the sound of a cab stopping at the door announcod that my intercourse with him was at an end. -... I will givo you my card,' werc^ his fare well words, presenting it to me, Arch deacon Sutherland, Venerable-Bede Hall, J ? ? shire, and if you should ever care to see those interesting curios — the old chalice. in particular, is worth :? visit- ? ' ' The entrance of a policeman out short the sentence. For some moments it was not apparent to me that the advent of this per son had any connection with the presence of tho Archdeacon, even though I saw the big man in uniform walk up to my customer and fix upon his amiable countenance a solemn stare, which might easily bo tho result of the magnetic power of the latter in compelling admiration. Not until the policeman stretched out a mighty arm and planted a rude hand familiarly on the Archdeacon's shoulder, saying, '? You're the man I want,' did I understand what the intruder meant. Then, glancing rapidly backward over the entire transaction in which this worthy clergy man had played a part, aud with a re assur ing look at the bank note in my hand, I felt indignantly confident that this was a case of mistaken identity. j ' I've got you this time,' the policeman went on, ' and a nieo dance you've led me. I What's he been up to hero V' turning to mo : with the contempt of a man who is obliged to suspect everybody for ono who has been too easily taken in. | ' You mako a mistake — an unpardonable mistake,' 1 began. ' This gentleman who has completed a most satisfactory purchase is Archdeacon— — ' j 'Oh, f know, '^said the policeman quietly. ' So he's been doing the clcrical, has he ? ..Last time he was an army, colonel ; time be fore that it was a h'American millionaire. Must say the clergy line is exceedingly be comin' to him. Might as well have readied up to' a Bishopric when lie wa3 about it. j , The wh'ole;list of 'em would be hard set to -fiiid a match for him in tho lookin' of the ';part.V,. ,- ~':; ; - ,r glanced from this vulgar servant of tile ' jaw to tlie.caiin countenance of the venerable J accused, _wlio seemed to disdain all attempt at self-defence, only murmured as he turned, his eVes upon me and elevated his brows ^ ' ' It is quite; too absolutely ridiculous 1 ? The man must be'intoxicated ? -' ' This person, sir,' Baid the policeman, 'is: one of the most notorious swindlers we've got in Europe. Tliore lBn't a city that ho hasn't grabbed in. An eel is a fool to him -inthe wav jio has of slippin' through thoV fingers of the force.' . l JVU .IUUBIi. J1U HUB . UUUU UUL1II1J(J. WlUlliJ here,' 1 remonstrated. ' He has made a handsome purchase, and paid for lt .on tho spot.' ' i..-. Howdul ho pay you for jt ?' ' ; j I held up tho note which was still in my hand. ' Hum ! Bank of England: Will you , allow mo to -look at it V -Ju3t as.I should have expected— a forgery !' . , : ' Impossible,' I declared. ' I have just received the assurance of tho Bank'that the note is a genuine one.' The policeman smiled pityingly. . ' I know them bank gents,' ho said, ' as easily taken in as yourself, sir, bogging -your pardon. It takes a man like me to detect the tricks of such as lie. Let me tako another lookattho note.' Ho took it from my liand and walked to the closed glass door to'exaiilihe it.. After a full- minute ho returned and placed'it in my hand. ' . : ' Keep it, sir, and bo 'appy,' he said. '* If that's not a forgery -I'll go to gaol myself for. the mortal remains of iny life.' - I looked at the accused dignitary and Baw that a change had now come over him. ' He glanced uneasily at the' note, and turned green, and then white. ' 'Try to get -liim out of thia,:' for God's sake,' he whispored to me, ' arid let mo.go I am no mutch for him. Give mo back my note, and I will give you your change, and leave you your silver- — ' ? '.Don't bo bo frightened, sir,' I said; ' luivo courage,' and nil will bo well.' ? V Nothin' easier than to prove your inno cence befuro a magistrate,', said the police uiari.' ' But how about those other little 'matters f hat-you have been wanted for? At a'll event's there's a' cab waitin' for you at the aiidvtyou'll have to come along. Oh, you would,, would, you?' as the p»t»r Arch deacon struggled against tile disgrace of the :;handciiffs forced upon him. ' I would rather act, quietly in n. respectable establishment, but I may lis well tell you that there's a good, njany of. the force waitin' outpide for a whistle from me, and we can lay you by the heels, and tako you that way if you prefer it.' Hearing this my unfortunate customer sub sided in despair, nnd suffered himself to bo handcuffed audxoudneted to tho cab. ' Now, sir,' Baid tho policeman to ino, ' this ib a big business, and you're a lucky man to haVo got no further hi it. You have this box of silver put in the cab. I'm goin to take the prisoner before the nia'is- trato at once, and the silver must bo pro duced, and you will liavo to accompany iis to swear to your property, Oh, it's u big box! There won't be room for all of us. You will have to follow us in a second cab, aud you must bring the Hank of England note with you. I ought to tako possession of it with tho rest, of tho things in evidence,- but per- I haps you would be better satisfied to keep I hold of it yourself. ' I tcized my hat, gavo a few hurried in structions to my subordinates, and walked out of the iloor just as a sccond cab drovo up, that which had been sent for before the arrival of tho policoman. After a few re assuring wordB, spoken through tho window of tho first cab to my poor archdeacon, who was as pale as a ghost nnd looked ready to weep, and with a satisfied look at tho box of silver, which was carefully stowed on tho seat by the policeman, who kept his hand up on it, I got into tho sccond cab, giving orders to the driver to keep tho first cab iu view and to follow on it closely. My reflections, as I was driving along, were curiously mixed. I was quite at easo with regard to tho property, for, not only was the silver in charge of the police, but I held in my possession the archdeacon's Bank of England note for £500. Tho £250 in tho archdeacon's pocket were also in ehargc of the police. There could be no risk of los3 to tho firm even in case it should be proved that my fascinating archdeacon was indeed an unholy fraud. But I could not accept tho possibility of such a conclusion to this ad~ venture. ' As wc rattled through tlio thoroughfares I put my head out of the cab window from time to time to see that we were following closoly on the other cab, and for a consider able timo I had it well in view. At last the leading vehicle got a good way ahead of us, and though I thought I could still see it, I began to get a little uneasy. However, after another Bliort interval my cabman puffed up, and assured mo over his shoulder that a block of tratiic had got between him and the d!tb he was to follow, and that he had quite lo3t sight of it. ' Never mind,' I said, and gavo him the address, of tho magistrate's court; ' that iB where wo have to go. If you drive fast now you will overtake them.' After half-an-hour's further driving wo ! arrived lit tho court. ' I jumped out of the cnb, and gazed around me. There was no appearance of another cab, or of my friend tho archdeacon or of tho policeman. I thought that if tliey had arrived first, some one would have been in waiting to direct mo how to proceed, so coueluded that after all, we had mado tho better speed, I lingered about the door for somo time, and then I [ went in to mako enquiries. Nothing had ever been heard thero of tho persons I was in | pursuit of, and I hastened to tell my story to the magistrate. /'in hnnri nrr t.lin P'iR« ct.ntnrl hrt im asked to seo tho five hundred pound note. 'I should any that your policeman was right,' ho said, ' and that tho note is a fraud.' ' But tho Bank ? ' 1 thiuk you had better take it to the Bank/' he suggested. [followed his advice, and the Bank pro nounced I he note to be a forgery. I referred to the information sent me only an hour or so earlier as to this identical note. , ' This is not the identical note, '.was the reply. ' An exchange has been effected.' ' Bat it never left my hand,' I protested, except for about a minute while the police man examined it.' The Bank official looked grave. ' It was a elever trick,' he said. * ' But the policeman- ? ' ' An accomplice without doubt. I, never, heard of a more cunningly, -devised swindle.' Years have passed since I lost sight of that receding cab in a London thoroughfare, and' no news of either Archdeacon or policemau has ever since reached me. '* The affair was a great dilficulty in my career, bat I outlived the misfortune, and can afford to speculate with good humour on the possibilities of the ease. I. still remember the Archdeacon with a kind of affection, and I never see the fonn of a tall, dignified ecclesiastic enter our place of business without, a thrill of half expectation that here is my venerable friend returning to tell me the sequel of this tale, and to recount to moduli lie has suffered, 1 since T saw him, at the hands of that ingeni- 1 ou3 and villainous robber— the pretended' policeman. ^ j ' rAnd.afc these moments I am fain to put . ;Qutiof' hiindlhc glaring fact that inquiries ' made throughout ? shire had resulted in ! assuring me of tho absolute non-existence of Archdeacon Sutherland, aud the Venerable Bede-Hall, his interesting residence. (The End.) 