THE DEMON. It is, I confess, with considerable reluctance that I approach the strange narrative which I am about to relate. The events which I purpose detailing are of so extraordinary a character that I am quite prepared to meet with an unusual amount of incredulity and scorn. I accept all such beforehand. I live on a quiet street in New York. The house is in some respects a curious one. It has enjoyed for the last two years the reputation of being haunted. It is a large and stately residence, surrounded by what was once a garden, but which is now only a green enclosure used for bleaching clothes. The dry basin of what has been a fountain, and a few fruit-trees, ragged and unpruned, indicate that this spot in past days was a pleasant, steady retreat, filled with fruits and flowers, and the sweet murmur of waters. The house is very spacious. A hall of noble size leads to a large spiral staircase, winding through its centre, while the various apartments are of imposing dimensions. It was built some fifteen or twenty years since, by a well-known New York merchant, who, five years ugo, threw the commercial world into convulsions by a stupendous bank fraud. He escaped to Europe, and died not long after of a broken heart. Almost immediately after the news of his decease reached this country and was verified, the report spread in the neighbourhood that the house was haunted. Legal measures had dispossessed the widow of its former owner, and it was inhabited merely by a care-taker and his wife, placed there by the house agent into whose hands it had paused for purposes of renting or sale. These people declared that they were troubled with unnatural noises. Doors were opened without any visible agency. The remnants of furniture scattered through the various rooms were, during the night, piled one upon the other by unknown hands. Invisible feet passed up and down the stairs in broad daylight, accompanied by the rustle of unseen silk dresses and the gliding of viewless hands along the massive balusters. The caretaker and his wife declared they would live there no longer. The house agent laughed, dismissed them, and put others in their place. The noises and supernatural manifestations continued. The neighbourhood caught up the story, and the house remained untenanted for three years. Several persons negotiated for it; but somehow always before the bargain was closed they heard the unpleasant rumours, and declined to treat any further. It was in this state of things that our landlady, who wished to remove further up-town, conceived the bold idea of renting this house. Happening to have rather a plucky and philosophical set of boarders, she laid her scheme before us, stating candidly everything sho had heard respecting the ghostly qualities of the establishment to which she wished to remove us. With the exception of two timid persons—a sea captain and a returned Californian, who immediately gave notice that they would leave — all of Mrs. Moffat's guests declared that they would accompany her in her chivalric incursion into the abode of spirits. Of course we had no sooner established ourselves than we began to expect the ghosts. We absolutely awaited their advent with eagerness. Our dinner conversation was supernatural. One of the boarders, who had purchased Mrs. Crowe's " Night Side of Nature " for his own private delectation, was regarded as a public enemy by the entire household for not having bought twenty copies. The man led a life of supreme wretchedness while he was reading this volume. A system or espionage was established of which he was the victim. If he incautiously laid the book down an instant and left the room, it was immediately seized and read aloud to a select few. I found myself a person of immense importance, it having leaked out that I was tolerably well versed in the history of supernaturalism, and had once written a story the foundation of which was a ghost. If a table or a wainscot panel happened to warp when we were assembled in the large drawing- room, there was an instant silence, and everyone was prepared for an immediate clanking of chains and a spectral form. Things were in this state when an incident took place so awful and inexplicable in its character that my reason fairly reels at the bare memory of the occurrence. It was the tenth of July. After dinner was over I repaired, with my friend Dr. Hammond, to my rooms to take our evening pipe. Independent of certain mental sympathies which existed between the doctor and myself, we were linked together by a vice—we both smoked opium, We know each other's secret and respected it. We enjoyed together that wonderful expansion of thought, that mar- vellous intensifying of the perceptive faculties, that boundless feeling of existence when one seems to have points of contact with the whole universe—in short, that unimaginable spiritual bliss which I would not surrender for a throne, and which I hope you, reader, will never, never taste. Those hours of opium happiness which the doctor and I spent together in secret were regulated with a scicntific accuracy. We did not blindly smoke the drug of paradise, and leave our dreams to chance. While smoking, we carefully steered our conversation through the brightest and calmest channels of thought. We talked of the East, and endeavoured to recall the magical panorama of its glowing scenery. We criticised the most sensuous pools—those who painted life ruddy with health, brimming with passion, happy in the possession of youth, and strength, and beauty. If we talked of Shakespeare's " Tempest," we lingered over Ariel, and avoided Caliban. This skilful colouring of our train of thought produced in our subsequent visions a corresponding tone. The splendours of Arabian fairy-land dyed our dreams. Houses, walls, and streets melted like rain-clouds, and vistas of unimaginable glory stretched away before us. It was a rapturous companionship. We enjoyed the vast delight mora perfectly because, even in our most ecstatic moments, we were conscious of each other's presence. Our pleasures, while individual, were still twin, vibrating and moving in musical accord. On the evening in question, the tenth of July, tho doctor and myself drifted into an unusually metaphysical mood. We prepared and lit our pipes, filled with the bubble of opium that, like the nut in the fairy tale, held within its narrow limits wonders beyond the reach of kings. But a strange perversity dominated the currents of our thoughts. They would not flow through the sun-lit channels into which we strove to divert them. Iasensibly we yielded to the occult force that swaycd us, and, indulged in gloomy speculation. We had talked some time upon the proneness of the human mind to mysticism, and the almost universal love of the terrible, when Hammond suddenly said to me: "What do you consider to be the greatest element of terror ?" The. question puzzled me. That many things were terrible, I knew. Stumbling over; a corpse in the dark; beholding, as I once did, a woman floating down a deep and rapid river, with wildly lifted arms, and awful, upturned face, uttering, as she drifted, shriek's that rent one's heart, while we, the spectators, stood frozen at a window which overhung the river ot a height of sixty foot, unuble to make the slightest effort to save her. but dumbly watching her last supreme agony and her disappearance. A shattered wreck, with no life visible, encountered floating listlessly on the ocean, is a terrible object, for it suggests a huge terror, the proportions of which are veiled. But it now struck me for the first time that there must be one great and ruling embodiment of fear — a King of Terrors to which all others must succumb. To what train of circumstances would it owe its existence ? " " I confess, Hammond," I replied to my friend, I never considered the subject before. That there must be one—something more terrible than any other thing, I feel, I cannot attempt, however, even the most vague definition." ' " I am something like you, Harry," he answered. " I feel my capacity to experience a terror greater than anything yet conccivcd by the human mind—something combining in fearful and unnatuial amalgamation hitherto supposed incompaliblo elements. The calliug of the voices in Brockden Brown's novel of "Wieland" is awful; so is the picture of the Dweller on the Threshold, in Bulwer's * Zanoni'; but," he added, shaking his head gloomily, "there is something more honihle than these." " Look here, Hammond," I rejoined, " let us drop this kind of task, for heaven's sake. Wc shall suffer for it, depend upon it." " Well, good-night, Harry. Pleasant dreams to you." " To you, gloomy wretch, afreets, ghouls, and enchanters." We parted, and each sought his respective chamber. I undressed quickly and got into bed, taking with me, according to my usual custom, a book, over which I generally read myself to sleep. I opened the volume as soon as I had laid my head upon the pillow, and instantly flung it to the other side of the room. It was Goudon's " History of Monsters," a curious French work, which I had lately received from Paris, but which, in the state of mind I had then reached, was anything but an agreeable companion. I resolved to go to sleep at once; so turning down my gas until nothing but a little blue point of light glimmered on the top of the tube, I composed myself to rest. The room was in total darkness. The atom of gas that still remained alight did not illuminate a distance of three inches around the burner. I desperately drew my arm across my eyes, as if to shut nut even the darkness, and tried to think of nothing. It was in vain. The themes touched on by Hammond kept obtruding themselves on my brain. I battled against them. I erected ramparts of would-be blankness of intellect to keep them out. They still crowded upon me. While I was lying still as a corpse, hoping that by a perfect physical inaction I should hasten mental repose, an awful incident occurred. A Something dropped, as it seemed, from the ceiling upon my chcst,and the next inBtant I felt two bony hands cncircling my throat endeavouring to choke me. I am no coward, &nd; am possessed of considerable physical strength. The suddenness of the attack, instead of stunning me, strung every nerve to its highest tension. My body acted upon instinct before my brain had time to realise the terrors of my position. In an instant I wound two muscular orma around the creature, and squeezed it, with all the strength of despair, against my chest. In a few seconds the bony hands that had fastenod on my throat looBened their hold, and I was free to breathe once more. Then commenced a struggle of awful intensity. Immersed in the must profound darkness, totally ignorant of the nature of the Thing by which I was so suddenly attacked, finding my grasp slipping ever}' moment,by reason.it seemed to me, of the entire nakedness of my assailant, bitten with sharp teeth in the shoulder, neck, and chest, having every momcnt'to protect my throat against a pair of sinewy, agile bands, which iny utmost efforts could not confine—these were a combination of circumstances to combat which required all the strength, skill, and courage that.I possossed. . . At last, after a silent, deadly, oxhausting struggle, I got my assailant under by a series of incredible efforts of strength. Once pinned, with mv knee on what I made out to be its clicst, I knew that I was victoi. I rested for a moment to breathe. I heard the creature beneath me panting in the darkness, and I felt the violent throbbing of a heart. It was apparently as exhausted as I was; that was one comfort. At this moment I remembered that I usually placed under my pillow, before going to bed, a large, yellow, silk pockct-handkorchicf. I felt for it instantly; it was there. In a few seconds inoro I had, after a fashion, pinioned the crcature'B arms, I now felt tolerably secure. There was nothing more to be done but to turn on tho gas, and having first scon what my midnight assailant was like, aiouse the household. I will confess to being actuated by a certain pride in not giving the alarm before; I wished to make tho capture alone and unaided. Never losing my hold for an instant, I slipped from the bed to the floor, dragging my captivo with me. I had but a few steps to reach tho gas-burner; theso I made with the greatest caution, holding the creature in a grip like a vice. At last I got-within arms length of the tiny speck of blue light which told mo where the gas-burnor waB. Quick as lightning I released my grip with one hand, and let on tho full flood of light. Then I turned to look at my captive. I can not even attempt to give any definition of my sensations the instant after I turned on tho gas. I suppose I must have shrieked with terror, for in less than a minute afterward the room was crowded with the inmates of tho blouse. I shudder now as I think of that awful moment. I saw nothing! Yes; I had one arm firmly clasped round a breathing, panting, coiporcal shape; my other hand gripped with all its strength a throat as apparently fleshy as my own; and yet, with this living substance in my grasp, with'its body pressed against my own, and in all the bright glare of gaB, I absolutely behold nothing. Not even an outlino—a vapor. It breathed.- I felt its breath upon my cheek. It struggled fiercely. It had hands They clutched me. Its skin was smooth like my own. There, it lay, pressed CIOBO up against mo, solid as stone, and yet utterly invisible. Just then Hammond catered my room at the head of the household. As soon as ho beheld my face—.which, I suppose, must hate been an atyful Bight to look at—be hastened forward, crying: " Great heavens, Hany, whathas happened ?" " Hammond i'Hnmmondl" I cried, " come here. Oh, this iB awful. I have been nt-« tacked in bed by something or other, whicn I have hold of; but I can't see it; I can't see it!" Hammond, donhtless struck by the horror expressed in my. countenance, inndo one or two steps forwnrd with an anxions vot puzzled expression^ A very audible titter buret from the remainder of my visitors. Thisisupprossed Jjiufihter made me furious. So RTCTIT WJIH niy y rage\\.ngmnkt -the mocking crowd that had I tho power' I" would' have Btrickcn them dead where they 1st ood:. " Hammond! ^Hammond!" I .criedagain, despairingly, "for, Mod's sake c'omcto me. lean hold the Thing but a' short while longer. It is .overpowering mo. Help me! 1 help nio!" | ' j. me, "you bave been smoking too much opium." " I swear to you, Hammond, that it is no vision," I answered, in the same low tone. " Don't you see how it shakes my whole frame with its struggles ? If you don't believe me, convince yourself, Feel it: touch it." Hammond advanced, and laid his hand on the Bpot I indicated. A wild cry of horror burst from him. He had felt it t In a moment he had discovered somewhere in my room a long piece of cord, and was the next instant winding it and knotting it about the body of the unseen being that I clasped in my arms. Harry," he said, in a hoarse voice—for though he preserved his presence of mind, he was deeply agitatod—" Harry, it's all safe now; you may let go if you are tired. TliiB Thing can't move." I was utterly exhausted,and I gladly loosed my hold. Hammond stood holding the ends of the cord that bound tho Invisiblo, twisted round his hand, while before him, selfsupporting, as it were, was a rope laced and interlaced, and stretching tightly around a vacant space.' The confusion which ensued among the guests of the house who were witnesses of thiB extraordinary scene between Hammond und myself—who beheld the pantomime of binding this struggling Something— who beheld mo almost sinking from physical exhaustion when my task of jailorWOB over— the confusion and terror that took possession of the by-standers when tlicy saw all this was beyond description. The weaker ones fled from tho apartment. The fow who remained clustered near the door, and could not bo induced to approach Hammond and hiB charge. Still incredulity broke out through their terror. They had not the courage to satisfy themselves, and yet they doubted. I gave a sign to Hammond, and both of us—conquering our fearful repugnance to touch the invisible creature—lifted it from tho ground, manacled as it was, and took it to my bed. ITB weight was about that of a boy of fourteen. " Now, my friends," I said, as Hammond and myself held the creature suspended over tho bed, " I can give you self- evident proof that here is a solid, ponderable body, which, nevertheless, you can Ben. Be good enough to watch the surface of the bed attentively." The eyes of thn by-standers were immediately fixed on the bed. At a given signal Hammond and I let the creature fall. There was a dull Bound, as of a heavy body alighting on a soft mass. Tho bod creaked. A deep impression marked itself distinctly on the pillow, and on the bed itself. The crowd who witnessed this gave a low cry, and rushed from the room. Hammond and I were alone with onr mystery. We remained silentfor some time, listening to thelow, irregular breathing of the creature on the bed, and watching the ruBtle of the bed-clothes as it impotently struggled to free itself from confinement. Then Hammond spoke: " Let as reason a little, Harry. Here is a solid body which we touch, but which we can not see. The fact is so unusual that it strikes us with terror. Is there no parallel, though, for such a phenomenon? Take a piece of pure glass. It is tangible and transparent. A certain chemical coarseness iB all that prevents its being so entirely transparent as to be totally invisible. It is not theoretically impossible, mind yon, to make a glass so pure and homogeneous in its atoms that the rays from the sun will pass through it as they do through the air, refracted bnt not reflected. We do nut see the air, and yet we feel it." " That's all very . well, Hammond, but these are inanimate substances. Glass does not breathe; air does not breathe. This thing lias a heart that palpitates—a will that moves it—lungB that play,and inspire and respire." Hammond shook his head and was silent. We watched together, smoking many pipes, all night long by the bedside of the unearthly being that toBBcd and panted until it was apparently wearied out. : Then we learned by tho low, regular breathing that it Blept. The next morning the house was all astir. The boarders congregated on the landing outside my room, and Hammond and myself were lions. We had to answer a thousand questions as to the state of our extraordinary prisoner, for as yet not one person in tbe house except ooursclvcs could be induced to set foot in the apartment. The creatnro was awako. This was evidenced by the convulsive manner in which the bedclothes were moved in its efforts to escape. There was something truly terrible in beholding, as it were, these struggles for liberty which yet were invisible, Hammond and myself had racked our brains during the night to discover some means by which we might realize the shape and general appearance of the Enigma. As well as we could make out, by passing our hands over the creature's form, its outlines and lineaments were human. Thoro was a mouth: a round, Bmooth head without hair: a nose which, however, was little elevated abovo tho checks; and its hands and feet felt like those of a boy. At first we thought of placing the Being on a smooth surface and tracing its outline with chalk, as shoemakers trace the outline of a foot. This plan was given up as of no value. Such an outline would not give the slightest idea of its conformatioa. A happy thought struck me. Wo would take a cast of it in plaster. This would give us the solid figure, and satisfy ail our wishes. But bow to do it? The movements of the creature would disturb the setting of the plastic covering, and diBtort the mould. Another thought. Why not give it chloroform? • It had respiratory organs—that wan evident by its breathing. Once reduced to a state of insensibility, we could do with it what we would. A doctor was sent for, and after the physician had recovered from the first shock of amazement he proceeded to administer the chloroform. In three minutes afterward we wero enabled to remove the fotters from tbe creature's body, and a moil oiler was busily engaged in covering the invisible form with tho moist day. In five minutes more wo had a mould, and before evening a rough fac- simile of the mystery. It was shaped likea man—distorted,uncouth, and horrible, bnt still.a man. It vrassmall, not over four feet and some inches in height, and its limbs revealed a muscular development that was unparalleled. Its face Bur- • passed in hideousness anything 1 had ever seen. Gustave Dore never conceived anything so horrible. It- was the physiognomy of what I should fancy a gbonl might be. It looked as ,if it was . capable, of feeding on human flcah. ..:. . Having satisfied our ciiposity, and bound every one in the honse to secrecy, it became a question what was to be done with our Enigma? It was impossible that we should keep such a horror in tho house; it was equally impossible that such' an'awful being should be let loose upon tho world. I confess that I would have gladly voted for the creature's. destruction, lint who would shoulder the responsibility? Wljo ..would' .undertake the execution of this horrible semblance of a Known being? "' « 'Tho rrioBt singular part' of the.affair jyas that we 'wero entirely ig^oijot of wli&tthe; creature/habitually fed/on. ; Everything In tli: way of nutti merit tliut we could think of wus placed before it, Tiut was never touched, It was awful to stand by, diyjlfcer day, una Bee the clothes toss, and hear the hard breutliing, and know it was dying, > Ten, twelve days, a fortnight passed, and it still lived. The pulsations of the heart, however, were daily growing fainter, and had now nearly ceaBed. It was evident that the creature was dying for want of sustenance. While this terrible life struggle was going on 1 felt miserable. I could not sleep. Horrible as the creature was, it was pitful to think of the pangB it was suffering. At last it died. Hammond and t found it cold and stiff one morning in the bed. The heart had ceased to beat, the lungs to inspire. We hastened to bnry it in the garden. It was a Etrsngo funeral, the dropping of (hat viewless corpse into the damp hole. The cast of its form Hammond has Btill. As I am oo the eve of a long journey, from which I may not return, I have drawn up thiB narrative of an event the moBt singular that has ever come to my knowledge.—Fitz- JamcB O'Brien iu the Argonaut." 