WollonitoiiK l*re»b)tiM-ii-ii Church. Induction ov the Rev. C. A. White, B.A. On Tuesday evening tho Rev. C. A. White, lato of Windsor, was inducted into the pastoral charge of tho Wollongons Presbyterian Churoh in succession to the late Eev. Andrew Mickay, whoso connection, after three years' sorvico, was removed by the hand v of death on 22ud December, 1899. The proceedings commenced at half-past seven, in the proseuce of a v»ry large gathering, representative of the whold of tho Erotostaot denominations Among tho clergymen present wero Eiva. E. Inglis, M..A. (Nowra), E. Millar (Albion Park), J. Burgess (Kiama), J. Adams (Blayney), Liwrio .fBiilli). An opologv was received from Eev. D. M'Lsnnan (Berry). MeBsrs M'Gill aud John EichardsGn '(elders) were also present. The service wus conducted by the Eev. E. Inglis, who preached a powerful sermon based on the text ' For he was a good man, and full of tho Holy Ghost and faith, and much poople were added unto the Lord.'— 11th chap. Acts, 24th verso. . Kev. J Burgess (presbytery clerk) rolutwl the steps that led up to tbe meeting that evening, after wbich the solemn and impressive coromony was proceeded with.v The usual questions were put to and answerod by tho minister- oleot and the concreeation. the Kev. Mr White being then declared duly inducted into tho charge of the WoIInngong Presbyterian Church. Tho members of tho Presbytery und of the session having giTen the. nowly-inducted Minister the ' Eight hand of fellowship.' Eov. J. Lawrie delivered the charge to tho Minister and tho congregation. Addrosfing the Bev. Mr White, he reminded him of the responsibility of the position ho occupied in the night of God— of his duty to teach where teaching was required; to comfort where sorrow prevailed; ever soaking the great end and aim of the Christian Ministry— the bringing of all men to Christ In committing the charge of the Woilongong Presbyterian Church into his hands they commended him to God and His grace. To the congregation, the speaker reminded those present that a minister of the Gospel looked for sympathy just the same as another man. They must do their part towards him and towards themselves as well. If the union was to be .successful they must give the Minister their confidence. Let them work together, ever considering one another, aud always earnest in prayer.— Mercury. A gigantio mining enterprise is about to be embarkod upon in German West Africa. Gold, silvdr, copper, and lead ores have been found in great abundance at a spot about 400 miles in land from Wolfish Bay. The Anglo-German West' African Company, which includes Mr Ceoil Ehodes, Mr Wernher, Mr Beit, and other notabilities, intend spending £100,000 with the object of ascertaining whether ores exist in sufficient quantities to warrant complete de velopment. Should this prove to bo the case, a railway will bo constructed from Walsh Bay at a cost of {£2.000,000, and an enormous sum will also* be spent on the development of the mines. An expedition to the new Eldorado left England last month. Mr Christopher James, of Swan sea, a mining expert of great experience in California and Mexico, will lead the party, and a body of Cornish miners. The defensive armour of the Assyrians consisted of a metal helmet, a leather coat of mail, and a shield ; tho .woapons were spear, sword, bow and dagger. Australia's warm and lovoly climo Is not witho'it its suddsii changes, More noticed in tha wiutor timo. When bail uud -now fall on the ranges. The wind blows hard aud biting cold, And finds our wpakest ports for sure, And gives us coughs until we're told To .take some Woods' Groat 1'oppermint Cure, 