NADINE, THE RUSSIAN, A THRILLING TALE OF THE GREATBLUE DIAMOND. By L. T. MEADE. Author of "The Siren," "The Wooing of Monica," "The Yellow Drawing room," "Dr. Ramsey's Patient," "The Voice of the Charmer," "Stories from the Diary of a Doctor," etc., etc. COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XXV.--Continued. So the two turned quickly in the di rection of Sternoff's shop, and in a few minutes they had entered by the open door and stood by the counter. The proprietor of the shop was within. He was well-dressed, and loked spruce and apparently in the best of spirits. There was .no one else in the shop. He glanced from Nancy to Cardew, and then said with a smile: "My friends of the street corner! And what can I do to assist you both this inorning? Do you, sir, want a ring for your sweetheart? I have a goodly show in this drawer, most of them second-hand, and at all prices to meet every purchaser." "We do not want to see any of your rings," replied Cardew. "This young woman and I have come here to ask you one or two plain questions." "If 'the questions do not relate to my business I must ask you to call another time," was Sternoff's answer. "But it happens that they do relate to your business; I will therefore take the opportunity of putting them to you at once,'.' said Cardew in a determined voice. "In the first place I wish to know what you have done with a boy Peter Watson, who was in my company this day week between 9 and 10 o'clock in. the evening. You claimed the boy as your servant and took him away with you." "If you allude to a red-headed lad about 14 years of age, Watson by name. I certainly brought him here, and had a right to do so," retorted Sternoff. "You have no right to kidnap him, however. He has not returned 'to his 'mother's home from that date; he must be found immediately." "Oh, he is missing, is he, the young rogue?" answered ' Sternoff, but there came a twinkle of mingled malice and amusement into his eyes. "Well, sir, I have nothing to do with that. I dis missed the young scoundrel from my employment the next morning. You, sir, had put notions into his head by no means suitable to a message boy, and I was forced to give him the sack. It is nearly' a week since he left me, sir; I know nothing whatever about him, nor am I responsible for his whereabouts." "It is always invidious to doubt the word of a gentleman," said Cardew slowly, "but of course, Mr. Sternoff, you have no objection to having your pre mises searched?" "Not the slightest," answered Ster noff, "as soon as you can produce a war rant to show that you have a right to do so." "That I can quickly obtain. And now for my second question," continued Cardew. "This young woman, Mr. Sterr.nff, happens to be a servant in the employment of Mr. and Mrs. Temple, of 18 Eaton Square. She is the under housemaid. Last night, in the absence of Mrs. Temple's maid, Nadine Oloffson, she took her place and looked after her mistress. Nadine went out last night at what hour, Nancy Price?" "Between 8 and 9," answered Nancy, glibly. "Since then," continued Cardew, "she has not returned. We are under the Impression that she came here." "I do not receive all stolen goods," said Sternoff, with the ghost of a smile. "'I certainly cannot tell you where Miss Oloffson is." ' "You can at least say if she visited you last night?" Sternoff was silent for a moment, then he said slowly: "I see no objection to answering you in the affirmative. She did come in for a minute or two. She happens' to be'a very old friend of mine. : She left my shop before 9 o'clock, however, as she was in a hurry home." ' "And you can tell us nothing what ever further about her?" "Ncthing; and as your object here seems to be to insult me I 'will request you both to leave my shop at once." -Cardew turned and spoke to Nancy. S"We can do nothing further here," he 'said in a low tone, "at least for the pre sent." He did not even wait to say good-bye to Sternoff, but went imme diately into the street, Nancy following 'him. They had scarcely done so before the door of the shop was opened, and a smart-looking boy in the dress of a district messenger came in and handed 'Sternoff a note. He opened it, uttered a. hasty exclamation, and then turned to -the boy. "I will attend to the contents, there is no answer," he said, and he pushed his hand through his thick black hair. The boy, his business over, immediately left the shop, and Sternoff went and shut the door. "What does this mean?" he said to himself. "So Nadine, pretty Nadine, my birdling of whom I was so proud, has come to the end of her resources. Kiqocked down by a 'bus as she was going back to Eaton Square last night. Seriously ill but wants to see me. In Guy's Hospital; not expected to re cover. Wants to see me, does she? Doubt if she'll get me. This will come hard on me, and I am bound to think of myself first. Nadine is the sort of girl to confess when all is up, and if she confesses it will make things pretty hot for me. I.don't mean to put myself into the jaws of the lion. I can see that it is time for Ivan Sternoff to leave this inhospitable country. Yes, my pretty Nadine, I shall go-and with the Blue Diamond. I'll be off within half-an hour. That suspicious-looking spy fel low who was in just now will be back in double quick time to search the house. He will find Peter Watson down stairs, and Peter will be in the sort of humour to tell him things which I would much rather the detective fellow didn't know. I have just half-an-hour to get under way. Long before the detective can get the warrant the diamond and I will be off. What a good thing it is that I keep no other servants, and that I have been preparing for this dark hour dur ing the last six weeks." Sternoff now went hastily ihto his back premises. He returned in a very few moments, so completely metomor phuo:ed in appearance that no ordinary person would have recognised him. He left the shop a moment later. The people in the street took little or no notice of him; he was just the sort of individual who would patronise Ivan Sternoff's shop-bent, broken-down, white-haired. He was supposed to have sold something there, quite an ordinary thing to do. The shop door was left open on purpose, and Ivan Sternoff, with the Blue Dia mond sewn into his waistcoat pocket, had left the premises never meaning to return. Lil LaWford was unhappy. In vain Mrs. Cardew smiled her brightest, and spoke in her most sunshiny manner, in vain she tempted the invalid with thh choicest dainties which she could pos sibly cook, Strong supplying all the needful funds-there was no dainty too great to offer the sick girl. In vain did little Jim number two smile and crow and put on his most captivating ways for the benefit of the new inmate of No. 10, Acacia Villas. Lil was sad when everyone around her seemed to be in the highest state of hilarity. Even Cardew, when he arrived in the evenings, could do no thing to cheer his guest. He laid him self out for her amusement, he sang his gayest songs, and whistled in, as Mrs. Cardew expressed it, a really masterly fashion, but Lil was not captivated by the music or the whistling, or the honest cheerful words of the poor fel low. Her nights were absolutely wake ful, and ever and ever two things stared her in the face. She was a thief. She had taken the Blue Diamond and she ought to confess. Lil used to read her Bible, and to turn to those passages which exhorted con fession. On Sunday she insisted on going to the nearest church, and when the clergyman read aloud those parts: of the church service which spoke of con fession of sin she trembled, and it seemed to her that the finger of God was pointing at her, that the voice of God was saying, "Without confession of sin there is no forgiveness," and the thought of what she supposed she had done, and the need she felt to relieve her mind and make the only restitution in her power, became so great that her bodily strength was seriously under mined. "In the end it must be discovered," she thought, "and father and. mother will know it, and it is best for the thing to' be over, and for me to have told the truth. Oh, what shall I do!" On the night which Nancy had spent in Mrs. Temple's company, the night when Nadine Oloffson had met with that severe accident' which had. caused her to be conveyed in an unconscious state to Guy's Hospital, 'Lil's desire to relieve hberself by confession rose to fever height. As the morning broke she slowly made up her mind. "I'll do it!" she said to herself. "It doesn't matter what Nancy says, and it doesn't matter what Mrs. Cardew or Mr. Cardew say, I'll do it. I'll see Beat rix and tell her; I'll go to the house. She can have me arrested.immediately after. I will tell her the truth." Lil now having made up her mind, felt a certain amount of relief. She had no money whtever in her purse, Cardew enjoining on. his wife on no ac count to give their erratic guest so much as sixpence.' But still she felt that in some sort of way she could reach.Eaton Square. It was Mrs. Cardew's custom to go out soon after breakfast to do her day's marketing. She always carried a bas ket with her. and if the weather was fne' the little nurse, a girl of 15 years of age,_vent also, carrying the baby. Now on this special day it was very fine, the sun shone and the winds were quiet. It was a spring day in midwinter and nature seemed to rejoice, and there was a feel in the air which told those who were happy and hopeful that spring was not far off, and summer would come in due course. But there was no sense of spring, or summer either, in poor Lil's' sad heart. She looked out of her little bedroom window and watched Mrs. Car dew. and the small maid and the bright eyed baby going forth on their morn ing's vocations. Mrs. Cardew looked hack at her and nodded. "Take care of yourself, I'll take you for a little walk when I return, it is quite a lovely day," she called out. Lil made no answer. Mrs. Cardew generally did her own work. She had a charwoman in for an hour or so every morning or afternoon. On this occasion the charwoman was to come towards the middle of the day, and Lil therefore had the whole tiny cottage to herself. Nothing could be better for her purpose. She hastily put on the neat hat which she had worn when she first sought the protection of Nancy Price. She pinned it on over her bright hair, and slipped on her little jacket, and found her gloves, and then went slowly downstairs and out of the house. She knew what she was going to do. She was going to confess. She would beg Beatrix to have her arrested. She felt that she could bear the pain in her heart better if she also bore the punishment of her supposed sin. She slipped softly out of the house, and without giving a thought to Mrs. Cardew or to the great trouble her ab sence would cause,went boldly down the High street. All her energies, all her thoughts, were concentrated on what she was about to do. She met a police man at the corner and asked him to tell her the way to Eaton Square. "Take that broad road to your right. You'll see the red busses, follow them; they go by about every three minutes. When you have gone on for some time ask again. But it's a goodish walk, don't forget that." The policeman looked after Lil with a to thank him, and walked on at once in brief passing interest. She did not wait the direction he had pointed out. She was full of eagerness, a burning desire possessed her. She felt that of all things in the world the only thing now to be desired was the peace which would follow confession. But she had mis calculated her strength. Long before she reached Victoria station she was tired out. She found herself trembling all over and a queer, confused, giddy sensation in her head caused her to stop at intervals and put her hand to her forehead. The heaviest tasks, however, come to an end if one is resolved to go through with them, and presently Lil found her self at Victoria Station. From there it did not take her long to reach Eaton Square. She knew her ground now, and hurried forward; but the giddiness in her head was worse, and this giddi ness now was joined to a strange sense of confusion. She began to wonder why she was out-what had happened to her. Where was she going, and whom was she about to meet? Was Dick Strong, her lover, going to clasp her hand at any moment. Had her father come to London? Was all the dark past nothing but a dream? But oh, what was that about a diamond.? Had she stolen it? Was it of great value? Had it been entrusted to her care, and had she made away with it? To be Continued. 