CONINGHAII DIVORCE SUIT. PE'IIONER'S ADDRESS TO THE JURY. TPJIUDGE'S SUMMING UP NOT YE t? T CONOLUDED. THE JURY DISCKARGED. UNABLE TO AGREE BY A THREE QUARTER MAJORITY. [Br ELECTrIC TEaaLrMc.3 (FrOM R00B OW COBBEBPONDENT.) BYDNEY, December 13. Toe Coningham divorce case is now with in measurable distance of the end. Mr. Wautfinished his address to the jury about half.pe)t 11 o'clock, when Mr. Coningham commdsced. In the course of his address he pointed out how he had had to fight the case alone against the ablest coounsel in the world, and surrounded by others who had myrmidons to do their bidding. Re ferring to his wife, he said : "I met her in 1890, and courted her for three years. I found no blemish whatever. She wanted to tell me of her pass, but I did not want to know it. I found her consientious and true, and she continued so till fate threw her into the cloutches of one of a religious training, who worked his web around her till he took her affection from me, and rob bed her of her mother's highest honour, her children of their good name, and me of her love and affoection, and left me what I am now. She fell, and went to her father confessor, Father Foughy, and he absolved her from that sin. bShe tried to hide her shame, and bid it. Only one man and woman knew of it besides the father of the child, and that woman came 750 miles to tell of what accurred all these years ago, assisted by her father confessor who was in Sydney, for he (pettitiioner) had seen him. Why did they not call Father Foshy? Because if he hsad entered the box and told what the girl con fessed to him what would the world have ihought ? They dared not put him there. He, as her huesband, knew of the child for the first time as he eat at the Court table. He had not wanted to know; perhaps he had suspected something, but he was satis fled wit4 her as he found her." The peti tioner was nearing the end of his address when the 3Court adjourned forluncheon. Resuming his address, Mr. Coningham stated, with regard to the damages claimed, that he did not want to touch a penny of whatever the:jury might give him. He did not want the filthy stuff. It was his children he was fighting for. In concloding, he remarked that there was a passage in "Horace" to the effect that " punishment, though slow afoot, seldom failed to over take the guilty," and this ease should prove the accuracy of the assertion. uHE JUDGES (6UMMING UP. Justice Simpson commenced summing up at a.quarter to 8 o'clock. He pointed out that, though it might seem strange, it was quite open to the jury to find against the respondent (Mrs. toningham) on the issune of adultery, but still not against the so-respondent. Never since he had been sitting in a Divorce Court had he pre sided over a case in which a respondent, the guilty woman, had been called as a witness and admitted her adultery to try to prove adultery against the co-respondent. If in this case thejury- conscientionusly be lieved the respondent .to be a witness of truth they should find a verdict in favour of the petitioner, even if the respondent stood alone and absolutely unsupported. The evidence of one witness, if accepted as true, most carry more weight than that of 20 or 30 on she other side whose testimony seemed open to doubt. The jury did not require to be absolutely certain of the guilt of the respondent and the co-re spondent, beenuseathet would be impossible without ocular proof. The law merely re. required that the jurors, exercising the facol ties God had given them, should as reason able men feel satisfied of the guilt of the soscued. In this case he thought it would be impossible for them to find against the respondent without also finding against the co.respondent. It would be just as serious for these-respondent if they found against Mrs. Conlngham, hut did not find against him. The question had been raised as to absolution.by the Church, and there was no doubt, itf what the petitioner said was true, and if there were each a doctrine in the Church of Rome, it was most dreadful. Could they believe that in any Church there could be a doctrine by which a man could commit adultery on Monday, confess and resolve absolution on Friday, and then go into the witness-box and swear that he had never committed adultery at all be. oeuse he lboad been absolved. And yet that was what the petitioner said was the dooc trine of the ChOburoh of Rome, Dr. O'Haran, said there was no such doe trine. The jury would remember that Father Creegan brought his own little Bible to be sworn on, while Cardinal Moran, Dr. O'Harasn, and Father Byrne kissed the Pro testant Bible, Still, Dr. O'Haran said that the latter oath was binding on his con. soience, although a Catholio Bible would have been preferred. Father Creegan was asked whether, after absolution, it was considered that there had been no sin, and the witness said "No," but that was hardly consistent with Dr. O'Haran's etate ment. The co- respondent said that if a man got absolution in the Church of Rome, and the sin was forgiven, it was wiped out. "Thopgh your sine be as scarlet they shill be white as snow." But between the Protestant and Roman Catholic Churches there was, in the estimation of sbme people, a difference on the question of absolution by the priest. If they read the passages in the English Prayer-book for the visitation of the sick, they would see that if the sick man was moved to make confession the priest was to say, "I absolve thee from all thy sin, in the name of the Father, Bon, and Holy Ghost." Having quoted from the evidence concerning the doctrine of the Church of Rome as to the forgiveness of sine, his Honour asked if there was any thing wrong with that? Was it not the doctrine of Christianity? If sin were forgiven it was blotted out, of course. It would be a dreadful thing if God forgave a sin and it was not so. His Honour had not concluded summing up at the rising of the Court, and the case was adjourned till the following day, the jury being allowed to go to their homes as they have been all through the hearing of the case. SYDNEY, December 14. , The Coningham p.- was continued this morning. Just befeor the juryretired to consider their verdict Mr. Justice Simpson referred to the suggestion which had been made by the petitioner that because a mem ber of the Roman Catholic Church received absolution he could make statements in the witness-box at variance with what they knew to be the truth. The jury, he said, must be very careful as to the weight to be attached to such s suggestion. They knew that Protestants say strong things against Roman Catholics, andthey had recently had an iostacce at ho. Mary's Cathedral so to what very strong things a Roman Catholic would say about Protestants. The state ments made by Archbishop Redwood as to the character of Protestants ought never to have been made. They were ctroogly re· sented by Protestants, and he believed he was right in saying that they wore also re gretted by the vast majority of Roman Oatholics. It only showed how vile attacks could be made by the Church of Rome, and no the other hand they probably knew what attacks could be made by Protestants, but they must not allow their minds to be swayed by such considerations. They most give a verdlotaceording to the evidenoe pot before them, regardless of the conse quences. The jury retired at 10 mInutoe past 11 o'clock to consider their verdict. At 25 mlantes to I, after the jury bad been absent from the Court for fine hours and a half, they asked the Judge it he had directed them, If they accepted as true the evidence given by Urn. Asook, MRie Johnstone, Miss Ahearne, snd ire. Hollingdfle, were they to disregard as a matter of course tbs whole of Mrs. Coning ham's testimony as being unreliable. His Honour said he had not given them any such direction. On matters of fast be could gige them no direotion at all. They were judges of fans, but If a point of low arose, then they could taked\reetton from him. they alone had to determine the weight to be attaehed to the evidence and the credibility to be given to wit aesses. What he had said was that If they beh lieved those lIdies to be witnesses of truth, and from their evidence came to tho concltuion that Dr. O'Haran wan at Five Dock at the time hire. Coningham said he was at the Cathedral, theo they could not place any reliance upon what shoe said. The question for them to consider was whether Dr. O'Haran was a conslderable distance from the Catheral at the time when Mrs. Coningham said the impropriety took place. He would read the evidenoe on this gotot 'yoer to them if they liked. The foreman said they would like to bear the evidenoe. Bin Honour then read extracts from the evideone. Mrs. Coningham's testimony was that as near as she could remember the impropriety took plate about half-past 7. In cross-oxamination cbe said that " On June 29, 1899, I went In the offie about haltspast 7 and remained there about an hour. I should think Dr. O'Hnran was there on June 29 with me as 8 o'clook. It was impossible for him to hane been 20 miles away at that time." At a quarter toO5 the jury again retIred. At 6 Mr. Justice Simpsoon said hib had sent in to ask whether there was a three- fourths' majority in agreement. It was low that at the end of six houro' ddliberation, if three-fourrhe of the jurors 'oere of one opinion then their verdict must be accepted. ie had learned there was a majorily one way, but nou a three-fourths majority. The question then was whether he wan to lock the jury up till a quarter-psot 11, at which time toey were eatitled to be die. charged If still unable to agree. Mr. Coningham: I goon Mr. Want'saddreso -a clean-cut osue. Mr. Want: Under no clrcomstanoeu couls 1 agree to accept a bare majority verdiat. Hit Honour: Very well, thingo must take the usul tourse. I will resome my seat at a qearter-past 11. After a lapes of a miute or two be, sent an offoer to the jury to aecortain If he could render thom assistance in any way, but the offio'r returned with the intimation that they required no assistanae. Bin Honoor asddei: The jurysmen want their tea. One of them wants a little stimulant. I should have thought more than one did by thls time. I euppose there is no objeslion to them having a reasonable amoeut. Counsel intimated that there was no objeo tion, and the Court then adjomred till a sate burs t-nnght. Later. At a quarter to 11 o'clook, by agreement of the ponree, the jury were recelled and asked if they had agreed upon a verdict. The fpremau: Na, your honour. His Honour: Too are not agreed even by a' majority of three-qoarterc-nino to three? l'he foreman: ho, your honour. His Honour : - Are you likely to agree if you doltberate a little longer. The foreman: I don't thik so; I may say there is no possibility of our doing so. His Honour: Not even by a Ihree-quortern majority ? The foreman: No, your Bonnor. His Honour: O course, I dnut wDeW In the slightest degree to bring presenre to bear open you, but I think it Ic a mitter of regret that you are enable to agree, even by a mpjority. However, you are not able to agree. The foreman: There is not the slighted8 possibility. The Judge then dfosharged the jury. At the request of Mr. Vaot, the exhibits in the ease were retained by the Court. Through. out the night 2000 or 3000 persons waited Jo the preciaots of the Conrt to hear the verdict, bet there was little or no excitement. The crowd were, however, lotb to believe the fre quently made statement that the jury had been discharged, and remained round theCohrt tIll after midnight. Tb, principale in tiecate were able to ges away through the Judge's private entrasce without being observed. 