WOMAN'S WHIMS. (By 'Altioba Peto.') Aix the women in Sydney who fefel alive went to Mrs. Willie's ealo—many fashion able, some titled- ladies, all the. celebrities of ?elegance ; ono or two ipenwomen .who are 'kind -enough to^write down what they- think j were tacliunging confidential glances, scores 4 of lemales who couldn't ? possibly rub - shoulders on any ? other Occasion— all of. them secretly ouvvine the woman whose fascinations, wealth and stylo have held Sydney by the wool for some years. It all reminded rae of the auction sale of Cauiille's belongings, when they sold even her old gloves and shaWlB, sold them with incredible rapidity. It bethought me of the curiosity which brought all -Paris to the auction, of the folks who were so astonished at seeing each other there. » Never was there an assembly' more mixed or more garrulous owing to the preponderance of femininity. Also there were Cabinot Ministers, society leaders, actresses, and all the strange Bohemia which comprises the half-world of Sydney. As for the effects, they disappointed everybody — a dozen bouses in Darling Point eould have easily eclipsed 'Longwood.' I nni told though, that Madame had previously removed her best things to Moss Vale, where she has taken a house till January next. After that she will depart for England. Also I noticed tho usual auctioneer's dodge, rolls of carpet, chests, tables, etc., included iu thiB swagger menage, whose looks guaran teed that they h&d; never seen actual wear. At the Indian Famine Concert, on Wednesday, the fashionable and artistic sets predominated. They usually do crowd in where vice-Royalty, in the persou of her ladyship, intimates its intention of being present, just to show their paces -m loyal appreciation., In tho front rows every body irora Lady Alary, in a long black satm cloak, onwards, sat caped and cloaked. /These long opera coats wore unknown here last year, but now— well, you know the V.R.'Compass is one by which women set their courso over the ocean of Fashion. Moreover, it is an unobtrusive concert or theatre style, 'all tho more dear to tho well groomed woman. Ala Hall, in a pink opera jacket, flitted and fussed all the evening betweeu Govern ment House and Lady Harris and Mrs. Ai'Kenzio, and did all that mortal woman could do to make this supposedly charitable . function one huge uninterrupted advt. for Elsio Hall. And crowning agony of all, she marched with much.aplomb down the civic hall at half-time in flowing frou-frou skirts as to say, 'I aui Madame Oracle, etc.' Many or rather most of tho assisting artists wero antedated. What a pity that singers and mummers cannot realise when their sun has set ! For instance, Millie Wynu iufiicted on her audience Ganz's ** Sing, Sweet Bird,' and this captious chronicler imagined kookaburras on a fence at eventide after the Hawkesbury floods. I had to pinch myself before I brought back the belief I was in Sydnoy Town Hall. Artistically, the most enthralling event of the evening was a bJaint-Saens concerto for two pianos by Elsie Hall, and the uewlyar rived Doctor of Music Eunis. Saint-Sa^ns is just tho man to talk about at present. Whether you have anything original to say about him or not, it's just as well to mention him, just to show you know what's what. Everyone adores Saiot-Soeus and ooncertos, and to be in -the swim- is tho devil's rhetoric. The charity ball season is with us again. By the way, what heaps of women climb into Society by meanB of charity committees ? So many, that every woraau now, with the least idea, the least atom of social ambition, has. her own pet charities {antrouent, ad vertisement}, and ber name, figures on tho annual dance committee unerringly. ' But of all the charities I love to appeal for, St. Margaret's Maternity Hospital ap peals to roe most. Six years' ago there was a small, unpretentioui effort made by Mrs. i Abbott and a friend of hers to prevent that ; commonestoforimesin Sydney— infanticide. ?? They rented a house -in Elizabeth- street, Redfern, and these two unobtrusive women to-day have by their efforto established not only a maternity home, but a foundling hospital at Waitara. Both . institutions are unsectarian ; and every girl, who so wishes, may find a home and a hospital, patrons and benefactors, there. The annual ball in con nection therewith eventuates on August 8, at tliQ;Paddingion Town liall, and every thing points to a ;really deserved success. Numerous, donations . have,, beau received, and the demand for( tickets is .mutually large. Kate Rooney's complimentary concert eventuates on Wednesday at Sydney Town. Hall. Miss Rooney's vocal abilities - were lauded in thif column more than a year ago, and most emphatically so; during.the Amy Castles boom. Since then, there has scarcely been any entertainment in the cause of' charity which Miss Kooney hasn't, helped by song and practice. The large houses whioh have been greet ing the Bio-Tableau at the Lyceum during the week were peopled mostly by women and children, it requires no' stretch of imagination to be almost conscious of being with Roberts, from the Royal inspection of troops to the Capetown landing. Mr. Willie Beattie is also exhibiting a baritone voice that ought to make many dollars in opera. Just now it is confining itself to several of the larg? crop of patriotic ditties which have broken out like measles in this 14 pyteriotic ' laud, while Albert Whelan gives impersonations- t-f Tivoli and other comic artists more orieBS known to local fame. Pessimistic male persona have long beon wont to en$6r? at. vypman's devotion to Tommy Atkjns in bis- full military millinery, his feathers. and buttons, lace and spurs. :Yet it is a taste that Ji&s; been icarefully inculcated, hinco and before tho Tourna ment period it .had ever loeti the sanio. At school we were taught-to admire the Cru e&decfl; ; we read storieS of Cobur do Lion, ' andso cn, down. to modernity. The weakness -for tho millingtary filters down and distri butes itself geuerously, even to Mary Jane, whose tasto for feathers and scarlet capes is probably ono of the few remaining bar banc instincts. Note that feathers and scarlet capes arc the attributes of chiefs, kolh in savage and civilised tribes. Moltj for England during the Chinese waf : 'Gratlez.le Russe, et vous trouverez lo Tartare.' , July 12th : Here's to the glorious, pious, 'and immortal memory of King William, who delivered us from Popery (by pitched caps), from slavery (by whipping), from brass money (by bad ha'pence), and from wooden shoes (by bare feet). Thursday night, at Sydney Town Hall, everybody was very quiet, very raoderdto, and very re strained, as compared with previous years. But there were insulting personal allusidhs to his Holiness and the 86&rlet; Womah ; -even Alderman Jessep failed to appear ordi- ' narily intelligent in his rosette and short coat. From the Boyne Water shivoo I betook me to the PadClington Town Hall, where the annual ball, in aid of St. Patrick's Church, was in progress How is-dt, I pray tlieo, that all charity dances of this Winter are scarcely even a ghost of the hops of former years? On this occasion . many .women didn't even trouble to wear gloveB — old frocks, old flowers, everything crushed .and flattened. Pere Le Renneiel was there with his Federation smile, Consul Boesen, our Genial 44 Dan,' quite dutfngub in hid evening suit, the trio of Baxter girls, Mrs Gannon, of Pettys', and all St. Patrick's parish in general. 1 was chatting to one of our prospective Federal Senators this week about 44 Willie' nnd his provincial bak-blox dips, taid the Federation candidate, 44 1 should be just as HUi prised to hear of him doing a bad deed s i iiwiso one.' Nuf sed. This man knows toiuclhing. A good night's fun was experienced by those who attended the pretty Palace ou . Thursday evening, and saw the 'Lestonians' play Hamilton's comedy, 'Our Regiment,' in aid of the Indian Famine Fund. There was a good house, and I noticed Lady Harris and her bonny daughter among those present. The comedy went very well, on the whole, but amateurs can never be got to play briskly, and comedy will not 'go' unless the dialogue is tossed from one to another without a break. This the Lestonians, except in one or two instances, failed to do, and lack of familiarity with their lines caused several of the characters to "fluff" a lot. The women of the cast were much better than the men, who were truly painful at times. A couple of the girls showed real promise. This is particularly the case with Miss Elsie Forester, whose Olive was capital. She is a most promisiug soubrette,'and in life and go and action reminds me a lot of Pattie Browne m her early days. Miss Mildred Aarons also did really well, and her work showed not only ability, but careful study, though she was very "rocky" in her lines in the last act. Miss Flo. Aarons and Miss Canty kept their ends up well. As for the men ! Oh, Lor 1 You know I'm not much shook on the mere male thing, I and my lack of veneration for them was in , no way dispelled by what I saw on Thurs day evening. The tall soldier in- the short pants and the short swaddie in the long 1 pants are eminently calculated to bring the British Army into disrespect, even as great as that which old Tanta Cootze held for them. The last-mentioned warrior's trick of continually holding out his forage cap, as if itwerealCiplingeBque tambourine, 1 outstretched to cop the nimble bob, was ; aggravating in the extreme. By the way, I God-papa Ellaby muBb have had a good time, 44 off,' judging by the powder that was always on his coat sleeve 1 and shoulder whenever he oame on the | stage. An explosive old man sud an impos siblyidiotic parson were items that made mo feel rather wretched. I must not forget to give a kindly word to tho ,4pongpinkah pong ' girls who twiddled their banjos, mandolines, etc., in the orchestra with soothing ollcct. Especially taking was tlioir rendition of Braga's dreamy 44 Serenade.' 