THE SCOURGE OF GOD. At this moment, from the banks of the Godavery to the waters of the Sutledj. all India is a desert. Sixty millions of people, as large a number as would twice fill England and Wales, are racked with the pangs of hunger; six millions of them would move to-morrow but for a handful of rice, now many more have passed away beyond the reach of human aid, no man can tell. In Central India the affliction is the deepest. The fields are void and barren, and without people. The cracked earth, burnt to a mahogany brown, shrieks for rain. Not a patch of green anywhere, not a blade of grass. The leaves of the trees, withered, frizzled, twisted, have fallen off the naked branches. In entire villages not a living creature can be seen, save, perhaps, an emaciated bullock breathing out its life in the company of a starving; crew, that watches for its last gasp from an adjacent dungheap. Half the population, those still able to walk or stand, have gone off to the relief camps ; the other half have laid themselves down to die in silence in hovels and dark places. The scenes in the camps are grim and tragic. From one thousand to five thousand are gathered together in different places-a multitude of skin and bones, and hollow, glassy eyes. The flesh on any of them would not cover the body of an average English base. Their emaciated faces bear an expression of abysmal despair, intensified a hundred- fold by contrast with the look of much' gence and even of refinement in those not so far gone in starvation. Little children, who have come with their mothers into the camp, stand with large lustreless eyes, watching the hungry, mangy cars that, too, have followed a the wake of the population and they fight with the cars to snatch a half-eaten crust. The usual labour in the camp is breaking stones ; the pay, an anna penny) per day. A large heap, compris- ing a dozen big rocks, the largest half a hundredweight, is a man's allotted task ; a lesser heap, a woman's ; half a man s heap is a child's. And these stones have to be broken up so small as to make me adam roads. , A traveller was passing by the camp, a sturdy young Englishman. He noticed a man sitting before his unbroken heap, with arms thrown dejectedly over his knees. A few yards off was a girl of eight, ineffectually tapping a cobble- stone with a small mallet. The traveller look in the situation, and asked the fiTr as" """" for his hammer. The half- starved creature's hands trembled weakly in merely raising the hamm.p--^nncl the young Englishman, alive though he was essayed a dozcTi'vigorous blows before he could sat the rock. But he stayed ai\\.i\z~üY, and broke up the man -. hospital the girl's. e, stand now a new terror was added to the sufferings of the multitude. So far they had water to drink ; now the shallow wells, dug with spades and mattocks, had yielded up their last drop. The camp had no scientific apparatus for bor- ing deep artesian wells. And the heat was terrific; ISOdeg. in the sun. The sun was a ball of fire in a sky of copper, The thirsty multitude gazed upwards with rolling tongues, but saw not a rain cloud anywhere. Maddened with unutterable pain, they broke forth in search of water. In a body they deserted the camp. Hunger was bad ; thirst a thousand times worse. Far across the fields they roamed in troops of tens and twenties. At last a' cry of joy was heard ; it came from a party making towards a clump of trees and low bushes. All within earshot rushed that way. In the centre of the little jungle was a stagnant pool-the remains of last year's rains, protected from the fierce sun by the overhanging trees and tall bamboo reeds. But the water was a yellowish green, covered with a threefold layer of rotting leaves. It was all alive with living, creeping things, and buzzing with blue-winged flies. Into this the multitude cast themselves, and lapped up the water greedily with their tongues. That night cholera broke out in the camp-" black cholera," that tortures its victims with untold agonies before releasing them by death. Its only mercy is that it is so short ; sometimes three hours, at most six. That night the multitude laid themselves down by the road- side. Most of them were in bare loin- cloths ; here and there one lay shrouded in a. white sheet like a silent ghost. The beat was 110deg., said this at night. The unwinking moon shone alike upon dead and dying. Darkness would have given a sense of coolness. Not a breath of wind stirred the dust mates that hung in the air like pointed spots against a painted sky. After a while the English doctor came. He felt a pulse here, examined a distended eye- ball there, shook his head in silence, and passed on. Only a few received a dose from the black bottles his assistant carried. The others awaited their turn some lying still in callous apathy, some struggling up with feverish eyes, to read their doom in the doctor's face. Suddenly a low moan was heard in the palpitating stillness-from some poor wretch who had read his death warrant. The effect was instantaneous, The cry passed from mouth to mouth. Eleven hundred moans shook the hot air, eleven hundred cowering forms swayed from side to side in agonising terror. It was black despair and panic now. A sudden panic, appalling in its intensity. The eleven hundred rose up, all but the dead, and fled into the night-some tottering and falling, rising again in a vain effort, then cast prone upon the earth some feeling like drunken men, helping each other with locked hands, like the blind loading the blind. But all fled into the jungle, to white, pitiless moon shining upon the huddled heaps that marked the fugitive's' flight along the fields. And there was none to bury them or burn them. But from afar off there arose an ominous sound hoarse screeches and flapping wings. It was a flock of vul- tures, starving, fierce fighting one another with claw and taken to get down first to do their horrid work. This was done in the green wood : what shall it be said of the dry? Who shall speak of the pains of those who remained in the village? Respectable women, veiled from the eyes of men, who to dig were not able, and to beg were ashamed ! And when the hot, sleepless night came upon the men, they had a least the roadway to lie upon. But what of the unseen women who granted beneath low, flat roofs and red brick walls? And what of the children? for where the women are there are the children also.-" Daily Express." For the purpose of a sanitorium for the treatment of tuberculosis an ideal site has been secured at a proper altitude near the Plinlimmon Mountains, in Mid-Wales, and a syndicate is being formed for carrying out the benevolent project. v ' . - as 