^ j it* IV ' THE^O|IIIJNES OF STELLA (Oontuwe^ from JVedneeday'i imie.) ' ' ; ' ' -3SAP,l'iliE XVf.' , ? Sir Halberd Bedrath did not affect to mourn I for hi3,anqientTelatj vp. /_ .In -a short time the Manor faeoame gay. with the dresses of fashionable ladies &nd; merry with , the .voiceBof laughter and eong. . ; , Itfidruth Manor and & fine tnnnmo \lt*. then a btaftltj'so ^r ts the two 'young .ladies were concerned, save for the -matter of the marriage portion to-be paid to the young ladies if they married to please their parents. It was a strange will— so strange, inieed, that many questioned 'the perfect sahity of Lady Iledruth ; and had £ustace chosen to dispute j the inheritance, there is no^doubt that he could ' have made out-a case for the law courts. As it was, however, dayB. and weeks passed, and no niention ot the disinherited youth reached the Manor. Sir Halberd forgot him, or appeared to do so. Lady Redruth gave herself up to country gaities, and set to. work Anxiously to procure rich huabaWds tor her two girls. Indeed the baronet nnd his wife both came to the conclu sion that f-incfi Bedruth was theirs oply for their lives, and could not descend to their children, the best thine to do would be to get as much pleasure and pomp, style and splendour, magnificence and merriment out of their large income as possible. For life, at least, Sir Halberd would act as the wealthy Lord of the Manor. This couple resolved not to 6ave for their daughters : tbu marriage portions assigned them by the late Lady Iledruth ought surely to be sufficient to marry them off, considering their talents, beauty, accomplishments, and gentle birth. Sir Halberd, who had pinched at Notting Hill, now began to squander. Bedruth was gay all the autumn, and before * hristma* hand some Isabel was engnged to a wealthy Welsh man* Ludolph Prylce, Esq , a man old enough to bo her father, bluff, hearty, a fox-hunter, dinner- lover; and common place country gentle man. He was very much in love with Isabel. She was not the least in love with him; but then be promised the young lady everything wherein her soul delighted. She was to live in London during the season, and have an opera box and go to Court, and wear diamonds famed in story, for the proud Pryces were an ancient stockt with an escutcheon unsullied, as the say ing has it. Thus Isabel was happy in her way, or pearly so. This young lady was not without a tinge of romance, or what passed for it in her estima tion ; simply she wouldha^e liked tomarryavery handsome nobleman, with exquisite taste in dress, horses, and equipages— -a nobleman some two or three and twenty years old, who spoke foreign languages, sang, danced, and played the flute. Now, the Welsh Squire was forty-five, stoutly built, rd^dy, and fond of poit wine; he could not speak French - or, nt least, it he attempted it, Isabel was.fein to h .Id her ears, his pronuncia tion was so execrable ; then Ludolph Price did not know one tune from another and he could no more waltz than he could fly, and if hc stood up in a quadrille, he ran about and in and out the whole time the band was playing like mad ; hc was always in the wrong place, treading on his partner's fragile skirts or set ting to somebody else's partner. Still, hand some end fashionable ami town- bred young noblemen with tine estates did not bow down at the feet of Isabel Bedruth, and *he accepted the offer of Mr. Pryce, of Cas'lecreagh. Meanwhile, Sir Gilbert Owen persisted in his attentions to Stella, and Stella persisted in re fusing to become his wife. Up to this point —namely, one fortnight before Christmas— Mr Gilbert had not spoken of his love to anyone save Stella herself ; and Stella had far too much true refinement of feel ing to mention the fact of her possessing so earnest and impassioned a lover. At the same time that the baronet was desperately enamoured was already a surmise fast ripening into a cer tainty among tho friends and acquaintances' of i Miss Redruth. Sir Halberd was pleased, Lady ' Redruth satisfied. 4i Stella is too tff-hand and indifferent ' the baronet remarked to his wife. The colloquy to« k place in the baronet's ; cosy and luxurinus dressing-room. Outside, the park, and the whole country-side was spread over with a single sheet uf snow ; the mountains i looked regal in tneir white mantles ; the Ucd- I rath wood 5s, stripped and bare, bent down in | the bitter wind which came howling and shriek- j ing from the north-east ; but the baronet's1 dressi-- g-rooni was a model ' of warmth and I comfort, luxury, and splendt.ur. ! The tvulls were set uiih crimson silk velvet panels, framed with polished 'whlnut-wood ; here and there a Haltering mirror, framed in gold ; the carprt of crimson and-black velvet pile; the cui tains before the large bay window crimson satin ; couches and hair-cushions of the same; a toilet-table of carved walnut, loaded with price ess toys of the toilet in Dresden, Sevres, silver-gilt, and crystal; a splendid fire glowing in the low, polished, modern grate. Lady Iledruth, in dinn'cr-drcss of amber 6atin, sat on a soft, low couch, shading her thin face from the flames. Jt wanted an hour before the dinner-gong would resound through the mansion, and Sir Halberd was lingering over his toilet —brush- ing His hair, fixing his gray moustache, arrang ing bis te before one of the gold- framed mirrors. 44 As soon as Owen tines propose, I hope Stella will accept him at once in a sensible manner, as Isabel accepted Pryce. Owen is just the man to fling her up in a pet if she became restive.' Thus judged Sir Halberd, utterly mistaking the nature of the hot-headed baronet 44 1 cannot in«ngine Stella carrying her eccen tric folly so far as to refuse him if he really proposed,' said Lady Bedruth. ?* At the same time, there are moments when I almost doubt the sanity of our eldest daughter.' Sir Hnl(-erd put down the ivory-handled brush and stared at his wife. 44 Sanity J' be echoed. 44 Well, Sir Halberd, there are' girls in th® world, of course, who might do as Stella doe5 without being thought insane ; but Miss licd ruth, of Iledruth Manor, with a dowry of several thousand ponnds contingent on her marrying to please her people— Miss Redruth, with a position and a name, and an ancient family to claim her, jealous of its honour in every respect, is certainly lax and odd, and altogether unsatisfactory to me, and to you , also, if you know all '* 44 Why, what on earth does 6he do?' 14 She shuts herself away from the woild like . a nun ; she locks hei6e!f in a small room, with a north light, in the west wing, over the side portico, and there she daubs canvasses with paint from nine in the morning in the winter time, and she says she mewis to begin to work at seven in the summer. She work* for hours, and has a cup of etmng coffee -cirfied into her room, refusing to' breakfast with her friends. She brings the diity villiage children in to sit upon the fl-nr a? models; sometimes it is a milkmaid. One day — and I was shocked and amused ut her reckless want of thought - it was a strolling Italian organ uiati, with a handsome dark face, and fine, sinister bUck eyes, whom she inveigiod into her studio. She talks only of philosophy art, and letter*. She speculates wihily, HShe thinks -women are oppressed by conrentinnul customs, and they nu^ht to be emancipated ; that John Stuart Mill was right, and the orthodox paople' we commonplace. She desirep, of ail things, liberty, and talks of it as though she were a pennil-ss young man anxious to try his strength in tbe atru^le with the world, instead of a young lady of for une and family, from whom thn world expects decorum. f-hc detests marriage without intense affection. Now, / think a woman in love a' degrading spectacle.' 41 But, -good heavens! Stella isn't in. love, is she r as-ked Sir Halfctrd, beginning to brush his hair furiously, 44 If I thought any con ceited jackanapes without fortune was turning her head, I would turn him out of the Minor 1 Is it one of the Turners ?' The Turners were two white-haired, meek spirited young 'gentlemen, nephews of the borough member. They were boih collegians; and talked .ftbojut bopks ^nd jart to .order ; but,, though gentlehjanly ^and^Tefined^ they; -were neither of them fit or fiympathetic companions for Stella Bedruth. - '?'* ; .Ul'V *? No ; itien't one of the;TacnerSj' her lady-5 ship said, with a harsh laugh, jf4 1 don't fcnow ; if it's anybody. She is likely' enough, in my opinion^ to fall in love .with some cracked poet, with holes in his boots'.' Pinching and poverty; -have rbeenlost upon 'her; jhehas. learnt ,npftblng, ;all ojif Notting HI 1 1 experienberOf genteel penufy hab rtatight''ht?r nothihg. To tell the truth,' added her ladyship, in aburst of candomVuI ehould:be delighted to-get '8tella married well and twealthily^ A house and & husband would teaoh her wisdom.' ,Sir Halberd sat -down before the fire, and stared in wonder aod perplexity at his wife. ?/f I never heard,1' said' he, -c that one of our race had what' the tfcoteh call a' bra in the bonnet; but it seems by your aocount that , Stella Jjas. . ^Vell, I hope and trust that Sir Gilbert will propose to her sooh. Indeed, his .attentions are so rnaiked as to ca'.l. for explana tion. I shall ask him his intentions this even ing. He dines here, you know.' *' I would not be ia too great a. hurry,' cried Lady Redruth, a little nervously. 44 You might .apoil all with too much precipitation. This is a match, Sir Halberd, upon which I have ^et my heart. Trevader is such a splendid old house and Lady Owen is cliatming in her way ; such fine pictures, such magnificant plate, and such family jewels,; the rent-roll, too, heavy and unencumbered, and the young nian himself amiable and everything that could bedesited.' Thfl truth was, her ladyship expected to find in Sir Gilbert a most obliging and generous son in-law. When a wife knows and feels that her hus band is selfish, extravagant, and grasping, it is a convenience to possess a devoted frierid, sym pathetic and generous especially when that] friend happens to be wealthy. A rich son-in- I law, willing to transact her business matters, ' and to help her occasionally from his purse, I would be a blessing to the ambitious, dis- \ appointed lady. Mr. Pryce was a good sort of j man ; but she was not on those intimate terms I with him that she was with Sir Gilbert. ' ; , When a man is very much in love, there is a j certain bond of Bympathy which draws him1 towards the beloved one's mother; and, al , though Sir Gilbert had not made a confidente ' j of Stella'B mother in so many words, yet he had shown her that he was mightily interested in j Stella, and her ladyship knew by instinct that I if the baronet became her son-in-law she w6uld find him a useful and kind friend. OHAPTER XVII. 4,I should be glad to see Lady Owen,' said Sir Halberd, suddenly, giving ihe fire a poke with the toe of his embroidered 6)ipper. 44 Be cause, though a fine girl, she is not a beauty. She is not like a steel plate engraving of an I aristocratic belle. She is meant Tor something else than to simper in satin, and show off pearls on her threat, or diamonds in her hair, and sit i languishing while an artist takes her likeness to exhibit in the academy. But rich young fellows— jcuvefsc dore , as they say now— think a vast deal of wex-doll perfection of feature and colour; and, though they might fancy a spark ling chat with Stella, many of them would think she was not a showy piece of furniture I enough to call wife, and set at the head of a I table glittering with gold plate in a London I dining-room. But this fellow has gold plate, | and thinks her fine enough to be mistress of it ; and if she refuses him, she's an idot.' 1 In this opinion Lady Redruth very heartily i concurred. That day Stella had shut herself in her studio, working at her easel from nine o'clock in the morning. Zt had snowed all ihe day, so there had been no chance of taking exercise, thus she had voluntarily Bet to work, and workea as hard as though she were a poor artist with her bread to gain. At about five Stella went to dress, and rest in her luxurious chamber. The dinner hour was seven. In her room, which she shared with Isabel, she found a bright fire, a sofa drawn before it, and half a dozen girls laughing and chatting, and telling ghost and love stories before the blaze. The beautiful room with its quite superb furniture, the paintings, the toilet elegances and luxuries, the gay laughter of the girls, their rich winter dresses, their voices, their merriment all smote harshly upon the sombre soul of Stella Redruth She stood apart from the group in the plain black dress in wbieh she chose to work, not wearing one singlo ornament, pale from toil, thoughtful, wearied, almost feeling out of place— sho, the daughter uf the house, gifted besides with bright intelligence, and a certain order of beauty, and certainly possessing a graceful and commanding form ; yet, sad, or rather abstracted, was the young face. ?4 Stella— Sfella, ma chert J' cried a young, gay voice, 44 why come in looking like a death's head at the wine? or a district-visitor creeping into a poor person's house just when they have a party ? You seem as though you thought us all aw ully wicked, and yourself awfully good 1' 4,Or nil of us awfully stupid, and herself awfully clever! ' said another voice. Stella smiled. 44 Not a whit, fair damsels.' she said. 44 1 am tired, und cross, 'and disagreeable —what then? I have been trying hard all day to achieve something, and have failed ' 44 And what might that be, pray ?' '? Oh ! nothing that I could explain to you, Jessie Fraser,' said Stella, sinking wearily into & chair— 44 that is to say, you would not care to hear it ' 44 1 should; tell us— tell. us alll' and there was quite a clamour of young voices. 11 Well, then, I have been painting a picture representing a lovely girl listening to the pre dictions and warnings of a fortune-teller, and I can't get the beldame's face cunning enough without making it intelligent, which 1 don't want. A better type of face will present itself to me than I desire— that is a sensible, knowing face. Now, I want a cunning, wicked face. I had a model, an old woman of the village, the most wftch-hke I could procure; but the old soul is not ill-natured, and I can't portray what I want, nor idealize evil.' ' See here: TH dress up and paint my face, and look dreadfully wioked, if ^you'll try me,' said a pretty girl, gaily. 44 No, thank you. I must search out another model,' Stella said, musingly. Soon after this all th? gay girls trooped off to their own rooms to dress, and the sisters Red ruth were left alone. Isabel danced about the room gaily. *? Do you know there is to be a ball at Tre vader ? Sir Gilbert is going to give the most splendid ball that has been given in Wales this century; but you and I and Ludolph are to drive over there to-morrow, to lay the plan for the room and the supper, and the decorations, and all that.' 4 Who said so?' Stella asked, quickly. 44 Sir Gilbert himself. While you have been toiling and moiling, he has been making love to me. Are you jealous?' 44 No/' Stella answered, with a sad smile. 4* I wish he would make love to you. But tell me, what has put this ball into his head ?' 4» How should I know ? Wants to please yon, perhaps.' Stella did not answer. Soon after this the sisters dressed. Stella changed her plain black attire for a . white poplin dinner-dress, in which she looked brighter and fairer. In her dark hair was a golden brooch, and a plain golden braclet on her arm. 44 You look prettier now with a colour after bathing that clever face of yours,' said^ Isabel. Oh i Stella, why will you work and think and grt mourning, instead of being gay? Eat, drink, find be merry : f/ca** my motto.' * I am not mourning.' said Stella; at the same time she was sensible of a feeling of oppression, she knew not what. The dinner-fable was gay, and the board was loaded with good things. # 14 Eat, drink/and be mercy,' said Isabel, in a whisper. ' / ' ; . Sir Gilbert Owen sat opposite lo Stella. It seemed to her that he never took hts eyes off her during all the meal, -and do what febe would, those eyes fascinated ben she could not escape tliein. -The baronet's laugh was loud.-ftndiis cheek flushed, and he drank iceely of wine. After dinner, while Stella was taming over rausio at the'pl&nti; cud&ehly;'.ber mother stood beside her. t ...} ; ? ? ? ? . ' ' 'fltella,' yoif fatner and^Bir *GQbeirt wait^to* see you in the library .,,5v ! In an instant- fltella.^aw ikfflll. She would now be pereeoutadLyexedt tortured..^. Her father had spokep to Sir'Gilbert. ^ ?' , She looked at Lady Redruth.- ? 41 Mamma, Iknow .what it . is,' tbe girl said,vt in a Vehement whisper. ' *' Sir Gilbert &as; asked, me to marry him many times, &ndlhaye; refused him. He won't take a refusal Now he has Bpoken to papa, nnd papa takes.-hls part, i Mamma, help me.*,J li Not if you cpersisttin refusing an .excellent offer likethatof Sir Gilbert — one of the -best ] matches in Wales.' 44 1 do not love him or like him.' - 'He like? you. The love should always be 1 on the man's side.' 44 No, mamma—no, mamma : thbve a warm, i loving heart. It eh a' n't be crushed under the — the hateful. weight of a rich marriage,' 44 Pray don't speak so loudly ; you forget our guests. Go to the library, and show your spirit'to your father if you dare !' (To be continued in Wednesday's istue.) 