PERSONAL AND POLITICAL. THE question on many tongues:-"Will Oronga rbceive his congo ?" There is a melancholy possibility that the pingue in Sydney may eclipse excitement over the war. We live in stirring times. It is remarkable how many Roman Catholic clergymen in Australia have brothers or oousins who are British officers in South Africa. The army and the ohuroh, seem to run in Irish families. 0\. E Dtkker, the really distinguished, editor of the " Evening News" has goue to Now Zealand in hopes of the reoovery of hi« »rievously impaired eyesight. The last of the people directly connected with the «' Fisher's Ghost" tragedy- and comedy-of Campbelltown has just become « ghost himself. The lock of the old flint-lock pistol of ' Bold Jack Donohoe," the notorious bush- ranger, has just been discovered ia .Sydney. " Onnstanco Clyde," the getting1 known Bulletin writer, hus sont a book of stones " home," "Baldy" Divis, M.P. for Bourke, refers to his late opponent, the well-lcnown ÄI.L.C, as a Mr. E. D. Millen." Satire from the West ! Annie Beasant, tho Theosophical Priestess returns to Australia, oti a lecturing tour shortly. Although a woman she wars against war. A Sydney merchant, who has oome into advertising: prominence through the Bush- men's Contingent, was onee a^ced a question . as to the probable effeot of Federation. "Man," he replied angrily, "I have no time for Federation. I am putting a new brand of whisky on the market." What about influence after this ! A would-be member of the Bushmen's Con- tingent in his application for enlistment sent in testimonials from a Supreme Court Judge, Mitjor-General French, Sir George Dibbs, Mr. Lyne, Mr. See, Mr. Hassall, Mr. O'Sullivan, Sir Joseph Abbott, many merchants and more magistrates, and yet he was refused notwithstanding he passed th« tests in riding and shooting, was of good character and of military stamp. Moreover, his wife had consented to his going to the front. Just now that rejected warrior ia about the maddest man in Sydney, and his remarles are froe, fluent, forcible and un- printable. It is interesting to lanrn of a case where overwhelming influence is itself overwhelmed. Richnvd Si-nth, M P., has gone to the Swuth African front on hie own. Ho will see fight-through a powerful telescope. Once on the floor of the House he deolared that should an enemy threaten Sydney he would barricade himself behind the Blue Mountains. Ah ! these political braves ! and there are many of thom. British supremacy in Soutli Africa will mean the " opening up" of the richest land in the world. It will provoke a phenomenal boom. lu Australia, wh'ero times are bad, many eyes will be turned towards South Africa and a multitude with muscle, money and enterprise will cross the oceans and permanently settle in South Africa. Can Australia afford to lose thpso men. Most assuredly she cannot. A boom in South Africa will mean the biggest and heaviest blow this country ever received. It will bo remembered how the Eastern Colonies suffered through the exodus to West Australian goldfields. But the departures were not beyond our shores. Tho men, too, returned in large numbers. South Africa is three weeks Btsaming from Sydney, and the chancos are that ouly a percentage will return. Prosperity in South Africa will certainly not teud towards progress in Australia. Solicitor W. T. Griffin, a brother of the lamented major who lost his life in South Africa, has consented to stand for Gundagai at the nest general election. Mr. Griffin ia a son of the late Gold Commissioner Griffin, who died suddenly at Muloug a few years ago. S3'dney is soared over the renewed out- break of the abominable plague. It has been traoed to tho West Sydney wharves, the oldest portion of tho ci cy aud an ideal breeding place for disenso. This section of Sydney may yet have to be doatroyed by fire. Poet Henry Lawson pvoooeds to London shortly, having booked a passage for hirn aolf and family by way of South Africa. By tlie way, Henry is once moro a lather. Ile now boasts ol' a buy and a girl. Good lucie to tili« bright young Australian, who found literature u poorly rewarded pursuit in Australia. His BUOCHBK iu London, how ever, iu ulroady assured fur ho hu« many ougagouioutu tu /ill. 