¶ “ In Fields of the Sea. ” · ¶ YACHTING IN THE RAIN AT COWES. · ¶ ( By Allen Upward. ) · ¶ The lustre of the rain is over it all. · ¶ The Solent Sea, the yachts' play- ground, is crinkled with grey furrows, on which the foam-spit flickers like driving snow. When the. purple cur- tains of the rolling rain part for a mi- nute, the iwhite edge of Hampshire gleams like a picked bone. · ¶ Away to the westward, where the rac- ing cruisers are rounding the Lepe buoy, their taut sails glisten like washed tiles in the welcome sun. But this is only while they are on the reach out ; as they twist round the red-and- white- top, invisible on the water, and come up into the wind, the sunlight empties out of their sails like so much spilled water, and each boat becomes a grey, shadowy ghost gliding forward along grooves of lead. · ¶ Then the rain wreaths close round again ; Hampshire is blotted out with all its hills and woods and houses, and the racing yachts are blurted sugges- tions behind a veil. · ¶ Here, in the Roads, a real sea is beating in, tossing two-hundred- ton schooners up and down as though they were the merest cock-boats, and send- ing its spray over the row of bright brass cannon with which the Royal Yacht Squadron salutes its Royal mem- bers when they anchor off the castle. · ¶ MUFFLED IN RAIN. · ¶ On the whole pleasure fleet the rain falls with the effect of silence. There need no ensigns flying half-mast to re- mind us of the sailor Prince who has sailed on the last dark voyage. The elements have conspired to put Cowes into mourning. · ¶ Few are the launches seen darting to and fro between the club landing- stages and the steamers in the Roads, few the boatloads of neat-jerseyed yachtsmen congregating at the old Town Steps. The rain and wind have blotted out the life of the Roads hike the landscape, and. the whole popula- tion afloat has shrunk into its cabins like a sea-thing into its shell. · ¶ In this panorama of mist the Cowes of former years seems impossible — it never can have been. Where are those scorching mornings gone, on which we lay about on deck in our tightest flannels, in the grateful shade of the mainboom or more luxurious awning siping iced drinks out of deep, cool tumblers, and puffing languidly at Turkish cigarettes, while the merry five- raters whisked past us, and we had scarcely energy enough to rush to the stern and pull the boats out of the way of some daring racer threading its way between our stern and the bowsprit of our neighbour ? What of those sultry afternoons when an irresistible attrac- tion drew us ashore — the same attrac- tion that, if you are ashore, draws you irresistibly to go on board again — and we squeeze our way through perspir- ing crowds round the Castle point to the refreshing little Green, where groups of pleasure-seekers lay upon the grass, pretending to watch the races ? · ¶ OILSKINS. · ¶ All that has vanished for the nonce, and instead, humiliated yachting men ( for yachtsmen in these latitudes means the crew ) pop up discontented heads through the cabin hatches, scowl round the horizon for a moment, from the dripping trees of Norris Castle on the one side, to the dripping roofs of West Cowes on the other, and then go down, grumbling, to strong drink and cards. · ¶ Later in the day the same depressed figures show themselves at full length. · ¶ A barefooted skipper is seen giving orders to a couple of discouraged deck- hands, the gig is hastily mopped out and. brought alongside, dry cushions are thrown into the stern, and then the prisoners from below emerge, oil-skin- ned from head to foot, bolt guiltily over the side into the pitching boat, and are rowed ashlore, where they take refuge instantly in clubhouse or hotel. · ¶ Clearly there is a mistake in the word- ing of the law which declares that the Cowes Week'shall begin with the first Monday in August. Of course, it ought to read — the first fine Monday. · ¶ A SCHOOL OF SEAMANSHIP. · ¶ Cowes at its best is England at its best. If Waterloo was won on the playing-fields of Eton, it is here on this. miniature channel between the Isle of Wight and its big neighbor, that the Mistress of the Seas renews her youth. In Portsmouth, above all other places, I have seen the spirit of Britannia seems to show her- self armed and waiting for the foe. At Cowes the victors of Trafalgar make holiday. Here, at least, the poor phrase that Englishmen take their pleasures sadly falls to pieces. Here they take their pleasure, not madly, like the mere foreigner, but with the glad sense of freedom, and the stern de- light in wrestling with Nature in all her moods, which the foreigner so little un- derstands. · ¶ If there be a keener joy than steer- ing your own boat all the summer after- noon till she rounds the last mark, and the welcome gun tells that the first prize is yours, I have never tasted it. To the visitor to Cowes it may seem that all the glory of the racing is re- flected on the big yachts, the Britan- nias and Meteors, those snowy towers of canvas that move with the dip and glide of glaciers in a hurry down the broad wake of waters. But the keen sportsman has long ago lost touch of the delight in being a passenger on board his skipper's craft, while that masterful functionary, compared with whom one's coachman is but a servant, and one's head gardener a willing slave, pits his skill and the designer's against their professional rivals. · ¶ THE BEST SPORT IN YACHT- ING. · ¶ So nowadays the best sport in yacht- ing is found among the smaller craft, from the tiny half-rater up to the five, on board which no paid hand may touch the tiller. And lest the de- signer should have too great an innings, classes are introduced, in which all the boats are built alike down to the small- est bolt, and it becomes a question of the helmsman's skill and luck alone. · ¶ There is no prettier sight than a fleet of these tiny cutters crowding and dodg- ing on the line, which each wants to cross at the exact moment when the blue-peter is hauled, down. For sight is quicker than sound, and the moment between the shifting of the flags and the crack of the gun, may mean the whole difference of a tack. · ¶ Equally picturesque is it when some big class, the, "forties" perhaps return- ing from its outward run, comes into the midst of such a fleet of "ones" or "halves," through which the giants pass like swans between a brood of duck- lings. · ¶ Whatever be the effect of the stormy weather on the racing — and, of course, such wee craft show best in smooth water, the muster of cruising yachts is better than was feared. There seem to be as many of the big white steam- ers as usual, the chief falling off is in the attendance of the lesser yawls and cutters, from 20 tons to 80 which are to yachting what infantry is to an army. The angry sea has caused judicious skippers to space out their craft more widely, so that the roads look fuller than they really are. I counted a dozen craft only in the berth to the west of the main steamers' fairway, the rest are in pro- portion. · 