A SOLDIER’S GHOST STORY. This is a True Story Told by an Old Pen tioner to a Former Chaplain of Chelsea. Hospital. In the year 1799 there was a large garret. ! sun at Dover, as there was at that time a constant expectation of an .attack Horn France. ' There were * ix bal talious. at Dover, four of which were quartered in the Cattle. On January 14 There happened au event which mode a great impresnon on the garr soii, and which was never expla ned. Amqng the men whose duty was son try-go on that night was G*lcs Markham, a native . of Tewkesbury, who was what is calie.l “a character,'' A bold, boisterous, rollicking follow, ho always loudly expressed a dis belief in things which were not vouched for , bv his own senses. * On Hit night of January 14, 1799, Giles Markham went on to take his turn of sen try duty at eleven o’clock, und ho was to bo at his jxist until one in tho, -morning. Tho air was cold and bracing. Within 'the guardhouse a large tire bloat'd merriiv, and tho men wore merry too. . Markham, who wm always the leading spirit ■ among his comrades, was full of fun. and had entertained his comrades with many a Htory and jest. At length his turn for duty came, and ho reluctantly tinned out. Du!- ness fell upon t ho guardhouse when he lef , and most of the men dtt/pi?ed into a doxe. Tho lire was beginning to burn low- when suddenly tho voice of the Gentry at the guardhouse door war? heard calling out, and someone rushed into tho room. Fvery one was uwako in a minute, and the intruder was seen to be Giles Markham. His cheeks wore white, his lirttbs trembled, his firelock, which he had brought with him, fell with a crash to the ground, Tl»c whole of the guard wore by this fine alarmed, and all crowded round the man and asked in one voice; , “What's tho matter, Markham? What has happened T ‘ ■ “1 have u.en my mother,” gasped the un happy man. “Bcen tho devil!” said tho sergeant. “And suppose you have, why'did you quit your post ?” Was I to go into the sentry-box while my mother was here?” demanded Mark ham, shaking from head to foot as if in an ague fit. “I tell you, I couldn't do it —no, not if it were to save my •It"won’t do, Markham/' said the ser j geaiP. 'Tlidjllecli* that thcajil are such j things as the Articles of War. It don’t, do to j crack your jokes at tho expense of them.” i But Markham's manner so impressed the ; men that ivome of them almost unconsciously [ u»tcd the time by the guardroom clock. It I wis fivc-and-twenty minutes to one, and a iiemcranduii) was made of the time. “I am sorry for yon, Markham/' said the sergeant, “but this must be..reported to the officer, and t you must lake the conse- r “I; don’t care what the .consequences mav be, ur tolwliom you-report me,” he replied When, the officer arrived ho, of-course, (demanded an explanation. Markham, who liad by this time recovered his self-com jposure, then gave •'.the following account of ;his adventure ; [ “You know' whore my ivist was,” lie said, “'on the pbtfonn of Number Five battery, [which overlooks the eea. The sentry wdiom *£ relieved reported ‘All wcD.’ Over the [surface of the channel, as far as my eyes ieould reach, not a tiling was moving. The ■noises from the town grew • every. *moment ilesK and less, and at last thby -died away, so. that w’hen the clocks struck twelve there was not a sound except the roAr of the sea. X have often done duty on that post before, but never hrtve I felt the silence as I did to-nght. t was (horoxighly depressed by tho • stillness and loneliness around me. And then I fell a-thinking. I thought of my uast life, and I knew that it had not been all it ought to have beq:i. I thought of my mother, and I remembered how she used to weep over my father s loose life—and it was a very loose life —and how she used to pray that I might turn out a belter man than he was. Poor mother! I stood be-' side the gun, and wept Ike a baby as I thought of her, and *>f wUiat she wmild Ihink of me now. After a time the feeling wore off, and I laughed at myself for giving way to tsilly sentimentalism. I faced about and walked to the end of niv beat, and ’ then, feeling tired, made for the sentry-box. Sir, you may not .believe me, but as there is a heaven above u ti, there at the box stood my mother. She was pale, and looked at me w'lth an expression of sorrow that cut me to the heart. I was glued to "the snot, I could not move. I heard her voice. She ea r d, ‘Tim tS- iy lUvclve months wq'shall meet again.’ The words smote me, and I, who was never frightened before, quaked with fear—fear of what i know not. I tried * to speak, but couldn’t. At length I found feeling return to my legs, and I bolted. Be lieve mo as you like, every word I have said, sir, is true.” “You have told a strange, story, Mark ham,” fiaid the officer, “to account for your commisrion of a serious military offence. But I will do th : a much for yon. A prisoner you ; must be, and a report must be sent in to-' ! morrow to the colonel ; but. he. shall bo told your tale, and as you have been a good sol dier X will beg hi# leniency for you v * are a native of Tewkesbury, you s&v; r* your mother live theref' * U 1 have every reason to supi mtt w aiisw'ertd Markham. “It h years 8 j have aeon or written. to her/’ co * i “Yery well/’ aaid the oflicer, ‘ 7 vonr ». jjlier 1 ' whall bo written to;, and your [v' will depend on the answer." * 1 Mavkliam wao’kepba prisoner that mcM 'and was reported next morning. Two \Ji ' were detqxiltehq] by th<4 Lionel, Markham s mother, and another (o fl ' cletgyman of the parish in which she w*! supposed to reside. In duo course ih W came back answer* to both letters ? /?*\ was in t he handwriting of und the other from the parson. The if 1 ter fctated tliat lie had received on bitmap the very morning when the colomd’s le/i? readied lum thht the woman eoncernift whom the inquiries had been made was i be buried next day. Markham, senior in his letter stated that hi* wife had d]J If half- past twelve on the night of j* t > 2 14\. The imwh made se much '‘mpmsi.ii. .1 the Colonel that Markliam was released Time rolled on until a year had loujp «ni Markham’s regiment was at Ashford ' January M came rnuml MarklmiH seemed as healthy as ever. He had ,, through a hard fatigue duty in the when bodhmo cvnc he gladlv tumbled i saying a cheery “Good nioht” to his «, ’ radcs. That was at ten o'clock. j"!‘ hours and a half afterwards one of <})< ,., of Markham's company, who had, had kav? to be la<e. came in, and was a id ►Some of the men woke pn, and Marl ) 1Aln -l : voice wla heard saving, “I, am cmnl“ mother. It was 12.30 «» J».,„ arv A' Markham was found dead :u hiy tn-d n ’ next morning, with a peaceful, happy' \J1. in his face. 1 A lady whoso maid was stricken down with typhoid fever decided .to mim* U Jt . m r i liers.lt, having a great liking for lior. \\[ {(n . her complete restomt on to health the roaid was aaked to resume her duties. Her nu hWl . r was an expression ,of gratitude for tlu* ktnd ness and care she had received, sorrowfully, -X regret that H-shall not bt able 'to return your service, as 1 un gage myself to one who ianot a Imly, an ,j of course, no lady would- have nursed "and waited upon a servant as you have d<m e in my c80C. ;,; . The Ruthcrglen •'miners have an annual excursion to the const,' and are usually a<- compaimd on these outings by a brass baud engaged for the occasion.' * if a : committee meeting held to make the necessary amfige mexits one of the members primed uncar ing the same band as they Imd last vear' when a young miner jumped to Ins feet and exclaimed, Na, na; 1 object to that a*thegi th'er. Man, eaid he, d’ye no min’ Inst year when we landed at the Broomielaw thev flayin’ “When the Kye Como Hamc,” the same as wo wore a lot o’ brulo beasts? 