TOWN TATTLE. [Bt Crr.l AUSTRALIAN 7INAH0S. Throughout Australia tbe condition of public finance is very satisfactory, con firmatory of the steady Improvement in trade which was first noticeable two years ago. With the exception, I think; of. New South Wales surpluses will be general In ?nita of tha war ontlav. On nanaif Sir William Lyne should be enjoying a credit balance, but by assnmlng a defioit of nearly £100,000 he emphasises his book-keeping quarrel with Mr Reid. From an economical aspect It is a pity federation is being in* ?tailed with rising markets, for tbe tendenoy mey be In the direction of lavish initial lines; but familiarity with droughts and reverses make treasurers versatile aud elastic. It is a suggestive fact that the return of prosperity Is marked by a great falling off in probate and succession duties, ?bowing the effect which worrying .times have upon the wealthiest msn. Thanks to faulty draftsmanship and clever legal talent, Mr Holder was deprived of a big sum under' this bead, but be expeote to oome ont after all with a credit el £15,000, every happy result. It II ? capital advertisement for him lo respect to the Federal Treasurerahip Or Chairmanship' of the Iotor*St«te Commis sion. Excepting Sir John Forrest, Mr Holder has dellverbd more budget opeeohes than any man in Australia, and he Is unquestionably a great matter of finanoe. At the Convention no one was keener, dearer, or moreoemprehsnsive and thorough with figures than Mr Holder. The no confidence debates in Melbourne and Sydney arc simply * bid for the federal premiership by MrReld or Sir George Turner, ABBTBAUAK LOYALT*. Mr Chamberlain's appeal for Australian assistance in China has met with charao terlstioally sympathetic response. His masterly tact in dealing with the Common wealth Bill is warmly appreciated. As Lord Carrlngton remarked In the gilded chamber, Mr Chamberlain was generous to tbe colonies In the hope of receiving a more than equivalent in return. On the other band the ooloales are ready to tender a handsome equivalent confident that it is a goM investment. For example, the loyalty of Canada is being rewarded by the admis sion of the Dominion stocks to the statutory iistofeeourities in which trustees in Great Britain may invest, and that admlssioa wiU so Improve the price of f ature loans as to bring within the next dozen years in actual oash Into the Dominion Treasurer more than oas been spent upon the South African contingents. A similar oonoeuion to Aus tralia, when the Federal Parliament takes over the State debts and consolidates them will be worth millions. The mutuality of interests between Great Britain and Aus tralia is so obvious to the reflective miod, so great when interpreted In pounds, shillings, and peooe that the loyalty of each to the other has a solid basis. A NAVAL POWER. Australia is destined to become a most important Jbranoti establishment of the British naval power. With consistent con servative stupidity tbe Admiralty has been the slowest to perceive the f aot. To Captain Creswell Is due the credit of first giving the idea a tangible shape, and the recommenda tions of tne Conference of Australian Naval Commandants for tbe training of reserves will be ultimately sdoptod as a aoheme of sagacious statesmanship; $aptain Creswell had to fight the Times aa tbe mouthpiece of wooden officialdom, and he did so with such skill that even the Timid baa thrown over tbe Admiralty and1 come 'to' the stde' t-f Australian shrewdness. The urgenoy of the Cainese question has thrown a eearohlght upon the negleot of the British naval, authorities Co develop Australia in. the way auqgested by. Captain CresweU. Had the money paid in oash as a contribution to the Auxiliary Squadron been spent in training ?eamen for men of war, vessels ooold be, despatched to the Far East without a moment's delay. It Is beoomlng abundantly dear that Australia «an be made tbe Jtey of British power In Asia, and It la to Aus tralia's Interest that it should be so, for her riches would otherwise tempt the cupidity of great powers alone kept in oheok by the British fleet | HONORAHIUJC. I Just now the publio ear is assaulted by I Impeachments of the patriotism and loyalty ! of men public and private. The burning question in Parliament la whether Mr Kingston Is to reoejlve the additional allow ance owing to the protracted fedeial negotF ationa having oaused him. to be embarrass ingly detained In London. Recently we had the spectacle of the Patriotic Oommittee voting twenty pounds worth of plate. }o a well-salaried offioiaV*ot oat JafFtfcf' #m&i; mlttee's own raoekets, - but «at »of the: threepences and 'sixpences contributed- f by the poor for the sJok and wounded ?eoIdJers. ; Altogether thatoommt*tee-reoel*ed-£6,00e~ and debited the fund with £40 for clerical assistance. The Register oolleoted £10,000 In small puma and never, oharged a penny* expenses, and a member of the oommoroial staff sacrificed his holiday and his evenings at home for weeks to keep the aooount as a labor of love. In a similar spirit Lady Brown has administered the nurses* fund, the expenses on a collection of 41,234 being but 35« 7d. A suggestion that the oom mittee should be furnished with framed group photographs of the nurses was heartily weloomed on the condition that the com* mittee paid for It ent of their own purses, but the authoress, of the suggestion has not proceeded further in the' matter. It h Interesting, is It not, after one has done the work, to receive a letter of thanks from a figure-head for having merely co- operated ? MARBIAQB. 'And when the flood came they were eating and drinking aud giving in marriage.' Come sunshine or storm, and we may dispense, with Courts and Parliaments and pulpit and press, but humanity will have its weddings and ohristenlngs. Our marriage service Is out of date, what a burlesque for a poor man marrying a rich bride to ssy ' With tall my worldly goods? the* endow.' The allusion to possessionajn the ritual was all very well before the new woman oame with the Married Women's Property Aot and her olnb and latohkey. To those who have had experience of the ill-oonocaled tragedies of life ?marriage oeremony is a melancholy, harrowing memory, raising ghosts ; the burial service haa the advan tage that at least one person is at last at rest, let, like teething and measles, most of us have to undergo the discipline of matrimony; we have to be made naoom* fortable In order to appreciate comfort. Look at the pitiful wrecks of existence exposed to unsympathetic gaze In the Dlvoroe Court, and we know many vestals are water* togged whloh never reach that beaoh, and others founder mysteriously. Bat all these crafts sailed from port, flags flying, bands playing, bands clapping, rice throwing ; and they return not. Still their disaster does not prevent us from employing the sea, from launching fresh ablps, despatching other individuals who may perish, but the wants of the race must be met. TRAGEDY TfitK WITNESS OF TRUTH. Happy is the bride tbe sun shines oo. Not always so. You see a merchant fleet aofnrl their expanding canvas to the gentle breeze* will you piok tbe one to best weather the storms t It will not always be the vessel of sweet proportions and graceful masts, tbe yacht with tbe beautiful figure bead, whloh catching the slanting beams makes a lovely picture. The success of marriage Is to be measared In its relation to oharaoter. No one can say that any union founded upon a supreme affection is a failure. It may not lie financially or ttoolally brilliant but if It answers the purpose of human probation It is justified. To magoetise oharaoter yon must have opposite poles, and because tbe law of like and love nnitei nnlikes -aritios shake their wise beads over the prospects of the onion. You may have on tbs one hand a temperament oast In an ardent * quixotic and ambitious mould, dazzling, dashing, daring, and commanding, energising, absorbing } and on the other an easy-going pbtlospbio mind with nothing but good humour and a saving of common sense to reoommend it. . The oontrast is startling, inexptteaUe ; yet the one is the complement to the other as tha anpple sheath to the sharp eword— the eword wears longer and brighter for the protecting oover. Neat brandy is too fiery, unmixed soda too Insipid t combine them and yon have a palatable, refreshing, and exhilarating beverage, sonio, and toedldne. And tbe subtle law by whloh the tmemistry of oharaoter is safely oomponriBedJIa beyond the mataernatioa of seen trho formulate marriages of convenience, TbaJErenohbave tried it with effcota as grotesque as:their pruning of trees/- eooordinr touarbtoraty geomstrfafJ methods. Jnst as AssWIins olalm the right to interpret *he federal constitution, which shey nade bsoansBtthey beat know their oOnditions, Nature is «lone nnniirtitri ta tiplm* ihnu trnrnth** whin BT* most fitted for each other. And if it be said berjstoriesdo not always end happily, It mast be reooQeoted that the tragedies of Nature are fewer «nd more sublime than otumsy manikin tmftatlom. It is a oommon mistake to regard tragedy ar« waste energy, whereas apart from * ^sickly aentimenteUty it is seen as a oontervative force. The little man ohatters and gaggles as bit curiosity b tlokled with the - surface movements of 'Nature, but the great man who- pulsates with tha vast heart of things k prostrated -n reverential awe. Tragedy is the shadow of death, ae terrestrial extsteaoe ts ?'» passing reflection of everlasting msjesty. 