THE GARDEN COURT MURDER (Am. Riohts Reserved.) Bt BURFORD DBLANNOY. CHAPTER X. « OPEN IM THE NAME OF THE LAW.' When the shadows of night fell, Cinders ventured into the Temple with one of the portmanteaus of gold. Not a soul recognised him. Daverson'e cham bers were olosed. He was glad to see that, for hiB own rooms were exactly above them. Opening hie own door, he wflB about to strike n light, when he re membered that ilis windows were silut toriess. Cursing thu necessity which compelled him, to work in the dark — for it was uBeleBB to sport his oak with illu minated windows which could beBepn from the Court below— he went into the. inner room, and shutting himself in, struck a match and lit a candle. He pa zed at himself in the Rlass, and again marvelled at the change in his afipear anoe, he could quite undei stand friends paaeinjr him without recognition. Curi ouBly enough he looked more like Daver son than himself. That hump on his back had been a happy inspiration. He rolled up some brown paper into a huge extinguisher shaped cone, making a tiny dole which he could cover with his hnnd, and with this crude sort of dark lantern. he affixed to the inner door the padlock haBD he had purchased dur ing the. day .Then he ventured to his own private room, in the cupboard of which the body was hidden. The tiny circle of light from his brown paper lantern he threw on to the door. All was as he had left it. He poshed the door and was abon t to insert the key and open i(. He would. for the time being.hide the money away with the body. Then he remem bered that he ha.fl more bags to fetch from the railway stations. Once open ing the cupboard would do. The con tents were not of the most pleasant nature to look upon. And so quickly he left the Temple again and drove to Euston, returning in another cab with one of his leitatthe cloak-rooni bags. And this he kept up daring the evening till he had the whole of the money safely in his chambers. Tlien he closed both doors with a sigh . of relief, went into Mb bedroom, and for a few minutes lay at full length on iiis bed. Hit) nerves had been at straining point the whole day, and he felt dog tired. After a little rest he arose and began to remove the disguise. The two co its he rolled up, and removing the wig, began to take ofi his complexion, as he had liei n directed, with vaseline. Very soon he was himself again — Cin- ders. A very pale worried-looking Cin ders, it is true, but he remembered the money which was in hie possession, and ' his heart beat the faster for the pleasure he. anticipated its spending would bring him. Three parts of the pleasure of life lies in its' anticipation. Awash and brush up, and he felt greatly re freshed. The wig and other items of his disguise he rolled up in the two corits. and then taking the candle he boldly entered his sitting-room. In his own proper person Cinders did not mind being seen. He lit the. other candles, for although by no means a nervous man, he preferred plenty of light— when he remembered how the cupboard was tenanted. He smiled grimly as he saw the row of bags, and thought that if all else failed him, he had sufficient stock in hand to start in the portmanteau trade. And then he inserted the key in the lock of the cupboard and opened the door. As he did so the door seemed to be pushed open. The body had rested against it, and it fell forward into the room as the door opened. Cinders gave a slight shudder as he picked ud the corpse and leant it against the back wall of the cupboard. Then he, one after the other, and one on the othur, piled the bags of money on the door of the cupboard, and stood there for a mo ment contemplating them. ' Wealth and death, side by side,' he muttered. ' Both owing to you Nellie Esmond. The money is mine, the death yours. How to dispose of that body so that it may come up as damning evi dence against you later on, is a problem 1 have yet to solve. Meanwhile it must he k«pt here, and the only safe — and Banitary — way of keeping it is in an air ti?ht bag. That I shall get in two days. Now I have secured the money, it is time, to fasten the attention of the police on you my pretty Nellie.. Your going to Liverpool helpB the matter consider ably.' .. He walked to the table, and from the '? stationery rack in front of him, drew out some draft paper. This he held up to the light, and picked out those pieces without: watermarks. He had learnt so much from his practice at the Old Bailey, that he was not likely to give himself away by any unconsidered clues. Then, mixing some red, blue and black ink together. ht- with infinite patience printed in capital letters the following letter for Scotland Yard— a letter he had thought out during the day— ' mubdeit has been committed. i saw it done but am afbaidto 01 ve kvipbnce fou fear of being implicated. mlss Esmond the actress of 13a Arundel btkkkt, Strand, last night shot the Hon. Hubkht Haddon. They quar hhli.kl), about the mahria0k sue was tkyi no to fokck him into and when he had given her a cheque for £10,000 to settle the matter she suddenly turned and shot him. she has con cealed the corpse in a dress basest and is taking it with her to liverpool. , Sue has joined the ' Lullttliety Girl ' Company which is rehearsing there now, but that is a blind. she intends to cash the cheque and with it fly fhom Liverpool to America, nsr.YiNO on heit ability to throw the murdered man's body overboard during the passage. do not. bkcau.3b this is an anonymous letter, think it false. Knquikk at Mr. Haddon's place and satisfy yourself of hts bring missing, and then arrest the mubdresf! befork it is too late. Having carefully read this effusion, he folded it, and wrapped it in another eheet of draft paper, fastening the edges down with the margin of postage stamps. He would not risk using one of his own envelopes. Putting a stamp on it he directed it to the ' Criminal In vestigation Department. Scotland Yard.' marking it on the corner ' Urgent.' ' That will, I think, set the ball roll ing,' he muttered, as he put' it in his pocket, and picked up his hat. ''I'll walk as far as Whitehall to poBt it. Scotland Yard is [ think in the Bathe postal district, the postmark will aflord no cine to the sender's whereabouts.' He pot in the last bag of money, pushed the cupboard door to, and turned the '*ey in the lock. As he did bo a tumbling noise seemed to come from the cupboard, he imagined it to be the fall ing of some of the bags of money which caused it, and was on the point of turn ing the key again to see if it was so, when the action of his heart seemed to cease, for there came the sound of a peremptory knocking on his outer door 1 He staggered rather than walked out into -the passage, trying to pull himself together an he went. He opened the inner door and inquired : ' Who's there ? ' The peremptory rapping on the door was rosnmed, and a hoarse voice spoke through the letter-box slit : ' Open in the name of the law I ' CHAPTER XI. THE SCOTLAND YARD PREDIC TION. Suspicion ever haunts a guilty miud. Was all discovered P Were the police on the other side of the door waiting to arrest him P If no, he would never be taken alive. There had been a chance of his proving his innocence. His be haviour over the cashing of the cheque had destroyed it. Again that rapping at the door. What should he do f Escape' was im possible. Then be remembered that he had a revolver in his room. Better — better far end his life by his own hand speedily, than softer the damning tor ture of the condemned cell, and death at the common hangman's hands. Yes. he Would get the pistol. He was about to step into the inner room, when his movements were arrested by a voice— a voice he knew well— it came through the letter-box. ' Why the devil don't you open the door, Cinders ? How much longer are you going to keep the personiueation of law kicking at your inhospitable door ? ' In a moment Cinders had the door open. Daverson stood there— Da veraon fresh from the CJlub, fresh from the wine cup, and — if the truth must be told — a trifle fresh himself. He entered, and the two men walked into Cinders' room. ' I thought yon had gone to Ventnor. yon old fraud you,' said Daverson. 'Your man came to me and asked me to take a case- before Bucknill for you to morrow, an you-were leaving to-day by the noon traiD. and here 1 find you at midnight as pet- usual. What is the bull's-eye you are aiming at ?' ' Sit down, old fellow. There's the brandy by the side of you, help yourself. The fact is 1 have been feeling very seedy. I did arrange to run down to the Island, but something turned up to stop my doing so to-day.' '? Well, I am going through the brief to-night. I haven't even opened it yet. I left it on my table. I am sleeping in chambers to-night so there is no feur ot my not being in time for the Court in the morning.' ?'No need to trouble, old chap. The case is not in the list, and they wont be taking jury cases for at least three days.' ' Oh, is that so P I have not seen the !i»t. When I came into the Court I was surprised to see your light burning, 'hat is what made me knock you up. You are right, d'ar boy, you do look seedy. When you opened the door you looked more as if you expected to see a ghost than this too solid flesh of mine.' ' There is nothing .particularly ghostly about you, Daverson. ' No, I have, reluctantly, to admit that I belong to the fleshy school. By the bye. have you been to the Club this evening P ' '? No. I have been so busy that I have not been out.' ?' You have not heard tho news then ? ' ' What news ? ' ' The mysterious disappearance of Hubert Haddon.' '? N — no. /have not heard of it. Where has be gone P ' ' That is the whole point.' ' But was he not to have been mar ried this morning P He has gone on his lioneylnoon.' Cinders felt how grim was his utter ance, but he had a part to play, and he was not a man to stick at trifles, so he continued : ' You know what an erratic beggar he is. He is probably in ' Gay Paree ' by now.' ' Possibly; but you are wrong about the marriage. That is completely off. ' How do you know that P ' ' From the bust of sources— the at one time prospective bride herself. I met her at Euston this morning. She's joined the 'Lulluliety Girl.' Company, and was going to Liverpool.' ' Quarrel ? ' ' No, she said they were still friends, tut had agreed that it was best to part.' ?' How much did he. have to pay her to bring about that feeling in her heart P ' '? Oh, come Cinders ! That is not fair. The little woman is a lady.' ? . . ' A lady — and an actress ! ' 'Oh, that's all bally rot. Do not try to come the. Clement Scott line with, me, Cinders. There are as good women on the stage as oft it.' ' You think so P It is quite refresh ing to meet a roan like you occasionally, Davers'on. 1 wish you would look me up more often than you do. You act like a tonic. Innocence gets scarcer every day.' ' I do not care for your chaff. Women are bad in all lines of life — on the stage and oft it — just the same as there are Rood.' ,. „ . ?' You do me good.' ' * ' Very likely. I do not say there is an overflowing amount of virtue in the back row of the ballet, any more than there is in Piccadilly at midnight. But I do say, and do mean, that Nellie Esmond is as straight and true and pure and -virtuous a woman as ever existed.' ' You have been laying in a stock of adjectives, old man. I would not over burden that brain of yours were I you. Nellie Esmond may be — ' ' She is.' '-Well, grant it. If it pleases you to think so. it does not huit me. I sup pose you are entered on her list of friends.' : | ' I am proud to say, yes, to that. And I am her friend too in the strict .sense of the word.' I ' I understand. The go-through-fire- J and-water brand, eh P ' ' Do not sneer, Cinders, because, it is ' waste of time, it does not a fleet me a scrap. If 1 call myself the friend of any one, I hope I understand what friend ship means. I thought at first Haddon had been up to some hanky-panky busi ness, and if so I should have stood by Nellie Esmond. And so now, if she wanted a friend, I hope Bhe could not knock at a door where she would find a warmer one than at mine.' . , ' Quite touching.' '?It its plain she is not a friend of yours, by the way you talk. And that is curious, because, you and Haddon were so thick. However, let us drop the lady for a moment and come back to the man. Have you any idea where Haddon is?' 'IP Why should I know P ' ' All right, old fellow— keep your hair on. You were chummy, and I thought I you might know, that u all. It appears he must have left the houBe early in the morning, for not a soul saw or heard him go. He has taken no luggage, not a change of linen, not even a second collar, so no doubt he intended returning in a few hours. I fear foul play.' I ?? Foul play ! Why P ' ' The circumstances seem so curious. 1 On what was intended as hiB wedding morning he suddenly disappears without leaving a trace.' '' His tihould-have-been bride ought to be able to throw some light on it.' ' That if just mv idea, on thinking the matter over. I have acted on it. 1 have written, asking her if she «*«?' come to London— at least for the day.' ' To London K ' ' Yes. Despite this separation I be lieve she loved Hubert. When she hears of his disappearance I feel sure she will ran up to town. She ought to be able to get off for a day. So far she is only re hearsing with the ' Lulluliety Orirl ' Company.' ' And what good do you think her presence in London will effect P ' ' Do not knew. But Hubert Haddon was a friend of mine as he was of yours, and although you treat the matter lightly, I believe you would never for give yourself for your levity if anything serious really has happened to him.' ' What can have happened P ' ' Murdered, perhaps. He left hiB flat in the early morning before many people were about, and Iiis jewellery may have attracted the attention of some murder ing thief.' ' The police would laugh at such a theory as that.' ' They don't laugh at it. On the con trary they think it more than probable.' ' You have consulted the police then P ' ' I spent an hour at Scotland Yard before I went to the Club.' ' The devil yon did I And what more did they say anent this theory of yoursP' ' That if true, before the week was out they would find the body, and lay their hands on the man who committed the murder.' '*'' CHAPTER XII. IDENTIFYING THE PHOTOGKAPH. The telegram which Nelly Esmond dispatched from Euston was about her dress basket. ' The ' profession travels with its wardrobe packed in baskets for ease in transit, usually the. artiste has his or her initials painted on the side of the hamper. Nellie Esmond's initials so appeared on here. Itrwa8 about this basket— with 'N.E.' on it -that Nellie, telegraphed. Her wardrobe was missing. Shu had sent it forward, and on her arrival at Euston, expected to find it awaiting iier. But enquiry at the cloak-room was fruitless. For one of those apparently inscrutable reasons— which carriers alone are cap able of explaining away— it had not arrived. This seemed a little thing, but oft times great events from little causes spring. Had Miss Esmond's luggage travelled with her to Liverpool, this narrative might have shaped very differ ently. Her baggage would have been on the spot, and its absence would not have eoniiriued the susDicion of the police— a suspicion aroused by the anonymous letter. It is a mistake to suppose that anony mous letteis are never read. It sounds well to talk of ' stab-in-the-dark ' busi ness, and to assert that *' gentlemen always throw them away unread.' In nine ca3es out of ten the gentlemen very carefully read them, and .in an equal number of cases sufter a very unpleasant time nfter their jierusal, for the reason that anonymous letters are rarely made a medium for the transmission of plea sant news. They are usually framed with a view to ' opening the eyes ' of the recipient. There may be persons who cast into the fire unread this class of correspondence, but it is fair to say that Scotland Yard does not contain an overwhelming nnmber of such hyper gorupulous beings. The letter in capitals, which Cinders had so carefully drawn, and posted to Scotland Yard, arrived there at a time when detective Janson was on duty. He opened and read it. He was much struck with its contents, because the previous evening he had had a long in terview with Mr. Daverson. Therefore the seed sown by Cinders fell on fruitful soil. Mr. Daverson had told him all the story, not omitting thtt pending marriage of the missing man with Nellie Esmond. When, therefore, the Detective received the anonymous note, he did not for a moment think of ' casting it aside un read.' On the conlrary he. read it again and again. Then he 'cutely held it up to the light, for watermark tracing ; but the writer— quite as 'cute — had foreseen this. Then he looked at the postmark — it afforded nc clue. Then he smelled it— a perfume has before now put an astute detective on the scent. He weighed the content* very carefully. ' Murder has been com mitted. I saw it done.' That meant an accomplice. ' They quarrelled about the marriage ehe was trying to force him into.' That did not tally with Daver son's story. The barrister had sugges ted that the anxiety was on the. prt of the missing man -that he had been anxious to marry tho girl. Which ver sion was most likely to be correct ? Hip experience taught the detective to accept the letter-writer's statement. He. had had cases through his hands before of unscrupulous women blackmailing men. Why had she shot him P Perhaps after she had secured the cheque they had quarrelled, and he, possibly, threat ened to stop payment. The bank must be hiB first place of -enquiry . Where did the missing man bank ? Probably that information he could glean from Daver son. So he put on his hat and walked over to the Temple. Was Mr. Daverson in ! He was— would he walk in ? He walked in. Mr. Davenon wouldn't be a min ute, the clerk said— he was just washing his bands. Would Mr. JunKOi) like io cast his eye over the morning paper P Yes, Mr, Jantson said he would, aud he did cast his eye over it — literally— and took a mental inventory of everything in Mr. Daverson 's room. It was a habit of his— it had served him well on more than one occasion, this observation trick of his— and he cultivated it care fully. One thing he noted. TteBting on the mantel was a full length photograph of the barrister, and he remembered it afterwards, when the remembrance was of use to him, even to the name of the photographer. The interview was a short one. The detective said nothing of the receipt of the anonymous letter— ho believed in re ceiving information, but he rarely im parted it. Yes, DaVerson knew where the miB sing man had bunked— had had cheques from him and so. remembered — at Coutts'. Straight to Coutts' went the detec tive. He interviewed the paying- clerk. Yes, that worthy remembered cashing a £10.000 cheque quite well, payable to Nellie Esmond. Could he describe the presenter of the cheque P Certainly ; he was a fair, tall, stout humpbacked man. with small gide- whiBkera. Detective Janson stood silent for a moment. He was apt to remark that it took a deal to surprise him, but on this occasion he was distinctly surprised. For Ooutte' cashier had given him a de scrption of Daverson ! Of the barrister who had finst come to him with tidings of the missing man. Of the man who bad first suggested murder, and whose tale of the marriace did not tally, with the version given by the anonymous letter-writer. And the officer remembered too that the latter's Btory about the £10,000 cheque was, at least in a measure confirmed. 'You would know the man again P' ' Rather. I noticed him particularly, because the cheque was broken up peculiarly. Wbat Is it P Not forgery ? ' ' No — I fancy the cheque is all right. You will be here for the next hour P ' -'Yes.' ' I'll fetch you a photo, and see if you recognise the man.- I'll be back within the hour.' A hansom. Directions to drive to Sana's, the Photographers, 345, Strand.' Brief— uctionary— explanation of busi ness. Photographer anxious to oblige the police.. Let him have, the loan of one of Mr. Daverson's photos ? Certainly, and half a dozen other gentlemen's photos P Certainly. Coutt'sBank,cabby — thecab containing Detective Janson and those seven photo graphs, only one of wliich was of a man with a hump on his buck. The officer displayed his hand on the bank counter. He laid the pictures down as o ne. would lay playing cards face upwards. Without a moment's hesitation the bank clerk placed his in dex finger on one, and Raid : 'That's the man.' And his finger rested on the present ment of Daverson the barrister. Janson returned to Daverson's cham bers. To the tenant thereof he said : ' I've bpen to the bank.' ' Not got much of a ctlue there, I am afraid.' ' I don't know. One1 of the missing man's cheques was presented for pay ment by a man yesterday. ' Well, what has that to do with it ? ' ' I am inclined to think that the man had a hand in the murder.' ' Oh.' That was all Daverson suid. The de tective watched him closely and in silence. And presently the barrister in quired : ' What are you thinking now P ' ' I'm thinking'' replied the officer, slowly, ' whether I Bhall take into cus tody the man who presented that oheque.' (To be continued) 