■ I L0CAL.AND GENERAL NEWS. ! Mrs. Giiiaham, who for about two years has been suffering from eevere nervous affection, yesterday went to Sydney: fof1 medical treatment under the .specialist, Dr. Rennie. Mrs. Gra ham's numerous'friends, will, we are sure, anxiously await the result of the visit, and hope thab she will return quite restored to health. The Postmaster-General has ar ranged with the Shoalliaven and Berry Agricultural Societies to send all telegrams on the business of the ] societies at half rates until the close of their respective shows. As there should be no distinction in these matters, we take it that the Cobargo society will apply for the same conces sion. The delinquent solicitor who un blushingly oppropriatea his clients's money is growing quite too numerous, and the Chief Justice has actually callcd the thing by its right name | embezzlement. And the C.J. added that these cases are getting so numerous that the Court would have to deal with them in a severe manner, Bali! why | don't they dump the robbers into gaol like the more manly highwayman. At Braidwood, Judge Fitzhardinge, in summing up in'an indecent assault case, said "that half the -women who were assaulted by these hawkers only had. themselves . to blame, as they allowed their fondness for finery and 'trinkets to override their regard for their moral condition." Anyhow, there's not much "finery" about Judge Fitzhardinge. Anybody might be excused for mistaking the occupant of a very ordinary sulky for a tea agent, on his first trip-out. A PUBLIC meeting was held at the School 'of 'Arts on Tuesday evening for the purpose of nominating trustees for the recreation ground behind the Vicarage. The convener (Mr. F, G. Roberts, J.P.) presided, and Mr. F. Kelly was elected. secretary to the meeting. The following were elected, and their names will be submitted for approval through Mr. Clarke M.P. F. G. Roberts, H. Street, M. Pike, Dr. Meeke, P. Wihon. ■ The tennis club intend mating a couple of courts, and application will proVably be made to Government for assistance, in fencing the ground. The progress of the dairying industry in this district haB been most marked. About a decade ago there was scarcely a separator to be seen, and now thanks to the general strides made in methods of manufacture and to the enterprise of the N.8.W. Creamery Butter Co.,. creameries and factories are dotted in every conve nient spot. The Company named, a few weeks ago decided to erect a pasteuriser at its Cobargo Central Factory. The work has been done, and this latest addition to the art of advanced butter making is working day arid nifcht. The suppliers are to be congratulated on this act of prog ress on the part of the Company Pasteurised butter is always quoted at a higher -figure than other sorts, so that , suppliers should benefit mate rially. iTWbuldseetri that at last the con stant blasphemy of the country press man h^a induced Providence to take a band lfr-the suppression of newspaper borrowing, Jta .Upper Brogo offender in this respect was out in the ranges last week trying to locate a reef. Heavy rain commenced to fall, and the- prospector looked round, for shelter. Espying a big. hollow box log, he made for it, got in, and fixed himself up comfortably. After "the rain bad slacked off, he thought it time to be getting home, bat to his horror he found he was jambed. Nor was this all. Tighter and tighter swelled the log, and the unfortunate man'was overcome at the thought of a hideous death in the lonely mountains. His .body-would never be recovered. Conscience, too, which had been dor mant for yeprs awakened,'and memories of all /his past- sins -rushed rapidly through his tortured brain. But there was one sin . which troubled him more than all—for 10 yeara ho had borrowed the local paper, and had hardened his heart to the repeated appeals of the editor to become a subscriber,' An 'overwhelming sense of shan.'e came over him, and ha felt so small that he crawled out of the log with eaBe—and is now a valuable subscriber, The Departmental refusal to con struct a road to Co^ma, via Yourie, seems to Lave knocked all the 'go' out of the Bermagui Progress Committee and its irrepressible secretary. By the way, Mr. A^ati* Chapman, M.P., whoa speakjpg at Cobargo, said the getting , of this road was "a trifling affair,' and - dismissed the' question with a wave of his hand. This paper now calls upon Mr. Chapman to secure this "trifling affair." Just when our weathsr grizzlera were getting ready for a full-dress | rehearsal tiio rain came down and spoilt the show. On Friday there were decided indications of a desirable change, and on Saturday and Sunday nearly threa inches of rain were registered. Since then occasional showers have brought the record to | about three and a half inches. And j everybody's happy once more. j The Government offer a reward of £100 "for such information as. shall ; I lead to the apprehension and convic tion of two alleged offenders in a rape case. Surely if the case is strong enough against these men to warrant their arrest, a^y civilian giving satisfactory information should receive the reward, and not have to depend on the capricious, nessoflaw court proceedings to get hiB money. It is exactly 20 years since the first eleven aside cricket match between Victoria and South Australia was played in Melbourne. George Giffen is the only one of the 22 players in that event who is still playing in first class cricket. The old champion at 41 years is one of the .greatest players in his colony. He has taken part in 27 intercolonial matches, has made over 2000 runs, and taken over 200 wickets. Lyons, who recently decided to retire from first-class cricket, made his first appearance against Victoria in 1885\. He and Giffen played some very remarkable cricket against Vic torian bowling, A distinct Bign of progress. The body of the theosophist, Fred Cox was cremated ai Botany on Monday.' When the crematorium was opened there remained but a few ashes which were taken away by the calcined corpse's friends. Thus the problem of offensive and insanitary grave yards is practically and effectively solved. It has been proved beyond a doubt that £he liquids from bodies long years buried find their way to tthe nearest water courses. There is, of course, a natural repulsion to burn ing the bodies of our friends, but if people could only take a peep at the putrifying frames after they had been a few months in the grave, they would at once adopt the more rational system of cremation. Those objections wlrch are based on psychological grounds we don't pretend to deal with, but there's no doubt cremation would burst ap the ghost theory, anyhow. Among the conditions of peace between the Powers and China the [following appear :-(l.) China must eiect a monument over the site of the murder of Baron von Ketteler, the German Minister, and send a Prince of the Imperial Family to Germany to apologise for the murder. (2.) China must execute 11 Chinese guilty of instigating outrages, eaoh of those so executed to be either a high official or a prince. (3.) China most remove all officials who did not make due efforts to prevent outrages on foreigners. (4.) China mast compensate all States, corporations, and civilians, including natives employed by foreigners, for injury suffered through the outrages, and by the destruction of property.' (5.) China must permit the Ministers of the Powers to have rational inter course with the Emperor. (6.) China must raze the Taku forts and all forts on her coasts. (7.) The importation of arms and of war material into China is forbidden. £ Wb are indebted' to the courtesy of Mr. Road Super. Bathgate for the following tenders opened at Court House, Bega, on 19th instant:— Contract, No. 21/19001, Bermagui to Oobargo, F. Henwood, £219 0s 10d • John Guthrie £223 13s ; John Our ran, £234 12s; A. Talfcy,.£237 12s. Contract, No 25/1900-1, Cadgangarry to Upper Brogo: P.. Henwood £129 5s; John Curran, £190. Con tract, No. 26/1900-1, Berinagui t0; Quaama : G. Hyland, junr., £71 3a 8d; Charlie Inskip, £72 lls 8d ; John Oarran, £80 10s 10; . G. Wilson, £94; James Hayes, £100 4s Id; F Henwo6d, £112 5s 2d. Contract, No.- 27/1900-1, Cobargo-to Oobargo Butter Factory: William Meaker, £22 5s ; Thomas Staunton,' £28 ; James Hayes, £28 Is 6S; F. Hen wood,. £29 2s 6d; G. Wilson, £34 17s; Jolm Curran, £38 18s 6d. Contract, No. 28/1900-1, Wilgoa to Wandellow; James Hayes.^99 1&; John Guthrie, £106 18s; P. Henwood, £121; John Curran, £143 12. The Citizens' Life Assurance Co. has given a trophy, value 5 guineas, to be competed for by the district cricket clubs. Mr. Thomas Staunton was the victim of a rather serious accidcn' yesterday. Be had mounted a quiet old horse, and was bringing the cows home for the; morning milking, when by some mesne be was thrown. He arrived home on foot with the cows, but is unable to give any account) of hia mishap. Mr. Staunton was tem porarily unconscious, and sustained a fracture of the collar bone. 