Comic Cuttings- There are probably as good fish in the sea as ever were lied about. " Your wife is always so out-spoken." "Yes, outspoken, but never out-tulked." Morning wraps were the Invention of tho man who wakes up hotel guests for the early train. " You told me you and Harry loved at sight." "Yes, but we quarrelled on acquaintance." At a town's meeting In Ireland It was recently voted. " that atl persons in the town owning dogs shall be muzzled." "Does position affect sleep ?" asked a medical writer. It does when the man holds the position of night watchman. "Do you know much about that horse you bought from the Deacon ?" " I know more about the Deacon than 1 did." Some 0110 has written a poem on "Tho Tongue of Liberty." The tongue of liberty generally belongs to a married woman. "You sny that horse Isn't afraid of any thing. Can my wife drive him?" "I don't know, sir. I have never seen your wife." Visitor : " But this portrait of Mr. Bulger is a good deal more than life size.'" Artist : "I know it. That Is the slzo he thinks he Is." " Didn't I lend you £5 a month or so ago ?" " Yes, 1 believe you did. I'm ever so much obliged for your kindness. I feel I can never repay yon." Lady Friend (to young widow) : ' "You're gardening, T see. Lucy." Young Widow (with a weary smile): "Yes. I wish I could, so to say, transplant my weeds !" Watts: "There seems to he some truth in the saying that heaven help? those who help themselves." Potts : " Of course there Is. They are the only kind worth helping." First Beggar: "Hollo! Pickin' up anything on your rounds these days?" Second Beggar; "Ain't nothin' doln' at all. I had to draw live pounds out of the bank to-day ter pull me t'rough." Patient: "That sign of yours Is not very encouraging." Dentist : " Why so ? 1 guarantee to extract teeth with out pain." Patient : "Yes ; but I want the pain extracted. I'd rather keep the tooth." " Whyfor eez It zat a woman's face ecz used on zee silver dollar in zls country ?" Inquired a visiting foreigner. " Be cause," growled the impecunious native, " It is the Idiom of our language that money talks." Aunt (to Tommy, who has been to the menagerie) : " Well, Tommy, did you see the tiger ?" Tommy (whimpering) : "Yes, b-b-bu " Aunt: "But what— what are you crying about ?" Tommy : "They wouldn't let me stroke his ears," Miss Northside (to her brother) : "Do you know, Fred, that no fewer than four men want to marry me ?" Fred : "All right, sis. may the best mnn win 1" Miss Northslde : "You don't know much about such things. A bride does not marry the best man." C'anrobert was Inspecting the new gaiters worn by the light Infantry. See ing- one that was badly fastened, lie took the wearer to task. "Look here, I'll send you my nurse to button It on for you." "Quite unnecessary. General ; C see her every day." And Cunrobcrt burst out laughing. " Mabel, why don't your mamma wear diamond earrings like my mamma's?" " She left 'em home, and papa's hid 'em where the robbers cant get 'em." "Where has he. hid 'em?" " Why, I heard him tell mamma that he had put thorn up the spout, and he guessed they would stay there." Winks: "What makes you look so glum?" Jinks: "I have six daughters, none of them married, or likely to be." Winks: "And you glum over it? You are the most ungrateful mortal that ever breathed. I have six daughters, all mar ried, all have children, and I've got to support the whole crowd." A.: "Did It ever recur to you what a charming conversationalist P is ?" B.: 44 Well, I don't know ; not parti cularly. Why?" A.: "Oh. he Is, decidedly. He hasn't the ghost of a memory, you know, and you can tell your stories to him over and over again, and he enjoys them every time as much as at the first telling." A youngster one day eluded punish ment by creeping under a table, where his mother cuiild not reach him. Short ly after, his father came in, and, when told of the state of affairs, crawled on his hahiis and knees in search of his son and heir, when, to his astonishment, he was greeted with this inquiry:— "Hullo, father! Is she after you, too?" An American gentleman was talking of a little game of poker, down in Texas somewhere, in which he had taken part. 41 The man on my right," he said; " held four kings and an ace. The man on my left held four aces and a king." " And what did you hold ?" some one asked. 44 Well, I was acting coroner at the time. I guess I held the Inquest," 