Hunks of Information. — By Hanic Morgan. Brisbane telegram, 28th inst., reads as fol lows : "A boardinghouse-keeper in Elizabeth- street was found dead in her bed, and c:rcum- stanoes point to poisoning." Nonsense! The poison that can possibly astonish the stomaoh of a b ardiirghouse keeper has yet to bu discovered, and there's a mint of m ney in the aforesaid discovery. More unlikely by a hundred to one that the pet boarder cleared out with the neighbor's c >ok. Re the opinions given at inquests in general especially by young medicos, they are often n rUD> rcCrllllj c jDUUg uuoiUJ t cu an inquest in Bananaland, certified that a well- known lushington, who was discovered face downwards and dead on the footpath, had met his sad fate by apoplexy ; but some med dle ome foot turned over the blue-headed corpse and found its throat was cut. "Li Hung Chang and Prince Chang have communicated to the Allies an Imperial Edict asking the Foreign Ambassadors to indicate officials deserving of punishment, and also what punishment will be deemed adequate and suitable." Great Cats ! Let me settle the matter in a nutshell. Seize that confounded old humbiig Li to commence with, hew his heels off And then cast him into the deepest dungeon beneath the eastle moat; then collar Piince Chang and give him a week in a cook's shop with his mouth sewn up, and finally hand him over to the French consul at Hanlow to be guillo ined. If this doesn't fit the cases Fend over some more missionaries and more bibles and in struct the Chinese in " mercy, truth and light" by blowing them to pieces, stopping the sun for 48 hours a la Joshua, and robbing their henroosts and piggeries. London, October 27. M. Pichon, the French Minister at Peking, who was reported seriously ill, is now oonva- le cent. Bird s-nest soup, peacock's tongues, and caterpillars and cream had evidently dis agreed with this exalted personage, and France had better send a man-o'-war to escort him and his spare shirt collar and toothbrush home again. London, October 28. Yu, the Chinese Governdr at Sbani, has committed. bu-cide. No wonder I China is one streak of feathers, from the commandeering of henroosts by the Allies, from Pekin to the banks of the Amor, and it is rumored that apart from theee losses, in which Yu suffered heavily, his cabbage gardens are a total wreck and Prit'e hard Morgan has discovered a rich lode under the left wing of his ancestral palace, where the daily sight of the bamboo pnpp- 1- heads was too much for the Governor of Shami. Upon the owning of the Duke of York Perth is to have a brand-new council, whose first duty will be to kick the old council out, with the sole exception of Ralph Potts. A Committee of Ways and Means will be found and m< ney extracted from those per ons who dwell beneath the gilded balls by Potts ex tracting their teeth with a pair of jewelled forceps by painless mean-;. They must pay money — or the penalty ; and no yells will be heard in the str eets, for a brass band will be employed to play, and as Potts gives his final and awful wrench the big- drummer will bring his club down with a fearful bang. Money will simply roll into thb coffers, and the entire streets will work on the "cog" principle (on wheels). Pedestrians can then step off the pavement on to the street and discuss their business or their pleasure as the street moves on, and it will be known as -Hay-street, Barrack-street, or Murray-street, <ftc., according to where it happens to move, which will he a great convenience in proving an alibi. There is only one difficulty. Sup posing the Mayor ties his horse up in front of a Hay-street -pub. to ask the Dook's secre tary to have a drink, he might have to tele phone to Subiaco for his quadruped. London, October 27. The Natal rebels recently exploded a rail way culvert, and then raided and burned the Waschbank railway stat on, to the norffi of Ladysmith. They subsequently attempted to destroy the new Waschbank railway bridge and would have succeeded but for the arrival of British troops from Dundee, on whose ap pearance the raiders disappeared in the hills about Glencoe. Of course ; but if these 'parlous persons tried any of tbose little games in W.A. they wouia certainly disappear also, but d sappear withal in Fremantle Gaul, where six months on staggy potatoes and weevily oatmeal would just fit the case, without the option of a fine. We do these things better in W.A. Disappear into the hills, forsooth 1 London, October 26. A sensational bankiqg fraud is reported from the United States. A man named Al- ford, who was engaged as teller in the First National Bibk of New York, has absconded. It is stated that Alford's defalcations amount to 700,000 dollars, about £140,000. Now this is a little more up to the mark, but unfortunately no bank in W.A. possesses anything like £140,000 -to be defrauded of, as their principal funds con-ist of the accrued half-yearly interests upon huge overdrafts, which they dare not ball up, which is cre dited (in ledgers sewn with kangaroo thongs) to customers with calf-skin waistcoats and charged back tto them again in paper war rants. The teller who could embezzle $700,000 out df that lot would be a bigger marvel than Jimmy Governor. Broome telegraphs under date October 28th To-day the weather was extremely trying, the temperature being 109-deg. in the shade. A hot wind was blowing, and a bad dust- Btorm was raging. The barometer is falling, and thqre are general signs of an atmos pheric-disturbance.- To the ordinary man a bad duststorm is an atmospheric disturbance sufficiently galling in itself, but the inhabitants of Broome hold a diff- rent opinion, and a tolerably warm day in the village aforesaid 's usually the signal for an all-round drunk, in which the atmos phere is luridly disturbed by the inhabitants j. converting it into sulphurous chunks of invective, which tbey hurl at one another in fury. In these cases the barometer always falls, and so do the kerosine lamps, th combatants, and all else th«t can be ea-ily moved. English cable, October 29 : — It has not yet been dfcided in what manner the Duke and Duchess of York will make their contemplated visit to Australia. London is pretty si w after all ; but Australia doesn't expect His Highness to appear clad in a pair of cane slippers and a wild oath, or yet that the Dutjhess of York will make her contemplated visit togged up to the ear3 in a cheap mackintosh and armed with goloshes to the heel. Tbey are both thrice welcome anyway, and to the best we have or can borrow next door, but shove 'em along and send a spare fool-killer for any insipid Johnnies that may sneak out after them on the hunt for a little cheap notoriety. That awful place Wyndham, on October 29, wires : — Half an inch of rain fell last week, and the country is geneially dry. The public are anxious to know when they a-e going to get a diamond drill, so as to stait boring opera tions. Cattle have to travel eightem miles now from the last watering place prior to shipment. A diamoi.d drill, forsooth I The best plan we know of is to loosen the top hoop a litil- with a pirce of wood or a hammer ; then pour a bu ket of boiling water over the top of the cask and hoop tightly over the lot a double of tatpaulin. This prevents the aroma from escaping, and draws the very essence out of the liquor below. A careful ope ator cm thus produce a brew in an hour fully 15 per cent. o.p. The cable liar again on the Boers : — Dondon, October 29. The Loudon Daily Mail estimates that there are 15,000 B .ers still in the fi -Id. Half of this number are in the Orange River Colony. The enemy's entire field force is divided into small commandos. Which reminds us of a Barcoo boundary rider on CnrLtmas Day who drew rein and counted forty five dingoes run out of one log on Tambo Creek, but n- tiding that after the first fifteen dogs trotted past him the repia n ing thirty all limped and were lame, a el- ser investigation showed their entire fi-ld foice to be one old dingo slut with a small com mando of two puppies. The log was liul'ow right through, and in order to di- tract atten tiou from the commando the field force used to trot out, circle round the horseman, re-enter, and (rot out again, but barked its thin on a splinter the sixteemh time. London, October 29«-- Tiie aU es at Paoting-fu have seized 740 000 tae s (ibout £222,000), the property of the local Treasury. This is the first business-like move the a 1 es have yet niic'e, but the cost in wages, salaries, and sinful p oj -etdee, coupled witli the expense of fiting out the combined armies and navies of Europe is a pretty d ar investment for £222,000. Ned IL -lly, the great Australian gerieia1, with au am y of th.eamen, three horses, and some obsolete Bix-shootf-rs, seized £7000 and captured a bank manager and drove him in. -triumph round the town, and jet Europe was not at all agitated, because it is well known that Ned was not a thickheaded Sandliur-t-br. d Jackeroo with a handle to his name. That ;ame weary old Stock Exchange wheeze again : — West Australian Office, Monday. Business on the Stock Exchange of Perth to-day was confined to Ironsides North con., which changed bands at la. 4d, The share market in Adelaide has drifted into a most uninteresting condition, and business to day was of a dragging nature. Why in thunder don't the Perth scrip-punters shut up shop and go dryblowing; and so far as Adelaide, that holy and pious city, is con- cerned, business of late has mostly ben of a dragging nature ; but it is no use trying to drag any more out of the W.A. public at any rate, so Adelaide had better file its schedule and take to the harmonium and Sankey and Moody until some fresh swindles can be worked up. Parlementouse, October 30 : — It is a standing blot on the hfitory of Western Australia (says Mr. Monger) that there are 40,000,000 or 50,000,000 acres of territory practically unknown, its resourc s as regards mining and the growth of tropical produots unrevealed. And for his part, the member for York is determined to further as much as possiEe its exploration, which may add nrodiciouslv to the wealth and nroduc tivmes3 of Western Australia. That's all right, Fred; but the man who is equipped with a new branbag, a tack hammer, an eyeglass, and a pair of sugar tongs is hardly the class of mining quackspert who will explore and determine the extent of the vast auriferous resources of W.A., even if supported by the doughty member for York and backed up by the York infantry, Dick Burgess, and Flymie Martin. Kalgooriie Ostober 29. Last n'gbt thieves entered the battery house of the Rotal Standard Mine, at Black Flag, and carried away ten copper plates, containing about lOOoz. of go d. The police traced tbo tracks of the thieves for a 0 n iderable distance in the direction of Kal- goorlie. How are the mighty fallen I Kalgooriie, which was, two years ag \ going to paralyse the earth with the magn licence and inex haustible wealth of its gold mines, has now to emb zzle its gold from Black Flag in order to keep up the ghost of its past percentages. Now we can understand. Not a thousand miles from Greenhills, W. A., there is a hosle'ry run by W.A. bred farmers of Hibernian extraction. This pub. is famous for its hospitality, and its table is of world-wide fame. A cloth, fitting enough to have the night before done duty to rug a Berkshire pig, graces the table, which is bounteously provided with boiled pork and doughy bread. Knives, forks and spoons are chucked into the middle of the table, and the visitor, after polish:ng his plate with his elbow, sorts out his own tools and yells for a tin-opener and some canned salmon, in fact anything but what is before him. If it is a rainy night the visitor's horse fares sump tuously up to its knees n water, whioh accu- multes through the rain beating in through the-walls, which are conspicuous cn two sides of the wretched structure by tbebr ab sence/ It is needless to remark that tbe in- habit|nts of the neighborhood want no 'tofherside "pub" put in competition, and at the late election went bahlhraded a-T.inst Federation. CoolgarJie is p-actically being put on wheels and carted up to Kalgooriie, but be fore twelve months Piccadillv, that suburban resort of the Patricians of Dastopolis, may also be yanked on to the j inkers and hauled out to Boulder City, for wise men predict a rot setting in in Kalgooriie —to begin with, a huge bust up among the bung-starters. I am a staunch advocate of the rabbit. Bunny raised N.S.W, from a deadly slump of twenty j ears' standing, and placed the whole colony upon a pinuae'e of unquestionable progress. Bunny gave employment to thousands of indigent persons — Rabbit In spectors by the score; rabbit scalpers, poise nors, and ca'cbers by the hundred; made the fortune of stone-broke ironmongery firms, who supplied netting by the hundred tons; caused a special department to be opened employing hundreds <>f clerks and dozens of Inspectors to look after their account-keeping. Useful men were returned to Parliament on his account who would othenvi-e have starved. The whole of the colony rolled in wealth, and out-Heroded Herod by opening canning factories and slay ing the goose which laid the golden egg. Then tbe whole of the colony became, and has remained, poor ever since. The bulk of tho millions of pounds spent on rabbits was knocked out of tbe pockets of monopolists who In Id too much land, and distributed among t men who formerly were a cost to th e State. That aggressive aggregation of glorified bull-pedlars known as the " Bufol.e.s' Ring," is rumoured to be absolutely upon its last legs, and cheaper meat is pred cted at an early date. Since the said sanctified institu tion has exhibited as many legs as a basket ful of cent pedes, and each leg is armed with an iron heel, it is to be hoped that the chiropodists wdl now reap a harvest from the abundant corns produced by seven years of dire pressure upon the toes of the public bj tbe said ring. 