HER GRATITUDE. The si:i.iw li\y very (loop tlial year at Clinton Beeches, anil old Schoolmaster rtafford was more feeble than usual ; and, wiiut with Maria’s sowing being intemi]>ted, and a new milliner 'and dressmaker having set up at Beech village, limes w£re very laird. " Vou must get me some mote wood, Billy.” site said to iter little brother. "Tite lire nearly went out this morn ing- when you were at .school, and the snow was too deep for me to gel out to the wood pile.” ’• Wood pile's all gone,” said Billy, biting a semicircular piece out of Ids bread—1“ been gone fora week.” •'Gracious me 1” cried poor Maria. "And whore has all ilio wood come from that we’ve been burning Y” “ I’ve been rippin’ the thorns off the ghost-liouse fence,” observed Billy. “ I saw the other follows doing it, so why shouldn’t I V And I’ve chopped up all Ilio wood in the stable.” ” But, Billy, that is stealing !” said Maria. •‘No, it ain’t,” announced Billy, with the air of one who l’elt himself an au t itority on the subject. ” The old fel low that bought the ghost house has sold the property to the railway com pany, and they're going to lay a line of rails right through the back gar den. The old bouse would have been pulled to pieces long ago if folks hadn’t been afraid of the ghost, aud I may as well have a pull at it its anyone else.” “I am quite sure that John Gregory will loud us wood until I am able to order a fresh load, if yon go down and ask him.” " Here lie comes now,” said Billy, who had been battening liis nose against the window glass. "I think you’d better borrow it yourself.” “ Cornin’ this way,” said be. “thought I’d stop and impure how the old school master is.” “ Pa’s pretty feeble," sighed Maria. “ He’ll soon mend again once the spring sets in,” said John, encourag ingly. " Anything 1 can do for you, Maria, down in the village ?" “ I need some more wood,” said Maria, wistfully, " but 1 eau’t pay lor it before pa’s annuity money comes in.” “ Oh, get out!” said John. “ Pay for It, indeed ! When our woodland is sufferin’—yes, actually sufferin’—to be thinned out. I'll send you down a load, Maria, when-” “ I am not a beggar !” said Marla Kufford with some pride. “ Well, if you find a load left at your shed door one o’ these days you’ll know what It means,” said he. “ Don’t you want to ride down the road a piece, Maria ? I’m going to the" ghost house.” “ To the ghostliouse said Maria Uuff’ord. “ What for V” After a big mahogany chair that was left there,” said John. “ Old Ur, wkm is a curiosity collector, and lie’s bought it for a pound.. He’s got me to take it to the station. He’s goin’ to send it down to a place in London where they expect to sell it for much more. I’m told folks are going clean crazy about such old Hallo !’’ cried Billy, jumping down from the window seat. “ We burned up that chair, Maria, the day you wanted the'oven liot last week.” Ho turned a somersault out of the j room, and poor Maria, with downcast [. eyes and burning cheeks, was forced to i! explain the whole thing to John Greg I ory. j "Well, if this isn't a fix,” said that ! individual, with a long, low whistle. “ How am X to fetch the big chair down to the railway station if there’s none to fetch Y” ■' Oh, John, John, what shall we do’;” groaned poor Marin. “ Do you sup pose one of grand mother IttilTord’s old chairs would do as well Y There’s half a dozen ol’ them that have stood there ever since I was a child. They’re dreadfully old-fashioned.” Aud the result of the inspection was j that; one of grandmother Itufford’s high-shouldered old chairs was cheer fully brought downstairs and lifted into .Tulin’s earl. . John Gregory came up again within a week or two. •‘Well, Maria.” said lie. “I've got a customer for aiiother o' them old chairs. There’s a lady in London lias seen that olio and offered five pounds for it, hut it was bespoke. ,Sa when old Dawton told me of it, says 1, ‘ 1 know whore I can get another of the same pa ('tern, or as near like it as can be.’ Says he. ’ Send it to my simp, then.’ And if you’re willin’ to sell it on those terms-” The old llufford chairs were brought out of their dim receptacles in the gar ret and sold, one by one, to eager dilettanti—a battered old wardrobe was “fixed up” by John Gregory, and a spindle-legged table followed close and bard upon it, until Maria’s woodpile and Hour barrel were replenished, a new carpet, was bought for Grand father Itufford’s room, aud the rent and the grocer’s bills were triumph antly paid. •‘ It’s as if we’d fouuil a bag of gold.” said Maria with tears in lier eyes. “ Aud it’s all your doings, John.” “If you’re really so grateful to • o Woll ?” “ There's a way you might show it.” “ I can’t think what you mean, John.” ” Well, it's not for lack of explaining it.” sighed the faithful John. •* I want you to marry me, Maria. Tsii’t that plain enough Y” “Oh, John! When you know I can’t leave pa !” “ Well, then, let me come here to live. I’ve no wish to pari you from your father.” “ Well—John—if pa is willing-” John rose, quietly but resolutely—he grasped the vegetable pan aud lifted it carefully off the fire. “ John,” cried Maria, ’ what are you going to do ?” “ To kiss you, Maria.” “ But, Joint, the potatoes aren’t done !” “ Let llie potatoes wait,” said John. “ J’ve waited long enough.” . “ Help, help Y” cried a man who was attacked by thieves. “ Don’t excite yourself,” said one of llie roughs. “ We can do without as sistance.” friend (to a bulcher)—“ Why did you put it)i that large mirror near the door Y” ■‘ To prevent the servant girls from watching the scales.” Mrs. Xewrieh—“Oh. dear, no j My husband don't have to be in business no more, lie's just: a. gentleman now.” Mrs. Bluegore—“ That must be a pleasant, change for him.” 