NEWS AND NOTES. Bank Holiday.--Wednesday, the 13th inst., has been appointed a bank holiday at Kalgoorlie. foundation Day.-The anniversary of the foundation of the colony (1st June) will be observed on Monday, 4th prox., which will be a holiday in the government offices throughout the colony. Defence Forces.-The following gener al order, dated May 11, was gazetted yesterday:--His Excellensy the Ad ministrator in Executive Council has been pleased to appoint Lieut.-Colonel taynes, Commanding i]ield Artillery, and Major Hope, Commanding Fr mantle District, to be members of the Joint Naval and Military Committee ap pointed to consider and report upon the defences of the port of Fremantle, and gazetted on 13th October 1899, vice Major it. G. Moor; R.A., a'bsent on duty in South Africa. Appointments.-The following ap pointments were gazetted this week: T. J. Lonergan to act,, temporarily, as Resident Physician at Kalgooslie iHos pital, vice White, during the absence on sick leave of Dr. Love; with effect from the 17th May, 1900. Thos. Y. A. Lang to be District Registrar of Births, Deaths, and Marriages for the Yalgoo i Registry District, vice Falkiner; to re side at Yalgoo. Louis V. Simpson to be a bailiff of the Local Court at Nan nine. John Fee to be a bailiff of the Local Court at Busselton, vice G. Buck, resigned. -.ew Supreme Court Rule.-The fol lowing order xxii., rule 10, made by the .udges of the Supreme Court, has been gazetted:-"Where a cause or matter is tried by a Judge with a jury, no com munication to the jury shall be made until after the verdict is given, either of the fact that money has been paid into court, or of the amount paid in. The jury shall be required to find the amount of the debt or damages, as the case may be, without reference to any payment into court." Demonstration at Gingin. - Our Gin- gin correspondent writes - Monday's demonstration was sufficient evidence that the Gingin people are not the least enthusiastic of Western Australia in celebrating national events. Monday was specially set-apart for the commemora- tion of a double event -- the anniversary of the Queen's Birthday and rejoicing over the relief of Mafeking. The day's proceedings took the form of a public picnic, inaugurated by the Mayor (Mr. Jones), supported by an energetic com- mittee consisting of Messrs. J. E. Weage, J. Ellis, J. Cassally, A. Nade- baum, J. Klopper, T. Nadebaum, and the Rev. W. W. Gregson. There was a very large gathering, the people flock- ing in from far and.near. The State school Fife and Drum Band, under the head teacher (Mr. A. Nadebaum), led the procession to the football ground, playing lively airs all the way, while the rest of the children carried flags and coloured streamers'in honour of the occasion. Nearly everybody wore a red, blue, white and green rosette. When the ground was reached a minia turo cannon, manufactured by Mr. Bay- nam,. was discharged, after which the band played the "*National Anthem." Another salute was quickly followed by "For he's a jolly good fellow," sung in honour of Baden-Powell. Other airs were rendered, and vociferous cheers for the Queen, Lord `Roberts, and the soldiers in South Africa closed the first part of the day's rejoicing. After an excellent repast, an hour was devoted to football-by the local club, the teams being led by the captain and vice-cap tain respectively. The game was a fast one, and resulted in an easy victory for the captain's side. Other games were then indulged in, till the evening re past. A patriotic concert in the evening and a dance completed the day's rejoic ings. The following items were given at the concert : -Overture, Mr. Appleton: song, Mr. F. Nadebaum; instrumental selection, Mrs. J. Ellis (piano), Mr. A. Nadebaum (violin), and Rev. W. W. Gregson (cornet); song, "Whisper and I shall hear," Miss L. Nadebaum; song, Mr. Appleton (encored); actipn song. school children; song, "The Old Brigade," Mr. J. Wedge; hand selec tion, school children; song1 '"Mdship mite," Rev. W. W. Gregson; song, "'iome, Sweet Home," Miss Thompson; action song, school children; song, :'Soldiers of the Queen,;' Mr. F. Nade baum; recitation, Master E. Riley (en cored). The concert cbncluded with the "'ational Anthem." Mr. J. E. Wedge occupied the chair and Mrs. J. Ellis and Mr. Appleton played the accompani ments. Settlement.-The Minister of Lands has sent instructions to all Govern ment land agents in the colony to for ward to the head office of the Depart ment any suggestions that may occur to them which, if carried out, would tend to encourage settlement in their dis tricts. The agent at.York, Mr. C. A. Inkoen, in a report on the work of his office for the month of May, stated that applications had been received by him for 50 atres under section 55, and for 2,000 acres of grazing land. He added, '"there has been much inquiry regarding the blocks oven for for selection at Mount Hardey during the past week, and I am daily expecting anvlications for some of the few remaining blocks on that estate. The season has opened well, and a con siderable 'nantity of land is already under crop. 'Those who fallowed last year are busily ploughing and putting in thpelr ,rnns_ iP?.n showers have fallen and farmers are jubilant." Mr. Robson's Charges.-One of the charges cited by Mr. Robson, M.L.A., in support of his allegations against the Government was that the permanent head of the Education De partment, in a communication addressed on the 4th May last to the secretary to the District Board of -Education at Ge raldton, had asked for particulars con cerning a certain gentleman, and con cluded:--"At present I have nothing to show to the. Minister about either the political or religious colour of the new candidate or his daily occupation." This question was brought under the notice of the Premier by one of our reporters. Sir John Forrest. in reply, said that lhe had not heard of the matter prior to its being brought before the House by the member for Gerald ton. He had since had a conversation with Mr. Cyril Jackson, the Inspector General of Education, on the matter, and Mr. Jackson had assured him that he had had no intention of sending such a document out of the office. It had been prepared in the ofice of the depart ment, and signed by him (Mr. Jackson) without going through it carefully. It appears that it is the custom, when a vacancy between two elections tares place in a District Board of Education, a.gentleman or lady of the same rhliaouns creed as that to which the retirine mwm ber of the board belonged is selected. It was in iursuance of this custom that Mr. Jackson made the inquiries animad verted unon. The Inspector-General, however, is positive that no inquiry was intended to he made with revord to the nolitical opinion of the candidate and he cannot understand how that word slipped in. Mr. Jackson has also in formed the Premier that as soon as he became aware of the mistake in the letter he communicated with the secr, tary of the board to which it had been sent. withdrawing it. Tha Premier added to our representative that it was per fectly ridiculous to base a char-e of cor ruption on the letter. Fremantle Local Court.-Mr. Fair bairn gave judgment yesterday in the Fremantle Local Court in the case of Forsyth v. Barry for £20 13s. 8d., that sum being the amount paid into court. The Magistrate stated that he had no power to give an order for costs. as the case had been remitted from the Supreme Court. Swan River Mechanics' Institute. The report of the Swan River Mechanics' Institute for May is as follows:-Forty five.new members: number of visitors to the library. 2,891; and number of visitors to the reading-room (estimated), 6,000. Donations of books were received from Mr. E. B. Milward, Mr. Morley, and the Audit Ofice. idvices of the shipment of about 800 books are to hand, and the books themselves are expected in about three weeks' time. Fremantle Police Court.-At the Fre mantle Police Court yesterday Kitty Davis was fined £1, in default seven days' imnrisonment, for not giving her name to the police when requested so to do. Henry Wake had to pay 10s. and costs for trespassing on the Owen An chorrge railway line, while James and John Treweilan and Gus. Panst were fined H. each and costs for smoking in railway carriages which were not set apart for that purpcse, Detective In spector Campbell stating that these pro secutions had been brought principally as a warning to the public. Antonia Delemade!ena was proceeded against by Terosser Cechines for a week's wages in lieu of notice. The case was dismissed. The Excise Denartment of the Customs had laid informations against Mrs. A. E. Stephen (Gresham -lobtel). Mrs. B. Griffin (Hotel Australia). Messrs. T. O'Beirne (Club Hotel), W. Darbyshire (Esplanade Hotel). Mr. Burnside, who had been instructed to appear for the Crown, did not ap-car, and, after a wait of 20 minutes, the cases were adjourned for a week, costs of the day being al lowed against the Crown. St. George's Cathedral.-Special ser vices will be held to-morrow, being Whit Sunday, as set forth in another column. The preachers will be-At 11 r..m., the Bishop of the diocese;and at 3 and 7.30 p.m.. the Bishop of Tas mania, who will also lecture at 4.30 p.m. on "Mission Heroes." At 3 p.m. all the Sunday schools of the neighbourhood will attend. Commemoration Concert.-The pro gramme of Mr. Ernst Crome's com memoration concert appears in our ad vertising columns this mornin" and it will be seen that an attractive and popu lar entertainment has been provided. Mrs. Johnstone James will sing the operatic aria "Ernani Involami" and the old Scotch song "Robin Adair." Miss Saide Harris will be heard in two bal lads, "Doreen" and "Meet' Me." "My Sweetheart when a Boy" and "The Dear Little Shamrock" will be contributed by Mr. Polglhe, whilst such popular items as "Dear Heart" end "The Mighty Deep" -will be sure to command the attention and presence of lovers of ballad music. The orchestra, amonst other selections] will play "Poet and Peasant Overture,' a number from "The Geisha," and a grand march. "Victoria." A pianoforte solo, "Frmhlingslied" (A. Jaell), will be given b- Mr. Ernst Crome, and the double male quartette will sing several well-known and favourite part songs. In addition to these numbers duets will be contributed by the Misses Blanche and Flo. James. 'In anticipation "of a crowded house, owing to Monda- having been proclaimed a public holiday, it has been decided to open the doors of the hall to the public at 7.15 p.m. Bankruptcy.-The following were pa zetted this week :--First meeting add public examination: 11th inst., J. Doonan and Sons. drapers and store keepers, Fremantleo Notice of divi dend: 7th inst., E. Ingram, hotelkeeper, Perth, first and final, 2s. 3d. in the £: 7th inst.. C. B. Webb, miner. Kanowna, first and final, 20s. in the £. Order made on application for discharge: 2nd May. E.-R. Marsh (of the firm of Marsh and McKenzie), mail contractor. Leederville, late of Geraldton. unconditional and ab solute. Mail for South Africa.-A matl for Natal and Capetown is notified to close at the G.P.O. at 2 o'clock to-day for transmission, via Albany, by the steamer Warrigal. Intercolonial Mail.-A supplementary mail for the Enatern colonies closes at the G.P.O.-at 9 o'clock this morning for despatch, via Fremantle, by the Bumni yong. The usual weekly mail will close at 1.45 p.m. on Wednesday for trans mission by the R.TM.S. Peninsula. Money Order Remittances.-The ab stract of money order remittances by the West Australian Money Order De nartment to the Eastern colonies, Eng land, etc., during the past month shows that a sum of £31.175 9s. 2d. was remit ted, as against £31.032 us. lid. in Ma-. 1899, and £50,538 is. 2d. in May. 1898. The details for the past month are as follows :-London, £3,000; South Aus tralia, £4.000; Victoria, £15,000: New South Wales, £6,000; Queensland, £600: Tasmania. £500: New Zealand, £500; Madras, £1,575 9s. 2d. Government Labour Bureau.-The fol lowing is the report of the Superinten dent of the Government Labour Bureau (Mr. James Longmore) for the month of May last:--There were 246 names regis tered for employment. In addition to these, 57 men called who had previously registered their names. The total num ber of individual min who called at the offce in search of work'from January 1st to May 31st 1900 is 75S, as anainst 658 for the corresponding period oflast year. Employment was found during the month for 101, the classification being as follows:--Navvies, 52: labourers, 13: bushmen, 9; farm hands, 9; cooks, 5; haidy men, 4: handy boys, plas terers, and general servants, 2 each; carpenters, atters, ann grooms, I eaca. Emuloyment was found for 337 indi viduals from January 1st to May 31st, as aauinst 172 for the corresponding period of last year. There are two things specially noticeable in this month's re turn, namely-(1) more men have called in search of work than for any similar neriod since 1898; (2) more men have been found employment, the total (101) being the record for any month so far in the history of the bureau. Local Woods.-If there is anyone in the community who still doubts the suit abilit- of Western Australian woods for purposes of manufacture. a visit to the IMuseum of the Forestry Department. in Pier-street, ought to completelr- c?tin guish such lack of faith in an important product of the colony. Among the latest articles which have found a place in the mu?eum is an inlaid veneered octagonal table (Chinnendale design). or dered b- the department for show pur poses. The table is admirably manufao tured, and is made exclusively of Wes tern Australian woods, the objects of its manufacture being to show. first. that the locl timbers are suitable for veneer work, and, in the second p!ace, that the colours of the woods are suit able for a variety of designs. The various woods in the table may I be briefly mentioned. In the centre is a niece of York gum, with the figure of a swan foirmed out of native pear. Next come circles of sheoak, jarrah. and native pear respectively. and then the design of a Maltese cross in three dif ferent shades of jarrah. Between the cross are rays of sandalwood, karri. and jarrah, which complete an octagon. bar dcred rith bands of sheoak and banksia. Then ccmes an Egyptian border, with sandalwood hand. the whole being fur ther enclosed with a plain Greek key of pear and sheoak. Thie supports are of jarrah. The table is the work of Mir. W. HIowitt. Presentntion.-At J?ccby's Hotel. on Wedncsdaa night. a number of the friends of Mr. Sidney R. Hunt. who leaves for England to-day, took the op r,ortunitv of expressing towards him their good will an, w-il wishes. at the same time presentmng him with a hand some ngold watchi suitably inscribed. Mr. Runt ejoes home as buyer for Messrs. D. and W. 3Muray. LtAd. Ccneregational Church.-Divine ser vce will be co:,nected in Trinit- Church. St. Geor?e'- trre,-.% to-morrow. The Rer. W. T. Kench will "reach in the mornm?g on 'The River of God." At night a Thanssgviine Service will be held. when special music will be given by i the choir. and the pastor will take as hi subject. 'The War: Profit and Loss." Su'burban Heal.it Matters.-A meet ing of the rctepayers oi Peppermint Grore and lBl':land Hill will be held in the Cottcsloe Congregational Hall on Tuesday evening next to discuss the ad vlsableness of tloinng a board to ad minister matters of public health be tweeto the. Claremont and North Fre mantle boundaries. The present board at Cottesloe is said to be willing to join with the Peppermint Grove and Buck land districts to this end. Mr. Clayton T. Mason will occupy the chair. To- day's- Issue.-With to-day's issue is published a two-pago supplement. This contains, among other interesting matter, an illnustrated article by " Right Attack Y and two complete stories. Held Over.-Owing to pressure on outs ' columns we are compelled to hold over "Sigma's" account of the Perth Flying Squadron ball last night, a report of the political drawing-room meeting, hold under the auspices ot the W.C.T.U., and much other interesting matter. Leisure Hour. Club.-At the Leisure Hour Club to-niglit an attractive musi cal programme will be submitted by the members of the order of Sons and Daughters of Temperance. Short ad dresses will be given during the evening. No charge will be made for admission. Lecture on Separation.-The first of a series of lectures arranged by the com mittee of the Mechanics' Institute will be given on Moniday next in the hall of the institute. Dr. Thurstan is the lec turer, and his subject is "Seuaration from an Academical View." Admis sion is free. Sew Justices of the Peace.--The fol low ing gentlemen have been appointed justices of the peace:-Mr. P. Ryan. for the Gascoyne magisterial district; Mr. T.. W Hardwici.. for the Perth district : Mr. S. A. Enin- for the North-aast Coolgardie district: and' Mr. S. Solo mon, for the Northam district. The Pearling Industry.-The number of persons engaged in the pearling indus- try at Broome has recently been in- creased by the establishment of a new firm of pearlers at that port. For the carrying on of their operations the firm has placed an order for five pearling lug- gers with Messrs. W. and S. Lawrence, of Perth. The luggers are to be built upon the model of the Dollie, a lugger built by the Messrs. Lawrence for the firm of Streeter and Co., of Broome, last year. Presbyterian Church.-The Rev. John J. Gilmore. B.A.. who has been specially appointed by the Presbyterian Church in Ireland for work in this colony, ar rived in .Perth yesterday by the mail train from Albany Tne rev. gentle nian was met at the Central Station by some of the ministers and office-bearers of the church within the metropolitan area, from whom he received a cordial welcome. At present he is the guest of the Rev A. 'McCarlie at St. Columba's Manse, Cottesloe. He will to-morrow conduct the forenoon service at Cottes lee and the eveninr service at St. An drew's, Pier-street, Perth. Commercial Travellers' Association. At the recent conferenea of Railway Commissioners, held in Adelaide, the representations -of the Commercial.Tra vellers and Warehousemen's Association, that the charges to commercial travellers for sleeping- berth's in railway trains should be reduced, were agreed to. It was decided .that meibers of the asso ciation could take advantage of the con cession on any railway in Australia. As a consequence, the secretary of the West Australian Commercial Travellers and Warehousemen's Association (Mr. W. Schroeder, of Fremantle). is now in a position to issue to members sleeping berth tickets at the reduced rates, which menas, in this colony, 3s. per ticket in stead of 10s. Private Cnnsingham.-The Premier has received a telegram from Mr. McLean, Premier of Victoria, announcing that, un tortunately, it was too late to arrange for Private Cunningham to catch the es. ,*.oolgardie at Adelaide, so that his fellow sufferer, Corporal Collicott, will be, the only invalided Western Australian soldier to return by that boat. Major Campbell, the Chief Staff Officer, yesterday stated that 'rivate Cunningham would come over by the se.s. Kalgoortie. Arrangements bare been made for both men to receive every comfort on reaching Albany, where , Lieutenant Hurst, the officer in command there, will extend to them a welcome, and subsequently- inform Major Campbell -of their intentions whether to proceed to Perth by train, or continue the journey in the steamers. Send-off to Mr. Edward Pretty.-The approaching departure of Mr. E. Pretty, the manager of the New Zealand Insurance Company, of Perth, was the occasion for a number of gentleme,, meeting at the Palace _Hbtel ?.ist Wednesday to arrange "a send- off "to Mr. Pretty. The mercan tile and yachting sections of the com munity wore well repreerited. and it was decided to tinder 1Mr Pretty, a dinner and smoke concert at' the Palace Hotel on the evening of the 11th inst. Tickets may be obtained from Mr. W. G. Bradley (Eagle Chuuambers, Lty-street). Mr. A. listow (National Munual l:uildinge, St. George's Terrnae), Mr. Ichar&c; (Paltstino Insurance SComlpay, St. George's Terrace). Mr. G. fHoer (h~itional iiutual liildings, St. Georgo's 'Ierr-ze), and from the lihen. sec retary (M!r. H. (. Williams. Royal. Perth Yacht Club). Mr. Protty leaves for Eng land on thb 1h- inst. - Sudden Death at Subiaco.-Whila pro ceeding h:omeward on Thurday evening a man named John llawkiap, employed as a Yrench polisher at Bickford's furniture shp, lesiding at Subiaco, complained of pain in the region of the heart. On reach ing home he ate his evening meal and again coinplain~d cit eimilar pain. His wire, Itorerore, natmttiteried to l lit doses of carbonate of soda and mnagnsia, but asethey failed to give relief Dr. Shout was summoned. IHe ordered the application of mustard plasters, but this treatment proved iueficacions for at 2 n.m. yesterJay the mian died. The depnty-coroner (Mr. T. F Quinlan) heiao informedof the facts orJered that an inquest should bhe held. rhis wis initiated at 2 p.m., and ultimately tdjo~rned till 2 pum. on the 8th inst. it ts houghtt:hat de-nsaud diedfrom ptomaine poisonln, as a pol.?.aortena examination beld on the body faulel to. show evidence of organic disease. Central oard of Hoealth.--A special meeting of the Central Board of Health was held yesterday morning for the pur ose of'fulming renglations for the month. The May legulations were adopted with amendments. With one excention the amendments were merely vertial. The particular one was in regard to the much vexed question of the prohibition of the importation of binedust. It was decidel to exempt. from the restrictions bonedust of the hi* hest .quality which has been chemieally treated. Wcsley Church.--'lhe services at Wesley Church to-morrow will be conducted in the morning by the Rev. W. A. Hay, and in thle evening by the Rev. J. A. Jeffreys (superintendent of the circuit), who will take-as his subject "The Ministry of the Holy Ghost." The sacrament of the Lord's Supper will be administered at the close of the evening service. The anni versary services of the Charles-street Church will be celebrated to-morrow. The morning preacher will be the Rev. Thos. Bird (secretary of the conference.) A golden offerinr will be taken up. The afternoon cervico will be conducted by the Rev. C. A. Jenkins. At the evening ser vice the irev. G. f. Rowe (president of the conference) will preach, and special anthems will be rendered by the choir, the soloists being Mrs. Barker and Miss Otia way. At the Fremantle Wesley Church, the Rev. G. E. Wheatley will conduct two services on Sunday. The sacrament of the Lord's Supper will be administered after each service. In the evening special thanksgiving will be offered for the recent British victories. An address will he delivered on "One Missing." The choir will render Jackson's "Te Deum " and Gounod's " Send forth Thy light.." Savings Bank Iietrns.--The following are the Savings mank returns for the month ended 31st May:--New accounts opened, 1,269; accounts reopened, 301; total, 1,i30; accounts closed, 1,147; in crease tor month, 483. Number of de posits, 11,114; number of deposits for ApriL. 9,S22; increase for month, 1,322. Athount of deposits. £95,933 14s.; amount withdrawn; £73,520. 14s. 7d.; excess of credits, £22,412 109. ld. Balance to credit of depositors, £1,250,333 Os. 2d.; balance to credit of depositors for April, £1,227,920 Os. 9d.= increase for month, £22,412 19s. 5d. Perth Weather.-The following tem peratures in the shade were recorded at the Observatory yesterday: -Max, 65.9deg. ; min., 55.1deg. June Quarterly Licensing Court. Monday being a public holiday, the Quarterly Licensing Court for the licens ing district of Perth has been postponed until the fcllowing Monday, 11th inst., at 11 o'cloca. Theosophy.-The final discussion on the pamphlet, "A Rough Outline of Theosophy," by Mrs. Annie Besant, 'iPl take place on Sunday night at 8 o'clock, at Mr. W. Johnson's house, corner of Lord- street and Adelaide-terrace. The public are invited. Church of Christ.-At a meeting of the members of the Lake-street Church of Christ. held on Tuesday evening last, it wts decided by a unanimous vote that Mr. C. F. Hawkins should be invited to settle with the church as resident evan- gelist. Mr. Hawkins has, we under stand, decided to accept the invitation. On Sunday evening next the subject of Mr. Hawkins' address at Lake-street will be "God's Appointed Day." Mr. Henry Wright is announced to sing "If With All Your Hearts," from "Elijah," and at the conclusion of the address a baptismal service will be held. Valedictory.-The managers of the de partments in Messrs. Foy and Gibson's, and other friends, met at the Alhambra Cafe, to wish Mr. C. W. P. Amies, who is going for a holiday trip 1to the old country, "bon voyage." Mr. Rae occu pied the chair. Asologies were received from the general manager, two depart ment managers, and Cr. J. A. Thomson, who were unavoidably absent. The chairman proposed the toast of "The Queen," which was received with enthu siasm. *Our Guest", was submitted in eulogistic terms by Mr. Keen, and supported by Mr. Rae on behalf of the firm) and Mr. Walker for outside friends. Mr. Amies briefly and gracefully acknow ledged the tributes paid to him. Mr. Rae, in responding to the toast of "The Firm," mentioned some interesting facts with regard tr : rapid advance, especi ally in Western Australia, and paid a high tribute I' Messrs. Foy and Gibson for their libs:!I treatment of their em ployees, who, :iC stated, now numbered over 3.4W0. '..o other toasts honoured were "The Land We Live In," "Commer cial Interests," and "Other Interests." The proceedings were brightened by some gooe songs, and a very enjoyable evening was closed by singing of "Auld Lang Syne." Monday's Postal and Telegraphic Ar rangements.-On Monday, which is a public, holiday, the telegraph offices throughout the colony will be open be tween the hours of 8 to 9 a.m. and 6 to 7 .m. only. The telegraph offices of 'eith, i'remantle, Coolgardie, Kalgoor lie, Boulder, Eucla, and Broome will, however, remain oven until noon, and also from 6 to 7 o'clock in the evening. Mails will be despatched to Fremantle from .erth at 6.40 and 11.10 a.m., and, to Guildford, at 7 a.m. and 12.55 p.m. Deliveries by letter-carrier will be made in the city and suburbs at 8 a.m., and on arrival of the intercolonial mail. The Savings- Bank and the money order, par cels nost. and stamp issuers' offices will be, closed throughout the day. , The stamp counter will close at 1 o'clock, and the poste restante for the delivery of letters will remain open till 3 o'clock; Ball at Guildford.-The annual plain and fancy.dress ball in connection with the Swan Bowling and Tennis Club will take place in the Vaudeville Theatre, Guildford, on Friday evening, the 8th inst. For the convenience of visitors from Perth and Fremantle, a special train will leave Guildford at 1.37 the following morning. Appli ations are invited for the positions of medica officer alcd dispenser to the United Friendly ?ocieties' 3Mrdcal Institute and Dis. pensary of Bloulder City. For the former po sition £600 per annum is offered, while d250 is the sum fixed for the latteroffice. Applications close or June 7 and 20 respestively, as notified in another colnan. Mr. A. A. Abbott desires to call attention to a sale of furniture, fowls, eta., in Balwer street, at 2.30 p.m. to-day. lessrl . 11.0. Wood and Co. direct attention to the continuation of their anction at Car gjcg's Mart, Hfay-street, this morning at 11 o'dock. . . - 