WHAT THE MANDARIN KNEW. I- ----- .'.Deav r Sue," the letter ran, "you must gave' guessed, long ago what It is that.I :r? going to ask you: Our friendship' is one of many years' standing, and ever "'since I came back from 'collegelast sum Siner that friendship has come to mean something more. Sometimes I have felt 'sure that you guessed my secret, but I have .hesitated to tell you, for I am so runworthy of you and have had so'little .to offer in return for the gireat thing I ask for. 'I cannot wait any longer. I must know where I stand. Can you love me, Sue? Can you consent to be my wife? I Slove you so dearly, and if I get the ap 'gointment I spoke of.to you yesterday ,ywe would have enough to start on at Qeast. Your father says he is willing if you are. I can't ask poetically, as some fellows might, but my lbve is sincere and true, and if you can bring yourself, to say yes you will make me very, very happy. I shall wait impatiently for an ancswer." The letter was signed, "Devotedly *our., Tom." She was sitting in the sunny bay window of her bedroom as she readI it, and amiles and tears struggled for supremacy on her sweet face. She ;was a motherless girl, the only child of a. de'cted father, and she loved this Tomrn very dearly. Indeed, she could scarcelyi remember when she had not loved him, and now at last what she had 'secretly' tonged for in her dear little maidenly heart hac come to pass. Tom wanted her S-As she sat-down to' write her answver: Sher heart sang, but her pen could not be. persuaded to put in glariing black and white the loving thoughts of the writer, and after several unsuccessful begin nings which were promptly consigned to the fire, she wrote: "Dear Tom : Come and have a cup of tea . with me to-morrow at 4 o'clock. .Tors. - SUE." She sent this off. feeling quite sure that Tom wouid understand that this meant The next day she, was busy all the m?frn!ng with some charity work in which she was deeply interested, but when 4 o'clock came she was at ho;.e klaintily gowned, trying to look the' calm ness wh'ch she did not feel as she waited tor her lover. Every sound on the street drew her to the window - she peeped out between the curtains at least a dozen times-but it was a false alarm each' time. Half an hour passed-three-quar hterss-still no Tom. Her heart sank like Sead. Perhaps something had happened ito him: some accident. Perhap--and mow the blushes covered her cheeks-per 3hap, it had all been some joke and he 'didn't really love her. Well, thank good ness, she hadn't said much to incriminate herself in that letter, But, oh, how was she ever going to stand it? And here the pretty face took refuge in her pocket handkerchief, there to remain until ,the announcement of dinner forced her-to much rubbing with cold water and eau de cologne in order to get her swollen lids Into anything like their normal condition. Her father noticed that something was ami=s and blundered into it by saying : S"'What took Tom off in such . hurry? He took the afternoon.train to Boston. Must have been something out of the ordinary." She managed to murmur something al rnast indistinguishable about "guessing it was some business matter" and the moment dessert was over ran to her room to argue with her own fears. "Of course, he was called away suddenly tha: was it. I sh:.ll hear from him to snorrow, explainrr.g all about it," and she ;went to sleep that night irmuch comforted. Nevertheless, five days elapsed and no :word came from the delinquent lover. , . Finally poor little Sue made up her mind thatl he had seen her affection for 1him and had been simply trifling with _her, so she made a.mighty effort to put trim out of her mina entirely. She tried to go about her usual duties as bravely and cheerfully as heretofore, 'and a few days after this found her one afternoon the centre of a merry little group of.girl friends, sitting around the apleasant fire chatting cosily. One or two of them had tried putting some leading questions to her about Tom Fielding, but she answered them with so fine an as sumption of unconcern that they decided ,that "there was nothing in' that affair after all." Finally when they had con fided to each other all the secrets they iknew and gossip began to languish, Sue suggested to Marjorie Flanders that'she start the kettlegoing, so that they might trave a cup of tea. One of the other girls started to expedite operations by putting the tea in the teapot, but when she open ed the tea caddy-a grinning little man 'iarin whose head served as the lid to the tea caddy, she discovered a little folded wisp of paper inside the quaint little Ifgure. She pulled it out and, without t~hinking, began to unfold it, when sud 'denly a line of writing in pencil caught iher eye. "My own dear Sue," that was all she saw. "Oh, girls-see here- see here-a love letter of Sue's in the ten caddy. I though she had a secret." "What do you mean?" said Sue, jump Sng up, pale as a ghost. "Now don't you wish you knew?" be gan her friend, but when she looked at Sue's white imploring face she realised that this was no time for teasing and handed her the letter without further parley. Sue ran to the wind6w and by the fad fng light she saw a rough page from: a xnote book on which was scrawled in pencil thie following words: "My.Own Dear Sue: Your little note kas filled me with such a sweet hope that I'm filled with disappointment at not imding you in, but I got a telegram tell Brg me to come to Boston this afternoon. t'hat means the appointment and that in -its turn means you, and one cozy little home if your note meant what I hope it Idid. I hoped to tfind you at home this *moming. but your stupid housemaid 'doesn't know where you are. To make sure that you get this I'm going to con fde it to the safe-keeping of the man darin, for I know you will open him to iget your . tea. Write to me at once, 'arling., care Blank & Co, Boston, and itell me in plain English what my answer * s. It may be two weeks before I could bear it from your lips.-Yours ever, "TOM.". :"Oh, you wretched little mandarin," . cried Sue. "to think that you had known about this all these days and nIever so much as winked!" and then. of course, the girls lhad to be told all about it, and ,this Sue did, with many blushes. Then they all insisted that she sit right down and write her answer to the letter that \- :very minute. In the meantime there was an anxious and unhappy young.man in Boston. He watched the malls and'pestered-the post mran till that worthy, crossed the street ;whenever he saw Tom's form approach ing. " At lid~st his anxiety reaclhPd such a point that the very mioment that Sue was Writing her answer a telegram was brought in saying: "Have you opened the mandarin lately? Please answer. "TO,." How the girls all laughed! The tele gram which answered Tom's anxious query has never been made known to the public, but its general tenor may be gua?sed. by the fact that it was ac cofipanied by five other telegrams of ,congratulation, each a perfect master piece of veiled allusion. Mr and Mrs Tom Fielding have been living for some months in a pretty little apartment in the Back Bay region in Boston-and if you look in a little cabi met in which they keep their dearest S-treasures you wil see, standing proudly on-a carved teakwood stand, with a *n?-ost inscrutable smile on his face, their hiousehold fetish, the mandarin. 'Anotler Kind of Picking. - Chleerful SCharlie : Wotto, .Mike! 'ave you been * away 'op-picking? Miserable Mike : No, I ain't; I've been away hoakumr pickln'.-"Chips.'" 