Horoscope for 1900. POSSIBILITIES OF FRESH WARS. Sir Charles Dilke hat, at the request of the New York World, given bis view of the international outlook for Europe and America for the year 1900\. Here it is:— The United States will not, I think, be interfered with in its Philippine war, nor we in our South African war, and 1 remain optimist for the moment with regard to the avoidance of a general or European conflict, although I am a pessimist as to the prospect for a more distant period. The points where danger may be perceived for 1900 are, especially, Newfound land and Japan. There ii every reason to think that tho life of the Emperor of Austria, may be prolonged at all events beyoud the year, and it i* at least conceivable that the desite of the Magyars in Hungary and of the Germans in Austria, as well as of the Austro Hungarian array, to preserve the fabric of the Empire may keep things together even after the wise councils of the present Emperor are lost. If these great interests hold together, the Czechs of Bohemia and other dis sentients will have but little cbance in a civil war. In Newfoundland legislation which gives special powers to British naval officers on the treaty shore to enforce our treaty obligations towards France, even by artillery and <he removal of any British subject from the whole length of ihe shore, has been allowed to expire. Colonial legislation, which lasted many years, and which was renewed under pressure for sereral yenrs in succession, was not pressed for last autumn. But the very seriousness of the outlook in South Africa c institutes a reason why every effort will probably be made to pre vent any collision between British lottlen and Fropch fishermen, even should wo reach the falling season in May without the enactment of the usual law. Customary orders from the Admiralty to our naval officers may, for example, be issued, and if successful actions against naval officers are maintained, the damages may be paid by tho Imperial Parlia ment. It is known that Japan was lately tempted to attack Russia. The Japanese are well over 40,000,000 of people, cooped up ifi their little islands, with but small possibilities of development unless they should obtain Manchuria. They are armed I a the teeth. Their fleets and armies are excellent. They are under the firm impression that an invasion of Man churia would be successful, that they would be able to establish themselves in that fertile territory and there develop with extraordinary agility, and with the prospect that to them might fall the government of the people of northern China. Thus, at a step, they would become one of the greatest Powers o( the world. On the oiher hand, if they wait they know the Russian position in Manchuria will become consolidated, and that their loss of Corea will then only be a question of time, and that later again they will have to engage in a losing struggle with Russia for their independence. If the Japanese believed that Russia alone would be before them they would attack. But while a hint from Germany that she would balance France would set them in motion, no such hint has been received. On the contrary, the Japanese believe that the German Emperor would create once more that triple alliance of Russia, France, and Germany against them which checked them in their victorious career at the end of their war with China. I am, therefore, persuaded that Japan will not move, and (hat, as in Newfoundland, so upon the other side of the northern hemisphere, danger will be escaped during the new year. The organ-grinder's vocation ap pears never to be played out. When people take their own time they generally take other people's time too. Some people spend enough time grieving over Bpilt milk to buy another cow. You never find a roati who owns a diamond scarfpio wearing a long bea-J. If a man licks the hand that smote him it's because he can't smite the band that licked him. A health journal says you ought to take three quarters of an hour for dinner. It is well also, perhaps, to add a few vegetables and a piece of meat. The hatter and shoemaker go to extremes in their business. There are many men who are afraid or ghosts and are not afraid of spirits. If ignorance is bliss, the wonder is why so many people complain of being miserable. 