Presbyterian Chdfch Centenary During the last' week, the 'Rev. John Walker of Woollahra, Oomraiasioner from the Genera) Assembly of the~ Preftyterifin Church of New South . Wales, liaB t- on visiting the various Presbyterian congre gations in this district, on behalf of the Centenary Fund, which has for its object the raising of 100,000 Guineas to clear off debts on tho various funds of the church, and aleo to open op new charges, throughout the colony, ' On Friday, nrght last, the Commissioner held a very successful meeting at Laurieton, when nearly £80 was promised to the Fuud. On Sunday lib preaohed at Huntingdon, Wauohopp ar-d Port Macqu'aric to large oon qregotionB. The subject of his sermon on Sunday night at Port Macquarie was ' Tbe rich young man,' from Matthew 17., 16 to 23 v., the discourse, whicb was a very fine one, being listened to nitu intense interest by the congregation. On Monday night, Mr. Walker addressed a meeting in St. Andrew's Ohurcb, Port Mflcquarie with reference to bis mission. Tbe meeting was opened with praise and prayer, tbe Rev. H. 8. Buntiue presiding. The Chairman, in his introductory re marks, referred to the great need of money for extending tho church iu places where as yfit no Presbyterian minister was Bett'ed, and to the great success which the Rev. John Walker as Commissioner had already at tained,' over £25,000 having already been promised. The effort was a gigantic one, and only a man like Mr. Walker, who wus full of hope, wds likely to succeed. Tbe Rev. John Walker said he had many Things to say but the wain difficulty ? was to get th' people wakened up to realize- that something . great was going on. It was difficult to .get their people out of;tbe rnt, of thinking that they were doing aa' a church well enough; But a vast aniounV of/ work hud still to be done wln^had rtot 'yet^ bRan touched. The Presbytpfiian cfcurch Was a large one, and could not be called a dissent ing church, ob it. was established-' in Scot land, hb the EpiBcnpnl church was eBtaWisfa ed in England. They did not -need to' be ashamed of their Presoyterianism, nor could they be too proud of it tbat^ieT b'eloh^xd to a great historic church. : Briefly it was the church of tK§ . New Testament, though they had never said that they -were right «nd that all tbe Test were wrong. All tbat -they said wns that their church was based on the teaching of Christ and His Apostles. ' It was the church of tbe Reformation, and they could Gay this without being accused of narrowness. When the great wave of- the Reformation swept over Europe;' every national church in Europe' adopted the Presbyterian form of government except otif, that of the Church of ? England. The Uerman.Churcli, tbe. Lutheran chnrches of Norway, Sweden, and Denmark; were all Presbyterian' in government, though differing to some extent in doctrine. . ? The Reformed Church of Germany was Presbyterian in doc triue and government, and the Swiss Chnrch, the Dutch Church, tbe Huguenots of France, the Ohurcb ot Hungary, aud ths Waldensian Church of Italy, wliich in all probability dates back to the 3rd century, and was as old as the Papacy, were Presbyterian. Thwre was a time also when tbe Church of England vas Presbyterian, but the Act of Uniformity in thn reign of Charles II,' deprived 2000 clergy of their benefices. Over in America, which has been called the land 'of 'frcedbni, they copied their form of gorernm--ht from the Presbyterian church, and now there, are no Ipss than 11,000 Presbyterian ministers in theUuited States, while there are bbt 170 here iu New (South Wales. Their rights and lilurties which they, .now enjoyed heft been puichased by the bloi-d of their forefntbers, arid Presbyterians should never forgrt' these thing?, though ihey should neve^ie ai6ooufK teoua to other OhHutian denominations; while loyal to their own church, they should reB pect and honor all who sought the advance tnent of Cb list's kingdom. Tuey: were ap proauhing an iuiportant epoch' in, .their his tory, .ns tbe end of a century was-nbur, wblcb 1) ad been » wonderful century of;; Chrifltiftr. progress, but tho new century was likely to he a Etiil more wonderful one. , .They were hastnning to a time when the forces of good aud evil would come into collision for sup remacy. Their people camo of a stock that did not like to be beaten, and be; believed thnt th« tendency bad been plRced in them by the Most High, so that tbe Christian church should not. bu beaten iu its conflict with evil, but thht tbe forces of evil should be beaten back. 'They appealed to the church not merely for. money, but FOU^lit for a bai'tiuni of (he Holy Ghost, n tli-t there might hi-. a qiiiclteniiiK -i the spiritual \i(f. They w«iit rd all to ft-el that Christ had cniniiiiUm] his affsirs into iiihi'm !-»., is. T:iey eujlei) upon thi-'ii t» be more in j-'nypr n- d more persou-_ ally itevcb -1 and be ileclin fl Id Iwliuve (hat' (heir Presbyterian |ii-ople w.iiiM »ive them s Ives to prayer wi'houi g %-inwr o'1'1 ?''? uiouey to entry on Clirisl's work. 100,000 guineas wns thought * great deal of motif-y 1 by tome puople, but even if (hat sum were j doub-nd, it would not enrich the chprrh, l-nt j ouly pluce it in n poeitio'i to « apply Us wants and its tuaehine.ry, and it could not be sup- 1 plied bul by a united effort. The speaker I th«n referred to tbe various objects, for which the fund would lie utilised, viz., clear ing oB the debts on the Assembly Funds, en dowing aDotbe.r piofiSfior.al chair in the Presbyterian College, a capital fund, to meet the. working expenses (A tbe church offices in Sydney. Part of the contribu'ions could also be applied to local objects, snoh'as church aud remise buildings and repairs, , He ap -pealed to all to tHk« part in eijc'h % notte en deavonr'onhchalf of their chnrfch. At tbe conclusion of thn address, ibe Rev* Conunissioner met with a fair response to bis ? : __l ippuai. Oil Tuesday a pie-nio and social was held at Huntingdon, when tbe Rev. J. Walker also spoke, and received * splendid response to his appeal on behalf of the Fund, about £150 baiug promise'i from this ceutre alone. '. Ou Wednesday, Mr. Walker was enter tained at a 'social at Waucbope, wbich is dealt ^itb bya'-oorrtispoadent.'. : '? ' The Commissioner completed his visitation of this district by & trip to Hollands Plains on Thdrsdav where he addressed a large meet ing, and ^iiet with a good inception. . !.. Mr.- Walker left ior Kempsey on Frid»y: morning. ? _.- - ?.??'? At all his meetings, Mr. Walker pas ao compunied and introduced by tbe lie*. H S. Buutitie.' ;. .' f The amouut prnmised so far in this Charge is £418 