Xing and His Court. SBHSIOK BY BEV. C. H. SPURGEON. , .. '.'Mine eyes shall he upontlie faithful of .the land, ; that they may . dwell ; with jne ;' he that walketh in a perfect way, he shall .serve me." — Psalm ci. 6. -rr>. AVID is going to be g g king, and these are H B the resolutions' that j,e makes before he ascends the . throne.: He meant that he would look out the best men in the nation, and that he would take care, of them, and give them'ofiices about liis court, so that he might have his work, well (lone, that his people might do jiitlged by wise and right eous men, and all the af fairs of -. State, should- be i managed by those who were faithful to God. . This was a. very proper thing for him to do.. .And there is no doubt .that, in the kingdom of the Son of David, "great David's neater.. Son," . the .King of kings and, Lord of lords, His eyes are upon the faithful. - He looks, upon the faithful among His people, He takes them into communion with Himself; and He uses them as His servants in conspicuous and remarkable ways. : , . 1\. First, let us ask, Who are theso faith ful' men to wliom Jesus; our King, will ' have respect . ut all times? I answer, they may' be Known in part by this mark, 'they are true in their dealings with God. Now; dear friends, such people .will, in the neat . place, always be true in their dealings .with men on God.'s behalf. I think this passage bears, very pertinently upon' the minister; and upon tne Sunday- school teacher, and upon 'the Christian worker. The eyes of Chirst are upon the fatiliful of . the land. If.'Icome here and teach' you what I do iiot "believe, ' or if I conceal what I do be: lieve, or if I tell you something which has in it a suppression of the truth, or :if I preach to you orthodox doctrine, while in my own heart ! believe something different; I' cannot be said to be ono of the faithful of the land. -' It is a very hard thing always to be faithful with men on God's behalf; I. know that it is so even in visiting the eick ; one .is tempted to begin to comfort some of them when they ought not- to be comforted — to say very soft and gentle words to them because they , are ill, when; perhaps," they have never felt- their need of a Saviour, and never been awakened to any sense, of spiritual need. : I remember one- who was. condemned for the action that he thought it-right to .take. , Two or three of. us had been to see a sick and dying man, and he always welcomed the visitors, \ and we prayed with him, and told him the Gospel, but. we ./ were, all under the impres sion that we had produced no effect what- ever upon his mind, and that he was pass- ,ing, into another world:. Without any know- < " 'ledge "of his lost estate; arid without , any ;/ repentance or faith in.. Christ. The good . man to whom ,1 refer — he is now in heaven, V . , but. I. well remember the reproach, that he .suffered for 'what he did — he stood at the ; ' "foot of t)ie bed, and he said, "Friend, you . - are n deceived' man you aro dying, and you have uo well-grounded hope. You al ways, say, 'Yob,' yes, yes;' to ail we say; .but my inmost thought of you. is that you aro without God, and without hope, and . if .you. die as you are; you will be lost for iyor.": The man's.wife wos tliunders truck ; -so '.was he; but when wo went to visit him ' ; , the next- .day, '. you . should have seen, the . -change that God- bad wrought in himl ' - There was -a broken-hearted. man crying for ,sriercy;'a man- in -sore trouble and distress :» V.bf -'-souli' i The' faithful messongcr . of God bV;'.; - bad told -him the naked1 truth; it pained '/. :v; bim! toi'do it, 'but ho had been more- faith- . - fulfto'-the. slok'man than others who 'had -' Bpokeri'j very kindly- to him. '"Oh; I believe 'C if we' .are faithful, so that we are- clear of thri.. U of all men, - faithful to tlie', truth, !' faithful- to iour own consciences; faithful- to ' 'the leoriselenees of those with whom we have . - tb' deal;: then: wo are among those of whom ' . ; . " '. ihri text: Bays ' " Mine eyes shall ho upon ' the-lfaithful '-of thb -land; that -they may dwell with me." Now, I earnestly- pray « ; . " : cveryu-Christian person -.-here j. especially in -V'-vs'1- Jife,: to>look;.wellitoithis t ;; .i: ; jnatter;- for the .joy .of your, life; the ipeace ' V 'i 1 '- "«f.-yHr Wei inward rest of your life; ' 'V '' willtiriuch.t depend;, under. -God'i, upon . your 'c , : v' being faithful to your cpnvictions in every S bint is God- shall help you. - . The great ling Himself . seems to. say. to-night, "Mine j ' : : byesishull be upon the faithful -of the land; 'y. bo shall serve Mo. He is the man whom ; jj:,'piok;out'for- My servant.-- 'Lwill'vput /-/ : J / ,'i;hi (bere, or I will place him there, where V Ii.am unable to,, station some .others-, be- c'au'se' they are not clear and straight in S ' 'their Conduct, and. because tliey are not to .;'Vxs'.' : bo depended upon tfor loyal obedience to fheir Lord, and Master." ; p| V- y/ ...yy. : 2. Brit: now I' -want'to answer -this ques- i 'v; "'..Hon, What will the.King do with them? ' - David says, "Mine eyes shall be upon the Tfiithful'Of: thO. land," .and .David's ijon,' the '- ' c .'Lbrd ; Jesus .Christ, ..says .the same. , .What \- ' . '/-'"v . "'.-dots He'mtriu? Well, first, His searching \- . 'ycye.aalL'eHtdhwnthttt.i-'.That dear.brother . l-njho is faufhful to God is only a young ap- prentice ; , but- ho ; lias been 'faitliful in not breaking .the Sabbath. Nobody-knows about him, dear young. man, but the eyes of- the Lord are upon him. .There is. a working man who, the other day, in tho midst - of a . swearing company, . rebuked -the blas phemer, and spoke up for Christ; That noble action . is not recorded iu the news- paper, and never will be ; : but God's eye is upon the faithful of the: land.: -There is a .poor-woman who, the other day, lost- a good deal by being straight, and honesl. No ono will report.it; nobody will put her down in the legion of honour. Ay; but .God's eyes, are upon the faithful of the laiid ! And when you, through tlie. grace of God,- are led to follow Christ faithfully, not wishing to be seen, doing in secret what only -God knows, it is reward -enough that tho Lord Jesus Christ -sees what-you do, and Ho Himself- will one day reward you openly. But then the text, after saying, "Mine eyes -shall be' upon the faithful of the laud,,'.' adds, " that they may dwell with me." ' The faithful shall .dwell with God. Oh, this is a choice privilege! I, think I see. David carrying out this ..resolution. There is a poor but honest man away down there in Bethlehem.;, and David, hears of his strict integrity, and sends him a letter; " Come to Jerusalem," says the king, I will make a courtier of you; I. will make a friend of you. You are the sort of man I want; come and dwell . with me." .He hears., of another ' poor . man, over yondci;, who has been ridiculed because he stood up for. Jehovah, -the God ofIsrael,. when others were inclined to worship some false god. " Come up to, Jerusalem," says he; "come to live with me. . You are my. sort.of com pany, for you uro one of 4he faithful ones." Now,, that is -what .the Lord Jesus. Christ- says to us. He calls .us. as sinners, but He communes with us. as . saints... Jffe washes us-- when- -wo ure -guilty.; but after. We are washed,, and -He has.' made us upright-.in His sight, then He takes us to dwell with Him, He .delights in opening. His heart ,to us, and in permitting us to open, our heart to Him. Now, if you aro . not faithful to Christ, you will not be -able to commune with Him. If you have done a wrong thing sometimes in your, business, or if, you have held your tongue, and not been faith ful in 'testifying, for Christ, -when you go ou your knees at night you will not be able to find- yourself so led out in prayer ns you were before, when you were true, to Him And when you turn to -the Scriptures, in stead of finding them speaking to you, they will seem ns if they were dumb; no voice of comfort will come . from them. . But if you have been- faithful and true; and out and out for Christ, then you shall dwell witlr Him, you shall abide, in Himi and His word shall abide in you. ' Then -it is added : "He-shall serve inc." .The faithful shall be Christ's servants. . I do not know which is: the greater privilege, " He shall dwell with Me," -or "He shall serve Me." Per haps tlie second is the higher. : Have you ever thought, beloved friend, what an "ho nour it is to be permitted to do anything for God? For God - to bless us is great condescension on His part;, but for Him to permit us to be .of any use to Him, this is a wonderful honour. I believe that there is more honour in being allowed, lor the glory of - God,:. to teach a little- Sunday, - school child the way of salvatiou; than there - would be . in ruling, a. whole Empire if it were done for .the glorification of selt The honour docs not lie : in the act so much is in the motive; .and if. the motive he, ,"I did it unto the Lord," then I. stand in the samo , rank . .with; angels — ay, , in a .line with those, wonderful living creatures that John saw in the. Revelation,, , who. reveal the glory of God and continually do Him ser- vico. 3\. I ain going to close ;liy trying .to answer one more question, How may we get ..among theso faithful ones? .Well, I should say, first, so. .far as you - ivu>y - be, and so far as your , light goes, be faithful to-night.. Be honest in cqnfes'sing sin. Be fore you sleep, put yourself before God- just' as- you are!' Have you hitherto neglected religion? Confess it. Gr, ' have ; vou ">ver tended to possess religiop when, there was no' truth in your profession Confess i. What has been your sin? Confess lit; Kneel by your bedside; -yond :there, God alone seeing you, unveil your heart before Him. You say that; He knows all about you ; that is true, and that is a reason why you should be .the more explicit in your confession i tp;, Him. j Speak freely to God, and make Him, as you ought to make Him; your only " Father Confessor." Tell Him that you are lost, i , tell iHim-, that yon ; are hard-licarted,. tell Hirii that you' are urifeol- ing, ! teU Him-that you desire to be con verted; but that it is only a faint desirs us yet, tell Him all about yourself j " in a word; begin to. deal,: with _,Gqd orr- the straightt If .you have riot done so already, I pray God, that you may do so tp-nigbt; ,and I Beseech .you to go. as far j. as j you, can in this matter. : Reveal your,, poverty, your fil- thiuess,.ynur sin; your nakedness, your de sert , of . hell ; only .do oil honestly,, as ift,thri sight of. God.. -What -a. tyonderful thing : it is. that. men, do, not like- to, aoti thus; -yet, when the , grace, of ,,God.-. eriables , them: .Jto do at, they are already; on tho'road-.to,salr vation. When ,tlie man. pomes .beforj God with a rope round his -neck, confessing tJiat he deserves to, die, '.then there ib this rilc«sed text to,, ooirifort. him, -."If - we. confess t our sinB, lie is faithful aiid;just .to, forgive .its our, sins, rind- to cleanse- us' from: all imn- righteousness.",-, Well, /then,,-, dearnfriend; next,' be, .anxious i to> have, a. new heart and a right spirit. May, -God, make, your, .thvs anxious to-night ! Remember that there is evil in us by nature. All,; hive sinned) and :come short. of the , glory of God..''V'i'he heart is deceitful above all. things, and des; peratoly -wieked" ; : andr befoto.- we can hp faithful, we- must be -born., again.- No : man will over bo true 'until the God of irmly has truly reninyed him, Our tendency !s to leanieitlier this way or. that; to stand up. right lis.a, gift of 'Divine grace, and, none but tho Holy Spirit can. bestow it upon, us. Oh; that we.might-have< a dcepianxiety ,to Undergo that wondrous change, -that radical, and total change :,-of'i,heart which tho- Bavioui; dcscrihed whcn He,: said to Nicodeinus, ".Ye -must be born again" ( Qa to tips Lord with David's prater). . y s "ivst.- — I Create jri_ me a. clcan heart, O God; and renew..a right.. spirit within/ me.,",. Plead that 'Old Testiiirient promise;.-" A new, .heart also will, J, give you, . arid .a rierir, spirit; .will' I-.put within you ; ,agd I wili tuke away thi) atqny, heart out; of. youmJesh, iuid.l ,will givo you. an heart , of. flesh.", .Then;, sup posing. -. that , you haye come., .thus . far, , I earnestly,, entreat you,., if :you..''Would be found .among the faithful of .the land, be sincere , in -nil your , dealings, with the, living God. ',.- If. -you me'an, ;to pray, , do ,pray ..if you Jjelifsp dn .Jesus; ..do. not, simply, ssay that you believe, but believe;, if you repent, do mot merely, .talk. of. repentance, ...but re pent. -...Let cverythipg .. thorough and downright-. May the.Spirit of Gad save you fronii . gettinh. the, jiriitation:.pf spirituahty; which .vvili diimn, you,' land miiy,:He,give you the reality of spivitoril.life, which will eifec- tuaily saye you. '.:J bclieye niariy are yery much, Urijuredhy -,,, being led .;-to.;..-pror fess ,. religion, when-they do.fnotpossess SB, I charge you before God, . who shaU..judgo the quick and . the dead in the .day of- His appearing, never, .cheat yourself .in this matter, fop you, are the -only person 'that you can really cheat for long.. God Himself you never scan, deceive. ! Make clear, clean, sharp, ; distinct, decided work of-.this mat ter; or rather, -may God- the Holy- Ghost ' work .' this- miracle; of mercy in you) for Christ's name's sake ! . 