SHOOTING AT MONTE ' CARLO. The Grand Prix du Casino Divided by Mr. Donald Mac kintosh and Count O'Brien, W lien me Hoekbank Fportsman left thc-«-e shor? on oiat December la-t for tuvjlhcr fojourn oi? the eominent 1. common v.ith the greater number of hi-, admirers, did not anticipate hi< cr.rlv success in any event of importance. a:vl 1 was ttuly astounded when a table juy— sage last week announced that Le 3;a-.i divided tbe greatest pigeon shooting event uf the world nt Monte Curio. This, the Grand l'ris du Casino, is Ail even distance evc-m. twelve pigeons being allowed, three from 26 metres (about 2-S yards) and nine from 27 metres (about 29 J jirds). The winner of last year's prize is j penalised two metres. The shooting took j place on 2'.fih. iiOtli aud ijlst January, aud j the Victorian divided the great pri7e Iv.i'it a Spanish nobleman, bearing tbe very LliUiniasi tiile of Count O'jJnon — ( sitades of Sfici ill in ! They would divide ; over 24. ''0d francs between thorn, hut juiiiit hi!- become of tiie attached objet ! d art ? Tbe cable is .-dent on this point, 1 hut a toil? u-. ibc.t on the third day the iiini.io u.i-i or.'y agrt-e-d upon as the hour was late and the light fading. What a lu::m v mu-t 2 stud 2') yards have been to our roprc-i-eiitiiiive after operating from b2 nnd 86 in thi colony, (.-.nsiucrtd m the light of his most i event porfor ,Luan---i - in this colony. Mr. Macknuo-.h s \iciory tsraiberinexphcable. He io-i f jVim a lew luouth? after hi- re turn to Melbourne in November, 197, from hi- In.M trip, and though a constant competitor, he failed to do atn thing' sensational. Defeated by two birds b\ 1 Mr. A. L. Fmith for the title of cham pion v.'iUg :hot cf Australasia, lie was n':\er able to revenue that reverse. Jn fa.-:. Mr. Smith, frequently in club events, siood him up a yard and then beat hint. Thu rc-.'ogni-eti champion of Austra lia a few vcoits a,;o. lie made two t-.-ays rolar.i t iac big prize he has now bun 6ucces?.ul in. and failed, and here, a lieu we thuik he hasn't got the ghost oi n i ivancc. be defeat.-, bur one, the crime >ie l.i cri-me of the shooting world. Asked to c-xplair. the wide discrepancy, I \ future t'n-j opirdun ;h birds ut mliuc Carlo— where l' e boundary is a sn:all on", onlv mcn-'.iing 17 metres ubou: 21 yard-i — temg the sm&U; blue recK, whirh escape with i-iu i-pe<.d of the -wallow imiuc-'itamly on being liberated, suit the aim ol an excep- ti-jUftily h'Sb n "d iua;k.-man idee agr.inst tiie indifferent class of bird, which cau never be depended on for speed. II :w often have we seen a slow bird iim mediately following a verv fast one defeat £ 1 jo best man in a handicap ? Mr. Mackintosh's name is ihe first of any Australian born tnarksman to figure on the list of winners of the Grand Pril du Casino. He is a native of Roekbank, rat the Bailarat line, where lib parents, both still liaic- and beartv. reside. We are highly gratified at your success. Mr. Donald Mackintosh, and wish vou luck — we can I Co more ; your aim is ap parently good oi'.uagh— in future events. MR. MACKINTOSH, 