Elderslie of Old The sandy common over the bridge, known as Elderslie, has hitherto, escaped notice by the press, but as it has a little history of its own, I will give my recollec- tions of it. It now figures as a decent sub- urb of Camden but in its earlier days it was distinguished for its vice and debauchery. The whole estate of that name was a grant of over 300 acres to Lieutenant Oxley, R.N., Surveyor General and Explorer, who also owned the Kirkbank Estate. In course of time it passed into the hands of Mr. Chas. Campbell, a barrister, one of the '"Merchant Campbell" family, of Sydney, who had the whole surveyed into village and farm lots. The village fronts the Cowpasture road be- tween Carpenter's and the German's roads, and at the back, is separated by a street from Bruckhauser's, Kowald's and Hilder's farms. Mr. Thompson, Clerk, of Petty Sessions of Camden, had the agency of sale from 1847 to I852, and a good deal of the land was disposed of; the farm portions making comfortable homesteads; the land Iying between Carpenter' s road and the river, from the bridge to the end of Wignell's, did not belong to it, but was a series of veterans (soldiers) grants. Lodge's road, behind Studley Park, and the Glenlee boundary, formed the other limits. The district post office was in a little cottage between Carpenter's Lane and the next comer. The post master was convicted of stealing Mr. Cowper's letters. Mr. Cowper then lived at Kirkham, while Wivenhoe mansion was built. At the next corner stood the smithy of Charley Butcher, a good but not very sober work- man, then came the house of Harry Newton, a shoemaker, much given to the bottle, his wife was totally blind and much sympathy was felt for her, as she was a kindly, good soul, and bore her affliction very cheerfully. Close by was the work- shop of "Mat the nailor." I used often to stop to admire his rapid dexterity in nail making, his tools were simple and few, a small anvil with a' "swage" fixed on it, and a loose piece of iron with a hole in it, over which to form the heads of the nails, he was attended by a girl who heated the nail-rod irons and worked the bellows. As he received the hot iron from her he rapid- ly shaped the nail, put it on the '"swage'' and cut it half through, he then put it into the hole, broke it off, and swiftly beat the the head into shape; he then shook out the completed nail. This was before the days of galvanised iron and machine made wire nails. Shingles or bark were then the only house covering, and Mat only made shingle nails. Elderslie therefore held the first manufactury in the district. When the Lambing Fiat and Braidwood diggings were discovered the traffic became enormous. Accommodation paddocks were opened all round, and Elderslie Viilage ground became a great camping place . Then some of the cheap half acre lots were taken up and occupied by a disrespectable lot, Jacob James a tinker, Jones, a carpenter, and Champley, a shoemaker. They were outrageous drunk- ards, and their wives both drunken and im- moral - teamsters used to join in the orgies and, there was abundant work for the police. About that time shiploads of Chinamen arrived in Sydney, aud bands of them were organized by their English-speaking countrymen to march under discipline, two abreast, in a column a quarter of a mile long, each man shouldering a stick with a a bundle at each ehd, they had also loaded carts following. They were orderly and harmless, except that they frightened all the horses. They always camped at Elderslie village, and their head man came into town and bought their supplies. Like Campbell- town, Elderslie has a ghost legend. I never could find out in what it; originated, but there is the "haunted house''— it- was owned, by a Campbelltown man named Wilkinson, who got into debt, and it was bought at a Sherilff's sale by Mr. Samuel Ward. Many of the allotments were never occupied; and their owners are not traceable, the unsold parts were given to Cobbitty Church, but the unclaimed portions have lately been "jumped" and enclosed. The lots bought by Sir W. Macarthur are allowed to be ex- cavated for the excellent building loam of the subsoil. Part of the town was bought by Dr Swaine, and is claimed by the Cowper family, his relatives. The village lands would have made fine Chinamen's gardens, as the soil is of sand, black loam and peat ; and water is obtainable at a spade depth. There is a line of sandy patches that are a geological puzzle, as they occur on high ground: at Gienlee Estate, at Mr. Todd's and others, at Wivenhoe and at Cobbitty ; all are remarkable for their noble apple trees. None of the original villagers remain, the last of them (Shepherd Smith) having laid down and died in a wheat crop of Mr. Thompson's near the bridge, after a visit to Camden pubs. J.B. M. 