: Federal' Parliament: (Frot A (orrespondelit.) W ihen is itaonewiillang" not sloSilse waillmng ? This is a new-v riddle. \?When i sa -Webster iOs speaiung. he1. i Re called Jir. iebster s etlori.?a lne exsunple of physical culture, but ti gretted that thllo mental eifort w.as .not so good us the: pysical. - amr. It bster merely suntea a ,superior smile. lpe wa? carefully gonig -o5er his " proofs" liue by line, und cor recting his spleea. It it had been a stonewalling clfdrt onacoulld adinie it. irons that point of view it was very line, for the ten hours: speech a as 'dettvered with lew notes, and :with out tuny long quotations to help him on. ltere is no other rrember in the s'arlniatent, except .ir..- Thomas Brown, who ewoulil be likely to equal this el tort. lutI 31r. tgbster. was not stone waiting. lie was altogether nt ear nest. ,ie had taken counsel with lumi seli and believed that a ten hours eltortlexte?nuing over two days' sittirgs was asked ot iint. ists amazing ego tisnt lhought Australia was lilteming to him. iou mnay jauge of how fat he deceiv , -"n hi?setf uy the interest you took in sele speech' yoursei. s?hiat did hli talk about : Oh, mostly everything- under the stin, but nothing that conerlas 'electors vetr much. lle carefully cug up a lot eoi things better forgotten. But whlat can be thought of a man who thiliks 'that he is called upon 'to stake a speech ten hours long. Dir. lishesr says that his men have been muzzled during the last few years. Aiter this Mobster experience one may be thank lul for the muszling. If the fusion means that taihers like ths have been let loose on the world one may even b?e brought to regret'it 1 .Mr. icster was not stonewallmg. 'lhero would be no hope for him ub lie had been. Tire FiEtiET~'ADE LEADER. The galleries hd bretten waiting fo two day s to hear Mr. George Reil. They were filled when he rose, as they haue not been to hear hinm sinuce the early flays of the "cedu ration. Somuthuig.was expected from artist that this was probably es.acti? ly the kind of speech which was ex peeted from him. It made his olu triends love hiit more, and it made others regret that they had been on opposite sides to him all through his career, but it did not mate members think that a man had been lost to the Cabinet who ought to be leading it. Mr. Reid is such a linishod artist that this was probably exsct sy the impression he wanted to make. Spassung to Bir. Deatkin after wards lie said, speaking of the speech, " The eleverress with \ltch he -a lanced darts that stiung 'and com plunltnts which" soothed the sting w-hen spse-.i sng of Ime was beyonu any criticism."' r. Deakiin *s lite rary enough in his tastes to be able to appreciate such consumu?ate poweL to llnt at what could he said, and yet mreusirng to say it. But Mr. Rleid is big enough to be able to forget; twhic is well. It is .only the big mani nlo can forget. Circum stanices have been too much for all the Federal leaders. As 31r. lRhid said, there are few like Sir Wil liam Lyne, who can claim to be un changeable. luving said thlis, lie, - in his uown inimitable way, procieded to goad Sir William into a fury by pro claiming him from the records of the New South Wdles llansad as .once a Freetrader, and several -other thinsgs which Sir William declares he never was. But, then; what are lIan -ards for oexcept to bury decently speeches like Mlr. Webster's, and to keepl for such occasions stories of what' n:embcrs have said in other eircumstriiuss. To-day Sir William Lynn is a camp follower of the Labor party, who persuades himself .that lie is marching in front of it. The stories Mr. Reid dug out of for gotten ltnmsrds told another story, and Sir Williat Lyne grew speechless in his fury. His one virtue is his boasted consistency, and he hated to lose it. EXORCISING TIlE CORNER: What is going to haPilen . to Mr. Reid sitting smnilingly in the Minis terial corner? lie sits in the seat that thel dictator of the Parliament" has hitherto sat in. .lver shince the Com muonwealth c-uane into -being it has not been the Prime Mlinister nor the leader of the Opposition who could say when there should or should not be a change oil the Treasury .bench, but the leader of the third party who sat in the balancing corner. Three others have sat there oat different times; IMr. Watson, Mr. Fisher, and Mr. Deakin, and each one was master of the fate of the other. Mir. Reid sits in this balancing corner for 'the first time, but he refuses to balance. lie is having a fine revenge upon athose who 'have looked askance at him. Mr. Wise voired an old feeling -when he put forward as the chief cause of his stan ding out of the party the presence of dr. Reid miad other Freetraders in the Foeral. party-. This old feeling Low is dying of wi ey- shame, as Mr. Reid, sitting in the corner where other'i have dictated terms, has no terms whatever to snl. It'was a usellow ir Reid whoi spolke last week. A few quite exs?eted darts -were aimed at the l'rinlme Miniut-er, and thle story of five years ugo uas comfortably . buried. There a-s a baiting of Sir S\illiam Lyte which Mr. -Reid enjoyed to the full. There uans an earnest warnitg as to the direction the new' party must taku to esuccn l, al llr.I Reid aan done. If he did inothing else, he laid the ghost of the dictator in the sa lancing corner. TIIE: EORCE OF CfRCUSISTA-NES. The s question members are- asking thenmsel-es is cas one of MIr. Reid's :ertsonal power continue in the Minis terial corner without gathering ouonil him all the forces of discontert which surrtual tho Mintistry. 'The an swer is that mudc depends upon itt. Reid. Either lhe or Mr. Deakin hand to efface tlhemlselvcs before ~the parties rcould con e together. ' The lquestion as to which should he e f faced wds determined by the electors, wlhe, in spite of the droppling ou f f -supporters of the purely P'rotectionist * party, tihe 'arliamet sawung further towards Proet-tion with each follow ing election. This swing reallydeter minedl thle qes-tion of leadership. lr. Joseph Conok almitted that tIne Prlia ment was ovcrwhelmningly Protetionist i -when - he sought lir.t for -tim fusion of the' parties. Ifad the swing of tlhe electorates been towsards Freetrade, Mr. I)eakin would Ilv-e lmd to fol low thie course Mr. Reid is; noir follow ing. The pleasant way- in 'hidh Mr. Reid fated the facts of ihe situatiots s- as elmrmihg. lIe loses nmore - thin dSentor Sir Josiah Symot; b?ut he carried tnone of tih 'bitterie?s that senatorcarrieil. . Givent a- little time, n l such Protectionistsmas ta-ce Ihns looking crosseeal at lIlt. LRei? 'illbelj amongst hIis most ardent frieindis. The rank anld file oi both thd olmrties are reconstructing their : opinneon . i:: ... .-: ; about lb leaders of the party. Ths is the first step to losing all (heir old prejudices. The work of the Prime nister is to miake tho .arliament move .i ward. Just so far as he makes * iove towards useful work so Tar does he justify the fusion. The no-confidence motion was defeated by 31 votes to 27. 11_ 