The Lily of Mordaunt. By Mks G. Sheldox, Authoress of “Tha Masked Bridal,” “ The Magic Cameo,' &o.;) CHAPTER XXXVIII. IN A DILEMMA. _ I am glad, at all events, to get my jewels back,” Bhe added, as sho eyed them fondly, lifting each piece with ten- I der, caressing fingers, and recalling the fviands who had given them to her. “ But this money, what shall I do with it? The hundred pounds rightly belongs to me, and I shall keep it; but the other—the ‘ interest,’ as he calls it—I believe—I do not want ; and as for that which he haB deposited in the Bank of England in my name, I could never touch a penny of it." Her eyeB blazed at the thought of if,, her head was thrown proudly back, ana her lips curled with derision. The hundred-pound note she put away in her purse, the other she returned to the envelope containing Philip’s letter, and then Bhe fell to musing sorrowfully, and was only aroused when Miss McAllis ter returned after a long absence, during which she had been in a continual fer ment of anxiety and curiosity regarding the contents of Philip Paxton’s package. Arley arose as she entered, and, put ting her letter Into her hands, begged her to read it. Scarcely a sound, save the rattling of the paper aB Miss McAllister turned the pages of Philip’s letter, was heard in the room during the next half hour. Miss McAllister sat bolt upright by a window, with lowering brow, stern, re lentless eyes, and firmly compressed lips. Arley lay wearily back in her low r rocker by the fire, her hands clasped patiently in her lap, but looking very pale and sorrowful. “Well, auntie, what do you think of it?" Bhe questioned, when that lady at last refolded Philip's confession, and handed it back to her. “ That he is oven a greater rascal than 1 believed him to be—and that was bad enough, goodness knows 1” was the grim reply. Arley flushed. She could think all manner of hard things of him herself, but it seemed very hareh when put Into such severe language' by another. “ But be seems sorry,” Bhe Bald, hesi tatingly. “So does every criminal when he is found out,” Miss McAllister retorted, tersely. “Do you suppose,’1' she went on, “ If Lady Elaine had listened to him—if Bhe had given him the slightest encourage ment. that he would ever havo written you that letter ?” “ Perhaps not,” Arley assented. “ Of course he would not. He would havo continued to pursue his wicked, shameless career, married her, and then bb ruthlessly broken her heart as he has yours, li she had opposed him in any way. It must havo been that adventure with Jane Collins which resulted in revealing'.jhis craftinesss to her, and led her to bring him up short, with a good round turn. I think I should have enjoyed being behind the scones about that time,” Miss McAllister concluded, with a little chuckle of triumph. “As for your moDey and jewels,” Bhe added, after a moment, “ I told you that he stole them ; I felt it in my bones, as the saying is, and I can believe him capable of almost anything now.” “ But he must have experienced some thing of remorse or ho never would have written all that he haB," Arley returned : “ his returning my money and jewels proves, too-” “ I should suppose he would bo glad to restore them ; they must have haunted him like a ghost every time he thought of or looked at them," interrupted the old lady, relentlessly. “But he need not have confessed every thing ; if he had not been really humbled he probably would have kept those last worst things to himself." “ Humph I doubtless he knew well enough that you would learn all from Lady Elaine, and bo made a virtue of necessity.” “ But she knew nothing about this stolen money and jewels, nor about his gambling—he might have given himself the benefit of a doubt regarding those sins, If he had chosen,” persisted Arley, Miss McAllister eyed the pretty figure opposite to her uneasily. 41 i hope, ’ she said, coldly, “ that you are not meditating anything so foolish aB to forgive him and take him back to your favor ? 1 should suppose that once hav-. ing released yourself from the lion’s power, you would not be very eager to put your head between his jaws again,” “Ho; I’m afraid that I can’t forgive him, auntie-” “ Afraid 1" waB the startled interrup tion, “ Yes. You know we are commanded to ‘forgive, as we hope to be forgiven,’ ” Arley murmured, in a low tone. “ Of oourse—of course ; no Christian should cherish malice, or wish evil to any one ; but this is a peculiar case. You are not obliged to wish for any special judg ment to overtake Philip—you can simply drop him altogether out of your life." “ Yes; those wretched months are still too fresh In my mind to admit of my wishing him to have any part in my future," and Arley shivered slightly. “But If he really feels as remorseful as bis letter seems to Indicate, I would at least like to render him all the credit that Is his due.” 41 Precious little is due him, in my opi nion,” was the severe retort, and there the matter dropped. Events crowded thick and fast upon the returned wanderer, for during the next forenoon Mr Holley, Arley’s former lawyer, was announced. “ Well, well, Mrs Arley," he said, jovially, as he warmly grasped her hand, “ it does my old eyes good to see you home once more. Mr Paxton sent me up word last night that you had returned, and, as I promised to transact a little business for him when you came, I thought I d settle It at once; and you may be sure I was very glad of the oppor tunity to come and welcome you home,”-. Arley was amazed at his words; of’ course, she did not understand them, but she did not like to betray too much; so, .though her eyes were unusually brilliant, ;and the color in her cheeks was like a scarlet flame, she managed to reply : “ Thank you, Mr Holley; you know jthat I am glad to see you under any cir cumstances, for I have always considered you as one of my best friends." “ You have not forgotten how to say pretty things, if you are a married woman and have travelled half the world over," the lawyer returned, Bmlllngly. “ But I’ll attend to business first and do my chatting afterward. I imagine," he .added, with twinkling eyes, “that my .communication will not be very much of a. surprise to you, but I am none the less iappy to make it." Wbat could be coming now ? Arley ^wondered, olasplng her hands so tightly .that the nails left deep, purple marks .upon them for long afterward. Mr Paxton waited upon me some time ago,” the lawyer resumed, “ and told me that he had settled a Bum upon you—twenty thousand pounds—deposit ing the money In the Bank of Eogland, and he desired that I would take charge of it, as l had done of your money In the past, and pay you tho interest quarterly, as before. He Bald that he had made this arrangement so that you might have the Bamo feeling of independence that you used to have, while ho wished you to bo provided for In case of any accident hap pening to him. I r eed not tell you that I am very proud to bo restored to my old position as your man of business, or that it la with great plcasuro that I pay over this first quarterly Instalment to you— Mr Paxton notified mo of your return last night—and you may be sure that I shall make prompt payments overy quarter day.” Mr Holley roached forward aud slipped a roll of notes Into Arley’s hands as he ceased speaking. She felt as if she should sink through the floor, as he crowded that money upon her. Her first Impulse was to dash It back angrily into the man’s face and bid him to carry it back to its donor. But, she reasoned, ho was in total ignorance of the truth of her relations to Philip—everything that ho had Eaid went . to provo It—and if Bho rejected the money she would be obliged to explain why, and reveal tho wholo of her dreadfnl It was evident that Mr Holley believed, as Sir Anthony had appoared to do, that she and her husband were upon the most amicable terms with each other ; and It was also evident that Philip was rigidly concealing everything which would tend to create any scandal, thus leaving her, as he had told her In his letter that he should do, to take whatever Bteps against him she might see fit. What should she do ? That money seemed like a live coal In her hands ; and she knew, with her pre sent feelings, that she could never use so much as a farthing of It; and yet, if she gave It back to Mr Holley, she must give a reason, and Bhe recoiled from rehearsing her troubles to any one outside the, family. i Miss McAllister’s face had grown black with wrath over this strange proceeding ; but she was obliged to hold her tongae, knowing that any interference on her part would be unseemly, at loast, In the preeenceof a third person. But the lawyer was waiting for Arley to say something, his face all smiles and aglow with heartiest sympathy for her good fortnue, as he regarded it, and she knew that she must make him some reply. “ Really, Mr Holley,” she began, with a crimson face, “ this Is a surprise to i me-” “ What 1 Has not your hnsband told you anything abont it 1 Has he left me to enlighten you upon the subject ?’’ In terrupted the lawyer, astonished. Arley’s heart leaped Into her throat. It was very hard to know just what It was best to say. “ He did mention that he had deposited some money in tho Bank of England for mo ; but J had no idea that I was to re ceive such a Bum as you mention, and, really,” Bhe added, with a nervous, almost hysterical laugh, “ I have re garded myself as portionless for so long that I fear I Bhall not know how to be have, with all this woalth at my com mand.1’ “Ido not believe yon will havo any .difficulty regarding the disposal of It,” Miss McAllister interposed, in a dry “I am sure you desorvo it all, my I dear,” Mr Holley replied, never once suspecting tho point of the venerable I spinster's remark. “ There has been a I sore spot in my heart over since your marriage, that yon were obliged to relin quish that snug little income to which yon I had alwnyB been accustomed, though I admire Miss Wentworth exceedingly, and am very happy to serve her. But I was always fond of yon, Mrs Arley, and I am heartily glad that yon are to be indepen dent once more, while I admire your hus band for having done this thing.” Arley did not reply, but sat there ner \ vonsly fingering that hatefnl roll of | money, and wondering If she would have strength to remain quietly in her room until Mr Holley should get ready to go. It seemed as If she must scream, rave, wring her hands, tear her hair—anything rather than Bit thero and listen while he extolled Philip, without being able to ntter one word of denunciation. It was torture to be obliged tacitly to assume that she was a happy wife, beloved and Indulged to her heart’s content, when all the while she felt almost too miserable to live. “ Do yon know that Arloy has become quite an artist slnco she went away Miss McAllister asked, surmising some thing of her wretchedness, and hoping thus to change the subject. “ No. Is that so ?” Mr Holley In quired. “ Yes,” Arley answered, eagerly seizing upon this new topic. “ I took painting lessons In both Romo and Florence, and have been quite successful. I, have two pictures which Sir Charles Herbert thinks worthy of being displayed at the exhibition thlB year.” Indeed I 1 never knew that yon had any taste for such work,” replied her friend. “ I always liked to draw and paint, but never discovered that I had any real talent that way until 1 wont abroad,” Arley said, with a slight flush. She wondered what he would say if he knew how she had discovered her talent. “Well,.I shall surely go to see your pictures as soon as they are hung,” he answered, gazing admiringly, and think ing what a lovely picture she herself made, sitting thero In her pretty white cashmere morning robe, with that rich glow upon her cheeks, the knot of bright ribbons at her throat, and that tiny bronze slipper just visible beneath her skirts. “ How proud that yonng chap must be of her 1” ho thought, repressing a sorrowful sigh, for he had laid his own fair yonng wife to rest many years be fore, and his home had been desolate ever since. The conversation after that drifted upon indifferent topics, and nothing more was said about Philip nntll Mr •Holley rose to go, when he remarked, smilingly: “ Tell that husband of yours that I have fulfilled my, trust, and that I was never happier in the performance of a duty before.” “ You are very good, Mr Holley, I am sure, to feel such an interest in me," Arley returned, drooping her lids to hide the strange glitter which Bprang Into her eyes ; and Mr Holley, after shaking hands with her and Miss McAllister went away, thinking how bright the world was for some, how cheerless for others. Arley returned to tho parlor, after at tending him to the hall, but Bho was deathly white now. She went and stood by the mantel, and looked thought fully Into the fire. Miss McAllister, sitting opposite and knitting away for dear life upon a charity stocking, her month pnekered into the hardest kind of a knot, watched her ont of the corners of her eyes. “ Well, Arley,” she Bald at length, becoming Impatient at her silenoe. “ Well, auntie,” Arley repeated, with the 3ame intonation. “ Wbat are you going to do about It 1 —the money, I mean,” with a glance at the roll still In Arley’s hand. “ If I could drop It Into the fire and— that would end It, I would do It this In stant,” she answered, with some spirit, “What can I do about It?” she aBked, wearily. “ I don’t know. I did think at first that his letter was all a sham—that ho must have heard something about tbe 1 mystery of your birth being solved, and was trying to wheedle himself into your good’gracos again,” Miss McAllister said, without stopping to consider, If such had been his objoct, he had taken a very strange way to accomplish It, by confess ing so much more than was needed. “ But,” she added, “ this Income business looks a little as If he really meant to make you all the reparation In his power, though where on eatth he ever got the money to settle on you Is a puzzle to mo.” “ You know Sir Anthony told us yes terday that he was overrun with busi ness,” Arley replied. “ Yes ; but It would take a man a long time to earn twenty thousand pounds, and ho has never done that In the Bhort time that he has been home, No, no, child, I believe that he’s been gambling again—depend upon It, he never came honestly by It, and don’t you touch It, don’t you touch It,” and Miss MoAlllster bristled all over with righteous Indigna tion at the thought. “lam sure I have no Idea of using It,” Arley answered, proudly, “ but what shall I do with It P It 1s evident that no one mlstrustB but that we are on the beat of terms ; but I cannot refuse to take these quarterly payments from Mr Holley without giving him Borne reason, and, auntie, I do not feel like doing anything to start a scandal involving myself.” “ You have no intention of ever return ing to Philip again ?” Inquired her aunt, with a keen glance at that pale, pained face opposite her. “No, auntie, I could not with my pre sent feelings. I have been wretched ever . since the day of my marriage j a barrier ’seemed to rise between.us Immediately upon discovering that Ina was tho real Arley Wentworth, and we have been almost like strangers from that hour.” “ Poor child 1 what a sad time you have had,” Miss McAllister said, sym pathlslngly. “Of course, then, If you have such a dread of scandal, you would not feel like applying for a divorce 1" Arley shlvored. “ Of what use would that be to me ?” she asked; “death alone would release me from my vows.” “ Well, well,” you must live here quietly with us and let matters take their course," was tho gentle rejoinder ; “ we will do all we can to help you for get, and you shall never want for anything while I have a pound left.” “About this money,” she added, a moment later, “ if you don't like to refuse it from Mr Holley, you can enclose it in an envelope and return it to Philip every quarter.” “ Y03, I could do that—at least for the present,” Arley said, with a look of rolief. “Of course, after awhile, when people come to see that we are never together, the truth will leak out, and then I can stop the payments,” She went at once to act upon Miss McAllister’s suggestion, and, with a hand that wis far from steady, she enclosed tho sum Mr Holloy had paid her, together with tho twenty-pound note Philip had already sont her as interost on her hun dred pounds, in an envelope, directed it to him at his chambers, and sent It off at once. That evening Sir Charles and his mother called, and were most cordially received by Miss McAllister. After introducing her aunt, Arley led Ina to Lady Herbert, saying, smilingly : “This Is tho real Arley Wentworth, of whom I have told you, and whose golden slippers I wore so long.” Her ladyahlp studied the fair face a moment, then said, as she took the gentle girl by the hand : “ Well, dear, since you had to give them up, I am sure you must have been glad to resign them to one so worthy.” “Indeed I was,” Arley replied, heartily, and then she presented Ina to Sir Charles. As she did so she noted the eager, admiring glance, which the young baronet bestowed upon her, and also the faint flush which Btole Into the beautiful girl’s cheek, and the shy drooping of her white lids after her first glance into his noble face, “ They will lovo each other," she said to herself, with sadden conviction; “ and, oh, how well fitted they are for each other—he so grand and true, she so gentle and lovable.” It did Indeed seem as if her prophecy was likely to come true, for Sir Charles had neither eyes nor ears for anyone else throughout his call. He hardly noticed Arley after their firat greeting, until his mother arose to go ; then he seamed to suddenly re member his errand there. “Mrs Paxton,” he said, “I have suc ceeded in securing a place for your pictures at the exhibition,” “ So soon ?" cried Arley, astonished ; but her face lighted with genuine plea sure. “ It must be ‘ soon ’ or not at all, you know,” he returned, “for It opens to morrow.” “ True. I had forgotten. How do they look ? Have they a good light V’ “ The best that they could possibly have. I was very fortunate, and they present a fin# appearance, I assure you. An artiBt,” ho explained, “ was expected to bring two very fine pictures from Paris, but a telegram was received last night stating that they had been destroyed by fire, so the places reserved for them could be given to others. I was the first applicant this morning, and so secured the vacant space.” “ How Borry I am for that poor artist 1 It must be a terrible disappointment,” Arley said, regretfully, then adding : “ But you are very good to me, Sir Charles; you have literally heaped favors upon me from first to last." “No, no ; not so bad as that, I hope,” he said, laughing. Then, In a lower tone, and with a glance at Ina ; ” You have conferred a favor upon me to-day. What an exceptionally lovely person Miss Wentworth Is !” “ She is indeed—lovely In every sense of the word,” and Arley bent an affec tionate glance upon tho young girl, for whom she was hourly acquiring a strong attachment. “ I suppose that I—we may come to see you again ?” Sir Charles begged, with a somewhat conscious air. Arloy laughed a low, musical laugh; she could not help It, for very little had she had of his society during this visit. “ Certainly you may—come as often as you like; and,” she added, with a mischievous twinkle In her eye which made him change color, “I have no doubt that you will receive a cordial wel come from every member of the family.” “ Thanks. When will you go to look at your pictures ?” he asked, to turn the subject. “ Just as Hoon as I am a little rested,” ! Arley said, with a sigh. The excitement of the morning had made her feel very languid and weary. “ Yon are looking very tired, and we ' will not trespass longer on yonr strength I to-night,” Sir Oharles Bald, and, with a hand-clasp all aronnd, he took his Ieavs, followed by Lady Herbert. “ Yon must come and stay a month with mo, dear, jnst as soon as yonr friends can Bpare you," her ladyship whlsperod In Arley’s car, as she kissed her at parting. “Yon have been with mo so long, and I have learned to love you so well, I miss you sadly.” “ Thank you,” Arloy returned, with trembling lips. “ I do not know what would over havo become of me but for yon.” “ Somo other fortunate Individual would have secured your companionship, and I shonld have missed a great deal out of my life, ’ responded Lady Herbert, cheerfully ; and then, with another klBS, followed her son to their carriage. To be Continued. 