VENT. ' ' \- AT MARRIGKTILJail. (By 'Tackfa.') '' ~ HE. Canhelijle Convent at 'Marrickvtlifc has been. ,the last nine-days' wonder^'io jffi n^ r-- hundreds of people. ^ Fif |n-Tf-T~fji b^' teen nuns of the Carmelite ?: Hb|^ , Order, chiefly jFr'ench, -^ame ^, to settle here about fifteen years ago, awing mainly |to troubles Iif their own cojm try. TheyCbrought a^good tleal of money with '|neni,_ and paid a^arge deposit on the ' ''Warren' at itarxick Tille. Th« last tew f^ears, owing to. sqjne unfortunate investmeijfes' in Erince, money has not beeny-^ver-y plentiful, ind the merest has mounted upNo about £500. About six months ago it was feared there would be trouble', and it has come. A fortnight ago the bailiff came in, and the nuns had to go out. AH their property was sola apparently, -anti efforts. to buy it in were in most c|ses vain. It is.-.believed the financial difficul ties are only temporary. '-.,,. The Mount Carmel Order were founded by one Berthold, about the twelfth century, in return for hi8 prayers being answered. They spread all over the world, and lived through many and great troubles, ..often. being persecuted. .About the fourteenth century the Carmelites that is the nuns of the order, were founded by Sister Teresa of Spain, and she organised a return to their first rigorous rules, both among nuns and Iriars, which was very successful. Among tneir rules are. those referring to 'silence, no owner ship of property, seclusion, long fasting, and manual labor.' . The one time 'Warren' stands on the heights of Marrickville, in large grounds composed chiefly of grassy Mil side, and the grey mass of stone rises severe and cold before you, with not a glimpse of life about. The quaint turrets and gates here and there give it the loot of a feudal ?castle but the windows are nearly all barred yrith wire and opaque glass, and never a nutter of blind or curtain betrays* the fact that any thing human dwells within— it has -always been so since the Carmelites came here some fifteen y?knocked at the great doors, which opened with a clang, and the caretaker appeared, replying to any request, -*'. 'Oh, yes, come in here, and walk wherever you like.' This was so different to my last visit— I knock ed and there was perfect silence for a space, then the sound of retreating, muffled footsteps, and the' shutting of doors, each one more far away, ttH the last died away in the distant echo s. Then a sober-hued nun came to the front door,, gently and opened It a little space. On heaiing my business, I was asked Into a room where work and pictures were shown, and this I understood ?was the furthest I should be allowed to penet.a.e Into the convent so rigorously secluded. N°w~ ah I felt very solemn as I stood in the man halt, ?with its tesselated pavement dimly glowing where the outside sunlight fell across it in shafts of light from the wide open door, which a so crept tip the stairs and as far into the dim passages as The first thing that struck me was the number of texts all over the walls, and at unexpected an gles, in severe black letters, without the least de coration. Wherever you iook, b.low, aa-.e, around, some holy words strike the eye, and the effect is decidedly quietening, so that jokes soon die on the lips. I walked into room after room witn all the same appearance, white walls eoverea with, texts and religious words, fireplaces all bricked up, and with marks ~on the stained floors where apparently altars had stood. All the pas sages had a' different motto overhead, and 'Si- lence' printed very large, as the Carmelite* are a silent orderr-the effect on our party was cbill Ing the continual recurrence of the word 'si- lence' seeming to beat all the life out of one. Every room had a different motto over tne aoor, | over the shelf that took the place of a mantel piece, and every archway had its phrase, all unit ing to the 'Gloire de Dieu' or 'la paix de la vie j Bellgieuse.' I walked along passage after passage, ; toom after room, all bare, desolate, severe, with do remnant of what may have been only two ?weeks ago places brightened and beautified by the handiwork of the nuns, now turned away from iheir home almost without warning. Suddenly we turned out of the dim house Into a courtyard full of glittering sunshine dancing over the grey -weather- worn stones, creeping brightly over the quaint turrets, and resting tenderly on the old moss-grown shingle roof of the dining room and kitchen. The contrast was delightful, and I felt the glory of God's world .as not often before. ' * The kitchen is much the same as all other kit e-hens I have seen, except for a country view through the window that was refreshing. I saw little odds and ends of kindling wood, sma'l things used in cooking, and a few clothe and bottles of . oil and other necessaries that had been partially , used/and it brought up to my mind the figures | of the quiet nuns going to and fro about their hu man duties that gave the most pathetic touch to the dismantled place. The dining-room — refectory, I suppose, I should Bay — is a bare, bleak hall, with what seems to be a red brick floor, beautifully clean, and cold; tha spaces where tables have been round the. walls, and no texts whatever; here I seemed to see the poor nuns at their last meal, all standing there startled and patient, not touching the spare meal of bread and cheese, as the foot of a stranger and a man echoed through the building, and the bailiff, took possession. Poor nuns, was ever plight like theirs! but — itriends came to the rescue, and before daylight they were received into a home where every so lace was offered them. : We left the picturesque courtyard, and went up stairs to a repetition of bare rooms, and unlimited phrases for holy living. The boards echoed aSid re- echoed to our steps, and a certain awe fell upon us as we penetrated deeper, into the heart or the convent, which has only heretofore . echoed the fervent prayers of the Carmelite recluse. Here and there on the wall we saw the outline of the cross which had been torn down, often times roughly, and seemed to see a sombre figure kneeling below with crossed hands, and suppliant face. To me, the place was full of ghosts, they flittered to and fro wherever we went, distress seemed in the air. - In two rooms we found all sorts of mysterious shelves and cupboards, with a small stove in one of the only fire places we saw in the whole forty Eeven rooms. One of the cupboards nad a wire netting, and in the others were small ledges, evi dently for placing images on. Another room was a linen press, a third a library from the torn backs lying on the floors, loose pages of books of deVotion, and the titles of devotional books on some of the shelves. This dim little hurary was full of a ghostly presence, as though all the au thors were gathered there in spirit and resented our God-like intrusion. I felt many times I had no right to be there; but I am writing just what I saw, so that the general appearance of a secluded convent may be as clear to you as to me. ? _,,,,,. ?In every room we found tins and piles of whits ea&d;, which we concluded was used to put in va ses to stick the artificial flowers in, and 6ma11 crosses. Here and there were scattered bits of silk, ' velvet, artificial flowers, leaves, bits of gold and silver leaf, tinsel, scarlet cloth, and artistic bits, evidently broken from iltar trimmings and figures. It was very sad.io think of the rough dealers tak ing these things so sacred to those who made and revere thenv-thlngs made tor the church they loved— just rolled up like doll's mneryi and stowed away to be sold probably second-Band. We went Into the chapel, a long bare room, with an oraa xne&tal; ceiling, where the spaces on the walls Show where the pictures have been taken from, and the confessional ' stands f behind a screen, !Where the nuns came to servfce'unseeD/ One of the party said, 'I came here once to see a nun take the veil. She. knelt here, and look ed, in her face, as if she -were^fllready of heaven, so happy and at peace. Her 'black robes were Tery sombre-looking, and -wheh^Bhe lay down as though dead, and they covered iierup, I could not believe it was not really deathr-it was very sor rowful, and I do not care-to see It again.' Out again, up and down the interminable corri-, flora, and rooms so alike that the sameness is most bewildering; everywhere the texts In their black letters staring right into your heart, making you feel how you are. Everywhere the «ame deadly monotony that kills every thought, and stills the milse till life Is faint. I heard that even when Kb* convent was furnished there was very little ornament, pictures were rare, and chairs un known. At last we came to a fine hall lighted from above, : Here the Carmelites used to walk to and fro, to aha fro, amidst altars and*t-ictures, telling, their, beads. I fancied that- I saw them here, so that they seemed to crowd us out. I saw the dismantled altars rise in ghostly perfection again, the crucifix, gleamed out from a niche, the dim figures' silently glided, sometimes* kneeling. Immovable, rapt, exalted, sometimes - walking slcwly with eyes fixed above, with the beads passing through the nervous fingers ra pidly, and . lips moving in 'silence: Yes, I saw. them all, as though it were real, and I -believe their handiwork is surrounded by' their loving thoughts still and images them around. Near here we, entered z. room where painted up near the ceiling were the symbols of the Cruci^xion, and in another room I saw a picture of ho'y im port; otherwise there are no wall frescoes. In a queer cupboard room we found many half-Tjsed paint brushes with gold and silver paint, oyster shells with carmine color, silver and gold, fea thers, pencils, bits of drawings, and everything that made us think it a storeroom. In another cupboard were bita of canvas and several shoes so cleverly made and so severe of style; one had been worn, and I touchd it tenderly for the sake of the wearer, who would look on our touch as profane. In a small studio were pieces of canvas, with half- finished sketches, and scraps of , paintings; a newspaper with a clever charcoal sketch for a holy picture; and here we stood for a long time, and pictured the nun artist at work in the silence, drawing her inspiration from her mind, careless of public opinion, careful only to do it 'au gloire de Dieu.' Does a, picture never cross her mind of other days, when the cloister was but a dream! . Upstairs again, up to the rooms where the nuns slept, tiny plain rooms, which at the best have only a board for a bed, with, maybfe, a hair .mat tress. Desolate rooms, ?with wooden shutters , inside to exclude all light at times, outside a ' glorious view kept out by opaque glass and bar red windows. The latches are primitive, a woodr en bar going into a socket, a handle formed of a stick of wood, fastened to a bit of wire. 'The ut ter loneliness and dimness of these places seemed to make us feel that we could not stay another moment — no mind- pictures could I call up to designate the gloom. In one room is a frescoe of a monk and the Christ, where we were in formed an abbess died, and since then the room has not been used, yet it seemed brighter and more peaceful. Upstairs again, till we found the turret — „„,- !?-?-?- ? -? p--'-* rubhi^h, r^-d-b^ard boxes of every shape and size, card-board crosses, hearts,' ..j^inB, l.uuub, lauteriis, heads of fishes, the Christinas decorations of the animals in the stable ( where Christ was born, and bunches of artificial flowers trodden ruthlessly under foot. Here and | there were needles and thread, and half- finished t bits of decoration, and again the unbidden pic- i tares seemed to. rise before me, and the little room was peopled with the grey nunlike figures gathering together their offerings, and reverently toiling to turn these scraps into things of beauty acceptable to their God. I picked up a few flowers, and a needle and thread in a bit of work, to remind me of one of j my most interesting, yet saddest, experiences, i Up on the to.wer we' -vfrent and looked at the most glorious view, - Chills and vales, . like jewels, winding, glittering water, sombre, '. sighing trees, the grey city appearing through ? wreaths of smoke, and just below the-wide, swell- j ing fields, with tbe picturesque walls and turrets, j outlined against them. It was -seldom, if ever, that I the Carmelites ever came up here, where 'la gloire ' de Dieu' so often referred to in the convent is \ realised. Coming down again, I noticed the bell that calls the nuns to their various orisons— ra- ther that used to call them. It is a large bell, that looks as though its voice was mellow, and hangs amid the brown rafters, a» solid rope hang ing down, and a nun attends to the tolling thereof. All day from 4 o'clock in the morning the bell rings out its summons to prayer, and to its voice none are ever deaf. Someone touched the rope by accident, and its echoes fell on our ears in musical, pathetic cadence as -we descended the stairs? it ' seemed -calling — calling— but — those who knew and understood the voice were far away. ' * Once more out into the fresh world God made for us, and, laughing for very joy of life, we en tered the garden, where the nuns have labored so well that a lovely glow of color, backed by glossy leaved shrubs, met our eyes. ' Mignonette, hibis cus, fuchsias, camellias, cherry- pie, pinks, and all otter sweet things grow there, a little untidy, per chance, but what do we mind ia a garden which is sweet? It stands well below the fence, which runior says the nuns built themselves;' so that no profane eye could see them as they worked, si lently, carefully, successfully, day by day. The vegetable garden is now down-irodden and ran sacked; but a few remains of plants show how well tended it was. The fruit trees are breaking into bud, and in a short time this garden will, indeed, be a lovely place. Where the brow of the hill dips to the water we found a quaint cottage looking like a picture, with turrets and grey stone mellowed to old-world beauty. Here I saw the trimmest of fowlyards, .with flowers creeping here-and there, and a fowl shed like one. in a picture book; while the shed occupied once by the convent, cow was fit for a human being. The room -the nuns used to make their cheese in 'has remains -of their handiwork that gave the only touch of real human feeling and occupation we had seen; One word mote, and I have done. On the crest of the hill we came upon the tomb of one of the order; a plain, wide stone, solid and massive, covers the grave of the only one of the nuns who has died here. A few climbing roses twist and twine tenderly over the rough stone, and. the grass hides the square se verity. A prie dieu by the side testifies that someone comes to pray for the soul of the de parted saint. - Standing here, we say farewell to the nunnery of the Carxaelites, -whose eventful history is not yet ended. - It seems impossible for some people to realise that other people who dip not agree with'them are 'not necessarily fopls. THE COMMANDER OF 'A' BATTERY. -CbloneI Smith, 'at home.' This has been, his sleeping- quarters- at Draghoender: On the line of march, much less . luxurious. Vrow's Stockings and Ordinary Man's Sock. A correspondent at Draghoender writes: These are regarded as one of the curiosities of the campaign. They describe more fully than words the fatness ol the Boers. This photo. Is of an average size of many stockings that are kept for constant sale by the local storekeeper. A Rebel and his Gun. They all bring In. Grandpa's gun first,* but upon per suasion produce the inevitable Mauser. 