, 'Stumps.'. 'Stumps,' as he was called In Dos serland, was a favourite with criminals and— the police. He had a bright, joke -and a kindly word for all alike ; no one had ever OCUJl 1UIU UUOfl, UL liuuwu mill uy 11. mean thing. Children hung round him, listening to his yarns ; '' the lasses always stopped to banter with .him ; while, many a night round the doss-house fire he was tlie life of the wretched-loolcing group, as In fluent, picturesque language he told ghost tales and fairy legends of his native County Clare; making tilie moucliers forget their hunger, their suf ferings, their despair ; and when he had money he was royally generous— lie treated everyone he came across. ' Bedad, that fact alone bethrays moi kingly lineage' (Mike was descended from an ancient Irish sovereign), lie once said to me, half-ruefuily. ' Sliure, I'm never so happy as whin dispinsing bounties.' Indeed, I have known 15s. last iliim but two- days, thouglu he always slept in a- doss-house, and the only solid food that passed his lips during that space was onions and tripe for supper, and a couple of carrots as a midday meal. ' My digestion, you see, is peculiar,' he confided on one occasion to a magis trate, after receiving a sentence of fourteen days ; ' it seems to cotton to- nothing but drink.' ' Could you not take the pledge, and would not some one help you to keep it ?' aslced the functionary of justice, who, I am sure, in his heart, saw tlit futility of these repeated consignments to gaol. Mike ruffled his rough red hair, and a gleam of amusement darted into Ills' eyes. ' May it plaise your ludship,' he said, ' it's meself was a shining loigiit in the Salvation Army— fur-fur two months, an' begorra ! In that toime if Oi did not merit a silver medal fur timper ance.' auu wueie le mumu t arciveu tlie magistrate. Again 'Mike's eyes twinkled and the corners of his mouth worKed. ' An' you'll belaive me, your wurs'.iipr, whin Oi came out last toime, from the resi dence you wos so kind as to send me to fur moi health, I pawned it fur a dlirop of the cratur', an' begorr-i ! if Oi' didn't foind the medal wasn't silver at all, but jist a common bit of tin Mike's real discomfiture was too much for tliose present, and they mugiieu ua ne lueaiiL uieui to laugn and nobody enjoyed his joko more than he did himself. But laughing at or with a culprit does not help ro mend his ways, and Mike's case had a sad side to it.— From the 'Quiver,' for April. 