Anglican Diocesan Synod. j WH. AKCHHAl.1. «»' t'XSCIUr-irilAl. AND I 11KTKOGKAHK HOOKS. Ox the resumption of business at Anglican Synod for tho diocese of Sydi OD jPriday, the Archbishop presiding, Jtev. Mervyn Arobdall moved,-" T this synod hereby expresses ita pr regret that the following books have bi recommended bj* the Australian School Theology to ita students, viz. : (J) ? "Whkeman's introduction to the Histor tho Church of England, which commet -(a) ' The completo reaction against 1 Protestant movement of the 16th contu (p. -J92) ; (b) 'The revivnl of the prest century,' which 'means tho restoration tho Church of langland to tho pos:ti "which it held when lüdward Vi. came -tho throne' (p. -103). (2) Dr. Maclea introduction to the Thirty-nine Artic! du which the author teaches-(a) That t thirty-first Article docs not refer to t recognised Hollian doctrine of the Mu lut simply affirms ' that the lîucharis . Sacrifice neither acquires nor posses; anything propitiatory in if self indupen ontly of that ono sacrifuo, that it can on apply what was onco and once for i Merited by that sacrifico' (p. J (Hi) ; ( ' "that justification includes ' the renewal .tho iuuer man' (p. 164); (c) that ' G< tho Holy Ghost justifies' (p. 100); ( that 'merit, Uko righteousness, though n of us, is yet very realby in. us, and is, : loss than other fruits of grace, our ow given tc us as a possession by Him, w] with His Sou gives all that constituí satisfying moral lifo'(p. 170). (3) D Xuckock's ' Studios on tho Prayer Boofc "whioh (a) brings serions complaints again "tho first revisers of our Prayer Book, au (h) even against our prosont Prayer Boc ' as disfigured by 'most liimontablo blot * (] 89), 'a void for which nothing but its fu xostoratiou eau over alford adequate const lation' (pp. 00, 01), mid 'a direct breai ol Catholic usago' (p. 102). And th eynod earnestly hopos that tho authority of tho Church will discountenance tho us "by students of these, or oilier such mihi: torical, doctrinally uiiscriptiiral und relrc . grade books." Tho resolution, it wu claimed, was dofousivo and not aggressiv! Tho'Hov. Canon Hoy-Sharp, us th only representativo of tho college presen i said that the college was making an offoi to stimulato tho clergy lo keep up thei arcading. Tho secular universities, it wu to bo remembered, had no faculty of theo 3og3'. It did not much matter what book \- a. caudidato used as long as ho succcedc in satisfying tho examiners as lo hi knowledge of history. Concerning th text books objected to by Mr. Arelidall liooks which the synod wns asked to sa; .vero unhistorical, doctrinally unscripturaï and retrograde, how many members of tin synod had actually rend thom ? Th oj should be read be toro judgment was pass ed upon them, lt appeared to him ab surd beyond words to ask a popttlai assembly to judgo books unread by lh< majority. Ho thought, on tho contrary that gratitude was duo to the authorities of tho college for thoir labors. Tho Hov. AV. l l. H.. Tarrington spoke in support of tho motion. Thora was, ho said, danger of disruption in tho Church, ?which, unless the eyes of all wero oponed, would ond in destruction. Thoy should gó"J,¿cJc to tho old primitivo conditions "which prowled in tho oorlior cuntimos of the Church. Mr. C. O. Burgo argued that tho synod ufas not eompefcont to j udgo tao books in question, seeing that thoy wore quito un familiar to most of tho niombers. Ho l»egged to movo tho previous question. " Dr. Corlette secouded tho amondmont. Tho Hov. ll. E. Goddard Baid that for "Lis part ho had not soon two books out of -the titree in question. Ho was therefore not in a position to givo au intelligent and enlightened vote, and ho was s uro that many other mcmbors wero similarly situ ated. As it was, thejr woro asked to judge on tho strength of isolated and selected passages. Ho was of opinion that they should voto against tho motion of Mr. Arelidall. Mr. AV. Crane did not seo tho necessity of thoir reading tho books iu detail in order to arrive at a decision. The extracts quoted by Mr. Arelidall had not been answered. Tho Hov. A. B. Tàriiold regretted that the subject had been brought boforo tho .synod, which ho did not think should bo tho'orono, for such discussions. Tho synod did not consist of theological exports aud the members had no authority' to consider theological questions, and pass sentence of "condemnation on eminent theologiciuns. \- All that ho know about two of tho throe oooks was what ho had boon told by Mr. Arohdnll, and he had no faith iu Mr. Arohdall's infallibility. Tho motion had arisen out of a superstitious dread of tho ^Episcopate. Mr. Arelidall, as a 6olf .eonstitutod nurse, wanted all tho students of tho Sohool of Theology fed with milk £roraohetub. Judge Doctor spoko in favour of tho previous question being put. Tho. Chairman thought it would-be o .pity to oarry tho motion of Mr. Arehdall, ?with whoso intentions ho lind niuch sym pathy. Tho relations between tho synod * and tho college authorities were such that complaints and suggestions could Lo mado to tho latter in a litter way. Ho would ask Mr. Archdull to reply boforo ho put auj' motion. Otherwise there would be a prospoct of tho debate going on for days. Tho Hov. M. Arehdall 6nid that tlio only serious answer mado to his charges ' "was that his quotations wero iuacourato and unfairly taken from tho context. Ho "-would, therefore, by leave of tho synod, ' iread actually from the books, and members / could chock him. The argumont that tlio eynod was incompetent to deal with tlio question was a monstrous ono. They wero Christian men, guided hy tho Holy Ghost. Everyone of thom -was as responsible as any bishop on tho bench'. They would bo responsible if they shut thoir eyes and let the church gallop to the Papacy. He repudiated tho claim that ho had sprung tho matter upon tho synod. It had been said that his motion amounted practically to charges of heresy, and that was not true. Mr. P urge's amend mont that tl ie pro vious motion be now put waa lost on a vote, and thereupon Mr. Archdall's motion was carried. 