ttliORT «TO.UYv About a Necklace and Something Else, I am a coward ; it is no good saying I am not, for I am and I know it quite well. Some people say I am brave, some even strong-minded, but that is principally Because i dont mind about mice and blackbeetles, and never scream when I am frightened ; none the less, really I am a coward, as I think this tale of the haunted room will show. It was Christmas time, and I was stay ing with my friend, Dolly Vanborough. Dolly is a sweet little creature, as lovable and fair and lively as I am the reverse, which, of course, tends to make us the greater friends. Still, though we had been school chumB, I had never stayed with her till that Christmas, and so did not know her people. 1 was rather afraid of them, they were very rich, and quite Icings in their own country, with a big old house and lots of company. Dolly's brother Derrick I was afraid of too; he was much older than Dolly, very clever, and grave and silent — rather a terrible personage. And, to make matters worse, Dolly, who is the dearest little dunce in the world, persists in believing me clever, and in trying to impress other people with her belief. However, Mr Derrick was very polite, and pretended he liked talk ing to me, and never appeared to be aware of my mistakes. His mother and father, ww, were so aina, ana.xnisted on my pro longing my visit indefinitely. Altogether, I enjoyed myself, in spite of the haunted room. I slept in it. It was not supposed to be much haunted, and for a long time I heard and saw nothing. No one before me seemed to have been particularly troubled, the only objection to the place being its distance from the occupied part of the house, I first saw my ghost when I began to inquire into his story. I did not do this very early in my visit. It is true I asked Dolly about it soon after my arrival, but she knew nothing, and then there were so many other things to think of, thac I forgot to seek further particulars, till one evening at dinner my neighbour began a ghost conversation. Of course, this reminded me of my haunted chamber; and I applied to the general public for information. Unfortunately, I could not get much. All I could gather was that for nearly eighty years the room was supposed to have be in occasionally visited more by mysterious noises and wandering lights than anything else; even these had ceased entirely for a long time. The date when the haunting began was at the death of Dolly's great great grandmother, when also a very valuable diamond necklace disappeared ; some Bhadowy tradition con nected tuese facts in a tangled way. I was very interested, of course, and asked .heaps of questions, among others whether they had searched my room for the neck lace. ' t>h, yes ; they have turned the whole house out of window one time and another, Mr Vanborough said. For my part, I don't altogether believe in that necklace. X have a fancy that it was privately sold, and its ignominious end concealed by this story.' _I do not think Mr Derrick agreed with his father, and Dolly would have nothing to do with so unromantio a conclusion. She and the younger guests agreed to institute a search the next day. Of course nothing came of it. If you had seen them looking you would not have wondered. Anything more utterly unsystematic I cannot imagine. The search itself was in X? Y imPortant. It was the night after that my experiences of haunted rooms began. I bad been asleep some time when some slight noise woke me ; I am a light sleeper and the least thing rouBes me. I was looking drowsily round, as one does on first waking me up at once. The fire was out and, except for a little moonlight, the room was very dark. Plainly, in the light X saw, between two planks of the floor, which was polished and only furnished on the matoasis principle, the fingers of a hand. I was simply petrified with horror at the sight and lay bathed in cold perspiration staring at it, too fright ened to scream or move. As I, fascinated, watched it, I saw it creep along the edge of the board for the space of a foot or more ; then, as its progress was towards the bed, I gathered together all the little courage I had and gasped, ' Go away, do go away.' And as if it had heard me, the hand went creeping back again and vanished ! It was long before I slept again, but at last I did, and with the return of daylight I had. a return of courage. In fact, by morning, so brave had I become that I examined the crack between the two boards where the ghost hand had ap peared. To my great surprise I discovered .that by forcing it a little way and pushing with a strong comb, I was able to slide one plank back a couple of inches. Through the aperture thus made I could see nothing owing to the darkness, but by tying a pocket-knife to a piece of string and using it as a plummet,. I found the distance , below was considerable. The old library, the room under mine, wbs very low, I knew ' therefore it was easy to imagine there might be some sort of hiding hole between the floor of the one room and the ceiling of the other. I questioned Dolly about it when I saw her alone after breakfast, but she knew nothing ; I wished to keep my adventure to myself, so I was not very explicit, I am afraid. In spite of my intentions of secrecy, there was one person who found me out, and that was Mr Derrick. Quite how he did it I do not know ; he guessed part and compelled me to tell him the rest. Of course, he wanted me to give up my room, in consequence, and, of couise, I would not. We both behaved rather queerly about it, I fancy, for when I flatly declined to sleep anywhere else (which I did partly from obstinacy and partly from fear of being laughed at), he asked me to do so 'for his Bake!' And I in return begged him to allow me to keep my room one more night. After some hesitation he consented to do so on condition that I would leave my door unfastened. I went to dress for dinner early that night, and took upstairs 'with me some long tacks. With these, using the heel of slipper as a hammer, I fastened the big gest mat in the room over the sliding- board. Then I had a thorough hunt in all the likely and unlikely places I could think of for the necklace, which, needless to say, I did not find. During dinner, however, I found something else — a hand very like my ghost hand! There is a wonderful lot of difference in hands; my ghost hand, which was naturally very olearly impressed on my mind, had short fingers full of little creases and very AuOOOy jOlUiD X UvvIvOU| nUOU UO TTtwO pouring out some sherry for me, that B uncel, the butler had a wonderfully similar hand. This interested me very much, and I set to work to find out all I could about the the man. I learned that he was a most worthy person, and had served the Van borough family from boyhood, as his father had before him. Indeed, the latter had been in their service at the time of the disappearance of the necklace. I did not tell anyone about the hand coincident ; I thought it best, because, ! you see, there really was very little to go j upon; all the same I could not help think- I ing about it in a really foolish fashion 1 that night. What with that and specu lating about Mr. Derrick's behaviour, whicn had been most perplexing, I found when, having looked under the bed, I got inside it, that it was quite impossible to sleep. I kept looking from the mat- covered board to the unlocked door, and then back to the board again, and thinking and thinking of — oh, lots of things, till it became quite dreadful. At last, unable to stand the strain any longer, I got up and went to the fireplace, and stood staring at the now low and smouldering fire. The room was quite warm, and my dressing, gown waB beyond that horrid sliding- board in a dark corner, and I am ashamed to confest I had not the courage to fetch it. The fire, as I said, was getting low, and, and, as I had no fancy for being left in'the dark by its expiring altogether, I turned to get some wood to replenish it. As I stooped I leaned one hand against the woodwork of a panel by the mantel piece for support. Suddenly it gave way beneath the pressure, and I nearly lost my balance and quite lost my nerve in conse quence. Hastily withdrawing my hand, I poked up the fire, and, still shaking a little, proceeded to examine my new dis covery, of course brimming over with the idea of finding the necklace. The aperture so unexpectedly revealed looked like a small cupboard, and was not more than twelve or fourteen inches anyway ; it was, moreover, quite devoid of interest, and absolutely empty. I had come to this con clusion — it did not take long to do so, see-, ing that it could be discovered at a glance — when another idea occurred to me. Supposing this secret cupboard was only the ante- chamber, that it contained, hid den in it, the entrance to another ? Such a thing seemed possible — indeed, nothing seemed impossible in my surprising room, especially at that bour of night. Accord ingly, I felt and poked all round the small place, not forgetting to keep an eye on that nailed mat. All at once, something clicked, gav« — and then there was a thud — a snap— and the spring had closed again as suddenly as it had opened- But it had left some thing outside, something that had fallen down when it had opened — what was it P I turned to the firelight, with a mad excitement shaking me all over. No ! Yes, it waB — it was really the lost neck lace ! There it was, folded in paper, lost for years, but glimmering, glowing in the firelight like drops of crystallised light ! And I, spellbound, held it, admiring it as only a woman can admire diamonds, oblivious alike of door and board. And then suddenly a hand was placed over my mouth, a weight was flung on me from behind, and the next instant the necklace lay a pool of light on the floor, and I was locked in deadly combat. I am strong, very strong — girls are nowa days — and I am stronger than most, and though I was taken unawares, I was no mean adversary for my unknown foe, hampered ' as he was by long white draperies suitable to his role of ghost. I am afraid, unwomanly as it may seem, I dearly love a tu<de, not quite such an earnest one as taut was ; though I some- how knew then that it was a matter of lifa and death we were fighting out aa we rolled over and over on the polished floor. | A matter of life and death to be fought ' and fought alone, for my own room was so far removed from the rest of the house hold that I might even then haTe been | murdered without their knowledge. Was I so far removed from everyone ? How was it, then, that the door flew open, and a man rushed in, and, divining by in stinct between the two struggling figures, dealt the ghoBt such a blow, reducing him to silence? How was it, and who was it P Why, Derrick ! Yes, Derrick, who had watched all night in the next room, the old disused picture- room, and who stood with pale face and trembling hands, all fearful for me ; Der rick, who picked up the necklace and hung I it round my neck, and vowed no one should wear it but me; Derrick, who I gathered me in his arms, and then apolo- I gised, and then asked me if he might, and i — oh ! I can't tell any more ! Just a word about Mr Buncoll, though. It appears his father had stolen the neck lace and hidden it until he could find a convenient opportunity for selling it. The opportunity never came, and owing to his sudden death, the exact whereabouts of hiding-place was never known. His son, who had spent much time looking for it unsuccessfully, believed it to be hidden somewhere in my room. When he saw the ' unexpected publicity given to the story, I and the energetic search made for the j necklace, he felt he must take desperate measures, and - carry on the hunt himself; and, as he was unable to go to the room in the day without causing remark, he deter mined to do so at night. If by so doing he frightened me into giving up the room, he would no doubt have been very pleased, I as he would have had the coast clear. 1 The space between the library and my | room and the sliding-board, which was one of the two ways into it, had been made | during a time of religious persecution, it was believed, but its exact history wa« | never known. The secret cupboard and it3 hidden spring were probably con- ! structed by B uncoil 's father, who was well j versed in the ways of locks and springs. | There is really nothing more to tell, except that no one has ever worn the neck lace but me. Mrs Vanborough says she is too old for such things, and Mr Van borough says it becomes his son's wife, especially as she found it, and Derrick says— wen, iocs or tnmgs. — u. L. Sil- BERRAD. 