CREW SAVED BY A GHOST. Many strango incidents occur at sea, but none moro so thon thot whioh befell Captain Bonner, of tho brig Mohawk, a small vcssol engaged in tho West Indies trade. Aftor leaving St. ThomaB, hor last port of call, on ono voyage tho brig was steering a north-westorjy course, homownrd bound. beating up under short canvas againBt high winds and heavy seas following ia tlio wako t)f a hurricane which had traversed tho tropics flvo or Bix days boforo. Her captain, who had boon some hours on deck, wont below ut midnight after directing the first officer, who waB on watoh; to keep tho courso thon steored, and to call him in case of auy changofortho worse in the weather. Ho lay down upon a sofa in the main cabin, but as tho brig's boll struck' twice, becamo conscious of tho tiguro of a man, wearing u green sou'wester, standing besido him in tho dim light of the cabin lamp. Thon ho heard tho words — 'Chango your course to tho sou'west, captain.' Captain Benner got up and wont on deck, whore ho found that tho weather 1 had moderated and that tho brig was carry- ; ing moro Bail and making bettor headway. Ho asked tho mate on duty why he had sent down to call him, to which that officer re- I plied that he had not dono bo. I Tho captain, fancying that ho had been | dreaming, went back to tbo cabin, but ho was disturbed soon again by a second visit from the man in tho gaeen sou'wester, who re peated his previous order and vanished up tho companionway. Tho captain, now thoroughly aroused, jumped up and pur sued tho retreating figure, but saw no one until ho met tho mato on watch, who insisted that ho had not sent any messongor below. Mystified and perplexed, Captain Ben ner returned to the cabin only to see his singular visitor re appear, to hear him repeat tho order to change the course to sou'-west, with tho added warning — ' If you do not it will soon bo too late!' and to boo him disappear as before.' Going on deck he gavo the necessary orders for tho change in the ship's courso to south west. Tho officers of 'the brig wero not only surprised, but also indiguant, and finally de termined to seize thoir captain and put him in irons, when, soon after daybreak, tho look out forward reported somo object dead ahead. As the vessel kept on it was made out to be a ship's boat. As it ranged abeam it was seen to contain four men lying under its thwarts, ono of whom wore a groen sou'wester. Tho Mohawk was promptly hove to, a boat lowered, and tho castaways takon in. Tho castaways proved to be the captain and three men, the only survivors of the crew of a vessel which had gone down in the hnrri .canc, and they had been drifting helplessly without food for five or six days. Tho green sou'wester was the. property of the rescued captain. A few dayB later whon he had re covered sufficiently to bo ablo to leave hiB berth, he was sitting ono day in tho main cabin of the brig with Captain Benner. He suddenly asked his host whether ho believed in dreams. 'Since I havo been here,' he continued, ' I have been thinking how familiar this cabin looks. I think that I havo been hero beforo. In tho night before you picked mo up I dreamed that I came to you hero in this cabin and told you to change your course to sou'west. Tho first time you took no notice of me, and I came the second time, in vain; but tho third time you changed your course, and I woke to find your ship alongside of us.' Then Captain Benner, who had noticed tho resemblance of the speaker to hiB mysterious visitor, told Ills own story of that night. . . 