Foreign Missions. The late Rev. W. W. Lindsay. As is natural a large portion of the March issue Ai Tulcutuku Valca Lotu is taken np with an account of the death and burial of the late Chairman. Much of the mat ter has already appeared in these col umns, but a few items from a letter written by the Navuloa Students to Mrs. Lindsay will show our people in Aus tralia, what the natives think of our dear departed brother, ' All Madam were His great and equal in his sight, the continuous love youths, the maidens, the old or the young, he did not despise one and love another, he loved us all alike. From the time we each arrived here, until the time he passed away, we did not hear him angry with one of us, or speaking strongly to any. If one of us went astray, he ad monished him gently, because of the very great love he had for him. Be cause of his love some came to the In stitution at Navuloa to read and be taught ; he did not make distinctions, he was the same to all, whether they were the sons of teachers, or of chiefs, or of ordinary people. The reason of this was his great love. Some days many students went to him in his study to ask information, or with requests, but he was not unequal to it, 01 pre vented, neither did he speak angrily to one, or send . any away unattended to, but he put aside his important work and served thqm indeed. The reason of it was his great love. Our minds are overcome within us, lady, as we think of him our ever-loving Elder. Our minds look ahead down the years to come, and we wonder whether we shall ever again find such a loving Elder as he who has just passed away 1 Alas, alas! The loving one, the loving one ! 'Great indeed was his His Endurance, endurance, madam, for very trying events came to pass in our town, both formerly and even now they come, and he endured them all. We very frequently injured things giving just cause for anger in him. But anger and evil mind was not seen in him. He endured it. It is this kindly nature, madam, which causes us to continually think of him, our good leader who has just passed away. Alas ! Our patient leader ! Who shall be like unto him ? True are the words of Paul, ' Love suffereth long,' (1 Cor. 18.4). Where shall we find another to walk in his footsteps ? ' He ruled us well, justly His Will and wisely. He did not rule heavily one, and lightly another, or badly for one and well for another. No ! No ! indeed. Both body and soul had rest in the nature of his government of us. True, true, in deed is the blessedness of a government after this sort. If this kind of rule con tinues at Navuloa during the years to come, harm cannot come to this great college in Fiji. The spirit of the rule of this loving chief, can never be re moved from our minds. ' Very diligent indeed His Work. was he, and you also, Madam, in your duty, the work which you were appointed to do here. He did not do his work badly, or too hurriedly or reluctantly in any of its parts. We know nothing of the former times when you both arrived in Fiji, an evil time, the time of darkness, when you both patiently endured this great work. You both earnestly de sired that Fiji might live. We only know our own times, in which we saw the diligence of you both, which was serviceable to our land. Neither of you were, but you worked in the spirit of earnestness. Fiji has found its benefit. Many are the youths of Fiji who have been educated at Navuloa, and they have each gone to their circuits, some as ministers, some as catechists, some as leaders, these are Fijian teachers and they are many. This is the fruit of your united work, and they are each doing weil. How phall the hearts of the Fijians forget this, a good and greatly beneficial work of this kind ? Many are the children of Fiji in heaven to-day, and they were taught the way there by you both. 'This,' madam, is the Conclusion, conclusion of this letter, but the remembrance of our leader who has passed away, and of yourself and your family cannot pass away from us and from our wives. We all send you great, great love and also to the children. May God our Father and His Son and the Holy Ghost com fort you and your family. Amen. Joni Ravai, The College Secretary.' We make no excuse for No Excuse, presention to our Church these translated extracts from a long and a beautiful letter. Other letters appear in the same publi cation expressive of love intense and abounding sympathy with the bereaved family, but this will suffice. We are sure that the concluding petition of this beautiful resume of the life of a great and good man will find an echo in , many a Methodist's heart. 