THE STQRHELLEB, COUSIN JOHN'S PROPERTY. {Blackwood1 s Magazine.) (concluded ) It had been Mrs. Simpson's wish to have accompanied her husband on this pleasant voyage of discovery ; but that was a step which he himself by no means approved of; and as the Messrs. Grindle gave it also as their opinion that such a visit would be rather premature — in fact, that it would hardly look well — that lady, who was a staunch maintainer of decorum in all its orancnes, gave way ac once. Ana n ner proposal, in any degree, savoured of undue haste to step into the dead cousin's sboes, she hastened amply to atone for it, by or dering the deepest and most expensive mourning for the whole Portland Terrace establishment. It would no doubt have gratified the feelings of the late Mr. John in the Highest degree, and have almost re conciled him to his fortunate representa tives, if he could have overlooked his sor rowing relative giving directions to her milliner to have ' everything of the verv best, and just as if it was for a brother,' and have felt the thickness of the silks, and measured the depth of the crape. So, leaving Mrs. Simpson thus dutifully engaged, her husband went down into Snrrey with the junior Mr. Grindle in his dog-cart. You might have called Mr. Grindle a bad lawyer, and he would only have laughed at you, or even have taken it as a compliment ; but to have questioned his driving would have been to make an enemy of him for life. The mare was skittish, and the worthy citizen felt or fancied himself in peril of an overthrow more than once, and inwardly resolved not to include a vehicle of that description in his list of necessaries for a country gentle man's establishment. Bat as he had the prudence' to confine his fears to himself, and risking no remark upon the subject beyond the unobjectionable observation that the mare was ' very fresh,' they arrived at Barton End quite safely, and on excellent terms with each other. ' We must stay here two or three days,' said the lawyer. ' I haven't been able to get down here for some time, and there are a good many things to be looked mto ; and of course I should like, while we are here, to show yon over the estate; besides, I've asked a friend to meet me here for a day's shooting j generally get a couple of good days here in the course of the year ; your cousin, Mr. John, you see, always left me that privilege — can't say how it's to be in future, you know, of course,' con tinued Mr. Grindle, with what he meant for a sort of deferential smile, but accom panied with a gentle nudge which might have struck anyone but Mr. Simpson as rather familiar. But Mr. Grindle knew his man, and had an eye to securing the agency as well as the shooting. ' Oh I I am sure, I hope — I beg by all means — if I'm -ever in that position, I mean, and if you were good enough to do my little business for me ? ' ' Time enough, my dear sir, to talk about these things; at present, you under stand I act for Mr. John Simpson.' Mr. Grindle had perfectly satisfied himself on the point on which he had been very pro perly anxious; and now he put the ques tion by so quietly and decidedly, that poor Mr. Simpson felt quite rebuked, as if he himself had very indecorously brought it forward. 'You don't shoofc yourself, perhaps?' resumed the lawyer, after a decent interval, which he kindly allowed his companion for repentance and recovery. Mr. Simpson might have replied, ' Do I look as if I did ?' but he contented him seJf with a smile and a shake of the head. ' Well, I daresay you can amuse your self if I am so uacivil as to leave you for a deyj there's the more and the cart verv much at your service.' Mr. Simpson bowed his acknowledg ments, but without the slightest idea of interfering with the mare's retirement. He had been wishing there were an omnibus handy for his journey home; and wac very glad to descend from his seut and follow Mr. Grindle, who seemed' quite at home, into a comfortable looking room, with a good fire, and which had evidently been a library. ' Dinner will be ready in half an hour, gentlemen,' said the old man who had ushered them in. ' And we shall be quite ready for it,' said the lawyer ; Mr. Simpson not being prepared with a reply. Matters were not nearly &o; comfortable in Portland Terrace. It so happened that the very evening of Mr. Simpson's depar ture, George Harrison had run down, in more than his usually joyous spirits, with a little good news of his own for Mary. The long-hoped-for augmentation of his salary had come at las . The uncle who had taken him into his counting-house — and who was his guardian, for George had lost his father — was n strict men, and some what eccentric in his ways, but very jusC. He had a large family of his own, and though the business was extensive and lucrative, it had always been well under stood that George must entertain no expec tations of future partnership, as that would be the sons' inheritance. Two of them were clerks in the counting-house, and the father kept them as strictly to their desks, or rather more strictly, than anyone else in the establishment. George Harrison might consider himself fortunate in occupying the position he did, which was independent and respectable ; and perhaps he was even still more fortunate in having- to work his own way under eyes which were not easi'y cheated or evaded, and where no mercy was shown to any wilful neglect. He did his best; and though his uncle had never done more than express himself aa quite satisfied, he found that when a fair op portunity offered of advancing him, ho was not forgotten. His cousins would no doubt in time become members of the firm, but they were young; and George found himself now promoted to a vacancy which the father knew he was at present much better qualified to fill. It offered but a very modest income to marry upon, cer tainly ; but Mary had no grand ideas ; and George thought that even the Times minimum income for youne: couples would bear reduction. At any rate he ran down to Portland Terrace (eager as he was, not a sixpenca would he waste in cab-hire), and rushed in very wet and and verv happy to rejoice and consult with Mary. Mrs. Simpson wrs in her own room, very busy with the dressmaker ; Augusta, who was a good-natured girl enough, and very fond of her sister, and willing also, no doubt, to do as she would be done by, found she had something to look after in the kitchen ; though her conscience smote her afterwards for weakly allowing her feelings to interfere with hor duty, having fully adopted her m )t!ier's views at a con ference hold the evening before, that it would be a thousand pities now, when Mary might do so well, and form an un deniable connection, ' to your advantage, you know, my dear, as well,' said the thoughtful mother, ''for her to go and throw herself away upon that young Har rison.' The coast being clear, however, Mary and her lover had a good three quarters of an hour to themselves before Mrs. Simpson knew he was in the house ; ane how much may be Baid and done in three-quarters of an hour judiciously employed ! On the stage, a whole petite comedie, compre hending aii loast two pairs of lovers and their fortunes, is performed within the time ; in real life, all thnt is worth remem bering in the long dull druma of existence, for either mim or woman, is often played out in less ; the rest of it — scenes, charac ters, and dialogue — might be all cut out without destroying the interest, if not with advantage to the lookers-on. But for the two young hearts now beating near each other (very near indeed it was) in Mrs. Simpson's parlouV, though without her sanction, the grand act of life had been ptayed already, long since ; it was only the winding-up of the piece which they had to settle, and that was soon done. If Mary didn't think it too little to live upon, why, George didn't. If George thought they could manage, then Mary was sure they could. In a meeting so unanimous, the resolutions do not require much discussion. The arguments are admitted on both sides ; or rather, both sides are one. If any un pleasant suggestion— one of~the prudence party — intrudes itself, the course is ob vious — 'turn him out.' What means freedom of discussion on such subjects — indeed on any snbj^ct — except freedom to discuss it as much and as little as you like? Then she told him — and was glad she had not told him before — of the possibility that she might have *'a little something' too. Papa would not lot her come to him quite penni leas now ; and uome day or other — perhaps when they most wanted it, ' for their children,' in her pure in nocence she said — he might — she was sure he would do all he fairly could for her. And George was almost angry with her for having anything to promise him besides herself. Thrae-quarters of an hour was it ? why, it did not seem five minutes. (Augusta thought the clock had stopped, for the kitchen fire was low, and Betsy was snap pish, and not so much inclined for gossip as usual ; her young man was waiting at. the area steps, which accounted for a low whistle every five minutes, startling Au gusta. ..Betsy said the cat had a cold ) Three-quarters of an hour ic wa3 though, neither more nor less, and George must go; couldn't even stay supper as U9ual : he would have more work to do now, and there W8S something to be attondod to that very night ; he ' had rather go,' and Mary did not ask him to stay. So the mischief was done, and George Harrison half-way home to his humble lodgings, before Mrs. Simpson descended to supper. She was in a benignant mood, for the new gowns fitted admirably, and being what the dress maker called 'rather joily ' — which only implies that which in politer language is called well-developed proportions— She was conscious that she looked well in black. Even the announcement which Mary very innocently mnde at supper time, that George had been there, neither spoilt her temper nor her appetite ; he was gone again, that was a comfort ; bub she would lose no time in having a talk with Mary. Bo when she had finished her moderate glass of rumand-water, she was not sorry to see her younger daughter (who had not spent a satisfactory evening on the whole, having sat for what seemed to her an unconscionable time in the dark with the cross Betsy nnd an uneasy con science) take up her candlestick with a yawn, nnd proceed to bed. Mary, too, had something: to say. It was with eorno little misgiving—more, certainly, than she should have felt a fortnight back — that, she told hor mother of George's advance ment, and how he had now taken courage actually to speak about their marriage. She did not fee! quite sum, when sho ro cfilled certain hints and yide-speochos (Mrs. Simpson was great in that line) addressed during the last low days rather to Augusta than herself, about hasty en gagements, and imprudent marriages, and the duty of paying due regard to the station in - which people were placed, whether what she had to tell would be re ceived quite as she conld wish. While George was with her, she had seen no diffitfuHies in the way ; but now, alone with her mother, all her joy and confi dence were gone. But if she spoke hesi tatingly, and anticipating a somewhat colder reception for her confession than the good-humored banter to which she had grown accustomed on this sama sub ject, little indeed was she prepared for the storm of anger which burst upon her. Never had Mrs. Simpson been seen so angry. She was provoked with herself for having de layed her lecture to her elder daughters') long ; angry with the whole household for having been accomplices in securing that important three-quarters of an hour for George and Mary's conspiracy against her; angry with the dressmaker for having ome at that particular crisis — ao. hour behind her appointment — she must have done it on purpose; and angry beyond measure with George Harrison for having out generaled her cherished plans by a little straightforward dealing. She had trusted more to the hope of disgusting him in time by a careful system of cold receptions, and change of manner, than to any positive effect which she expected to produce upon her daughter by hints of her improved value in the matrimonial market, or direct exhortations to make the most of her new position. George, she knew, had an honest and independent spirit ; once let him feel that he was suspected of pressing his suit now because there was money in the case, and however unreasonable the accusation, his pride might take offence. Then Mary might go into the country, out of his way ; and so in time, this unlucky love might go'the way of many others, become one more of those little silent sacri fices laid upon the altars of wealth and pride' — mites in the estimation of a prudent public, but some'imes to the offerers more costly than ' all their living ' — and he gradually reduced with hymns and liba tions from Mrs. Simpson as highprie&tess.; to ashes. So at first, even now, instead of attack ing Mary, she began by opening fire upon George. It was a mistake, Mrs. Simpson, and as a woman you ought to have known it. In a calmer mood, you would never have made a firat move so utterly destruc tive of your game. Mary would have taken a good amount of scolding for. her self quietly; however cruel and unwarrant able she might have felt her mother's con duct to be, a few geit!o expostulations and a bitter flood of tears would have been her only reply that evening. Mary and her mother might have fewer interests and feelings in common than was good for either ; but there had never jet been in justice on one side, or any lack of dutiful affection on the other. But when Mrs. Simpson paused Jor breath after an alter nation of violent abuse and attempted sar casm against George Harrison as ' a low mercenary,' having declared her own firm belief that this opportune increase of his salary was nothing but a ' move ' got up ? between himself and his uncle in order to nail the Simpsons to the point at once, she saw that Mary, though she trembled very mush, had risen from her seat, and was looking at her with a very calm and com posed countenance, ou which there was no symptom of a tear. 'Mother!' said the girl, 'you don't mean that of George ?' Mrs. Simpson did not mean it, in her heart ; but she meant to say it, and had said it; and she said it again, more violent^ than ever, because' she felt its untrnth. 'Mother I' and she laid her hand quietly on her arm — 'don't say any more. If you never meant me to marry him, you should have spoken before. It's too late, now for either of us. We can't go back. Oh that this miserable money had never come between us !' For Mary saw it all now. 'You've been took in, Mary; took in by a Bwindler, as I may say. If I were you I'd have more spirit, that I would.' Spirit ! it was not spirit which poor Mary wanted just then. She wantod pa- . tience, which is harder to find. If the mother had nevor understood hor daughter hofore, she had unlocked some startling seerotB now. In the usually calm Rweefc f'aco, now Hushing crimson, and then ohangiug to dead white, thorn was neither maiihm shame nor girlitth four of her mother')* anjjor, but burning imligmuion and fixed dofianoo. Mrs. Simpson was not a wiso woman, even in a worldly Rotm) , ho understood the symptoms, she wti$ frightened, buf she was not to be mastered by her own daughter, in her own house. She was undeniably right; arrd like many other persons when undeniably right, Bhe was wrong. 'Say what you will oi me, mother, and I'll bear it if I can 5 buc don't dare to ? slander Mm!' ' Dare ! hey-day ! I'll dare him to coma inside my doors again, that's what I will !' 'There will be no need, mother,; I can go to him.' Both had said a good deal more now than they had meant to say. Mary's was one of those quiet answers which rather increase wrath than turn ir, away. Her mother's indignation stifled her words. She could only gasp out something like, 'Very well, ma'am — very well!' when Mary rushed upstairs to her room, and sat down in an agony of wounded feeling, to which even a flood of tears brought no relief. It was all so sudden, so little de served ! and all because of a little money ! But though she never slept that night, she lay very still and quiet, and never dis turbed her sister. She had no one there who understood her, none to whom to open her grief. But her resolution was taken ; and long before the family breakfast- hour she had dressed hastily, packed up quietly a few absolute necessaries out of her ward robe, and taking them in her own hand, leaving Betsy in wide astonishment as she 0-Hdfld bv her in the passage, she had reached the nearest cab-stand, and asked to be drivea to her aunt's at Brixton. Aunt Martha, she thought, would give her sympathy at all events, and a little counsel for the actual present For the future, she meant to ask no one's counsel but George's. If he would take her to him, there she was ; never so wretched and miserable as now, to be sure, but never so much needing the love and care which he had so often promised. She was not as hamed of her love for him now ; he had been wronged, insulted. She did not con sider it was only the senseless violence of an angry woman ; she would scarcely have minded rushing in to him in his uncle's presence, and crying, ' George, here I am ; pity me and love me j no one else will, because I love you.' She hardly knew hew she got into her aunt's pretty sitting-room. She did not understand the servant, until she had told her twice that her aunt was gone from home. 'Yes, miss, gone to nurse old Mrs. Manson for two or three days, while her niece is away. Old Mre. Manson's very bad, I do suppose, miss.' Well, she must sit down at least, and calm herself. She would write to George at once. But what to say? when could sorrow, shame, and outraged feeling ever shapa themselves into the letters of any discovered alphabet ? Sbe wrote, and tried to read what she had written, and tore it \- intn frae-ments. She bent her aching head upon her hands, and waited for the troubled thoughts to still themselves. But they would not. Then she rose, and went to the window that looked out into the road. By what a merciful ordering it is, that; the most trifling outward object catches the eye at such moments, and de livers us for a few instants from ourselves ! A coach was passing towards the great city. It was a gentle ascent, and at the moment a boy with a very small bundle let himself gently down from behind. Not . so quickly, though, but that the watchful driver caught sight of him when -he reached the ground. ' Hallo, young chap !' he shouted ; «' fare's a shilling, if you please !' 'All right, coachman, all right!' and the boy ran off as fast as hte legs would carry him. ? 'All right! I m blest it it is tnougn 1 ? think you're going to nde all the way from Croydon {tere for nothing, ye young rascal.?' The driver pulled up his horses, and looked after his flying 'fare' foi a few seconds, as if he had a great mind to got down from his box ami give chase ; but as the boy was nctive and had a fnir start, 'and tin.o was probably valuable, ho shouted a few good-lvumo:ed threats after him, and drove on. Mary lind looked after him too, with such ut'.or siBtonishment Unit her own ti-nnhl«fl were fortrotton. Her eyes had tears in them, to be sure ; but thore was no mistaking the personal identity of Master SamiW.l. She Hew to tbo struct door, ami could just poo his figure in the difltanco. Tho couch turnod U10 corner in . tbo opposite diroo'.ion, and then tho . hoy appeared to flop, nnd to bo watching whether any 000 wna coming in pursuit. file bofjan slowly to retrace his stopB to wards the door where Mary was standing, and Mary hardly waited for him to be within reasonable distance to wave her handkerchief in the hope of atti acting his attention. The movement peemed rather a BUBpicious one r,o the fugitive, for he halted and reconnoitred afresh. Mary ran towards him, unbonnetted as she was, and at last Samuel recognised a friend. He was hurried into tha house, and questioned as well as his sister's agitation would allow her. Samuel had run away from school. . ' I a'nt going to black Binns' boots, nor spend all my money in buying paunches to feed his dog, nor to have nuts cracked on my head, with Vardy's dictionary, nor have my tea stirred with a tallow candle, nor be locked up on a half-holiday. I cut away this morning — me and another did.' ' Where was he going to now,' Mary asked. ' Well, I was coming1 here first, to see what aunt Mai-tha'd say, and then I'm going home to mother. I rode. all the way from Croydon here, you see, but I hadn't got a sixpence. Vardy said he'd skin me if Idid'nt lend him all Ihad left, so I jumped off by here, you bee, without paying; didn't I manage it prime ? What'll mother say, do you think, Mary ?' 'Mary could have told him that Mrs. Simpson was not likely at present to give him a very warm welcome. But a sudden thought had struck her. She would take Samuel with her — even he was assort of protection, and a fellow-culprit — and go down at once to her father at Barton End. She would tell him everything, and follow his advice faithfully, for he would never urge her to give up Geoige. Samuel was delighted with the proposal; Mrs. Simpson's moods were uncertain with all her family, and it was quite a matter of speculation with him during his flight, whether she would kiss and pity him on his arrival, cr send him to bed in prepara tion for the early coach back to the hated school in the morning. And to go down to Barton End ! — it was worth running away for, even if the master Hogged him (he couldn't think Vardy realiy meant to skin him) when he was sent back. The old pony might be living in the park still, possibly. Of course he should like to go to Barton End. It was ascertained upon inquiry that a coach would pass in the afternoon, which would set down Mary and her brothar soon after dark within a mile of the house. Samuel was in terror lest the coachman should be his old acquaintance of the morning ; but even if he would be should be. propitiated, Mary assured him, by an extra shilling. The bov's company had already done her good. Sho listened to all his school troubles, and promised, if he went back, and was a good boy, the absolute power 'if Binns and Vardy should be modi fied. I', was strange. Mary thought, that even these boys should begin thus early to torment each other ; she wondered whether there was any happiness anywhere in this world ! Samuel was ravenously hungiy, having run away without liis breakfast, which reminded Mary that she had done the same ; appetite is very iniectious, and she was indebted to bis example for not refusing entirely, as she felt very much disposed to do, tLe extempore luncuuuu which aunt Marthn's maid was quite ashamed of, but which Master Simpson pronounced to be ' prims.' Mary wrote a hasty note to Augusta, to say she was gone to her father, and rather longer ones, not nearly bo intelligible, to George and to her aunt, and took her seat in tbe coach with a sinking heart. It was a miserable journey, this looked-for visit to Barton fled.; 'she dreaded the very sight of the place. What would her poor father say ? Mary had never given him ono moment's trouble. He had been Jond o' saying so to her, when they wore alone ; sho wns his heart's pri.le and delight. He would think her right, sbe was sure ; but must she bo tho wretched instrument of breaking up all his family happiness ? Still, she never hesi tated or repented for one instant. She must be true to George. Sho would never have suffered herself to think of him — would have smothered her first foelings towards him as sho might, had either father or mother forbidden their intimacy ; would givo him up ovon now, if he was— what ho had beeu called that morning. So she stepped out in the dark evening on ihe strange road where tbe turn to Barton was, with a weak and tottering step, but with as strong a heart; as when she had said to her mother, -( I can go to him.' It was a long lonely mile to Barton End, but a straight road, the coachman had said, and she had famous company. For Samuel had begged to go outside, and for the last few miles had sat on the box, had heard wondrous tales of horses, and taken the coachman into his confidence as to his running away, and informed him of his prospective ownership of Barton End, and, in short, talked in such magnificent style as must have abashed Binns and Co for ever, could they but have heard him. But he was very quiet now — partly from some misgivings as to the meeting with his father, and partly because Mary clasped his hand so tgght, and trembled so, and walked so vary fast, and then stopped for breath, that; Samuel was rather frightened. He little knew that in the eyes of the world poor Mary was by far the greater culprit ot the two. He began again at this last moment, as he had done before during the day, to try to enlist her on bis side against the offended powers. ' I say, Polly dear, say a good word for me; don't let 'em send me back again straight, as they did one boy, and they kept him on bread and water for a week, and flogged him twice every day, and he went and drowned himself, and there's his bones plain in the well now, and his ghost comes up every Saturday night in the bucket.' : I ' Don't talk such nonsense, Sam,' said his sister, though she scarcely beard the words. ' Well, but Vardy told me so, and he showed me something white down in the water, and told me to go and draw the bucket up on a Saturday night, but I durstn't.' Possibly the increasing gloom of the lane had its effect on Samuel's nerves, j which were not of the strongest ; however, | they reached the entrance to the house j without difficulty or adventure. 1 Mr. Grindle had returned from a long | day's shooting, and found Mr. Simpson', awaiting him at a late dinner ; rather I moped, if the truth must be told, and lon-£- j ing to be at home at tea with his familv. | The lawyer's sporting friend had declined j to stay and dine with them, and had driven j back to town ; so the two gentleman again j sat down tete-a-tete, Mr. Grinrile doing; the ' honours. Mr. Simpson found his position rather embarrassing ; he was neither ma.ste r nor guesf. Ha was drinking the agent's wine kept at Barton under private lock and key-- in preparation for hi* periodical visits, and eating the salmon brought down in ice in his dog- cart He would not have ventured himself to give an order in the house for the world. Mr. Grindle, it, is true, referred to him continually, most I distinctly and pointedly, as ' poor Mr. ; John's cousin ;' but he' felt that the sour looking old servant would, at a word from that gentleman, have kicked him out of the front door, and, as he fancied, with pleasure. It was quite true — so he would ; and Mr. Grindle after hire, and Mr. John 1 Simpson, if he had the chanco, after them both, or any other visitor by right or by invitation, who interfered with his own personal ease and quiet ; but to poor Mr Joseph it seemed that the sour looks were levelled specially at him. It might be that both gentlemen were tired, or that they did not find each other's conversation very agreeable, or that, as the lawyer observed, there was something sleepy in the air ; for, after a very languid attempt at conversation, tbey forgot to pass the bottle, and fell fast asleep in their respective easy-chairs. They were roused by a startling peal from the hall bell (nervous haucls always pull hard) echoing loudly through the almost empty house. ' Rather late for ft visitor,' said Mr. Grindle ; '* hope none of my clients have lol lowed mo clown uere. The hall door was oppned, theve was a preliminary negotiation audible in the passage, ami then tho sour-visagod domes tic ushered iu 'Miss Simpson.' Mr. Grindlo look art astonishod, as he rose ami bowed. Mr. Simpson jumped up in alarm. 'Anything the matter nt home, Mary?' snid the father in ft trembling voice. Sho forgot Mr. Grindle; perhaps never saw him. She rushed forward, and fell on her knees with one loud sob at her father's feet. Perhaps Mr. Grindle could not, strictly speaking, have been called a gentleman. He was a man, at all events, wnich is some times just as good. He was astonished, he ^vas very pardonably curious, but - he walked straight out of tbe room. It was -' a case, as he would have phrased it, quite out of his line ot business. He walked straight out, rather in a hurry, and the passage was rather dark. There he stum bled over a boy. ' Who are you ?' said he, shaking him rather roughly, by way of giving vent to his agitated feelings— ' who the deuce are you ?' ' Don't,' said a pleading voice — ' don't j I'm Sam.' 'Sam who?' 'Sam Simpson.' ' Curse it,' said the lawyer, ' here's the whole family come. And what on earth are you doing here, boy, skulking in the passage ? If you want to see your father, why don't you go to him ?' -l Oh ! 'cause I've ran away ; and she's gone to tell him about Binns.' ' Ran away 1 where from ? and why did you run here? and who's Binns ?' But if there had been any hope, in his then state of agitation, of Samuel's giving intelligible answers to this sharp fire of questions, he was at all events spared the trial, for at that moment the hall bell went again, as loudly as before. '' Go it,' said Mr. Grindle, with a sort of sneering defiance ; 'ring louder.' Samuel had not the slightest doubt that the Philistines were upon him — that the whole staff of Lindley House, professors of all branches, native Parisians and Germans, drawing, writing, fencing, and cahsthanic masters (most or whom he bad never seen, but they looked terrible in the prospectus), with Binns and 'Vardy pro bably as volunteers, were baying on his track, and that he was to be dragged back to increased tortures. 'Let go my coat-tails, sir.' (Sam had fastened on him in his agony.) ' What's the matter with the boy ? don't howl in that way! go to your father, d'ye hear? — Sorry to keep you waiting, I'm sure,' said the lawyer, again addressing the door with a bitter politeness; for either the old servant was slow, or the new visitor im patient, and there was another peal along the passages. Sam was under the hall table now. The old servant came across the hall, looking sourer than ever. 'More company, Zachary,' said Mr. Grindle ; ' are your beds all aired ? ' Zachary's face might have expressed dis gust, but that was its usual expression, and he was too muoh afraid of the lawyer to reply, or, perhap's, too intensely indignant. He opened the door, however, and a tall young man inquired for Mr. Joseph Simpson. '? Your name, sir, if you please,' baid Zachary. It must have been a great satis i action to him to answer by a counter ouestion, for the gentleman was evidently impatient. 'Mr. Harrison.' Zachary vouchsafed no verbal answer, but allowed him to walk in. George caught sight of Mr. Grindle as he was retreating, and addressed his next question to him. 'I beg your pardon, sir, but you no doubt can tell me — is Mary — is Miss Simpson here with her father ?' ' Well,' sari the lawyer, after taking a rapid survey of his questioner, which ap peared satisfactory, for there was something less of irritation in his tone — ' I think I may say she is. Had she run away V ' Sir!' said George, firing up. ' Oh ! no offence, I beseech you ; but really the family movements are rather puzzling. You see this young gentleman — eh ! what's become of him now V Reassured by George Harrison's well known voice, Samuel took courage to emerge from under the table. George looked, if possible, more puzzled than Mr. Grindle. » ' Well,' said the latter, in a tone that implied he gave the thing- up altogether, '1 think I'll goto bad — yive me a candle, Zachary. You'll find Mr. Siiupsou in theie.' . Mary had laid all her giiefs before hex father. Her mother's violence was not so overwhelming to him as is had been to her. He wns more really vexed, though ho did not say so, at Mary's imprudent step than at his wife's foolish language ; a few hasty words more or less would have mtule very little impression upon good humoured Mr. Simpson. But he was not; in love, hiul not heard blsisphomy spoken against his idol, as poor Mary had. He soothed and comforted her us well as ha could, though he was sadly at a 'Joss iqx words; it would all come right by-and-by. I At all events Mary and George had his consent, and they must be patient ; but he ended by wishing with her that cousin John's property had gone somewhere else. ' We wasn't rich, Mary, but we was very comfortable as we was.' ' Oh yes, dear father, oh yes !' and Mary began to sob again, though the tears were not so bitter ; when she started at the sound of a voice and a step in the hall, and grew as pale again as marble. Why was it, that when George entered the room, she turned from him and hid her face on her father's shoulder, in stead of flying mto his arms for shelter as she had longed to do n few hours ago ! He had left town the instant he received her note — so hurried and incoherent that he scarcely gathered more from it than that she was in trouble, and that he should find her with her father at Barton End. Had she asked him to come to her ? — she could not remember now ; had she done wrong 1 — she began to fear it now. Mr. Simpson held out his hand at once, and would have transferred his daughter at once to one who was probably more at home, or at least had more modern experience, in such scenes than himself; but Mary clung close, and never looked up or spoke. Again the hall bell rang ; not so loud this time j but Harrison had left the dining room door open, and Sam, once more in a state of alarm, rushed in to his bewildered parent, and exclaimed, 'Oh. father, lather i here's a. carriage drove up 1' ' I'll bet a shilling,' said Mr. 8impBon, ' it's your mother, Polly ! Never mind, my girl, cheer up, cheer up.' Mary looked up, and put her hand in George's. Nobody thought of Sara j but he felt great comfort at the suggestion. Chains and bolts were withdrawn, amidst audible mutterings from Zachary. It was not a lady's voice ; it was not Mrs. Simp son, for Samuel rushed out to. see, and came back looking more scared than ever. Old Zachsry looked into the room, with a hideous smile, and announced very dis tinctly — Mr. John Simpson ! A stout, dark-complexioned, but good humoured-looking man walked full into the middle of the room, and bowed com prehensively to all the party, with some thing of foreign grace— at least without English awkwardness. He looked as little alarming as a man of sis feet, with a good deal of hair about him, could well do; but it may be supposed that the company were not a little startled. Certainly few gentlemen were ever so received in their own house. Mary felt inclined to scream, but only broke into a low hysterical laugh. He seemed to enjoy their intense astonish ment. ' Ha ! ha !' he burst out at last, for no one else spoke — ' quite a family party, I conclude. Gome, I'll tell you what — I'm glad to see you all; I've not seen a soul of my own name or kin for fifteen years — don't look strange at me because I'm come home.' ' John !' said his oousin, finding voice at last — ' John ! I'm heartily glad to see you — welcome home !' The other looked at him for a moment — tbey were keener eyes than Mr. Joseph Simpson's. ' Joe,' said he— there was no mistaking the honest face — ' Joe, I believe it !' And he dashed his hand into his cousin's, and turned his head aside for a moment— perhaps to look at Sam. ' I'm very sorry, Joe ; not sorry you've been disappoined. I called at Grindles', and they told me all about. Never mind, Joe ; the old place shall be a home for you and yours; and you'll forgive me for com ing back.' Mr. Joe Simpson made no reply ; he never waB a good hand at speeches. He turned his head away, now; probably to see what Mary was about. 'That's your daughter, Joe/' continued Mr. John, who was much She most at home, as he had best right to be ; 'I never thought any of our lot would have shown so much blood. Gad, what a sweat sight it is to see an English girl's face 1' And he pro ceeded to mark his appreciation of the opportunity by a very emphatic kiss, for which he made a very proper apology, but Mary would have been quite content without it. ' And this your eldeBt son — how these young ones run up ; an't an atom like you, Joe, my boy ! but a very fine young fellow ;' and he shook Georgo heartily by the hand, to which George as heartily responded ; he had not the least objection to be taken for one of the family. ' But what's this, my dear,' said he to Mary, from whom in truth he had hardly taken off hie eyes — ' wbat/a this ? vou've been crying !' What could poor Mary do, but cry again ? His voice was so kind ; he looked so inquiringly into her eyes; he took her hand so gently. This was cousin John ! Oh, how glad she was there was to be no more rejoicing over his money ! ' I shan't cry any more now you are come back,' Bhe said. ' Now, no humbug,' said cousin John ; 'you didn't cry for me, you know; what's this all about, eh ?' He waa told all about it. In half an hour, cousin John and his heirs-expectant were the best friends in the world. He was taken into everybody's confidence; wha1; he whispered to Mary no one ever knew, unless she has told George Harrison now they are married. He promised to go back with Sam to school, and to skin Yardy, if necessary, in case a magnificent supper to the whole fraternity of Lindley House should not be found sufficient (combined with a quiet hint to the doctor) to insure Sam's future popularity without having recourse to that extremo measure. By the time the faithful Zachary had in formed Mr. Grindle of his principal's arrival in fleBh and blood, and »,hat gentle man had made himself up to come down stairs again, cousin John Simpson had been restored to his own without a heart burning or a grudge from any one of his dispossessed relations. Over Mrs. Simp son's and Augusta's disappointment we prefer to draw a veil. They bore it like women, and said they 'always knew cousin John would turn up again.' ' You haven't told us, Mr. John,' said Grindle, ' how this strange mistake arose, after all ?' 'It comes of doing things by halves;' and he took a colonial newspaper out of his pocket, and pointed out this paragraph to Mr. Grindle. ' On the 11th ult., at Point de Galle, Ceylon, on the voyage home, John Simp son, Esq., her Majesty's Consul at Tranque bar, to Celestine Sophie, relict of the late Count de Leon Savigny, Colonel in the Austrian Service.' ' They put in only half the announce ment, you see, and so it got among the deaths, and was copied into the English papers. I made them print it here with an apology. It was rather a sudden thing,' continued Mr. John, ' and I couldn't come off at once by the Formosa ; I only landed last night. She'B a very fine woman, and can't speak a word of Eng lish, so there'll be no family qnarrels, Joe ; and mind what I say — here's a country house for you and yours as long $8 it stands.' Mr. and Mrs. John Simpson have no family ; they are on the best termB with all their London cousins; and Mr. and Mrs. George Harrison are their constant guests. 