Some English Ghosts. There is at any rate one ghost in Lon don, for the first Lord Holland Is said to walk the Sir Joshua Room In Hol land House with his head In his hand -a very fashionable ghostly proceeding -on certain nights of the year; and it Is a known fact that there are many houses which never have ,been let, never are let, and never w-ill be let for any length of time on account of uncanny tradltlons associated with them. The people who take these houses are ready enough to stay, but no servants will stay, and so they are driven elsewhere. No stranger to 1?psom .was ever shown Pit lace lby a native without being told the "Wicked" Lord Lyttelton's ghost-story-the .white bird which flut tered at his window on the night of 24th Noverobcer, 1779, changing into a white-robed woman, who approached the .foot of his bed, and told him that ihe would be dead in three days, which ar Inluly happened. Sussex, which of all the home counties has retained its old characteristics the lmost, has a good many ghosts who are still realities in the eyes of the rustics of that little-visited district, which was once the centre of ?ngland's Iron indus try. There is old Oxenhridge of Brode Place. 'There is t'he headless man of St. Leonard's For-est, known as Squire Pau lett, who jlumps upon the crupper of a horseman enterrling the forest, and re mains there until clear of it. There is the Drulmmer of Ilurstmonelenux, Blaelk dogs-a favorlite shape assumed by ghosts all over England-haunt all dark lalnes and lone by-roads, and under many a seqrestered wooden bridge a headless womaln may be seen spinning ; whlilt on the old cattle-rond between Kingston, near Lewes, and the Marshes, known as tile Drove Way. a goblin many he seen on any dark, wild night, In cessantly spinning chllarcoal ! The same species of " general" ghosts, as they may he called, is recorded by Mr. Rye, the Norfolik topographer, to ihe strongly developed in 'his county. There Is the pale, long-haired woman, who runs shricking amongst the pits on Aylmerton IIeath. Thern Is tile creat black " Sllek Dog" -thre 'word " S?huek" said to mean the devil--who at Coltishall Bridge is head less, and at Snlhouse has a 'blazing eye in the centre of llis ,forrnend. and who has a brnther at Peel Castle in tilhe Tasle of alan. the spirit of a nmurdered pris oner. knolwn as the Martlile 'Dog. Bu1t the ihstorical ghollnsts.are more interest inc rhteetrs of stuldy. In this same coun ty of Norfolk, says Mr. Rlye, young Lord Dacre, who was mlrdlered in 1G65 by his guarldian. Sir Rtehard Fulmerston, who arranged that a rocking-horse on which tile boy sat should fall, still prances ahout on a (headless, of course) rocking-horse. Anne Boleyn still rides downl tie avenue of Bullckling Park once a year, in n .hearse-like conch, drawn by.four rheadlees holes, and driven by a headless driver, witll her head In her lap; and hier father, Sir 'Tlmans,,does the same thing. At Caistor Castle there Is another coach and headless team, and yet another near Great Mel ton.- This last rise from a pool every midday and midnight, and with its load of four headless, drlipping, white-robed ladies'passes slowly round 'the field and sinks again; and tradition says that at thls spot, long ago. a bridal party were upset into -this pool and 'never "seen again. Then there Is the Dray Lady of Rain ham-not to be confounded with the Brown Lady of Rnainham in Durham hllo represents Landy Dorothy Walpole, forced, It is said, to marry Lord Towns end in 1713. A fltrmly helieved-n coaoh-ghost Th that of Lady HToward, dartlhter. and heiress of Sir .Tohn Fitz of Fitzford. In Devonshlire, about 1000. who. Mr. Bar Ine-?lotid says, travels nightly from Okehbampton Castle to IPltzford Gate, Tavistoek, in a coach of bones,: pre ceded by a phantom 'cldog. Gabriel 'Craddock is a. well-known Frs sex ghost. He was famous in the mid rile of tile last century as :Terry Lynch bthe highwayman, who with the pro co?ds of his exp?loits, blilt Lnpwater Tall. near Leigh, so called because, upon the application of the workmen for drin'k, he bide them "lap -water." He was run to earth In his new house, woundedt, and drowned in the pond to which he had directed tile thirsty work men's attention. and aIe is still bel!evedl to he seen on wild nights, bandy-legged, and mounted on an earless mare. fleeing from lils pursulers as they came from Shenfleld, Tngrave, Horndon, Lanlndon, and Pitsen. Mannington Hall, the residence of the nalpoles, Earls of Orford,'l as ts ghostly assolnations. Horatio, second earl, removed all the tombstones- of the Sealmers, tile former possessors ,of the Hall, from WIcmimere Church, and one of the burled ladies is still believed to walk ronn'd the churchryard. To atone for the sacrilege. every Earl of Orford at his burial was drivan Inlhis hearse three times round Wlckmnere Chrllrchl before being finally laid to rest. Very well known Is the stile at Little cote. near M3arlhorough, on the old Bath road. nrwher t Wild Darrell, tile principal In the terrlbly weird tragedy at ,little coteTTall.lsstlll h elieve to be seen, fol. lowed by iris Ihowllg hIournds. ri on thre day when he met his deathl here rltllng iannlly along, reckless inl Ils con science torture; and confronted iby the apparition of aRhale 'hnrltllring il.na ilale. All tlhe unrappy ' ladis ' t lofhistory " walk": Arnn of Cleves paces Iii, and lown tlhe gallery lrlearrlng her nannle In Hover Castle: Fair Rorsamnltld walks nrl ire river-halk atl Godstoiw : Anmy Rorhsurt on the side of Carlnnr : Mary, Qrleer of Scots. at Fotherlrnrdray. At Apethrorlr. thre Earl of Wesltrnorrlandr seat in 'Norlh-l IamIptoshireii. lady Grace. wife of thie flirst earln. walks In a corri dor, scatlier-ing slivr penlnhes as silh goes l utr tihe penrnies are air. and woe to hiin who liiie to test tietr solldlly so say, anl irrornaly irolieve, tile good folk arollrlnd. Ill thie ronlarlie North mirrtttry these poor darres aolnllldt. 'tlhere is tihe lBrown l Tadly of Ilrllrninit-stialely In colf and -irih hroade. hiln eyeless. ''There Is " Slky" of Denitne llll. near Nowensle, Inll a fiOrlt'era, lonIC-wristerl sntill n crwn andil a s tlinlll"nil. Thelrr' Is the White lady of Shlnttra ('nhstl,' fLady lrtwenrlwalrtel of llsiton r':lsrtlr: the (t'ay Wnnran of WVVlttrgtot : lleg of elrlitio in r ibrond allt l:ithe trhtlle tlady I1Penkilnsaop. whti still VwaIs over n chrest of gohl. tilt P'is el of ill thie Iun-i hqirtiness of her riarried life. enrrr imultIs allis. '1ihe famunts otirld Larntl of Hyltoll, on the river Wer?l,. wi.s only "lainil" drlnrrg thie ilst enlirnry. Iult hiis wafrt, "I'm calll ! i I'i carnl " has beei swor In i as lheanrd a a il much it'er date I lIe was tint qlilln a stoek ghost of ithe silenlt, glling type, Irit was more of a barnwnle or pixie, working hard in tlie kitchen duringi the night if tire nmales were sltggards-very iuIrchi con trary to the nsual rule of his kind, The Gray Manl of Beliater Is another well-known North Oonstry ghost, Ila original was a wandering castle, which is near IIltwhistle on the South Tyne. was admitted. and pleased the Rlenkinop owner for a time, until he got susPeeiCni lhat the poor old gray-clad singer was a spy from a neighbour baroln with whom he was at fend. The minstrel got wind that he was suspected, and sti?e away. Rlenkinsop sent bloodhounds after him, and he was torn to pieces. This hap pened in 1470. and the tGray Man is still spoken of in a district by no means behind the nage in refinement. In telligence, nod oducation. ICorihy 'as tle. near Carlisle, has been modernieed. but in its wainscoted, tapestried "Ghost Room" the Radiant Boy still walks. At Chtllingham nastle in Northumber land there was also a Radiant Boy, un til the skeleton of a boy found in one of the bedroom walls. not very long ago;, was bnrled, and then lie disappeared ; and at Contham in Yorkshire. ponlllar tradition speaks of a shining child who vanishes when iplumud. Apropos of ghostly children, a pretty tradition Is connected with a certain West Country lhinse, to the effect that every cold morning is seen on the win. dow the scribbling of little fingers. not to bhe effaced by any amount of rubbing. -"Chanmbers's Journal." Abridged. 