MY CHINAMAN. I picked up Ah Lu in Shanghai. Although a mere youth, he had been in the service of an Englishman for some years. He came to me with excellent. cre dentials. And I had no reason to repent of his coming, lie was quick, attentive, neat and ever ready, and served me excellently. When I come to London I brought Lu with me. Here I found him of even greater service than in China. He was scrupulously honest, and I had the greatest confidence in him. My business took mc frequently into the -country. Sometimes 1 was ab sent from town days together. I never felt the least hesitation in leaving Lu alone in my fiat. I knew that when I returned I should find everything exactly as I had left it. It was whilst travelling one day that J came across a queer case in an evening paper. It wa3 an account of a curious robbery in a-60uth-wcstcrn suburb. A . respectable city man going home late at night was waylaid, lie described his assailant as a woman in black. The creature offered some thing for sale. Tlic man refused, and passed on. . Then, to . use his own words, "something was thrown in his face," and he lost consciousness. He was discovered later on by a policeman sitting on the pavement, dazed and half asleep. . lie was un injured, but every valuable In his possession had gone. A fortnight later a similar, affair was reported to have happened in a street inlhcBayswaterdistrict; In this case, the man assaulted Iiad grappled with the woman, whom he described as of slender build and youthful appearance. It was very dark, 'how- ever, and he could give no further description of her dress or appearance. The same procedure had been gone through in this case as in the other. There was the throwing of the powder, the uncon sciousness, the discovery. by a policeman and the disappearance of money and jewellery. A month elapsed, and then came news of a third occurrence, agreeing in similar particulars, which was reported as having happened in the Blooms- bury neighborhood. Tlic papers now began to. take the matter up, and articles headed "Who is the Mysterious Wo man in Black?" appeared in several dailies. JJetce- \- tives were set to watch by the dozen, and private individuals joined in aiding them. But nothing further happened, interest began to fade, and the scare stood a good chance of fizzling out, when London was stirred from its sleep by the news, that a fourth robbery bad taken place in the neighbor hood of Putney. In this case, the roan assaulted had made a vigor, ous effort to defend himself, but the mysterious powder had done its work, and lie had fallen a victim exactly as the others had done. Loudon was now really aroused, and the report of yet a fifth case, following closely on the fourth, set Scotland Yard by the ears, and caused a run on dealers in loaded canes and revolvers. I had been at home some days when I received a telegram calling me to Birmingham. I told Lu to pack a portmanteau, and telling him I should not be back for a day or two, I bailed a cab and drove full speed to Euston. There was a block, caused by a fire, and I arrived in time to acc the train steam out of the station. I decided to go by an early train the next morning. I therefore book ed my trunk and returned home. Taking a short cut home tlirough some dnilc and ill lighted streets, I suddenly came face to face with a woman in black, her face partly veiled and holding in her hands a few boxes of matches. In a moment I realised that I was face io face with the Mystery of the Moment. Without a se cond's hesitation I made up my mind how to act. I passed along quickly and then wheeled round. 1 saw' her hand move to a little bag which hung sua- pended to her -wrist, and then with a quick move ment alio threw something. I closed my eyes and mouth, clenched my nostrils, and making a side ward movement, escaped the powder. Pretending to be overcome by it, however, I rolled on the pave- ment. Once down I feigned insensibility. I soon felt tlie creature's nimble fingers searching my pockets. 1 did not move a muscle. 1 scarcely breathed, lt was a trying ordeal, but I got through it somehow. Having relieved me of all portable property of value she departed, softly and silently as a ghost." I waited until she had gone some distance and then followed her. Tlirough street after street-I tracked her, always keeping well in the rear. Presently, to my astonishment, we. emerged into the square in which the block of mausions where I resided was situated. Then, to my horror and as tonishment, the woman made for my llut, whipped out a key aud entered. I waited a moment to steady myself, and then entered. Ah Lu, smiling a cheerful welcome, came for ward. - "Lu," I said, speaking in Chinese, "there is a woman in here." Lu's almond eyes opened and he Rhook his head. "It is no good lying. I saw her come in." Lu's eyes opened still wider. "Come with me," I said, "and we'll search tlic place together." He came willingly, smiling n smile of gentle commiseration, I examined every nook aud cranny and found nothing, Lu all the while smiling aa blaudly as ever. It was puzzling.— Then of a sudden some thing fell jiugling to the ground. It was adittlc sovereign purse which I usually wore attached' to my chain. Lu saw it also, and he made a grab for it. ' That gave the thing away. ' ' With the rapidity of a flash of lightning 1 solved the mystery. That night I handed Ah Lu over to the police. With him went a trunk full of feminine garments and stolen valuables. Mine were not included in the number. I am not taking any more Chinese servants, even when accompanied by the highest credentials.— "Pelican/ 