, A Cluster 1 of Camphir e. Sermon iiy Rev.- Dr. Talmagk.' , My Beloved is to mo as a cluster of caniphiro -in the vineyards of Engcdi.— Song of Solomon i. 14-. _ ' OLOMON'S Song has 5 been considered by many as fit only for moonstruck senti mentalists ; written by a. voluptuary,' the story of a man crazt i by a fair maiden ; fit neither for family prayers nor for church. Indeed, we must admit that there were years in Solomon's life when he had' several hundred more wives than he was entitled to; but ho repented of his sin, and God chose him to writo some of the best things about Christ that have ever been written. Besides that, 'I think the criticism of modern times upon the im modesty of the Biblo comes with poor grace from a century in which the writings of George Sand como to their fortieth edition, and Christians cannot get to the prayer mooting because they have tickets 'for places of depraved amusements. I think, moreover, as far as I can see, that there aro things turned out upon tlie community to-day that bid fair to do more damage than the Song ,of Solomon. Hear, now, one of his fresh and fair descrix>tions of Tesus. If I had twenty years to preach, I would like to employ ten in bringing out to observation thoso . representations of Christ that Iiafe as yet been passed by. I do not know why the x>ulpit should hover over a few types of Christ when there are so many symbols of Jesus that have never been discoursed upon. Why should we employ all our time in examining a few lilies, when the Biblo is a great garden tilled with fuchsias, and with daffodils, and with amaranths, and with evening primroses for the close of life's day, and crocuses at the foot of the snow-bank of sorrow, and heart's-easc for the troubled, and passion flowers planted at the foot of a cross, and morning glories spreading out under the splendours of the breaking dayV Some years ago I discoursed to you about " the whito hairs of Jesus," and some of the newspapers supposed it was a mere fancy of my own, not knowing that in Revelation i. 14 the Bible speaks thus- of Christ, "His head and his hairs were white liko wool, as white as snow" — sym bolising the eternity of Jesus. Terraced on tho side of the mountain were the vine yards of Engedi. Oh, they were street places! From a shelving of tho mountain 400ft. high, waters came down in beautiful baptism on the faces of the leaves ; the grapes intoxicated with their own wino ; . pomegranates with juices bursting from the rind; all fruits, aud flowers, and aro matic woods — among the sweetest of these the camphire plant of the text. Its flowers are_ in clusters— graceful, fragrant, sym bolical of Jesus; for "my Beloved is unto me as -a cluster of camphire from tho vine yards of Engedi." I will carry out the idea of my text, and show you that this camphire plant of the text was a symbol of Chrisfbeeause of its fragrance: If I had a branch of it and should wave it in your midst, it would fill alt the house with its redolence. The camphor, as we have it, is offensive to some; but tho camphire plant of tho text had a fragrance gracious to all. The vine yards of Engedi bathed in it — the branches, the buds, the blossoms, dripping with sweetness, typical of the sweetness of Christ. The- name of Csesar means power; the. name of Herod mean3 cruelty ; the namo of Alexander means conquest; the nnino of Demosthenes means eloquence; the name of Milton means poetry; the name of Benjamin. West means painting; the name of Phidias . means sculpture ; the namo of Beethoven means music ; the name of Howard means reform; but the name of Christ means love. It is the sweetest name that ever melted from lip or heart. As yon open an old chest that has long beeu closed, tho first thing that strikes you is the perfume of the herbs that wero packod amid the clothing. So thoro are hundreds of hearts here which, if opened, would first offer to you the name of Jesus. Havo you not seen HiinV Through the dark night of your sin has He not Unshed upon your vision? Beauti ful when Ho comes to help, beautiful when Ho comes to save. A little child was crying very much during the time of an eclipse. It got so dark at noon that she was afraid, and kept sobbing, and could not tie silenced, until after a while the sun came out again, and she clapped her hands, and joyfully said, "Oh, the sun ! the sun !" Some of .us havo been in the darkness of our sin ; eclipse has passed over our soul; but after a while the Suu of Righteousness poured His beams ' upon our hearts, and we cried, " Tho sun ! the Klin I1. l(pn.tifi'fiil ilnwti In t.lm «l-iii w ttf flm Bethleltem khan ! Beautiful in His mother's shawl, a fugitive to Egypt ! Beautiful with His feet in tho Galilean surf! 'Beautiful with the children about His neck! Beau tiful in the home circle of Bethany 1 Fairer than the sons of men ; dayspring from on high; light for those who sit in darkness; roso of Sharon ; lily of the valley — alto gether .lovely I Oh, Ho is such a sin- pardoner, such a trouble-soother, such a wound-binder, such a grave- breaker, that the. faintest pronunciation of His- namo rouses up all tho incense of the garden and all the perfume of the tropics,' while the soul) in affection, cries out, " My Beloved . is unto mo as a cluster of camphire from the vineyards of Engedi." But how shall I talk of tho sweotness of Christ's pardon to those who have never felt it; of tho sweetness of His comfort to those who have relused His promiso ; of the sweet ness of His face to - those who havo turned their back upon His love? Now, a great many people may think this, is merely sickly sentimentality. Jonathan Edwards was a cooi man. Ho was harsh in some of his opinions ; - he was nover afflicted with any sentimental ardour ; and yet; when the name of Christ was mentioned, it threw him into a transport. Paul was a cool logician, with nerves unshaken in the Mediterranean shipwreck, a granitic nature, v comfortablo with the wholo world against him, shaking his fist in the face of the governments of earth and the forces of darkness ; yet tho thought of Christ thrilled him, overwhelmed him. John Kiiox was unbending in his nature. The flash of his indignation made tho Queen sliivor and Duchess quako; yet ho sat down as a little child at' the feet of Jesus. But I remark further: This camphire plant of the text was a symbol of Christ iu the fact that it gives colouring. From tho Mediterranean to tho Ganges tho people of the East gathered it, dried the leaves, pulverised them, and then nsert them as a' dye for beautifying garments or their own x>ersohs. It . was that fact that gave the camphire plant of the text its commercial value in the time of , King Solomon : a . typo of my Lord Jesus,. who beautifies and adorns.' and colours everything He touches. I have no faith in that- man's conversion whoso "religion does: not colour his' entire 'life! It was intended so: to do. ' If » man has the graco of God in his heart, it ought to show itself ill tho life. The' trouble is, mon do not tuko their religion with them. The . merchant leaves it outside tho coun ter, lest it disturb tho goods. The house keeper will not let her religion trail its robes in the kitchen, on washing day. The philosopher will not let his religion come n amid' tho batteries, lest it get a galvanic shook. Bus I tell you, unless your re ligion goes with you everywhere, it goes nowhere. That religion was intended to colour all' tho heart und the life. But, mark you, it was a bright colour. For tho most part it was an ornngo dye' made ot this camphiro plant, one of the most bril liant of all tho colours;.. and. so the religion of Jesus Christ casts no blackness or gloom upon - the soul. It brightens up 'everything: There is no-moro religion in a funeral than there is in a wedding ; no more 'religion in tears than in smiles. David wus.no better" when he said-he cried out of the depths of hell, than he was when ho said that liis mouth was filled with laughter and his tongue with singing. Tho best men. that , I have evar known luive laughed the loudest . Religion 'was intended to brighten up all'our character. Take out the sprig of cypress from your coat and. put in a " cluster of camphire from the vineyards of Engedi," Religion's "ways are ways of pleasantness, and all her paths are peace." I have always found it so, and hundreds- iu this house have always found it so. I remark again, that the camphiro plant was a symbol of Jesus Christ because it is a mighty restorative. You know that thero is nothing that starts respiration so soon in ono who has -fainted as camphor, as wo liavo it. Put upon a sponge or hand kerchief, the effects are almost immediate. Well, this camphiro plant - of tho text, though somewhat different from that which - wo' have, was a pungent aromatic, and in that respect it becomes a typo of our Lord Jesus Christ, who .is the mightiest of all restoratives. I have carried this camphire riant into the sick room, after the doctors tad held their consultation and said there was no hope and nothing more could lie done, and the soul brightened up under the spiritual restorative. There is no fever, no marasmus, no neuralgia, no consump tion, no possiblo disease of the body, that tho graco of God will not help. I wish that over every bed of pain and through ever' hospital of distress we might swing this " cluster of camphire from tho vine yards of Engedi." Christ's hand is the softest pillow. Clirist'ti pardon is the strongest stimulus, Christ's comfort is the mightiest anodyne, Christ's salvation is the grandest restorative. It makes a man mightier than his physical distress. "Art thou weary?- Art thou languid? Art thou sore distressed? 'Come to ine,' saith One — 'and, coming, ho at rest.' If I" ask Him to receive me, will He say me nay? ' Not till earth, and not till heaven, pass away. Finding, following, keeping, struggling, is He sure to bless? ; Saints, apostles, prophets, martyrs, answer —Yes!"' This grace is . also an efficient restorative for the backsliding. " Whom do yon mean by that?" you say. I mean you who used to frequent the house of God, lint seldom go there now ; you who once used to' pray, iut never pray how ; you who once sat at tho holy" communion, but take not the Lord's cup'now ; I mean you who once rejoiced in Christian society, but now sit amid scoffers. Backslider 1 Oh, what a suggestive . word ! Backslider ! ' From what havo you slid back? You have slid back from your father's faith, from your early good habits. You have been sliding hack from Christ, from the cross— sliding back from heaven. When-a man begins to slide he knows not where ho will go.' You have been sliding back towards dark ness; back toward an unblessed grave, to ward a precipice, the first ten million miles of which downward are only a small part of the eternal plunge. You were, perhaps, professors in the country; you have made shipwreck 'in the town. It may he that the club' blighted you; it may be that fash ionable society destroyed you ; it may be the land of w'ifo whom you married. Ycni have no more hope for heaven now than if you had lived in Central Asia and never heard of Christ and the judgment. Oh, where is that Bible you used to road? Where is that room where you 'used to' pray? What have you done with that Jesus whoso voice you once heard? Oh, murdered hours ! Oh, massacred privi leges ! Oh, dead opportunities ! Wake up now and shriek- in that man's ear until he shall rouse himself from the horrible som nambulism, walking as he does, fast asleep, within an inch of hell 1 Oh, that he might cry .out now, " Golden Sabbaths, como back! Communion seasons, come back! Wooings.of the Holy Ghost, come back!" But they, will not come. Gone! gone! gone! Sorrow will come, but' not they. Oh, that you might save the few remaining years of your life, and conse crate them to Christ! 