SIR ARTHUR SULLIVAN REBUKED. The following good story is told of Sir i Arthur Sullivan. Sometime ago, when a change in the cast of one of his operas had been made. Sir Arthur, who happened to be dining at the Savoy Hotel, dipped away for a few minutes from the table, and went into the theatre to the upper circle, there to hear and judge for himself as to the capabilities ' cf the new artiste. As the play proceeded, j and a favourite score in the opera was token the talented composer unconsciously com- ' mencod to hum the refrain as be desired it . to be rendered. This considerably i nnoyed bis next door neighbour, who abruptly re- ' marked, ' Excnse ine, sir, if I mention the ' fact that I have paid my money to hear Sir Arthur Sullivan's eharmiug opera as given by the company, and not your confounded humming.' — Sir Arthur returned to bis din- ' net and related the incident with great gusto. . i ? : ? . I ' Nastasie, how many times must I tell ' yon not to look at men ?' ' But, mamma, they always look first.' V She (coming up suddenly) : Where did that wave go ? He (coughing and strangling): I swallowed it V As Boon as a man is comfortably settled at* reading on Sunday, hie wife finds out that ' he is occupying the corner that she has not swept. *??? Fond Mrnnma : Bobby, Bobby, whatever makes you so restless ? Bobby : Having to keep still so much, I suppose. *? What is your profession ?' ' I write — poems, novels, romances, plays etc' ' And what do you live on ?' ? -V She.: Oar minister does not jump at con clusions. He : I should say not I never knew him to reach a conclusion in less than an hour. V Mrs. Slenderbuild (flattered) : Why, my littioman, do you think I could tell you a good ghost story 1 Boy : Because you look so much like a skeleton. V Sawdust is' turned into tii'.ns.iort&ble; fuel in Germany by a very simple process. It is heated under high steam pressure until the resinous ingredients become sticky, when it is prettied into bricks. One man, with a two home power machine, can turn out 9,000 . bricks a day. J 