SALOMEY JANE'S ' KISS. By BRET HARTE. j Continued front Saturday's' issue. PART II. Nevertheless,1 that night, after her father had gone to bed, Salomy Jane sat by the open window of the sitting ' room in an apparent attitude of languid contemplation, but alert and intent of eye and ear. It was a fine moonlight night. Two pines near the" door-solitary pickets bf the serried ranks of distant forest-cast long .shadows like paths to the cottage, and sighed their spiced breath in the shadows. For there was no frivolity of vine or flower round Salomv Jane's bower. The clearing was too recent, the life too practical; for vanities like thèse. But the moon added à vague elusiveness to everything, softened thé rigid outlines of the sheds, gaye shadows to the lidness windows, and _ ' touched' with merciful indirectness the hideous debris of refuse gravel and the gaunt scars of burnt vegeta- tion before the door. *E«/en'-Salomy ? Jane was affected by it, and exhaled something between a sigh and a . .yawn with the breath of the pines. Then she suddenly sat upright. j Her quick ear had caught a faint .. * click, click' in the: direction of the wood ; her quicker instinct and rustic training enabled her- to determine -that it was the ring of a horse's shoe . ' on flinty ground ; her knowledge of the locality told her it came from the spot- where the trial passed over an outcrop of flint scarcely a quarter of a mile from where shè sat-and within the clearing. It was no errant stock,' for the ' shoe was shod with ' iron ; it was a mounted trespasser by night, and boded no good to a man . like Clay. > .'She rose, threw her shawl over her head more for disguise than shelter, > and passed out of the door. A sudden impulse made her seize her father's > shotgun from the corner where it ' stood:-not that she feared any danger to herself, but that it was an , excuse. She made directly for the . wood,' keeping in the shadow of the pines as long as she could. At the fringe she halted ; whoever was there must pass her before: reaching the house. . '.. '? ; Then there seemed to be a suspense of all nature.' Everything was dead- ly still-e ven the moonbeams appear . ed - no longer tremulous ; then there was a rustle as of some stealthy animal among the ferris-and then a . dismounted : man stepped into the moonlight; It was the horse-thief j the man she had kissed ! ' :\ ' ; For a wild moment a strange fäncy < seized her usually sane intellect, and :> vstirred - her temperate ; blood.- The news they had told her was not true ?'" -he had been hanged, and this was . hisr ghost ! He looked as white and -»-,?«. spirit-like in the moonlight dressed r in the same clothes as when she saw him last. He had evidently seen her . approaching,-, and moved quickly to meet her. But in his haste he stum > v bled slightly-she reflected suddenly v that ghosts did not stumble-and a v feeling of relief came over her. And it was uo assassin of her father thät ? had been prowling around - only .this unhappy fugitive. A momentary , ??? ? ! color came into Iber cheek ; her cool- aness and hardihood returned ; it was ; - with a tinge of sauciness in her voice . ¿that she said . ' (* I reckoned you were a ghost.' 1 ' . '.' I must have been,' he said, looking at her fixedly; 'but I reckon I'd have ' come back here all the same. ... ' ' It's a little riskier comm back . -alive,' she said with a levity that died on her lips, for a singular ner ; vöu'sness, half fèar and half expecta ition, was beginning to take the place of her relief of a moment ago. * Then *'it was you who was prowlin' round -. and makin' tracks in the far pasture?' 'Yes ; I came straight here when I got away.' She felt his eyes were burning her, but u did ' not. dare to ? raise her own. ..' Why-' she began-hesitated, aïïd fended vaguely.' ; 'How did you get ' here?' ."' ?";";:. '".; " '? " * You helped me.' ,«I?\ . v.- ?' - ( 1 ' Yes. That kiss you gave me put life into mè-7-gaye me strength to get away.: I, swore .to myself I'd come ?back and thank you-alive or dead.' . Every word he said she could havè 'anticipated, so plain the situation ' seemed to her now. And every word ; he said she knew was the truth. Yet her cool common sense struggled .against it. 1 . V ,.,,'. What's the use of your escaping, ef .you're comin' back here to be ketched \- again?' she said pertly. 1 He drew a little nearer to her, but seemed to her the more awkward as \- she resumed her self-possession. His .voice, too, was; broken as if by ex- haustion, as * he said, catching his breath at intervals': . ?"? ' ';I'll telTyou.^'You did morefor me than you think. 'You made anothei man o' nie. I never had a man woman, or child do to me what yot did. I never had a friend-only s pal like Red Pete, who picked me UT. . 'on the shares.1 I want to quit this yer-^hat I'm doin'. I want to begir by doin'the square thing to you,'he stopped, breathed hard, and ther said brokenly, ' My hoss is over thar staked out. I want to. give him tc you. Judge Boompointer will giv< you §1000 for him. I ain't lyin'-it's God's truth! I saw it on a handbill agin a tree. Take him, and I'll gel away afoot. Take him. It's th( . only thing I can do for you, and ] know it don't half pay for what yoi did. Take it-your father can get 1 reward for you-if you can't.' . Such were the ethics of this strang« locality that neither the man wht made the offer nor the girl to whon . it was made were struck by anything that seemed illogical or indelicate o: at ali inconsistent with justice or thi horse-thief's real conversion. Salomi Jane, nevertheless, dissented, fron another and weaker reason. 'I don't want your hoss-though '. reckon dad might-but you're jus starvin'. I'll get suthinV She turnet towards the house. \ ....... \ "I KILLED THE MAN," SAID DART, "THINKING HE "WAS HUNTING ME, AND FORGETTING I WAS DISGUISED." * Say, you'll take the hoss first,' he | said, grasping ; her hand. At the touch she felt herself colouring and I struggled, expecting perhaps another j kiss. But he dropped her hand. She turned again with a saucy ges- ture, and said, - Hoi' on j I'll come right back,* and-, slipped away-the mere shadow of .a coy and flying nymph in the moonlight-until she reached the house. . ' '. , Here she not only procured food and whisky, but added a long dust coat and hat of her father's to her burden. They would serve as a dis- guise for him and hide that heroic figure, which she thought everybody must now know as she did. Then she rejoined him, breathlessly. But j he put the food and whisky aside. 'Listen,' he said ; .' I've turned the hoss into your corral. You'll¡ find ¡ him there in the morning, ' and rio one will know, but that he got lost and joined the other hosses.' j Then she burst out, 'But you-you , -what will become of you. You'll be batched.' _ -j 'I'll manage to get away,' he said in a low voice, ' ef-ef-' ' Ef what ?' she said tremblingly^ ' Ef you'll put the' heart in me again-as you did ?' he gasped. She tried to laugh-to move away. She could do neither. Suddenly ne caught her in his arms, and with a long kiss, which she returned again, > Then they stood embraced as they had. embraced two days before, : but no longer the same. For the cool, lazy Salomy Jane had been trans- formed into another woman-a passionate, clinging savage. Perhaps something of her father's blood had surged within her at that supreme moment. The imán stood erect and determined. > - '.Wot's your name?' she whispered quickly. ,It was a woman's'quickest way of defining her feelings. 'Dart.' -.; ' Yer first name ?' 'Jack.' 'Let me go now, Jack. Lie low in the woods till to-morrow's sun-up. I'll come agin.' t He released tier. ' Yet she lingered a moment. * Put on those things,' she said with a sudden happy flash of eyes and teeth, ' and lie close till I come.' And then she sped away. But midway up the distance she felt her feet going slower and some- thing at her heart-strings seemed to be pulling her back. She stopped, turned, and glanced to where he had been standing. Had she seem him then, she might have returned. But he had disappeared. She gave her first sigh,, and then ran quickly again. It must be nearly 10 o'clock ! It was not very long to morning ! ; She was within a few steps of her own door when the sleeping, woods and silent air appeared to suddenly awake with a sharp * crack.' . She stopped paralysed. Another 'crack !' followed that echoed over to the far corral: She recalled her I self instantly, and dashed off wildly to the woods again. J As she'ran she thought of one j thing only. ;He had been ' dogged ' by one ''? of his old * pursuers and attacked. But there .were two shots and he was unarmed. ; Suddenly she remembered that she had left her father's - gun standing against the tree where : they were talking. Thank God ! she may again > have saved him. She ran to the tree ; the gun was gone. She ran thither and thitheg, dreading at every, step to fall upon his lifeless body. Anew thought struck her ; she ran to the corral. The horse Was not there ! He must have been able to regain ii and escaped-after the i shots -had been fired. She drew a long breath of relief, but it was caught up in ar apprehension of alarm. Her father awakened from~;his sleep by the shots, was -hurriedly approaching her. ' ' ? ' v 'What's up now, Salomy Jane? he'demanded, excitedly. ; * 'Nothin',' said the girl with ar effort. ' Nothing at least, that I cai find.' She was usually truthful because fearless, and a lie stuck ir her throat-but she was no lo'ngei fearless, thinking of him. . ' I wasn'1 abed, so I ran out as soon as I beare the shots fired,' she answered ir return to his curious gaze. ' And you've hid my gun some where where it can't i be found,' h< said reproachfully. ' Ef it was thai sneak Larrabee,, and he fired then shots to lure me out, he. might hav< potted me, without a show, a dozei times in the last five minutes.' She hadn't thought since of hei father's enemy! lt might indeec have been he'who had attacke< Jáck. But she made a quick po n of the suggestion. 'Run in, dad, run in and find th< gun-you've got no show out her« without it.' She seized him by th< shoulders from behind, shieldinj him from the woods, and hurriei him, half expostulating, hal struggling, to the house. . But there no gun was to be found. It was strange-it must have been mislaid in some corner ! Was he sure he had not left it in the barn ? But no matter now.' The danger was over-the Larrabee trick had failed -he must go to bed no w, and'in the morning they would make a search together.- , , .*., . : At the same time she had inwardly ! resolved to rise before him and make another search of the wood, and perhaps-fearful joy as she recalled her promise !-find him alive and well awaiting her ! Salomy Jane slept little that night, -nor did her father.- But toward morning he fell into a tired man's slumber until the sun was well up in the horizon. Far different was it with his daughter ; she lay with her face to the window, her head half lifted to catch ev.ery, sound-from the creaking of the sun- warped shingles /äboye her head to the' far off moan of the rising wind in the pine trees. : Sometimes she fell into a breathless, half ecstatic trance living over every moment of the stolen ' interview-feeling ¡ the fugi- tive's arin still around her, his kisses on her lips, hearing/his whispered voice in her ears-the birth of her hew life ! This was followed again by a period of agonizing dread-that he might even then, be lying, ebbing his life away, in thii woods with her name on his lips, and she resting here inactive-until she half started from, her bed to go to his succour. And this went on until a pale, opal glow came into the sky, followed by a still paler pink on the summit of the white Sierras, when she arose and hurriedly began to dress. Still so sanguine was her hope of meeting him that she lingered yet a moment to select the brown holland skirt and yellow - sun-bonnet - shé had worn when she first saw him. -And she had- only seen - him -twice ¡ Only twice ! It would be cruel, too cruel -riot to see him again. ^ : ; ; . She crept softly down- the stairs, listening to the long-drawn breath- ing of her father in his bedroom, and then, by the light of a fluttering candle, scrawled a'n'ote to him, beg- ging him riot to trust himself , out of the house until she returned from her search, and,, leaving , the note open on the table, swiftly- ran out into the growing day. Three hours afterward Mr. Madison Clay awoke to the sound of loud knocking. At first this forced, itself upon his consciousness as his daugh- ter's regular morning summons, and was responded to by a grunt of recognition and a nestling closer in the blankets. Then he awoke with a start and a muttered oath, remem- bering the events of last night, and his intention to get up early-and rolled, out of bed. Becoming aware by this time that the knocking was at the outer door, and hearing the shout of a familiar voice, he hastily pulled on' his boots, his jean trousers, and, fastening a single suspender over his shoulder as ne clattered downstairs, stood in the lower room. The door was open and waiting upon the threshold was his kinsman-an old ally in many a blood feud- Breckenridge Clay ! ?? ' You are a cool one, Mad,' said the latter , in half admiring indignation, 'What's up?' said the bewildered Madison. ' ' You ought to be, and scootin' oui o' this,' saidíiBréckenridge grimly ' It's all very well to ' kno w nothin', but here's Phil Larrabee's friends hev just picked him up, drilled through with slugs and deader nor £ crow, and- now they're lettin' loose Larrabee's two half brothers on you And you must go like a d-d fool ant leave these yer things behind you ir the brush,' he went on querulously lifting Madison Clay's dust coat, hat and shotgun from his horse, whicl stood saddled at the door. 'Luckily I picked 'em up in the woods comin here/ > Ye ain't got more than tim« to get over the State line and arnon; your folks thar af ore they'll be do wi on you. Hustle old man ! Wha are you gawkin' and starin' at." Madison Clay had stared amazei and bewildered -. horror-stricker The incidents of the past night fo the first time flashed upon hir clearly-hopelessly ! The shot, hi finding Saiomy Jane alone in th woods, her confusion and anxiety t rid herself of him, the disappearanc of the shotgun, and now this ney discovery of the taking of his ha and coat for a disguise! She ha killed Paul Larrabee in that disguise after provoking his first harmles shot ! She, his own child, Salom Jane, had disgraced herself by man's crime-had disgraced him b usurping his right, and taking mean advantage, by deceit, of a foe ' Gimme that gun,' he said hoarsel; Breckenridge, handed him the gu in wonder arid slowly _ gatherin suspicion. Madison examined nipp] and muzzle;' one barrel had bee f discharged ; it was. true. The gun I dropped from his'hand. .> * Look here, old man,'said Brecken- ridge, with a darkening face, ' there's bin no foul play here.; Thar's bin no hiring^of men, no deputyitb do this job. You did it fair and square yourself.' > "./,' ;. 'Yes, by God'.!' burst out Madison Clay in a hoarse voice. 'Who says I didn't?' Reassured, yet believing that Madison Clay had nerved himself for the act by an overdraft of' whisky, which had affected his memory., Breckenridge said curtly, 'Then wake up and lite out, ef ye want me to stand by you.' ' Go to thè corral and pick me out a hoss,' said Madison slowly, yet not without a certain dignity of manner. ' I've suthin' to say to Salomy Jane afore I go.' He was holding her scribbled note, which he had just discovered, in his. shaking hand.. - . '. : Struck' by his kinsman's manner, and knowing the'dépendent rela- tions of. father and daughter, Breckenridge nodded and1 hurried away. Left, to himself, Madison Clay ran his fingers through his hair and straightened out the pâper on which Salomy Jane had scrawled her note, turned it over and wrote on the back:.: /:: 'i- r ';.' ^.;/v. ? You might have told me you did it, and not leave your ole father to find it out how you disgraced yourself and him, too, by a low-down, underhanded woman's trick! I've said I done it, and took the., - blame myself, and all the sneakiness of it that folks .suspect.', If I get away alive and I don't much care which-you needn't foller. The house and stock are yours ; but you ain't any longer the daughter of your disgraced father. , < MADISON CLAY. He had scarcely finished the note when, with a clatter of hoofs and a led horse, Breckenridge reappeared at the door elate ana triumphant?. '.You're in nigger luck, Mad ! I found that stole hoss of Judge Boom poiriter's had got away and strayed among your stock in the corral. Take him and you're, safe-he can't be outrun this side of the . State line.'. ] '.'],' '" ?' ^.:- ??' ' ' 'I ain't no hoss, thief,' said Madison grimly. 'Nobody says ye are; but you'd be wuss-a fool-ef ye didn't take leave. I'm testimony that you, found him amongst your bosses ; I'll tell J udge Boompointer - you've got him, and you can send him ^back when you're safe. The Judge will be mighty glad to get him back, and call it quits. So-ef you've writ to Salomy Jane come, -v." :v\;''-v Madison, Clay no longer hesitated. Salomy Jane might return, at any moment-it' would be part of her ' fool womanishness'-and he was in no mood to see her before a third party. He laid the- note on the table, gave á hurried glance around the house, which he grimly believed he was leaving for ever, and, striding to the door, leaped on the - stolen horse, and swept away with., his kinsman.. . -. But that note lay .for a week un disturbèd on the table, in full vievt of the open door. The house was invaded by leaves, pine cones, ; birds and squirrels during'the hot, silent empty days^ and at y night by shy stealthy creatures, but never again day ^ or night, by any of the Clai family. ' ;:'"; It was known in the district thia Clay had flown across the State line his daughter was believed to havi joinecl him the next day, and thi house was supposed to be locked ut It lay /off the main road, and fev gassed that way. The starving catt! in the corral at last broke bound and spread over the woods. Ani one hight a stronger blast than, usua swept through the:house, carried th note from the table to the flooi where, whirled into a crack in th flooring, it slowly ro.ttedl But though the sting of her father' reproach was spared her, Salom Jane had no need of the letter t know what had happened. For, a she entered the woods in the dir. light of that morning, she saw th figure of Dart gliding from th shadow of a pine toward her. Th unaffected cry pf joy that rose froi her lips died there as shé caugl sight of his face in the open light. 'You are hart,' she said, clutchin his arm passionately. , * No,' he said.. . But I wouldn mind that if ' You're thinkin I was af eared t come back' last hight, when I hear, the shootin', but I did come,* 'si went on, feverishly. 'I ran bac here when I heard the two shot but you were gone. I went to tl corral, but your hoss wasn't ther and I thought you'd got away.' 'I did get away,* said Dar gloomily. 'I killed the man, thinki he was nuntin me, and forgettin1 was disguised. He thought I wi your father.' 'Yes,' said the girl, joyfully, '1 was after dad, and you-you killt him.' She again caught his hand admiringly. But he did not respond. Possibly there were points of honor which this horse thief felt vaguely with her father. 'Listen,' he said grimly. 'Others think it was your father killed him. When I did it-for he fired at me first-I ran to the corral again and took my hoss, thinkin' I might be follered. I made a clear circuit of the house, and when I fired he was the only one, and no one was follerin'-I come back here and took off my disguise.' 'Then I heard his friends find him in the wood, and I know they suspected your father. And then another man came through the woods while I was hidin', and found the clothes, and took them away.' He stopped and stared at her gloomily. But all this was intelligible to the girl. 'Dad would have got the better of him ef you hadn't,' she said eagerly, 'so what's the differ- ence?* ' All the same,' he said gloomily, ' ] must take his place.' She did not understand, but turned her head to her master. ' Then you'll go. back with me and tell him all ? she said obediently. . ;, .' Yes,' he said. She put her band in his, and thej crept out of the wood together. Sht foresaw a thousand difficulties, but i chiefest of all, that he did hot love her as she did. She would not have taken these risks . against theil happiness. But alas ! for ethics and heroism As they were issliing from the wooc they heard the.sound ,of galloping hoofs, and had barely time to hid« themselves before Madison Clay, 01 the stolen horse of Judge Boom pointer, swept past them with hi kinsman. Salomy Jane turned to her lover» And here I might,- as a mora romancer, pause, leaving the guiltj passionate girl eloped with he disreputable lover, destined to life long shame and misery, misundei stood .to .the last by a crimina fastidious parent. But I am cor fronted with certain facts on whicl this romance is based. . A month later, a handbill wa posted on one of the sentinel pine announcing that the property woul be sold by auction to the highes bidder by Mrs. John Dart, daughte of Madison Clay, Esq.,, and it wa sold accordingly. Still later - by ten years - th chronicler. of these pages visited certain'stock,' or ' breeding farm,' i the Blue Grass country, famous fe the popular racers it had producei He was told that the owner was th best judge of horseflesh in th country. ' Small wonder,' added his inf ora ant, 'for they say as a young ma out in California he was a hors thief, and only saved himself b eloping with some rich farmer daughter. But he's a straight-oi and respectable man now, whos word about horses can't be bough and as for his wife, she's a beaut] To see her at the "Springs,' rigge out in the latest fashion, you'd nevi think she had ever lived out of Ne York or wasn't the wife of one of i millionaires/ C, ? THE END! ? '' ' ' 