SOCIO-RELIGIOUi PAPERS. ,- The following papers were read at the morning1' eesBicnof the mud d&y; :— - ?: ???-??' NATUBALieM IK RELIGION. : , The Very Ktv. Dr. ML' Donald (Senior Professor ? Maynooth College, Ireland), througn a local ' deputy, bubmitted a paper on the subject of' '? ''Naturalism in Religion.' Owing to its ex- haustiveness the paper was taken as read. Like many other terms, the word religion had more than one meaning. There existed two kinds of religious reverence— natural and supernatural— according to whether it was the product of our own powers or the exercise of a free gift of God. Natural religion began by way of knowledge of God and respect for Him and His laws. It ended in a full and soul satisfying knowledge of the same kind. The paper then went on to deal with Divine co-operation, the avoidance of evil, and prayer and miracles ; the paper went on to deal with the power of the priest- hood Assuming that priests have been endowed by God with the power to remit sin and to change bread and wine into the Body and Blood of Christ, dId it follow that this power was miraculous in the sense that it enables its possessors to work miracles ? The element of surprise would be present of necessity did our oak be found to produce roses, or did a paralytic walk. Now, there was no such element when sin is forgiven, and for this reason principally the act could not be deemed miraculous. Catholic theologians were all of one mind on this point, that, at his ordination, every priest gets a commission from Jesus Christ and thereby becomes His agent for the trans action of certain business. What, then, does a priest do when he remits sin in Baptism or Penance? Try to conceive it in this way : —Let the priest be considered as some kind of officer commissioned to draw cheques on the King's Trea sury in favour of others and to avail only when certain conditions have been fulfilled. The condi ti; ns ara satisfied and the cheque is drawn ; it is handed in at the Treasury, where. ?it may be sup posed that the King Himself receives and inspects t. Oa seeing his official's demand and signature, H i at once pays out the gold This is how the p ver of the priestly order is exercised, according x. -nany theologians The priest does not himself r i ait sin immediately ; he merely draws, as it were, iVin order on God, Who Himself, then, in virtue of tin commission given, is bound to remit the offence and restore favours. Many theologians went further and said that priests, are endowed with something more than a commission ; that they get a real physical power by virtue of which they can immediately operate, the same producing therein a reality which we call sanctifying grace, whereby guilt is cancelled. These were entitled to their opinion, but they found it difficult to prove it ' For my part,' continued the writer of the paper, ' I am convinced that no creation, however noble, can produce sanctifying grace for the first time, no more than any creature can create a substance — even so small a substance as the smallest atom, and this, I regard, is the teaching of St. Thomas ' After a a brief retrospect of the growth of civilization as revealed in history, and a reference to our first parents, the paper said there was scarcely any part of the Catholic doctrine so much exposed to the attacks of the ordinary shallow contraversialist as the dogma of 'Original Sin.' It was a form of religious error to maintain that guilt was entirely personal, and may not be cirporal, material, or original, and that it is unjust to punish anyone except for a crime committed by the members or faculties of his own individual personality. It was an error to suppose that man had been left by God in the material state — that to to say with powers of ascertaining truth merely by means of impressions received from creatures. The essential happiness of the future state consists in the intuitive, vision of the Divine essence, the Exemplar and Source of all truth and beauty. , .: LIBERALISM IN RELIGION. The same writer also contributed a paper on the subject of ' Liberalism in Religion.' which was til to taken as read. He did wish to be understood h* holding that in the domain of faith and morals there is not room for liberalism,' understanding .tie term to signify progress, development, in crease of knowledge, and advancement in culture and civilization. Those who have read Cardinal Newman's essay on 'The Develop ment of Christian Doctrine,'or Frazilin's "Treatise on Tradition,' would understand in what sense the deposit of Faith was incapable of increase, and how nevertheless, under the guidance of the Holy Ghost, the very same deposit was capable of being ex panded and developed The Church did not ask anyone to change a conviction without supplying evidence of the truth which it proposes for belief. Catholics are expected to regulate their convictions to the utterances of the teaching body Refusal to conform— freedom of thought in the sense described — is opposition to true authority, and this is recog nized at once as one of the forms of Liberalism in religion with which Catholics can have no sym pathy. Unlimited freedom of speech, criticism of ecclesiastical authority, were condemned as inconsistent with real religious Liberalism. Anti- clericalism, Indifferentism, and Erastianism were also deprecated, and the paper concluded with re ferences to secular education ' If our children,' said the writer of the paper, " are to be taught re ligion at all, the pastors of the Church have a right to see that the teaching is not mixed with error ' * most important paper was that of the Rev. C. ' -'C ''nell. S.J,, of St Aloysius' College, Sydney, on ? I'hp Philosophers and Free Will' A.U were ♦ imilir, said the writer, with the grand things that hid 'been said and truly said of the position that man had achieved for himself in this world. He found himself on all sides surrounded by formidable enemies; he was not provided by nature with the bodily powers, the ??t.rength, the swiftness, or the natural weapons without which it might seem a hopeless tack t - assert his position as lord and master among all that lived on earth- And yet he had succeeded in «o doing The development of man into a sensient h'.ing capable of understanding right and wrong, was d welt upon, after which the paper dealt with and destroyed the theories that free will waR non existent owing to. heredity or environment. A number of arguments of various philosophers and hm:iMc»l theologians were also eflecfuilly disposed of. One point made was so good that it is worthy ? f special quotation. '' Some have denied Free Will on account of the foreknowledge of every act l.y God. They argue thus : -If God foreknows an j-ccion *hen it cannot but come to pass, and if it c*nnot bat come to pass it cannot be free Now, God foreknows every act— therefore no «ct is free-. Da mien waR so Rtartled by this difficulty (hat seeing himself forced, as he thought, to give up ei'.her the free will of man or the foreknowledge of viod, and unable to resist the conviction that his own will was free, he actually denied that God can forsee free actB I he argument is really a fallacy founded oh the ambiguity of the words, ' Cannot fail, but come to pass. They may mean 'will certainly come to pass,' and then the first statement, ' What God foreknows must ,come to pass,' is true. But the second statement j in that case is false, as there is no contradiction, whatever between the certainty of an acion and the freedom of it.' It was then pointed out that the fact that God foresaw a thing did not cause it to come to pass, but He foresaw it because it would come to pass. At the conclusion of the paper, Archbishop Red wood, who presided, remarked that the paper was a very important one and was very lucid. It pointed out how the denial of free will, the dis tinction between heroism and criminality, was destroyed. He therefore thanked Father O'Con nell for his paper. i OHKISTIAN TOLERATION. The Very Rev. P Le Rennetel, S.M., then read a paper on ' Christian Toleration,' in which he pointed out that the method of the Church to win people from error was by gentleness and tole rant persuasion. He instanced the fact that St. Murtin of L'ours and other eminent French prelates had excommunieated those guilty of persecuting heretic*, and this had also been strongly depre cated by the great Fenelon in a later age. Religious toleration, as he (Father Le Rennetel) understood it, meant liberty of conscience and liberty of worship. First, asjcojliberty of conscience, no Government had a right to enforce its views on an individual, be those views ever so right; it could not demand an account of the inward thoughts or opinions. If in Britain a man is king in hip own house, so the individual is absolute master in the sanctuary of his soul. For his own spiritual benefit he may open the door to another; he cannot be forced to do it by any living authority. Neither State nor Church may use violence to inculcate any doctrine. No wonder then, observed the writer, that when the sixth century Bishops were f -und demanding the blood of heretics, we see St Martin of S'ours refusing to stay in the Church with men who had been guilty of such conduct. What St. Martin did for the Gauls, St Ambrose did in Italy, in refusing to admit to Com munion men guilty of the blood of heretics. But even in the 17th century we find Ffinel m, ef Ambrae, writing to Jatneb II. of England — a Catholic— faying, ?' Above all, never force your subjects to change their religion ; no humm p -wer can reach the impenetrable recesses of thi free will and heart. Violence can never persuade men ; it serves only to make them hypocrites.' Then as to liberty of worship. Even in a country where the Catholic religion is the religion of the State, dissentients must be tolerated, so long as they do not try to upset the peace of the community. The Government c iuld not, of course, put truth and error on the same footing inregard to protection, but error has a right to toleranee. Such, Father Le Rennetel said, were the real views of the Catholic Church at, the present day in regard to toleration, from these views could be deduced th*t in a Ca tholic eommunity that would abide by the principles of the Uhurch and be guided by reason there is no room for persecution or oppression : citizens can have the same civil rights and oaim to have their views respected and tolerated ; all can live at peace with, their neighbours without ever allowing ' the bjast of bigotry to destroy that happy union which ought to exist between the children of the common Father.' , ' : . ? The paper was received with approval, the Car dinal observing that Father Le Rennetel had clearly stated the Church's position. The Rev. M. A Flemming then read a lengthy paper by the Right Rev. Dr. DelanyB(Coat?jutor Bishop of Hobart) on ' The Relation of the Church to the Non-Catholic World in. Australia.' Mr W. L. Bowditch, M.A., at its conclusion, said that he was glad to speak in connection with Dr. Delany's paper, [because he had been a non Catholic, but now, thank God, he was a Catholic. He was, besides, an Englishman, but he desired to pay a tribute to the noble work done in connection with the Catholic Church in Australia and in America by Ireland and Irishmen. THE CLASSICS IN EDUCATION. We have already reported the success which attended the session held at St. Ignatius' College, Riverview, at which there was an attendance of about 1000 people, Archbishop O'Reily presiding. ? The first paper read was by the Rev. A. Power, 'S.J., on ' The Classics in Education.' The paper dwelt largely upon the disadvantages of a purely scientific education, instead of one which intro duced the study of languages, which was to a great extent the principal developer of the mind. The exclusive study of science, too, led to nothing being credited save what could be fully demon strated, and thus tended to weaken the effects of moral and religious teaching. The most wonder ful thing in creation was written speech, and the wisdom of the ages had been thu3 recorded. The classics largely helped to develop mental grasp. It was not now aimed at to make people talk or write Latin and Greek, but to make them under stand and correctly talk and write their native English, but the study of Latin and Greek would aid in this respect. If Catholics rejected literature the world would go on without (hem, and they all knew what the world would be without the salt of Truth. SOME ASPKCTS OF NATURE IN AUSTRALIA.. This paper by Father J. M. Curran, F.R.G.8., dealt with the characteristics of the Flora, the Fauna, and the Geological History of Australia. Amongst the plants now living in this continent are many that are forms of types long extinct in Europe. The eccentric nature of Aus tralian animals and plants was proverbial, and this was closely connected with the geological evolution of the continent. The ubiquitous eucalyptus that clotheB the valleys from the fringe of the 'tree line' on Mount Kosciusko down to the sea flou rished in Europe in Miocene times. The ' Hying fossils' were referred to in connection with the origin of the present fauna and flora. A former l»nd connection with Tasmania and New Guinea was postulated, The birth and growth of the Aus tralian continent was followed, with special refer ence to (1) its compact outline, (2) its isolation, (3) the absence of livers communicating with the inte terior, (4) the absence of snow-capped mountains and active volcanoes, (5) its long-continued stabi lity and its antiquity. The origin of Sydney Har bour was also referred to, and an argument for de sign in creation was claimed in the parallelism in development between the mammals of Europe and the marsupials of Australia. A paper on 'The Discoveries in Astronomy, during the 19th Century,' by the Archbishop of. Hobart, was taken as re;td owing to the shortness of time at the disposal of the Congress. It was impossible to give within reasonable limits the valuable ob3erv tions contained in the paper, which was replete with ecientific information. CHURCH MUSIC. The Archbishop of Adelaide, in reading a paper on ' Gregorian Chauts.' appreciative of the style of Church music, remarked that he knew he was pleading an unpopular cau3e, before a biassed jury. He pointed out that all those portions of the Liturgy appointed to he aung were set to Gregorian Chants Th« Church however, so it was argued by some persons, had given her; unofficial sanction t- modern music and later on would make it her official music From this he (Dr. O'Reily) entirely diesented, and he also pointed out that Gregorian Chants (whifh had. the imprimatur of the Sovereign Pontiff) were the most fined for Church service. He admitted that Gregorian music, as usually rendered, was far from satisfactory, especially in Masses de requice when the chanting wa9 by priests. But priests were not c iosen for their musical gifts. Gregorian music as rendered by the clergy was certainly not j entertaining. (Laughter.) But then it should be remembered that music should be. judged, not by the persons who rendered it or by their methods, but -by the intentions and methods of those who composed it. Tbe paper went on to say that inu^ic in the church should be an aid to devotion, and this, the writer asserted, modern rau ic was certainly not. The paper was remarkab y humorous, and it as well displayed a retnarkab e ktibwle ige of music, both Gregorian and modern. Dr. John Donovan, K.C S.G., Q.C., then read a paper on ' Church Music,' in which hejreprobated much music now sung at the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass. He particularly r^probited tbe works of Haydn in which, the paper stated, the religious character ? f the words were entirely made sub servient to musical display The paper specially reprobate th ? ' Kyrie,' ' Benedictus,' ' Gloria,' and ' Dona Nobis,' in the Imperial Mass which were eha act jiiznd as quite inappropriate to sac red worship. Th« Mass known as ' Mozart's No. 12 ' also met with opprobrium, and the paper further said thaf. it was now admitted that with the possible exception of the fugue at the end of the ' Gloria,' Mozart never wrste it, but that it mainly consisted of a medley of various operatic aira. The music to which Rossini set the words of the ' Stabat Mater' was characterized as a grogs travesty on the sacred character of the hymn. What are commonly called ' Grand Masses' were met with a general and sweeping condemnation as ut'erly unfit for Church music. Mr. Donnelly, of Newcastle, spoke strongly in defence of the classical Masses. He also expressed the opinion that some uniform rule should be laid down for the pronounciation of Latin in church choirs. ; Bishop Murray thought that the great fault in the two papers that had been read lay in the fact that they did not say what should be done. That Congress was not intended to be purely specula tive. In rega d to what the Archbishop of Ade laide said about Gregorian music, he might be very learned, but he had his fads. (Laughter).. Dr. Murray would be glad to introduce Gregorian music into his own diocese; but if he tried to do so, he would be mad. (Roars of laughter). Dr. O'Reily in reply said that he had no objec tion to harmonized music so long as it was suitable to the House of God. He desired no violent change. Dr. Donovan' also replied, and remarked that he wished to . distinctly assert that he favored harmonized music, especially with mixed choirs as in Australia. What he objected to about the works he had referred to in his paper was, that in many ways they contravened the laws of the Church, and the question thus became one of, obedience. Thi3 terminated the business at the afternoon session, and the Congress again, under the presi dency of Archbishop O'Reily, assembled at St. Mary's Hall in the evening, when a number of papars were read on ' Education.' RELIGION AND PRIMARY EDUCATION. Archbishop Redwood submitted a paper on ' Religion an Essential Factor of Primary Edu cation.' He said that the root of the argument lay in the fact that religion was essentially necessary for the welfare of the human race. If religion was necessary for the welfare of society, it must be also necessary for education, which was the indispensable means to train and fit man for society, and for every stage of education, including, of course, primary education. These colonies were advanced democracies, but in democraey, more than in any other polity, the welfare of the people was dependent on the pre valence or sound moral principles. Morality alone would make tbe people ' fittest to choose,, and choaen fittest to govern.' Consequently any system of education which gramme d the intellect without iorming the heart was radically defec tive. Moral character was the first element of a nation's stability, and thejjtraining was required in the home and in the school. It was a waste of time to teach specific duties without teaching reverence for duty itself, reverence for duty being the keynote of education, but how could that reverence be effectively inculcated without traciag duty back to God, or in other words with out religion ? He discussed the necessity oi! religion as the basis of morality, 'and contended that children had a right to four things— to the knowledge of their faith, to the training of their conscience by the knowledge of the Command ments of God, to the Sacraments of grace, and to a moral fbrmaiion founded on the precepts and example of Christ. . . THE SPIRITUAL INTERESTS OF CATHOLIC YOUTH. BiRhop' Gallagher's paper on the question of 'What means should ba adopted to safeguard and promote the spiritual interests of the Catholic youth from the close of school training till the attainment of mature and middle life ' was a most; interesting- one. He contended that the Catholic -Young Men'a Society was of firafc importance. The most dangerous time in youth was between the ageo of 14 and 30. A youth on leaving school was at once thrown into the company of those who often had none or very little faith, aud whose surroundings were fatal to the germs of piety implanted with bo much care in his heart. The first afcept essential to the successful solution of the question 'was to remove the condition which jeopardized the spiritual interests of Catholic youths. He suggested the establishment of clubs in connection with the society. It was possible to get hold of youths as soon as they left school; to induce them to con tinue their education, and to forego the hazardous haunts and delights of the streets. Australian youtha, who knew no superiors for brightness and intelligence, quickly perceived what was for their good, and could be easily secured. He urged that the clubs should be made overwhelmingly attractive, otherwise they would be doomed to failure, and to crown the work an educational department should be. found therein. In con clusion, he urged that the safeguarding of the youth was the most noble and most hopeful of all enterprizes. YOUNG MEN SOCIETIES. The Hon R E. O'Connor, M.L.C., discussed the above subject in an admirably forceful ad dress. Let me begin (he said) by asking and answering a question. Why Bhould young men combine as Catholics in an association when there are so many associations through out the country educational in their scope and purpose open to all denominations i The answer in that the Catholic association and the ordinary mutual improvement association purely secular in its aims by no means cover the same ground. There is no reason why a Catholic should not belong to both associations, nor is there any reason why the Catholic association should not give to a young man all the advantages of the ordinary mutual improvement association in addition to its own special advantages. It is in no narrow or exclusive spirit that the Catholic association is founded. Its basis is the necessity more imperative now than ever before that a Catholic should have a clear and definite Knowledge of the views of the Church upon those ever-recurring social, scientific, and ethical questions which in some of their aspects concern the very foundation of Catholic belief. Take two instances that will occur at once to my hearers. Is there any real antagonism between the doctrines of the Church and some new discovery of science ? Or in what way does the Church regard the Bocial propaganda of those reconstructors of society who would sweep away obedience to con stituted authority? These are examples oi the class of questions which in one form or another are continually presenting themselves to the Catho lic for solution — and no Catholic can con sider himself properly equipped to take his part iu the world until he has. not only a know ledge of the Church's views, but has acquired a ready use of all the facts and arguments upon which those views are founded. But, we are sometimes aaked, why need the Catholic layman concern himself with the Church's views upon matters of science and of sociology i The answer readily suggests itself. In so far as the scientific or social question does not touch a vital doctrine of the Church, the opinions of ecclesiastics have no more binding force than those of laymen; but where a vital doctrine of the Church is affected, as frequently happens, then tbe view of the Church authoritatively expressed must neeeesarily be bind ing on the Catholic layman. It is upon the latter aspect of scientific and social questions, particularly where they are on or near the border line between ivhat does and what does not concern a vital doctrine of the Church, that the Catholic young man naturally seeks counsel of those who can clearly and authoritatively expound the Church's views. Nor need the Catholic thus seeking for guidance ever fear that the doctrineB of the Church run counter to human progress. Nothing in the history of the Church has been.more striking than the adaptability of her vital doctrineB to eyery stage of human progress and the wisdom and knowledge of human nature which has ever characterized her authoritative exposition. What better illustration of this can be found than in the proceedings of this Congress? Every phase of human progress has been touched upon, the latest discoveries in science, the latest developments of thought in ethics and socio logy have been frankly discussed, and in the result it is found that the Church is ever in line with the march of human progress. I often wonder if we Catholics as a community fully realize our responsibilities to the thousands of lads who every year pass out of our schools direct into the struggle of daily bread-winning —the , echools themselves are admirable, but boys are often obliged to leave them before the moral training has had time give to a permanent set to the character. For those fortunate enough to pass on to the Universities, the college training takes up and completes the work which the school has begun. But what of the hundreds, mere boys in age, and children in knowledge of the world, who must of necessity plunge at once into the daily struggle for existence ? Eager, impressionable, emancipated from school restraint, easily captivated by smart phrases, naturally attracted by new doctrines dressed out in sparkling periods, what wonder if in these callow years.ftj bright lad findi a fascination in the philosophy, of the scoffer and the cynic and the reconstructor of society, It is then, more than at any period of his life, that he needs a steady, gentle guiding hand. It is then hejneeds to learn that manliness does not consist in throwing aside all restraint and all control but that simple faith and the practical exercise of religion are ac companiments of the highest type of manhood, that the presence or absence ot self control, self respect, the reverence due to age, consideration for ethers, the obligations of duty, mark the difference . between the civilized man and the civilized rough. It is then he needs the companion ship and influence of those whose views of life, of duty, of the world are high and ennobling —who can show the shailowness and meanness of that view of life which scoffs at all faiths, which reverences nothing, which sneers at patriotism, which seekB a sordid or a sensual motive for every human action. In such companionship and , under ^ such influences he will learn to realize that truth and honour and virtue and patriotism are still potent in the world, that all around him are lives of noble purpose, of self-sacrifice, of quiet heroism, and that the truest and happiest philosophy is still to' regard humanity in its noblest a&pect;, as working everywhere to war ds the higher life of which^ our religion gives us assurance. I know' well that there are many homes in Australia in which the influences surrounding the boy are an ever-watchful and daily corrective against every thing base or Bordid or selfish in his views of . the world ; but there are hundreds of others in which the necessities of daily toil make it impossible for parents, however honest and upright in their own lives, to watch and guide the growth of a lad's character and the development of his opinions Under such circumstances I know of no means more potent for bringing a young man within the influences and companionship of which he stands bo much in need than is to be found in a well managed Catholic Young Men's Association. The longer I live the more I am convinced that the establishment and encouragement of these as sociations should be the concern, not of the young men only, but of the Catholic community gener ally, and that it should be just as necessary a part of our educational system to guide, aid and educate the young man entering the threshold of manhood as it is to teach him in the days of his childhood. I have just answered the question which I began by asking, namely, why Catholic young men should form themselves into an associa tion, and, perhaps, my answer might be summed ? up in a very few -words — that it is a necessary part of a Catholic's training for the battle of life that bis character should be moulded and his views of life formed under Catholic influences. But do not let it be supposed that I would re strict the scope and purpose of the association solely to the attainment of that end. The association should give a Catholic young man all the stimulus to self-improvement, all the instruction, all the general knowledge, all the training in public speak ing which it is possible for him to obtain in any ? other association of the kind. I would take care that his opportunities in this retpect were at least equal to those of the young men of other denomi nations. Having thus dealt with the necessity for a Catholic basis of the association, and with its scope and objects, let me add a few words of prac tical suggestion drawn from some years of experi ence and observation. Make your association attractive. Its primary object 'is to gee young men into its ranks and keep them there while they need its aid. Remember it is not for the student or the intellectual youth only that the association exists. It must be a school of character quite as much as a school of brains. The student and the intellectual youth will naturally fali|int6 your ranks. You must endeavour to place and keep the lad of average knowledge and ability.,, alongside of him. Let debates, read ings,' ' and lectures alternate with the lighter forms of amusement and recreation. Provide for ydur association a habitation where the young man may read hiB book, or his newspaper, or meet his friend; in social converse and recreation. It' will cost money, as does the school-house and the col lege, but tKe Catholic community must, if it would effectually supply this gap in our educational sys tem, help, the young men to raise it. In several places 'already the hall and rooms of the Young Men's Association are as much, a part of the Church premises as is the school-house. Notably in Bai larat, which is a signal illustration of the success which ' can ' ; be ' achieved \vheh a body of earnest young Catholics is aided by the wise and generous assistance of the clergy and people. Let your association be in its origin as far as possible spon taneous and its management self-governing. Con trol and guidance of authority in reserve there must be. But let it be used' only when absolutely, necessary, and then with firm hand. As to debates— avoid polemical subjects, and those political questions which are likely to en gender heat and dissension. Encourage careful preparation ; discourage the merely glib talker. Vigorously exclude personslities, and so order your procedure as to stamp out ruthlessly barren discus sions on points of order. Stimulate and aid the acquisition of knowledge by lectureB, readings, and the informal discussion of books. When onoe a young man has acquired a love of know ledge for its own sake, his own reading will do the rest. A newspaper article, a lecture, a chance con versation may supply the first stimulus. Let me illustrate my meaning by a topic of the day which may well furnish a starting point, and a stimulus for a course of reading. Discussion of the war in China; will arouse a desire tc learn something of that marvellous and mysterious country, its people, its history, its destiny, its relations to Europe, and in the future' to Australia,* its'Gatholic' martyrs, the glorious work of the Jesuit Order in Russia, the Ku38ian advance in Central Asia, through Sarma kand, Bokhara, Merv, the ruins of Saracen, Turkish, and Persian kingdoms, the wild saturnalia of fanaticism and carnage in which the Em pire was founded, the Crusades, the Moors in Spain, the brief period of Ara bic learning— Algeria; Morocco, Cairo What a vista of history, what a knowledge of humanity is the reward of its careful study i Let it be ever your object to devise new means for encouraging your members in the cultivation of habits of con tinuous and fruitful reading. Many other ways in which your association can aid the moral and mental development of its members come to my mind as I speak to you, but I cannot detain you to enumerate them. In conclusion let me say to you, the repre sentatives of so many centres of enthusiasm intelligence, and energy, that with you rests in a large measure the future of these associations. Your energy; and force of character have made and still maintain them-; without your earnest and untiring devotion the efforts of clergy and people in the founding and extending of these associations will be in vain. It is to you that your weaker and less gifted com rades look up for strength and light and leading It is to you that the whole Catholic community look to materially aid in the guidance and training of the Catholics who will take our places in a few years. I feel assured that you realize to the full your responsibilities, and that by continuing to render to the Catholic associations of Australia the priceless services which have made them what they aie 50a will earn the gratitude not only of the Cathohc community but of every lover of his country. ?? SECULAR MUSIC. Dr. C. W. MacCarthy furnished some comments on 'The effects of secular music on mind, and morals.' He dealt with the various emotions aroused, by corresponding music, both in the individual and national character. He especially instanced Irish music, with its sadness and gaiety, as a reflex of national character. He urged the cultivation of a high standard, for music was universal in nature, and should be the reflex of the harmonies of earth and heaven. It should fo.rm part of our liveB, bo bb to bring ub nearer to its heavenly source. Mr. Healy (Melbourne) contributed the last item of discussion by reading a paper on ' Industrial and Reformatory Schools.' 