THE CONTRIBUTOR. GHOSTS. Bv MAHY OAUKT. "The American woman," said lVgtop .lack cheerfully, "when she ain't got ^claw hammer takes up a tack with a kitchen spoon, and knocks it in with a flatiron." He picked up a long flat.-headed nail, put it in the screw-hole of the door hinge, and rammed it home with the top of the tongs. Then he stepped back and surveyed his work. » "There, sir, I think that'll hold for the present. Sure you'll be all right if I go now? Some of the chaps are sure to be along before ten o'clock." The Padre sat up, with a smile on his thin old face. "Why, of course, Jack. What could happen to me?" The room was large and bare and empty. The lamp at his elbow made a glow of brightness, the ruddy fire threw dancing, uncanny shadows in the far corners, but it shut out the emptiness of the room too. It made, as it were, a cosy little place for him, just that cosy little patch where the light fell. He listened to Jack stumping down the long passage; his steps echoed in the big empty building, aud then the front door banged and he was alone. lie was chaplain to this sailor's home. Generally the big building was full of life, sailors coming and goiii£, Dut to-night they were all away at the big entertainment at the Town-hall, all who were not at work, liven Pegtop Jack, the caretaker, was gone, and he, the Padre, convalescent after a long illness, was sole occupant of the building. How the wind howled among the chim ney-pots! How it shook the window frames! They rattled not only in his room, but all through the other empty rooms, and ever}' now and again a burst of sleet swished against the glass, and sizzled and sputtered on the glowing coals on the hearth. A tempestuous night! God help the poor fellows at sea! He lay back in his chair and closcd his I book. How could he read when the place was so full of sound. He was alone here, alone, even as he was alone in his old age. An old man without kin, save as he counted the rough sailors to whom he ministered kin. They were kindly, warm-hearted, -grateful, but nevertheless he was an old man without wife or child, and to-night he was lonely with a great loneliness. Why, oh why, had the good Lord denied him the comfort and happiness that Be showered so freelv on others-ay, and on others who counted His gifts but a burden? "Dear Lord, I loved her." he murmured, I and the window shook at the window- frame , and the sleet dashed against the panes. "I jloved her-I loved her." j He looked down at his thin old hands the hands of a man of 70; and she had been only 25 when she died, and he a strong, stalwart young fellow of SO. Was the pain of her loss keen to-day as it had been 40 years ago? No, no. Even he who had loved her could not say that. Time, the great healer, bad salved that hurt, but he was lonely, he craved a tender hand on his cheek, a loving voice in his ear, and his thoughts flew back to the wife to whom he had been all in all. "John, dear," the 40 years were bridged, and he heard her voice distinctly. "It will be a boy, I know it will, and lie will have brown eyes, kind, tender, brown eyes like his daddv, and we will call him John, and we shall be so proud of l»m." "But I should like a daughter," he heard himself saying, and he was glad (o think how tender Ins own voice sounded. When we think of the dead it is not our tender ness we regret; "a daughter with blue eyes and a wicked little dimple like-like ' He could almost feel her hand across his mouth, the laughing protest that was so glad to know he thought her fair. And it had been the boy she had wanted, and he had folded him in his mother's arms, and laid them both to rest in the cemetery on the hillside, that overlooked the boundless sea. "You will burv me by the sea," she said to him one day half in jest; "I shall never feel lonely if I can hear the sea," and, so, since he must leave her, he had left her by! the sea. How the wind would shrien over me grave to-night, how the surf would boom on the rock-bound coast. A wild coast, but she had gloried in it. She had loved to stand on the headland, and let the wind run riot through her long hair. She would not mind the storm; she who was so young, and strong, and fearless. Ah, dear Lord, it waB good to think of her as, young and strong, now that she was old and feeble. Did she know how miserable he was, did she realise that he was lonely; would she not come to faim if she did? And through the empty building came the deep, long sigh of the wind. . He listened. Was not thai a footstep in the long passage, footsteps, soft, slow, coming nearer, nearer. He heard them coming up the stairs, he heard them turn towards his door-on, on, right opposite his door, and then the door opened slowly; he heard the squedk o! Peg-top Jack's rough carpentry, and the footsteps crossed the threshold. A burst of rain dashed ngainst the window, and he turned his head, for the footsteps had stopped, and there was no one there. The doorway was out of the line of the lamp-light, but the fire had flickered up brightly, and there waB no one there, only a aijpolate emptiness. He rose up on his shaking old feet, and propped the door open. He looked out into the-palace. Emptor empty .uT^'" jet at the top of the stairs flickered in ^ gusty draught, and the noises of the suZ were m hie ears. Then he went hniT? Ms chair and tried to read' to dm u« UUOU- ttuu liieu IQ reaa tn A** ^ thought. But * thought would not T? drowned. Along the passage came a® mysterious footfirtepB, softly, gently- ae rain came, and he almost fancied he en,,i!i hear the swish of a woman's skirt 0n »^ on and on, up .the stairs and down ti,! passage again, and the quiet footstT! crossed the threshold and stopped. p He was not afraid, not in the least afciM only he was so utterly-lonely and he want* her, the woman he had loved in his WT ago youth so badly, and Bhe came, 2 crossed his very threshold, but there shl eluded him. Be listened to those foot steps with aU his faculties. The sounds 0i the storm, the sounds of the Btreet, tto sounds of the night were all shut out hi heard nothing but the footsteps, he thought of nothing but the wife who had died tfhii he was a.young man. There came a knocking at the door be low-rap, rap, rap, but he never lieeded rap, rap, rap--he was listening to the foot steps-he was listening because there wer< no footsteps. Te missed them, and he went outside and looked at the flaring gas light. Rap, rap, rap. It reached hit dulled ears at last, he remembered when he was, and went Boftly downstairs ani threw open the door. "Padre, old man!"-the newcomer was a man as old as himself, but hale and hearty, and he shut the door and shook the water off his heavy coat-"I was thinking you might be lonely to-night, so I came along for a glass and a chat about old timeaj Footsteps! Lord! You don't mean to tell me ybu've nfever heard them before! Curious echo, ain't itiUtrt you never get a chance to hear it unless the house is empty like it is to-night. Let's get upstairs to the fire, old man." "Dear Lord!" prayed the Padre in his heart, "Thou doest aU things well. Love for hot youth and warm friendship for old age/" 