PABCEL LIST. Btorefc ploBV usually at 6 p.m. tgightjjr, 'ilp p.m. Saturdays, but this coming Monday Night (New Tear's Eve) we remain open until ._:,, . 10p.m. , Nq. LI.— The 'Commonwealth 'Dres Parcel contains 4 Dress Lengths and Linings, complete j 1 Colored Fancy or Slack Figured Lustre Dress, 1 Useful Tweed Dress, 1 Dress Length of Hoyle'e Celebrated Fast Color Print or Good Sooteh ZephyTj 1 Dress Length of Pure Finish Cambric Print (warranted fast odor), and 18yds of good Calico or Silesia, for lining. Unequalled value t carriage paid. 20/-. No. h 2.-^Our ' Speoial ' Dress Paroel contains 2 Extra Quality Dress Lengths, Linings and Trimmings complete, 1 Dress Length of B'aok or Colored rienoh Viole, Taffeta, Casi mere, or Serge, and 1 New Summer Tweed or fancy Figured Lustre Dress, 8yds Selesia Lining, lyd Black or Colored Silk, and 6yds of the New Nar row Braid Edging. Only 20/-, carriage paid. No. h 3.— Our Marvellous 20/- House hold Parcel contains 6yds Good Strong White or Unbleached I will Sheeting, 6yds of the Celebrated Dacca Twist White Calico, 0yds strong Striped Gala tea, 21yds Unbleached Linen Table Damask 6yds Good Heavy Linen Finish Shirting, 4yds Strong Linen Forfar, for aprons, 2 Good Turkish Towels, and Pftir Good Frilled Pillow Slips. 20/-, carriage paid, this marvellous lot. No. L 4.— Paro«l oontJns 1 pair Hen's Heavy Mole Trousers, 1 pair Strong Cord, Beaver ot Tweed Trousers, 2 good Cotton or Flannellette Shirts (with or without collars and pockets), 1 good Undershirt (Flannel or Merino), or, if preferred, 2 Cotton Undemhirts (for summer wear), 8 pairs Strong Wearing books, 1 soft Felt Hat (blcok or fawn), lpalr Good 6tn-Dg Braoes, 2 Large Colored Cotton and 1 White Linen Handkerchief, 20/.. This lot nimply defies competition. No. L 6. — Our Black Dress Parcel oon tuins 7yds Blue or Jet Black Cashmere (permanent dye, extra finish), lyd Bltck Bilk, Velvet, or Crape for trimming, 4 yds Black Silesia, tyds Stripod Black Back- body Lining, 3yds Black Jet Trim ming. 20/-, this bargain panel, carriage paid. No. Xj 6— Our Gent's 20/- Suit Parcel. We will forward one of onr Gent's All Wool Tweed Snits, any sice, 8, 4. 6, 6, or 7, dark or light pattern. We oan thoroughly recommend this really ser viceable end good 'fitting suit, mide on the premises, and is undorbtelly a bar gain at the price. Carriape paid. No. L 8.— Our Bargain Remnant Par* eel contains upwards of 60yds of Rem nants of Calico, Prints, Flanunletto, Shirting. Galatea, Laoe, Holland, Em broilery, Dress Materials, etc. A good useful SO/- worth for a family, and in highly appreciated everywhere. Carriage paid. No. L. 18.— Our Youths' Olothinjr Paroel contains 1 All Wool Colonial Tweed Suit, any site, from 10 to 24. These suite are made on onr own pre mises, and are thoroughly finished throughout, superior in «very way to the ordinary factory made artiole: 1 Soft Felt Bat, S pairs seamless PooH, 1 pair good braoes, 8 White or Colored Hand kerchiefs. This useful paroel, carriage paid, for 20/-. No. L 25.— OurHttleSttsnger's Paroel contains Complete Outfit Baby Linen, as follows t— 8 Fine Longcloth Day Gowub, (trimmed with lace or embroidery, 2 tone Flannels, £ Flannel Binder*, 3 White Lawn Shirts, trimmed laoed, 1 Swathe, 1 Handsome Embroidered Muslin Bobe, 1 Jjoag Pettioost trimmed em broidery, ldoi Safety Pin*, and 1 pair pretty Wool Bootees— only 80/-, carriage paid. ' ifo. L 28.— THa paroel contains a very choice -Jent'« All Wool Ballarat Tweed or Sergette Suit, in grey, fawn, or brown —a really serviceable and good fitting suit. Carriage paid for 27/6 1 a clear saving of the middleman's profit by bay ing direct from our factory. No. L 09.— Our Boy's Half-Onloea (10/8) StateSohool Outfit oontilng 1 Boy's Strong German Tweed Knicker Suit, 1 good etrong Cotton or Flannelette Shirt, 1 Fine Speckled or White Straw Hat (in Sailor or iBoater shape), 2 Linen Sailor Collars, 8 pair strong ribbed Stookinea. and a pair good braoes, Carrl»fre paid for 10/6 (mate age when ordering). A good bargain. No. L. fll.—Lady'B New Brown Hol land costume (Blouse and Skirt), trimmed with White Washing Braid— 10/6 When ordering please give bust and waist measure, and length of skirt in front. 'Jo. h 82.— Our Infant's Crenm Cash mere Pelisse Parcel oontains a Eioh Silk Embroidered Pelisse, a pretty Bonnet or Capot to match, and a New Embroidered Bib. Special value, 12/6, post or rail paid. When ordering please mention age of child. No. L 88.— Our Bargain Half-Guinea Lace Curtain Paroel contains 2 pair Extra Quality Nottingham Lace Cnr teins, each curtain 8yds long ; carriage paid, J0/6. Tbe value In this parcel will delight you, and, mind you, had we pot secured a big lot of these curtains before the risera ootton, we oou'4 not do tbvmtitkepriw, U*soon|fT pALKtm 1b back again: toot -coated, silk- hatted, rubicund,, jovial, a millionaire already in appear utoa. With Calmer are John Brunlees, ut eminent railway engineer, who comes jut 'to inspect things for the Great Western Company or syndicate ( Groves, luteVng and masterful young engineer gent&uE; by Pauling j and a pretty boy with gold-rimmed spectacles, whp is be lived to be Grove's understudy or pupil or brother-in-law or something.' This Groves is a man in whom any reasonable public would bave oonfldenoej a vary, virile and indomitable Ulysses, who has worked at his big trade in all sorts of out of-the-wayaadbreakneok places. As to Brunlees, his reputation is not to make t but on a first glanoe he 1b dis appointing, being a stolid, genial, and dis tinctly respectable person. As to the boy in spectacles, little can be said. He is believed by some to be an eipert on boudoir furnishings or something. But why the inconsiderate Groves brings this pale youth to face the terrors of the Tasmauian wilderness— where the large male wombat does dearly love to browse on green ohildren— this paper oannot ao much as imagine. The boy in epeotpoleB is a woeful mystery. ' ' His Lordship the Bishop of Tasmania ? one Montgomery— has' decided in the matter of the Wisdom caw, against Wisdom. No one will be surprised at that « for the Commission wakr a farce. Meantime, the position is such as will ensure for Mr. Wisdom the sympathy and support of all honest men. He came out to Tasmania, pledged to what he regarded as a sacred trust. He dis charged that trust zealously and cleanly, as became a Christian gentleman. But, in doing so, he happened to tread on the toes of no less a person than this Mr. Montgomery— the person with no back to bis head. Also, he happened to preach such simple Christian doctrine as, is notably obnoxious in the nostrils of the stilted neo-Christians who fill tbe majority of the. pulfite in the alleged Protestant Befonned Church of England. THE PEOPLE Tbbt have no tomb to dig or hide, Earth is not theirs that they should O'er all these tombless crucified No lovers' eyes have time to weep. And still for all men's tears and creeds The sacred body hangs and bleeds. Through the left hand a nail is driven, Fraud— and another through the right, Forged in the fires of hell and heaven j Fear— that puts out the Eye of Light, And the feet scarred, and worn, and pale, Are pierced by falsehood, as a nail. And we seek yet if God or Man Can loosen Ihee aa Lazarus, Bid Thee rise up Republican And save thyself, and all of us, But no disciple's tongue can say When Thou uhalt take our sins away. A. Swuwubnb. Dcbino the Commonwealth Marge all the Sydney theatres and music balls will be in full swing, and some novelties are promised. At the Tivoli ' Puss in Boots ' is. to be presented on a most lavish scale, the caste includes over 100 artistes. ' Australis, or the City of Zero,' is the title given to the extravaganza to be pro duced at Her Majesty's, the principal parts being taken by members of Pollard's Juvenile Co. Fitzgerald Bros, promises something startling for their season which was billed to open on Boxing Night. Dampier is still ' going strong' at the Criterion, a change of bill is given weekly; at present ' Monte Christo ' is being played. Harry Craig is playing 'Mo Isaacs' in 'Queen's Evtdenoer- at 'silver coin' entertain rrenta. Hawtrey's New Comedy Co just arrived f tome 'ome, and have made their initial bow in a ' Message from Mars.' Djeab Clipper, — the annual election of councillors just concluded has added another to tho lengthening list of the Bagdad Blusterer's defeated schemes. Two years ago he unsuccessfully p:.tted a callow youth, brimming over with domestio virtues, but in all else verdant ae the orchard- clad elopes of the beauti ful valley, against the Mad and trusted 'old ones.' The motive then was not clear, but the result was decisive. Last year this already defeated candidate ?gain yielded to the B.B.'s blandish ments, sad Buffered himself to be put up against the popular Tom Hodgman, only to suffer the defeat he so childishly courted. The worthy young gentleman was perhaps the only man in the district who did not know that he was being used by the areh-plottor behind him to 'snipe ' T.C.H. for the municipal seat, and so damage his chances in future runs for the House of Assembly Besult : Defeat more decided than before.— Jack Paul. Bii.lt Eltham works like a Trojan and smileB down all adversities of tide and fortune. If Billy's 'Messiah' did not come to town on Christmas night, the whole universe would bust up, for sure. This year the oratorio was up to the average. Mrs. Palmer, who was Carandini as a maiden, sang the soprano solos admirably, Billy Eltham tackled eonje of the bass sqlos himself. This is the only bad blot on Billy's pretty records, and this fatherly paper dovoutly hopes, that Billy will never do it any more. If he does, the Clippkb will be oompelled to rushfor its gun, and shortly afterwards the last tattered shreds of Billy's ghost will be wailing in thin mist as they are borne by the winds of night towards the Pleiads and the ultimate verge of things. Ur-r r 1 Thb hard-worked professional musi cians of Melbourne are shaking hands with themselves on having the good sense to organise a union. Last Christ mas they were grinding out music for the theatre-goers at £2 5s. per week ; to-day they are receiving £3 for Bland Holt's show ; and Fitzgerald's circus is paying £3 §8, Balls and parties return frptn 20 to Q0 per ceut. increase. 4 wkl,l.-b;nowi( and hitherto respeoted Brisbane sharehroker has deme ' a guy ' with b, Tivoli (Sydney) oliair warmer. Same old story, 'Daniel Juniob ' writes :— Competl» tion between North and South is beoom ing amusing. Fortunately, the oirctii j***! las left «b with their fierce tigers. I **** iaunceston barmaid entered 'the tigers' cage, and of course it must be equalled^ if not surpassed, by a Hobart girl. To beat the North, the oustodian of one of ) our public institutions must needs, flaunt his courage (P) daring (P) in 'tbe eyes of the HobaSrt public. Is there any oourage at all in the matter f Is it not rather the vanity that finds expression in silly aotdona and lope of notoriety? The Hobart Daniel bad gallantly taken very good care that the woman went in first | bat some people will do anythiug tor a paragraph— notoriety is the breath of their nostrils. The whole thing was supremely ridioulous. Fortunately, (for the tigers) they did not eat 'Sajudy, having been previously suffioientiywoll fed on wholesome food to be rendered perfectly harmless. Poor Sandy Morton I I oan't help thinking of the story of the old woman in one of our eountr/ districts who was bitten by a black snake. She was a notoriety in her way— the snake died. Patmtio is the thirst for notoriety m in some mayors and other little loott M nobodies. There was a crowd at an jjjm intercolonial steamer's out-going tbl^TC other night, and on the upper deck wai ' a Sydney-tripping person. The person carefully moved away from the cluster of passengers and leaned over tbe rail at a spot where he could be viewed olaarjf of all good-bye wavers on the whsft. Clearly, the person courted a paxtthB cheer; but somehow no cheer oau. There was not even the most apologetic of hooray 8, and only one ' Good-bye, George '—which by the way was aooorlM in Christmas good-will and pity by Bttft writer. The personage was almost too indignant to acknowledge such a email salute. OK the whole, this paper is inclined (ft think that, if tha reports of the London engineers now out inspecting are satis factory, the Great Western will go through. The company is going to work in a business-like, straightforward way. And Harcourt Palmer, back from London somewhat quieter than of yore, will not trouble to argue with people who still doubt the projects of the company and the bona-fides of thepto moters. 'Some poople,' says Palmar, 'never will believe in the Great Western till we pick 'em up at Glenora and dump 'em down at Zeehan. There's simply no other way of convincing them.' OvBB-heard in a Sydney crowd last /reek :— ' What's the row Bill t Got the 'limp ? ' ' 'Ump : That ain't no bloomin* name for it P ' Why look 'ere, I was ont with the barrer all yesterday— sold nuffin — lost a tanner down a drain, and when I gets home I find my wife attacked with peritonitis.' 'Ter don't say so Bill ( why that's the bloke that sells ioe cream ain't it.' At the late British elections, aooording to Sbtnolps', the ordinary beople who live by labor voted aoainbt, among other tilings, old age pensions land n form, deoent houses, popular representa tion, and innumerable other reform), They voted fob, union? other th^u*. theilUxeatment of our soldiers, swindIiHj& -*?». company promoters, the monopoly l«nfl* *^ Na lords, increased taxation, an obatrnofcive non-eleoled House of Parlauwnt, and tin rule of the capitalists and cltsses. It is a curious situation tbis of tbe abeep oho*. ing the wolvea as their shepherds. A SAD WEBK The year had gloomily begun For Willie Weeks, a poor man's SUN. He was beset with bill and dun, And he had very little MON ' This Cash,' said he, ' won't pay my dues | I've nothing here but ones and TUBS,' A bright thought struck him, and he said 'The rich Miss Goldrooks I will WED.' But when he paid his court to her, She lisped' but firmly said, 'No, THUE.' ' Alas !' said lie, ' then I must die! I'm done! Ill drown, 111 burn, I'll FBI.' He found his gloves, and coat, and hat| The coroner upon them SAT. Patriotism and business are seldom m happily combined as in the window of a Whitechapel shopkeeper:— Finest Eng lish Eggs Sold Here.— We Scorn the Foreign Yoke I Ok New Year's Day the Oonah runs its famous annual picnic to Shipwrights Point Hegatta, when it will carry an efficient band. Fares 4s. New Year fixtures for the s.s. Beautt tnl star :— Monday, Port Cygnet and Channel Ports ; Wednesday, Oyster Cove. Thb Huon C. and P. S.S. Co. boats run '' an enticing series of New Year excursions, and intending excursionists should study . ^ this company's time table, advertised Ut 'Jim another column. ^^1 