THE VANISHING OF TEB A. By ITei'gus Hume, Author ot "The Mystery of a Hansom Cab," "For the Defence," "The Lady from No where," "The Third Volume," "The Lone Inn," "The Nameless City," "The Dwarf's Chamber," "The Carbuncle Clue," etc., etc. COPYRIGHT. - CHAPTER XVI. — THE MAN FROM KOIAU. The farm-house of Mr Carwell was a substantial brick building, surrounded by barns and yards, and Hanked, by five or six hayricks, the whole being girdled by elm trees. Their foliage now was of a mixed yellow and red as the year drew to winter. On all sides stretched the stubble lields, tawny in hue, save those ' which, having already been ploughed, pre sented patches of dark red earth. Sleek cows wandered in some meadows, horses' grazed in others, pigs and fowl shared the farm-yard, rooting and scratching amid the straw, pigeons whirled aloft in the cold blue of the sky, or cooed round the eaves of the thatched stable. The homestead wore an air of comfort and peace, in keeping with the quiet religious spirit of its owner. In recognition of the plenty which filled its walls, Crawell had written over the door the Hebrew word, "Bethdagon," which signifies the "House of corn." In this Goshen, Rachel ruled supreme. Her mother had passed away these many years, and she held the keys of the household. Demure, in a grey gown and close cap, lightfooted and ever watchful, she moved like a Puritan fairy in the home. The girl was a bom house- keeper, - and in her little kingdom affairs were conducted with a wonderful and rare combination of economy and cheerfulness. Carwell knew that some day she would marry— at present cir cumstances pointed to Herbert Mayne — and he often wondered how he would be able to manage without his clever, bright-eyed Rachel. Her departure would be a loss not easy to replace. Household blessings like this maiden do not grow on every bush. But Rachel was not bright-eyed on this particular day. She was sorely afraid lest ; her cousin .Tack should be committed for i trial on a charge of murder. She was very fond of Jack, and although she dis approved of his harum-scarum sailorly ways, she could not believe him guilty of SO terrible a crimp. As she attended to her household duties, her heart was heavy within her, and several times she went to the door in the hope of seeing her father returning with news. But for Carwell's express wish, she would have gone to the court herself. At last, shortly before the midday meal, she caught sight of the old-fashioned trap turning in by the distant gate. She saw that it contained three people, and ran to meet it, in the hope that Jack having been acquitted, her father was bringing him home. As the vehicle came nearer Rachel made out one of the trio to be a woman. She wondered who this third person could be. She was not left long in doubt. "Here, Rachel, lass," called out the far mer, jovially, "your cousin is a free man again; and here is a lady to see you." "Bithiah!" gasped . Rachel, turning white. She was too much startled to express her amazement. "loe." said the girl, jumping down, and throwing her arms round Rachel's neck; "but not Bithiah any more. I am Tera of Koiau. Call me so." "You are not dead!" "Dead!" cried Jack, with a joyful laugh, "not she! Tera's still flesh and blood, and as pretty as ever. Don't look eo scared, Cousin Rachel. She's no ghost." "You mustn't faint, lass," said Carwell, with rough good nature. "Tera is here, to stay until she marries Jack. Take her into the house, and set her at the table. She'll eat well, I'll warrant," and the far mer led away the horse with a jolly laugh. "What does it all mean?" asked Rachel, still astonished. She was not a weak girl, else she would have fainted at the sudden re-appearance of Tera. "It's a long story," cried Finland, "Tera will tell it to you." Rachel turned and kissed her cousin. "Oh, Jack, I'm so glad you are free. I thought they would — . Oh, never mind; what does it all matter now? But as Tera Is alive, who is the dead girl we buried?" "A gipsy called Zara" "And who killed her?" "No one knows. That's a new job for Chard. Come, Rachel, take us inside. I'm as hungry as a beach- comber. And Tera looks as though she could eat a bit, too." "Come in, dear," said Rachel, drawing Tera towards the house. "I am simply dying to hear what this all means." Shortly afterwards, in accordance with the manner of the sex, the two girls re tired to Rachel's room to exchange confi dences. Jack was left alone, and stood on the front door step, whistling. He was In the highest spirits, and no wonder. Was he not acquitted of a dangerous charge, engaged to marry Tera with the full con sent of her uncle, part owner of a ship after his own heart, and shortly sailing for the South 'Seas, which he loved far more, than his native land? The future was bright and assured, and Finland, although not as a rule devotionally inclined, breath ed a prayer of thankfulness for his good fortune. There was but one thing doubt ful inl his mind. Would his uncle give him the 'money he required? As he debated; the question, Farmer Carwell came round j the corner of the house, ready for dinner. ; Jack, who was prompt in all his actions, ; broached the subject there and then, "Uncle," be said, as the old man took a seat Ui his armchair, "about this five "hun dred— can you let me have it?" Carwell was not a mean man, but he was accustomed always to approach with due caution anything in the nature of a finan cial transaction: therefore he did not open his heart and hand so readily as Jack had expected. "That requires some considera tion, my lad," he said, after a pause ; "money is harder to get than to give." / "You have surely had plenty of time to consider the matter, uncle?— besides, I do not ask you to give me the money, but to lend it to me. I'll pay it back with inte rest — the loan will be as good a thing for you as for me." "H'm. You see you offer no security." "Isn't my word enough security?" cried Jack, flushing. "I am your own sister's Son; it is not likely I would swindle you." "Softly, my lad. I'm not accusing you of dishonesty; but I never stretch out my hand further than I can draw it back. You want five hundred pounds; for use in connection with your ship, isn't it ?" "Yes; the purchase of her has taken all the money I got for the pearls, and all the skipper's savings to boot. We want a few hundreds now, in order that we may purchase copra from the islanders and make a pile out of black-birding." , "I'm a plain country farmer," said Car- well, smiling, "and I don't understand these terms you bring from your new world. What is copra?" "The dried kernel of the cocoanut. It is used for oil- making, and fetches a good price, especially if the Kanakas don't water it." "And blackbirding— what is that?" Jack laughed, and looked queerly at the old man. It was hot easy for him to j answer this question without offending his uncle's prejudices. However, he skirted round it, and got out of danger as ; best he could. "Biackbirding" he said, cautiously, "well, you see, we sail for the Solomons or the New Hebrides, and pick up natives to work on the plantations on the more civilised islands. They are well looked after, and get good pay; so after a few years they go back to their own land set up for life." "Do the missionaries approve of this "Oh, yes. It brings savages from out- of-the-way islands into the circle of Chris tianity, and then they can spread the Gos pel on their own account." "They are not slaves, these natives? — they are paid?" "Paid In what we call trade," replied Jack. "They hire themselves out for three years, as a rule, and when their service is ended we take them back again, with the value of what they have earned in goods. Oh, it's square enough. The Australian Government appoints agents to see that all is above board." "Does it pay?" "You bet, uncle — pays well Let me have that five hundred and I'll soon give it to you again." "I must take a week to think over it," I said Carwell, still unconvinced, Finland bit his lip, and very nearly committed the indiscretion of rapping out a nautical oath. But as, in that religious household, such language would at once have put an end to all chances of his get ting the money, he was wise enough to restrain himself. Shortly after this, Rachel arrived with Tera, in fuil possession of the whoiesiory The recital of it had excited wTiffitjX little, and during dinner she taKecfaFHO. thing else. / O/ "I suppose you will go backf wj'tjli VTjck to your own island?" she said.)» \ "Yes," replied Tera, "as sooras>: married by Mr Johnson. X "Johnson? Oh, he won't maV'y'ks,"" said Jack laughing. "I don't see can expect him to, Tera." J "He is a minister." "He is also a man, my dear," observed Rachel; "and he is in love with you!" "Let us trust that our pastor will be sensioie, sam c<u wen, sei juusiy; jiuw that his ward has re-appeared, he is re lieved from a grave danger." "Oh, Miss Arnott relieved him of that before," said Rachel, with a trifle of fem inine spite; "indeed, he ought to marry her for all she has done for him." "It -would be a good thing for Beth- gamul," replied her father, reflectively, "for Miss Arnott is wealthy. If she be came the wife of our pastor she could do much good with her money." "She is too old to marry my guardian," said Tera, doubtfully. "What does her age matter, child? She has a beautiful soul. A minister should not dwell unduly on the outward graces of womanhood," Jack looked at Tera's pretty face, and laughed. Undeniably it was her comeli ness that had attracted the minister— not her soul. He was about to make a re mark to this effect, when the sound of wheels was heard, and the excited accents of a man with a lisp. Carwell went to the door, and found Inspector Chard and Mr Moss descending from a trap, "My dear thir," cried the little Hebrew, running up with outstretched hands, "ith Mither Finland here? Ith that girl with him? I've come about them pearlth." "Mr Moss wants to know if the sale was quite regular," explained Chard, as the boy came up to take his horse; "so 1 brought him here to set his mind at rest." "Come in, come In," said Carwell, hos pitably. "Tera and Jack can answer for themselves. Have you had dinner?" "No; I shall be glad of some." "I can't eat a mouthful until I know about the pearlth," said Moses, fussing into the house. "Oh, Mr Finland, hers you are. What about the pearlth?" "Well, what about them?" asked Jack calmly. ' "1th all right, the thale, ithn't it? You had a right to thell them?" "This lady will tell you that I had. The pearls were her property." "Mith! mith!" said the Jew, fluttering up to Tera. "Did you give the pearlth to Mr Finland?" "Yes. I asked him to sell them." "They were your own pearlth?" "My own pearls. I received them from my father, Bull, the High-Chief." Moss leered and rubbed one fat hand against the other. "I thould like to do bithneth with your father, mith. Tho that thale ith all right?" "It Is all right," agreed Tera, gravely ; "you gave two thousand pounds for the pearls, and they belong to you." "Ah!" said the Hebrew, with relief, "that ith tho. Well, mith and mither Finland, I give you one pieth of advith. Don't you thell thucli beautiful pearlth tho cheap again. And now," he added, trotting towards the dinner table, "I can eat a morthel." While this matter was being settled Chard was talkimr to Rachel about the cypher letter, and the cunning way in which Jacob Shackel had bamboozled him. "The old rascal wanted to make a fine effect in court, of course," said he, laughing, "for he might as well have told me at the time that the young lady was alive. I wish I had known the cypher myself. I must get Finland to show it to me." "I can d,o that," answered Rachel, fish ing in her pocket for a pencil, "for it was I who taught Jack the cypher, lie finds it useful in many ways in business. But as he is going to the South Seas I can tell it to you. Do you know the game of noughts and crosses and criss-cross, Mr Chard?" "What do you mean?" asked the inspec tor. "I'll show you. Here is a piece of paper. Observe now." And Rachel drew two dia grams wich she proceeded to fill up with letters. "There is the key to the thing," she said. "You simply put an angle for each letter, with a dot for the right hand one. Have you the letter?" "Here it is. I would not give it to Shackel." Rachel read it. "It means 'Tell Tera to show up; arrested for her murder, — Jack," Now the first word is 'tell,' and you write it this way," and proceeded to ex plain. "You see the T is in the top angie of the criss-cross; and as it is the right- hand letter you must place a dot so." She placed a dot in the top angle of the dia gonal figure. "The E is formed in the right hand top angle of the noughts. Lastly the two L's are in the place under it on the right hand side. ' Now look at Ihe whole word and write the rest of the message yourself." Chard took the word "Jack." and gna- dualiy grasping the idea, wrote it down in the characters. "By Jove, it's very neat," he said, admiringly. "And quite simple," said Rachel, rising. "Now you'd really better have some dinner, Mr Chard." "Thank you, I will. But this cypher reminds me of the arrow-headed As- >>irian letters." y' rRather more like Hebrew characters," s&jhjPCarwell;, joining them. "I wonder you didjx know of it, Inspector. It is in com- "iisn't come my way, then," laugh ed Cjlwrl, drawing the chair to the table, jy Moss was making up for J puSuig tW meal, Zara's murder was the oWthnlc. It would seem that the whole case would have to be re-sifted. The old trial had ended in the discovery that Tera had not been murdered at all. The new one would nave to start on lresn pre mises altogether; a fresh motive would of course have to he sought.' "She said nothing to you likely to lead to the identification of the assassin?" said the inspector, addressing Tera. "I don't know, Mr Chard. She said her errand was to meet her husband in the neighborhood; but from the way in which she spoke I don't think she expect ed him to be very well pleased to see her." "Did she mention his name?" "No, she did not." "I knew the girl Zara," said Jack un expectedly, "she was always about with Slade." "Siade?" repeated Chard, drawing hla brows together; "indeed, is " Before he could finish his speech, Tera, who had been looking idly: at the door, started to her feet with an exclamation. With one accord they all followed her gaze, for the expression on her face was one of amazement. In the doorway stood a tall, dark-skin ned man, dressed in a badly- fitting suit of clothes. He was staring hard at Tera She ran forward and seized his hand. "Tolai!" she cried, and then uttered something in her native tongue. The man smiled, nodded, and, bowed, himself to thd ground. In slavish submission he kissed her feet. He was a Polynesian. CHAPTER XVII.— THE PEARD. The company gathered under Fanner Carwell's hospitable roof were naturally amazed at the unexpected appearance of Tera's couqtryman. Jack, who, of coutov Koiau, recognised hlma-t once the smaller chiefs, .and . came to salute him. So pleased- was »T 'PolaiVAt Toeing addressed in his native |E atongue, ' that he Insisted on rubbing noses aBfe Xldth Finland, much to the amusement of Jtachel and her father. |pv 2'S "Jou giMd man. , You savvy me," said ||£ -vPolal, in his broken English. _ "I glad sea H "you, Jaeky, Tera here, slie glad see Jne." V\ ... I: r - I am astonished to see you," said Tera, Jrowning somewhat. - "What has brought V you here?" "Viara — she sent me all-e-same." "My mother?" said the girl, looking at "jPolai anxiously, "why?" : "Too much devil in Koiau," replied the !;;J?plyhesiah, "no help hig chief. Viara, -,iShe say you go, Mi si Johnson. Tola! he no shamed, he go all-e-same, and — flat Jc Here the native's stock of Eng- 'Ustoi gave out, and he slid into a long ex planation In his own vernacular. Both lack and Tera listened attentively. ; T "What is he talking about?" asked the inspector, curiously. > Tera explained. . It seemed that her \- uncle Niga had revolted against his bro ther Buli, and there was trouble In the island. Bull wished his followers to be come converts to Christianity, whereas Niga, as the head of the. heathen party, . desired to drive the missionaries from the $£;' Island. Vlara, the wife of . Bull and m> p ther of Tera, liad sent Tolai to England to see Johnson, and warn him of the diffi culties Tera might expect to meet with on her return. Tolai had embarked on a ?:' fruit schooner trading to Sydney, and A from that port he had worked his way to ;J- - London before the mast. Bull had given £ him Shackel's address. Arrived there, ? the captain's sister, having provided him A : with money, sent him off to Grimleigh in Y quest Of Johnson. He had been told that Z' Tera, after the trial, had gone on to Car- well's, and thus he had presented himself SL af th<a ri/wir. "But there is something else," said &: Jack, when Tera had told all this to the '-y . company. "I can see i-t in the Kanaka's ' eye." . Tera of course agreed with Jack,- and !£-- began to question Tolai anew. It was poon evident that Finland was right. The man was keeping something back. But In spite of all Tera's commands he refused to tell it to anyone but Mr Johnson. On learning this, Tera said she would take \- him to the minister herself, and set out there and then. Chard took the oppor tunity of putting a few questions to Pharaoh Lee touching his relations with JZara, and Moss, at rest in his mind about the pearls, took his departure from Pol- flew. "Bring back the man to slay here," said Carwell to Tera; "as a native he may find , difficulty in getting a bed in Poldew." "Thank you, Mr Carwell, I will." "When they arrived at Mr Johnson's t house, the minister was surprised to see Tera, but he was still more surprised at the " sight of Tolai. He spoke the native tongue fluently, and Tolai asked to see ; ' him alone. So the preacher sent Tera into the kitchen with his mother for com pany. In half-an-hour's time he joined them and gave the Polynesian a good meal. The minister was pale and an- jtious, It was evident that T'olai's mes sage had been an alarming one. "What is the matter?" Tera asked at onee. "Nothing; nothing. I have nothing to tell you," rejoined Johnson, g.s he escaped back to the study, leaving Tolai eating. But Tera was not to be put off in this way. She knew that there was some thing serious the matter, and, determined r to learn what it was, she followed her guardian into the study. As she closed the door, and came forward with a frown on her handsome face, Johnson looked at her apprehensively, and made a gesture of refusal. This, Tera disregarded alto- gether. "You do not wish to tell me about Tolai," she said in sharper tones than were usual with her, "but I must know, Misi. It is only fair that I should." "I cannot tell you now, Bithiah. Later on I may do so." "Is it a message from my mother?" "Yes, to me. I am not to inform you until I think fit. The time lias not yet come." . "Is the Great Chief dead?" "'Buli? God forbid! No, he is well ,and ' Viara also. Up to the present Niga lias not succeeded in destroying our infant church. Tera," he added earnestly, "do not frown on me, my child. You know I have your welfare at heart. When pos sible I will let you know Viara's message. At present, let me tell you there is noth ing that need disquiet you." Tera looked at her guardian keenly, and apparently her distrust passed away. "You are a good man, Misi. I place my heart in your liana. And now, I wish you to do- something for me." "What is it?" asked Johnson, resting bis aching head on his hand. "I wish you to marry me to Jack!" "No, no I cannot do that. You ask me too- much." / "Misi!" Tera knelt down beside John son a nd seized bis hand, which trembled in her grasp. "You must be brave as you are good. . I was wrong to run away as I did and give you pain, but I feared yoii would part me from Jack. I love him, And I cannot love you. We wish to sail next week for the Sputh Seas— for my own island— and we must be married before we go. . You are my friend— my guardian ; you will surely do me this last kindness." (To be continued.) 