WHISTLING BULLETS. MUSIC OF THU MAUSER. A correspondent ol. tne Morning i ost, writing from South Atricu, says:—"Every man In the way of lire Iish his own likes and dislikes. Some men always bob to a bullet; others catch their breath at a shell; others dread the palter of a Maxim. It is not a question r>£ timidity or of dcad llness. hut o£ personal antipathy. In tnntry lire is, beyond nil question, most fatal, but many pay less heed tu the whispered whistle of the bullet than to any otlief of .the llyjng forms of death. There Is a bird out here, a little brown bird like a brambling, with a note that exactly mimics the Mauser, and an un comfortable habit of fluting It In ugly places. The Les-Metford's note is nearly a third lower, and the Martini has the dull buzz of a laden bee. Be tween the three there can be no mis taking, but the Boers have four or five other rltles harder to recognise. The Mauser's most melodious period is 1800 yards; point blank It is nothing but a nasty nasal sneer, but one may be a poor judge of melody at close quarters. A flat-nosed or 'dum-dumbed* Mauser pro bably makes a sound which one attri butes to some unknown rifle, but the queerest note of all come3 from a Mauser spinning the wrong way after d rlcliocet. It is like the coughing of a sick ghost—Indescribably curdling, The worst and best of bullet music is that one always hears it behind one.” Mr Alfred Joseph, writing to a friend from London, on 9th May, states:—Lord Hopeloun met me Ip Piccadilly, and stop ped me and sbook/h'apds; and Invited me to call on hlimat lds town house, GG Gros venor Square. I: did myself the pleasure of calling, and his.Lordship treated me real well. We had a long conversation on Australian topids, and, perhaps, unlike most people v,ho travel for pleasure, I never miss an opportunity:to speak and point out our great resources, and what a grpnd and wonderful country we possess. His Ijordslilp spoke most feelingly of the people of Victoria, and looked back, he told me, with pride and pleasure on his happy sojourn amongst the best, most loyal and kindest people In the world. He is as ardent a federationist as any of us, and has no fear of any hitch in carrying out the’will of the great majority of the people In Australia. He informed me that two years ugo he advooa ted as Lord Chamberlain that the Court of Appeal should be the House of Lords, and not tire Privy Council. This would save great expense and time (o appellants, and he went further; and advocated that able men, like Sir John,. Madden, Chief Jus tice Way,, end Sir Samuel Griffith, should be made lords, and sit With England's greatest lawyers on appeals. He, lias' given me Mr Ralston's address, In Scotland. Mr Rals ton was with his lordship 'In Australia, and Is still managing for him here, and has invited me to call at '‘Philpstown House,” There are more unlikely things than tljat His Lordship %lU..be the first Governor-General.: His Lordship ' was full of grief when we dtscussecV'the war, and I.mjentioned'pcpr. Colonel Umphel by’e name. . ■ ” 