JAPANESE DREAMS. R. LAFCADIO HEARN, the lecturer on English literature in the Tokyo Univer- sity, Japan, seems to have found his way to a congenial country. His book, "Shafow- ings," deals partly with weird Japanese tales and beliefs, part- ly with the psychology of Mr. Hearn himself. gift Nature seems to have made him a mystic, or a "sensitive;" educa- tion has made him an evolutionist. As a very young child he hated going to church, not for reasons probably fa- miliar to the young, but because it was a Go- thic church, and he felt "the Gothic horror." He was terribly frightened, and specially dreaded "the points." This is a rare form of sensitiveness. By reflection, Mr. Hearne has convinced himself that "the Gothic horror was a horror of monstrous motion." Did anybody else ever suffer these experiences, or detect, in a cathedral, " a shadowing malevolence, a multiple gobinry, a monstrous fetish?" The fact seems to be that Mr. Hearn was an excessive- ly nervous little boy, much like Mr. R. L. Ste- venson, and was brought up on a system of cruel stupidity. From this fact parents may take warning. There hysterical little boys who endure miseries from nocturnal fears, and "the pains of sleep." These may arise from indigestion, or some other puerile malady; or nurses may have told tales of bogles (Scott, as a tiny child, used to close his ears to these), or heredity may come in, and the infant may remember the whole distressing, dim expe- riences of the race, ever since potential man was a fish, or a bird, or an ascidian, or what- ever philosophers choose to say he was. The last is in Lafcadio Hearn's hypothesis, but we much prefer the theory of ill-health, or an early scare. He asks why we are afraid of ghosts. In the first place, many persons, even believers, and even many children, are not. Anybody who studies children knows that they say they see people, often people in old-fashion- ed dresses, walking about the house. They seem to believe in what they say. If "grown ups" have the same experience, they declare that they have seen ghosts, or had experience of hallucinations, and some are frightened, and some are not. They are never alarmed, so long as they think that the perception is a real perception of a real person. This proves that a ghost (or whatever you call it) does not ter- rift, per se, it only terrifies when it is recog- nised for a bogle. Children, especially, till they are foolishly told ghost stories, are not at all frightened by such experiences. For example, there is a portrait of a lady, long dead, in a certain house, and there is a small boy who says that she often visits him. When asked what she said, he replied: "She says Ta- ra- ra-ra boom-de-ay!" In short, ghosts do not scare people; they are only scared by their own theory of ghosts. Mr. Myers has cen- sured the fear of "a harmless phantasm, that would not hurt a fly." The only answer to this is that dogs are dreadfully afraid of ghosts. Now dogs have no theory of ghosts to alarm them. Mr. Hearn, as a child, was obliged to sleep in a dark room. A more philosophical child preferred this, "because," he argued, "if the room is pitch dark I cannot see a ghost in it." He did not know that spectres bring their own light. The room tenanted by the infant Mr. Hearn was locked, and this really was a shame. He screamed, but nobody answered; he dreamed of bogles, and their after images remained when he wakened. He thinks that what people really dread is being touched by ghosts, and that nobody ever was really touch- ed by a ghost; therefore, the fear is inherited from the dream-fears of the past, among the lower animals. But, of course, plenty of peo- ple have had both visual and tactile hallu- cinations, and have believed that ghosts ac- tually did touch him. Such tales frighten children, and there is the obvious philosophy of the matter. Even the mark of the touch, a bruise or blister, persists; clearly by "sug- gestion," as is proved by many experiments. We really need not go back for an explanation to creatures that "tore each other in the slime." Again, it is more probable that indi- A LETTER FROM THE CONQUEROR Field-Marshal Roberts: "The Transvaal, repentant and submissive, is at the feet of your Majesty." Do Wet (from the outside): "And here is the seal." -Caran d'Ache, in the Paris "Figaro." gestion is the cause of the common dream of flying, than that we remember our experiences when (if ever) our ancestors were a kind of ostriches. Or the source of the dream may be nervous, as in the morbid waking sensation of walking on air cushions, which is a very uncomfortable symptom. As to the causes of the world-wide evidence that saints, mediums, and bewitched persons actually have been "levitated" (like Lord Orrery's butler) that is another question. With his gift of dreaming, and of reading strange philosophies in a book he held in dreams, Mr. Hearn must find the Japanese very sympathetic. He translates several of their stories, which are mystic and poetical. The first is the best, and resembles the classi- cal Greek legends used by Goethe in his "Bride of Corinth." A man returns from abroad to his old home, all desolate and ruin- ous, finds there the guiltless and loving wife whom he had divorced, and lo, in the morn- ing, her year-old corpse is in his bed. This ghastly tale is very well and poetically narrat- ed. So is "The Screen Maide," the Japanese form of the story of Pygmalion: a picture does duty of a statue. "The Corpse River" is an excellent nightmare, full of brutal terror: it turns on the posthumous fury of a deal di- vorced woman; and in the Ettrick Shepherd's phrase, "gars you a grue," or shiver. "The Sympathy of Renten" concerns the loves of an "astral body" of a girl, whom the hero later met and married, in the flesh. It re- sembles the current ghost story of the pretty, fair girl in brown velvet, who haunted an English house for months before the lady (an Australian bride) arrived in flesh, blood, and brown velvet. This interesting spectre ap- peared at a lawn tennis party! Thus Japan- ese tales are not unlike our own, though much more fanciful and poetic. They occur in old Japanese books, and were not introduced through European literature. Mr. Hearn also discusses Japanese female names (sometimes topographical, often floral) and Japanese popular poetry, especially the songs about the Cleada, which distantly resemble epigrams in the Greek anthology. The illustrations are from Japanese books. Whether the spectres, and the poetry, will survive modern practical education is not certain, but, judging from European analogy, the dreams will endure- and will be explained by heredity. This theory is sadly overworked. Lord Orrery and two Bishops (Anglican) saw the butler float about the room, as may be read in Glan- vil, and the Austrian Ambassador saw St. Jo- seph of Cupertino fly. We may not like their evidence, but it is quite as good as the evi- dence for the theory that man developed out of a pterodactyl, or other big fowl, and, in dreams, remembers his flights. - "Daily News." 