SOME LUST GOLD MINES- Wi*h things *o roll io the oity (says tbe ' Financial News'), the speculatively inclined may take up the CIUFB to buried treasure furnished by M!r F. W. Hodge, of tbe United States Bureau of Ethnology, who recently returned from a two months' tour on the s tuth west Mexican border. He lipard maay stories cf buried treasure, of whioh we reproduce one or two. Lost gold mine?, of course, are not entirely new to the ui.'y. Some, bearing well-known names, are so thoroughly lost that they have never been found, although maike's are made in the shares. Between tbe years 1736 and 1740, Don Diego Asmendi, a wandering Hesicau miner, reached a settlement of the Pspsgo Indians, sitnated almost upon the present boundary line between Arizona and Sonora, Mezioo, and b; some ohanoe came aorosB a hidden deposit of silver. He astonished tbe Mexicans by returning with what was probably the largest virgin lump of tbe white metal before or since found in the world, containing 2,7061b of pure silver. Another lump weighed 2751b, and the aggregate weight of several other nuggets was 4,0231b. A dispute arose with the Mexican CostomB authorities, who put an enormous tax on these nuggets, and tbe Viceroy was appealed to, He decided tbat the controversy, involving, as it did, the largest silver Lugget found iu tbe world, was beyond his responsibility, and that it wculd have to be referred to tbe King of Spain bimEelf. The King, taking the Viceroy's hint, promptly ruled that a nngget weighing 2,7001b must be regarded as a curiosity, and that all natural cariosities of great value found in the colonies must by courtesy be regarded as the property of the Crown. Asmendi waB naturally heartbroken at suoh treatment, and is said to have left Mexico in disgust with out revealing the preoiBR locality of tb^ wo&derfnl; mine It wae, however, known bejond doubt tbat the lumps of silver were found in or near tbe Papago settlement cf Arizonao The name Atizonae thereupon became widely applied to this region, and when the present territory of Arizona was carved out of Mexico its name was directly derived from this same Papago village, near which the abandoned mine of Asmendi still remains undeveloped. The Papegos still have their little settlement on tbe spot, and would not resist any attempt to mine the region. Ut Hodge learned, from an old and reputable authority, of a store of lost gold known to have remained buried since a generation ago, somewhere between what are now two small stations —< M'Qartj's' and ' Grant'—15 miles aptrt on tbe Santa Fe Paoifio railroad. A Mexican expedition WSB returning from the Californian goldfields laden with treasure when they heard tbat a great band of Navajos were about to raid them. They hastily buried their precious burdens in the district indicated, bnt had hardly covered tbe last nugget an(l planted certain marks before the Indians swept upon them aDd slaughtered all except one, who eecaped to the settlement. Hurry* iog in search of others to help bim reosver the gold, the man met with a mishap, after giving a meagre description of the biding plaoe. A party searched fjr the spot designated, and started excavating; but one of the men hit with bis shovel a etqne with peculiar markings, which resounded with suoh a wierdly hollow tap BB to lead bim to believe that something uncanny resided beneatb. He alarmed his companions, who, being of a superstitious nature, imagined that in a oavern beneath tbe soil the ghosts of the massacred miners were watching aa sentries over their lost treasure. Another story refers to ouite a reoent date. A dozen cr mo^SyiarB a^o an American named Adams came bnrrying biok from tbe Navajo country into the mining town of Gallup, on the Santa Fe Panifioroad, in Western New Mexieo, literally weighed dewn with huge nuggets of pure gald. The people in the locality at once beoame wild with excitement. Adams told how be, with several companions had discovered a rich mine in tbe Navajo reservation, and bow 'hey were juBt gathering from the surface such huge nuggets as be oarried with him when tbey were all raided by a hostile band of Indian?. While fleeing for their liresall were bmchcred excepting himself. A large party wae at onoe organised, ith snffioi'iit strai gth to rfcovnr the mine ; bit AdUms, who held the k?r to <be B'uoatior, succumbing to tbo txoite mont of bis terrible ordeal and narrow esispe, went raving mad, and soon afterwards died in an insane asylum The party, however, attempted the recovery of the gold, but soon returned A fourth story runs:—' In the town of Vuma, whioh lies partly on the California and partly on the Arizona side of the Colorado River, there lived 30 or 40 year ago a Mexioan known to possess a rich but undeveloped gold mine somewhere in the desert to the west. Whenever he beoame in want he mysteriously disappeared from the li'.tle town by night, He was always oareful to change bis course eaob trip, so as to avoid, by retracing his tracks, the leaving of A trail suoh as might lead others to tbe spot Returning, usually in about a week, the man was always heavily laden with preoious metal, the mysterious sonrce of whioh weighed upon the ooriosity of the entire neigh I borhood. 