SIDNEY SIDBLI&HTS.; * - ^JwJE* '^ffpi^ wgftiint -^Ifi— B pictl— E£ «w^ QEQ ff-7-*. ' * f^2p-''V__flari_n.') V ?♦'A-vsmce, lftw»iTH» Fair.' 'ABBtralii. adxanced -ja Saturday fcy sea. ana -hare to aseet the Governac-General of tie Fede ' Os shsr&, -00&3 Australia ms-efted biscuits ?ml sunikur aids to supportiag juireoile ceirite; ecanMEiidai Into trams, toMted np to the' top of -iie swaying 'tone, \raved Hags, and burst I5110 itrafaea fragments of melody. In short, young auasfcralra. intimated in snog ax»d by drinking in* txcmgftaMiz galleass o* 'lsoft sttur' tim it was « 'saiHier of tfe* Queen,** ana a 'son ot the sea;** tfcot It rated Britannia, ami cJiat 'Britons _ev*S' : «csmM 1% Rtaros,** but, s1»to all £hat» it (young Mtfisfcralia) didn't intend to go Aome till mom ingj Syesa* itesfcralSa, young sb-3 oia,, faced tie 3a.wn in craft of every tonnage, tram the small ialf-decker, -witti a tendency to e^rallosr more _alt water tTinm was good tor it, to tae bis mer ?^uuitiiian, with a sliffrt list on the Royal Ar *Jrar sifie. Whichem- side that liappeaed to be ? — port or starboard — that Is \rher3 t&e; Jiat -was. ?SEveryone rushed to see Royal Arthur— no. not jquita everyone. for tHs is a story of the sea, and the eea, ?when It heaves, doesn't egree with everyone. \ ' 'O-oh! eastward ho-o-o! : i \z -A rolling we will go-o-o!'* ' Thus sang the merry man bef ora leaving Man ? ~*o-war Steps on Saturday morning. There lay the 3Dawn and Thetis, invitations included; both, and I iboth included a toss up. How to get on board the Thetis? This is the $flan that failed: Spend a 'warm summer's day '♦rying to see people who know, start at 9 a.m» and by 4 p.m. you will have succeeded in finding —tore people who don't know than you ever want *n sfiA ac-ain. The first ihiner is tn allav eusni : «ion; the second thing is to disbelieve everyone mho tells you (in confidence) to 'go to Mr. vortus.' ? Mr. Ptortus, general secretary to tie Common wealth celebrations, is the final answer to thou sands of notes of interrogation. He is polite and patient, but he firmly repudiates any connec ition with the Thetis. I Other heated persons go through the same mill, and it grinds them till they feel very small. At ? A p jn- on Friday last a portion of the press hung Kfiguratively only) on to the man who was to supply refreshments _to the Thetis. A dark plot jwas hatched: — We, the heated persons, would iflog the footsteps of the refreshment purveyor; ,we would follow him to his home; we would lay in wait for him when he faced the dawn on Sat urday morning; we would hang on to him in his sandwiches, and never desert him in his 'soft $tuf£.' This was another plan that failed. ' Tickets ?or the .Thetis fell like evening dew on lour heated brows at a late hour on Friday, or like the unexpected rain frpm a droughty sky ' Soon after 9 o'clock, with a fresh breeze ahead, find a churning thump of the blue water astern, the Thetis steamed past Farm. Cove en route for the Heads. 'Mutiny on tfie high seas at 9.30 a.m. Saturday! People who were good sailors, wanted to go out Bide the Heads. Heated persons who had gone through seas of trouble (on shore) in connection With the Thetis, wanted their 'pound of flesh.' feople who were not good sailors didn't seem to Want anything, became pensive, resented any at tempt at conversation, and expressed a wish that the Thetis would lie-to.' The Thetis then began to lie-to, under the lee *f the North Head. But there wasn't any lee there. So she took the heavy rollers broadside on. Bad sailors became minute in their inquiries as to the exact length of time the lying-to would continue, and were suddenly seized with, a passion for diving down a small hatchway. Good sailors behaved with their accustomed fconceit (as one of them, I mention this without prejudice) hummed little tunes, affected airs of nonchalance, took a firm hold of the rolling deck Twith their feet, boasted about feeling particularly iwell, and showed all the annoying traits of cha racter .peculiar to good sailors and early risers! ' The merry man tried to sing, *1A-roiling we will go-o-o,' but it wasn't a success. 'After all,' he says, 'I've — oh, dear! — seen the Royal ArtSiur Bcores of times. Dear me! — I — think I'll put in the ? Oh, dear!— time- by going below. Oh!' , iSVent below. ' Then the Royal Arthur grew from a smoky spec ton the distant sea to a black and yellow monster flipping its blunt nose into the foam, and bringing iWJltb it the new Governor-General of Australia. Marine bodies in red, sailors in blue, marine legs in white duck, and sailor legs ditto, lined up on tHe F-oyal Arthur's deck. A feeble figure, (walking forward to rest one hand on the rail, and, With the other, to raise a black cocked hat — our Ifirst glimpse of Lord (Hopetoun on Saturday. All the good sailors on the Thetis cheered hearti'ly, land the sailors, who formed a sliding scale (from findiflerent to bad), said 'Hu-ray— in calm water Egain!' To get from Man-o'-war Steps to the landing Btage in Farm Cove in time for the ceremony was swift work. It was half-past 11 -to the minute 'when Lord Hopetoun stepped on to the pontoon. !&nd; what a pontoon! A glorified vision of red, white, and blue bunting, a roof that was yellow and white, a floor that was chiefly Ted— 43iick red tfelt carpeting. And what a hush of expectation «s the little pinnace came alongside, and his Ex eellency, 'the first Governor-General of Aiistralia, pat his foot on a mud punt! It was a moment of historic Interest. It was 3. scene that the fu ture historians will probably describe in 'half a 43ozen different ways. It 'was a pontoon landing «tage that nobody would ever have suspected of iiaving been a 'stick-in-the-mud' (m privai^ life), and it was a very sick man who walked feeb ly towards -fche gorgeous pavil&oik; ' ; This was painted cream Inside, with wandering Jove- knots in pale blue, that tried 'to join 'in one barmonious union the names of the colonies with those of Parkes, Lyne, Reid, and Barton. These names were fairly cornered at right angles. When the Governor-General reached this lit tle pagoda, what we, the spectators, saw was something as follows: The back, of the Premier's bead, an excited mace wielded by Mr. J. M. Purves (Mayor of North Sydney); not the ghost of another Mayor, Mr. field's profile (on the eye- ? glass and fair- weather side), Captain Walling- . ' ton's gold shoulder 'knot, the brim of Mr. Grim shaw's felt hat, constabulary boots wedged be tween official frock coats, a fold of purple aad red on the Archbishop's neck, the perspiring foreheads of distinguished persons, .Professor . Stuart's nose, oaas and ends (coats, bootB, be%rds, buttons) of companions of the saints (Michael end George), and Sir Matthew Harris'* mJiath mewing in the - Mayoral address— ^these ?were Che outlines of the scene in the pavilion. T6hj fbs jposiHioss mounted the horses Ijete&g;*^ ing to the Governor-General's carriage, the Na-^ . val Brigade moved its leather leggings to the' strains of the National Anthem, and the mounted troops ieS us a fine legacy of dust. On Tuesday afternoon last the ^Tmngi treat to the soldiers' children, was held on the green in Victoria Barracks. A big marquee had been, erected for refreshments. And here foregathered: the youthful artillery to partake to repletion of every sweet delight, from the heavy luxury of pound cake to the exhilarating frothiness of non- ? JTvhvriratfng drink. Though it was whispered^ fhat in the reckless generosity of mixing lemon-*,; aoe with water, the lemonade predominated to' an extent of five parts to one, and it was feared that in. consequence of this excess every child = would hare a 'head' oa the following morning.-' No fetal results occurred. Mrs. French presented the children with, the prizes given by officers' wives to winners in the sports and games arranged for them on the' 'green. And it was astonishing how many chil dren won. a prize for some thins. If it was only for coming in third in a race (with your head turned round to see how near the next runner was); if you were only young enough, you won & sword, a doll with a parasol, a tea set, a drum', that would make the life of everyone belonging to its owner a misery, or a boat, or a ball. 3ziih a bag of sweets thrown in. ' Mrs. Douglas Mackenzie, Mrs. H. P. Airey,' Mrs. E. S. Ryrie, Mrs. Morris, Mrs. JenMnB, Mrs. P. Owen, Mrs. Cecil Lamb, Mrs. Cox Taylor, MrB. King, Mrs. X H. Lee, Miss Anderson, and the Misses Murray helped with the children's fete day on Tuesday. On Thursday evening the annual distribution of prizes in connection with the Fort-street Public School took place in the Sydney Town HalL Four tables loaded with books filled part of tae'5 platform during the early part of the evening. The Minister for Instruction (Mr. J. Perry) pre-' sided, and the headmaster of Fort-street (Mr. Turner) kept bis eye on the northern gallery^ The Town Hall was crowded with an Immense audience, a large proportion of which waa com posed of children. And the occupante of the northern gallery showed a disinclination to lis ten to anything in the way of speeches, and had a happy-go-holiday lave for hearing its own. voices. A maypole dance, with pretty little Ida Dflene afl May Queen, and a musical programme, in which Master Clive Pickup was a sweet .singer, formed the evening's entertainment. 'I say, lend me that book?' asked a nonprizs vrinner. 'Not me,' says the prize man, who 1b very ypung and inclined to be proud; 'you tore one of 'my books befare^ — I know you!' -'Wollj tell us if it's got any bushrangers in it?' 'Noj but it's got a lot about a mission'ry.' 'PooaJ Keep your old book!' On Friday evening Major Holmes lectured in aid of St. St. John Ambulance, in the Protestant Hall. Lieutenant-Colonel Kelly (of the Army Medical Corps) took the chair as president of the society. Dr. Kelly looks particularly well after his trip to Africa, and in spite of the many hardships which the Army Medical Corps shared with the soldiers in this campaign. Major Holmes alluded to the 'cow guns' in the course of his interesting lecture. 'These 6In guns are called cow guns because they are drawn by bullocks,' said he, which seemed as near as you can get to an Irish bull. On Saturday afternoon, the beautiful grounds of Kilnura (the residence ot Mr. Wilkinson), Manly, were thrown open to the public. A large tent, fitted up with stalls, was erected on the lawn. The proceeds of this garden fete were to be given to the Children's Hospital. : In consequence of Mr. John See's illness, Mrs. Thomas Littlejohn declared the fete open. The band of the Naval Volunteer Artillery gave their services; and members of this force went through a clever performance with single-sticks on the tennis lawn. ?' ? % Mrs. Wilkinson, the Misses Wilkinson, Miss Robey, Mrs. Henderson, the Misses. Brentnall, Miss A. Bryant, Miss Littlejohn, Miss Moffit, Miss Thompson, Miss Dowdney, Miss Germain, and Miss Rowe, assisted with the work of this fete. Improvements to Government House. Outside the building these take the form of a new coat of paint on the stables, and a new coat of arms near the portico at the main entrance to Government House. The coat of arms — in a transition state — appeared to represent the kangaroo standing on his head and waving his tail in a spirit of bravado — as his critics say he is inclined to do of late. The coat of arms — in this its finished condition— really represents a swan with a curly neck (formerly mistaken for a tail) and a bear standing on his hind legs. Both are apparently guarding two very fat lions, which have their tongues, not in their cheeks, but hanging out. The whole is surmounted by a man's head. This carving, you will perhaps be surprised to hear, is intended as a delicate compliment to Earl Beau champ, who was not usually (when in residence) embarrassed by a surfeit of these kind of atten tions. 'The lot is fallen unto me in a fair ground' is given as the translation of the remark the swan (who speaks elegant Latin) is addressing to the bear. And the man, who was having a piece chipped out of his nose, proves to be a Saracen, who is probably used to insults! Inside the building there has been a beating cf carpets and dusting of chairs, and there has' also been added a strongroom, to hold his Excellen cy's plate. Any friends of mine who are in the burgling profession are warned that the under butler (a jaan of sturdy build, armed with a re volver) will sleep near the new strongroom in Government House 