THIE HAUNTED .CHIMNEY. '' If-the signoriua willtake ray advice,' he bt houltir a tthi'f Ti ?,elielow shrugediiiffshoui de r', lootI ; about hlii? mysteriously, then, cOmifig a step nearer, tigan in. a low voice-; - FcBecause=' .: ;-.What are you chatting about you 'in brcile ' the landlord's voice: broke in as at this moment hn appeired-at the door. The servant drei bacd: and though he ' held his tongue; the expressiof?of ?is face did not change. 'The signor willIdoubtles wish to refresh himself with a good night's rest, after his?s 0ong journey,' the landlord remarkred to- me, in the obsequibus' tfi6 of his class;i then, turning iipatiently to!the servant again, he continued .And -you stand'there doing no hingtand. by ;your idle gossip keep our guess from shlepg. "" - It is riot l iwhokeep him from sleeping,:' mutteredi Antinio, :io hepr doceeded to un- i fas en. the straps of my.portmanteau:. '..'Bassta; enough,!'.exclaimed his master, ;angrily; then to me, in 'qi- ea suave manner, I:wishyou a good night's ' epos,' .'addingr' i,,sinuatingly, ' you will. ndt, have 'allowed! your mind to'be perturbed by .'this ?fellow's idle chatter '" - tOh. no-!' I answered shbity - . I was cross, and too sleepy to heed the un easy manner of the landloid, ord-; the ..timim?d deprecating glances of the ser:vaI.: ? _: .' -ood iight,' l added; by wjJ i that I wished lto be alone -- ;:. - '-Good night, and may your repos6.le tran quil !' saying which, mine hosat- bowed him- self out of the room. "Your servant, sir !' -and- Antonio made an an obeisance, then, passing celose' by me, as he hurried to the door, where, his- master. awaited him with visible impatience he minan -aged to- w.hisper,-' ee that thli` fire-1oisd?lis fastened tight, and-keep :-you'ri:<candle burn i-g- I am rat the-end of the ball: 1.. I I sa.. ' iit stat.led by this i?isterious advice; thongh: to: proud to.betray ryivrshdden perturbatiois by demanding an ei~xplanation then and there.-: - - .. - :At hatt timi I was an aspiring young. art student?-add hadi cismto pass a few weeks. in;.,venice, 'where aloue, of. all- -tlhe- cities in Italy, does the wonderful:colouring--of the skies entrance the painter's.soul,, and seem, to. defy hia,palett.e. Irt v t Ithwas oti-'mny first visi to.' the' Queen of the .Adriatic; nor tothis queer..old inn.. It was a tumble down Aiiilding, which- cent uii-es before :had:been a. palace -as the dwiilinigs of the Italiani inobility are called "; but the "agesi ad comei and gone, and the last scion of the race whidh had formerly claimed this among its numerous residences had-long since pa-sed: away. Owing to the fact that it was situated' in-a small canal at some distance from the.i grand Ciaial, itlescped general notice : To asscend to the apartmnents: which at pres. eztconiititutedidth: hostelry, bonu had-b t pass funde.r the'great ariched oorway, through' thl -emipty space beyond to:the stairs, which: led up to the second floor.' - Here siomiiof `thp latltial rorms had been. 'partitioned off~inte small ·iapartifients.. On-i the occasiion of mniy present visit the :house :wais fuill, and thus ones' of the large rooms, undisthurbed b .: ineltentlh _ccnt'ury earpenter andn mason, was -assigned to mre :; it wasI:are and lofty, -its two windows; sveral feet from- the ground---reached by eights of three ateps--looked out onthe nar row strijip ofwater below . - - - - -i At this hour thby were .barzdi," y?ha e, .A~od inih U1t trs.' while fided hn?ins a d drapEdl: themain d-gave a strainge, aloiboist-w?itd a peet .to the deep recesses 'above thiie:' httle st·ote stops. . Between the windows stood- a marblecon -sole over which hung un oblong- mirrorCil a ;t'rnished gilt fraRine_. :-; -.' . "On oIne side of the roo -was -the high niar row oed with canopy and c'iftaiis like those aith'e wiindows ; and' at its- ileft was the priedien-; on the right: the iight table-.'' SlChairs'were placed-stiffly ag?instthe wall, aroundi the roomo: - :" - :. - . . : .- At the farther end of thisivkst- apartment, anid facing the bed, was the huge fireplace, which dl6boked black.:: and f-athiomin~ isP as a ca~ri;, b? the dim lighlit whioh l;. the candle shiedthrough~iitjthe room., . ::: Over this hung a- strip of fiaded-darmaisk, like theb other drapteries intefxtire ranid "de igin:.;-it' partiall y coincealedt the' fireboard, which had been removed: from its .accustomed plikee?andr:placed'ini oni side. : ..Istood for a moment listening: to the ref reatinig footslteps with a curiously uneasy feeling creeping over me as -presentlyl they ceased and all W'as:still.( .8- ::, I took:up the.candlefand proceededto make .a close~iirvey ofitheroom. - - I tried the v'rio6'i 'd:oors and windows finding them aill-sii ely fastened;.' opened tfe suiribersot oaod obe, an-c---let; me- con' \---ssit acttiallylookd ~;ider-tie bed. IFihilf,"I "st0o'ef:d Land gaiid-:-;iito the isombre.depths of the ancient fireplace;, and as Idid so, my light flickeied:. : ' I :went back to the table; and;" pu::'ttiig. down the candle, opeped muy 'portmainteau 'ad began -to take ot thei nec~s"may articlEs i'I debated a little: while: a hetler: or 'no to put out th ligita vague ?nse~d6s ~ funeasi Iess oppressing me which I waase~ih'~amed i te .ackn owld~ge, even to myself, ti.hen-b'ut i 'lIft it burning"f. . :- -,- , I fell ihto and uneasy sleep, the result of Tatigue and a late supper, perhaps. :II was aakened suddenly by the sound of Shieavy fall, followed by a deathalike silence. ;I'sat up in bed and looked round the room, wondering sleepily why my canldle was still i-rnirig?iind-was- about-to blow-it ta whe:-l· Autonio's mysterious advice inme: iback to me. . : Again I fell asleep, for how long I cannot .say, when once more I was aroused by the noise of a dull- thud, such as the falling of 'a body would make. , But this time, instead: of - utter silendceL wwiich befbre had tii.at startled me and :.then served-to quiet my fears--a moan- fell ?upon the air. -. '- - ' isprang from the bed; a dit:graisping:htc candlestick in which the c-iadIe was 'fast lI.rni in its scket: I started . 8cross thelie romto nviitirestiate ifpossible;? thi s'stirnge ::Five . m int t ~trI a baki in" ied aai,? and, inclined.to- reprogach.mys:ill f?,eaai I turned over, and fell rinto a more rest-' ifu- slumber It.seeins to. me, as I recall: the' happenings of:that higlit, after the lapse of. many years ithat I could scarcely have closed my ?eyes .wrhe- still' agin, 1 was awakened, this time 'by so?i'iei;ir.g ro-"?ui down- the,chimney then falling heavily. upon the rnmare 'h earth, ;:'The canrdle flickered, and before I had Itime to iecover myself, shot. iup one 'feble and weni our, At that instant the distant bells of San Marco-at least;I' fancied -'twas they--chi i-ed ddthe liour, of three.??': :. j' The lovely.summendc.iawn must be break ing the cloudless'- enetian skies, but the `barred casements kept out even a possible ray of light. I? felt round over the cold marble top of the little.table at my bedside for the match's, adnd jist as I found one a deep grown fell 'upon rny eai, and for 'a moment' my hand t'rembled so that I could not strike it. [ At length I-had it lighted only to discover :that the other candle was on the centre table. 1 T::The little vwax light was burning quickly ir,.n y hands, and. would barely last to get me ,across the room. -I stepped hastily to the floor, and moved iover to where the unlighted candle stood. The illumnination which this fresh one gave cwas:dimafid wav'eringbut holding it steady until I} felt sure fthat it would not go,-out,- I: walked over. to the: fireplace,- stoppiing suiid denly short as -Istood within a&few; feet' of' S t while ,itseemedt'o mr that the loud beating of my heart must dro?wn ,every .otber sound. "For a imoriteft Icould ln6t get my. breadth there,,as I fetclied: lon, gasping sigh. .I could feel.the cold -perspiration running down mny back. Just in front of the great chimney, with wide open eyes.fastened upon me, lay a man's head,:seyered from- his body, and with the blood-flbwing freshly from the neck. I pulled myself together, trying, as best I: could, to take in the situation. Had a'murder been committed then and there, and where was the body ? I stepped closer and closer, fasciinatad by the horror of the great, staring eyes, which. seemed to draw me on, .when, suddenly, I found myself looking into empty space. -The head had disappeared. I dropped on my knees, and still: grasping. the-candlest~ek tightly crept up to the gaping mouth of the fireplace, some unlknown but irresista'ole power .forcing. me on .until. I was on the spot where, a moment. before that ghastly head had lain. I leaned forward to peep into the chimney. moving my candlea little to throwva stronger .light on the opening, when a - gust extin guished it..and in the darkness which fol lo'wed. the silence' was broken only by a suc .cession of low moans, which gradually died upon:.then air. i. The candlestick fell from. my now nerve 'less liand, and I could: hear. it rolling, away .beyond'my reach. S.-opened my mouth to call, "nut not a sound issued from my parched throat. :-I' mde a last superhuman efiort.to-free my- ' .self from. the horrible' 'fear which, ,was fast overpowering me. .Struggliig. to my feet, I managed to stag ger toward where I believed the window's. ,were, only.to sink upon thie stone .steps, quaking with a new dread, as, even as I :touched the drapery ,which huing beside it a- ray of light fell- tpon the floor, and tli. fliEire of i- ai"-a dr-ag~isg a ?i'hadless body?, appeart: before my irisorrow.stricken eye;s.. di:stihve been to hr later "th\~ I. ;ospeil.d my eyee, to ls e honesit Antonio" bEi diig over ine. For. a- moment the ihit pauring in from' the open casedment almoistblinded me:. SMy R G'od ' Whatr a' sitf ." gasped, as the good fellow,- pui; ting hisarms about me, half carried me to the bied. "Holdid'not reply,; but moved quiclkly back to the other window, removed the bar, and opened wide the wooden shutters, and:- pick inug uipfrom..the step the oil larfip which: he, had probably. had inhis-hand' when be entered' Sthe room, put it on the console. Then, still silent, hie went toward the fire place,-arid.taking up the great tireoboard put it into place,. remarking laconically as.' [hedid so - : '.Thesignorina forgot to, fasten' the fiie, boardalitappears.' .. I With the light of day' pouring into the room,: and the Sweet 'morniing air gently mo ving the shadows on the wall,.the horror of th'e night began toldisappear, andI felt my. stirength reti~rning, . I watched Antonio and tried' to think ; but iy brain was not in working- order, and the. very effort made me dizzy. A-itoni6o, turning fi'om the chimney, looked atmhe;lthen taiking up my flask from the table' poured some of its contents into a glass, and bringing -it to me said ; . " Drink that. I will bring you your coffee in irtfe?i, moments.' ,' How did you get in ?' I asked him when he aeturned with .the bevarage. 'The signorino asked me to call him at dawni 'i he wished tostudy sunrise eifects, ~ Ie imdeearly to the door. . I knew when I received no answer to my knocks, that something'had happened. It was not ditic'ult to force the o!d'lobck.' ..'Tell mni; what was it I'. It was too real to have been nightmare. What was it, An tonio 1' . . . .. ' The signorino does not knoiw And yiit i is.an oldIstory liere. 'Twras the. ghost of the murdetred man." " It was not a ghost at all !': I exclaimed. Iti was a head. S::',G'od forbid t :?::??":;-•.-.. Aid Aiitonio crbssed himself. "" S'I ishall niotpa o?sao the r 'ight in this ' N0o1 Aind:oily last spring, a painter, Ione of your! compatriots, came here 'from Iome, ,and stayed ir tliis very room- on pur pose tbo: see the head. 'He went iaway much disappointed, for it:never appeared to him, though he did:li hear it in the chimney.' -.,By this time I ivas dressed, but was deter miii4 to hear the story before I left. It had begun .to dawn upon me'that An tonio-did not mean to tell it. -,, Come,. Antdnio,' I began. '?At this nimoment my gondolier-appeared at the door;. ' Francesco knows it better tba i : andi Besides,''said Antonio,' we 'are not aliowed to talk about it in this house.' Francesco was ready enough to repeat the gruesome tale, and with all the dramatic fer vour of his race, went over it in in detail. It was toward the middle of the last. cen tury that Duke Gerolamoade Gerolamer lived in this, his ancestral, home, with his two sons. and his ward, the only child of his sister. Tt was intended that the heir to the proud. old name should marry the fair young cousin, and of course the wayward girl fell in love with the younger son, who returned her p,,s sion teufo!d. But the guardian and uncle laughed at this childish folly, and calmly fixed: the wed ding day. Meantime, the hatred of the brothers grew. The elder was enraged because be could not win the love of the woman who was to be his wife ; the younger was furious -and despairing because, through this accident of birth which made him the younger son, he was denied possession- of her who alone mado life worth living. Tt was the eve of the wedding, which was destined never to be, that their last and fatal quarrel took place. It is told that Don Alessanoro said to the heir If I cannot have her,. then you shall: not . ! - I'n tvai, the oinely' Biancas-drawm thither,- . - Eby- the lrýloud ,ords -tried to stop thein,weep iuiih-'and protesting that she,; the: unhappy caiuse of their discussion, would kill herself if they .did not cease; then and there, their strife, Her ptesence only added fuel to tl;e flame. The men fought like tigers, and whn,,, at length, Alessandra fell at his brother's feet, the heir, now quite beside himself, and with the thirst of blood upon him, drew his sword across the neck, severing the head from the body. Only then, as- a deep groan fell upon the air, and for the last time the eyes opened and gazed steadily at him, did the murderer re.l- ise, perhaps, his crime. With the cunning of a madman, he dragged the hetadless.~-runk across the room, and with a supreme- effort lifted the ghastly. burden and threw it into the narrow canal which flowed silently beneath the windows. lHe started back to dispose of the head, too, but as he stooped to take it up, a low moan fell upon his-eair. Blinea lay, as she. had fallen upon the hearth, and even as the young Gerolanio bent over her prostrate form, breathed out her life in a long-drawn si gh. The head,. which lie had dropped when-at-4 tracted by Blanca's moan,, rolled- into the fireplace and disappeared. - The heir died soon after in a madman's: chains, and the childless,. broken-hearted. father followed him quickly to the grvra.v The distant heirs had gladly disposed of the palace for a nominal surm, encunm,lere.1 "? - it was by the nioriory of a fearful' crime and the-bleeding head.which haunted it at inter- v'als. SWomen- make a- great' deal of trouble," said Francesco, by way of conclusion, 'Now, if the beautiful Blanca had no;. made the mistake of falling, in love with.the wrong man. .! An expressirve gesture finished" the sen-. tence. . ' It is said,' he remrrked, after a pause,, 'that only when the skull of.the murdered: man can. be found" will ii ?sgiost cease to. troui le: thie occupants of th:iat rmoim. How tired,' he adied naively; the heaid mustb hbe;, ::rling up and dewnr the lhimney ! Almost ali-hear it, few see it.... " The signor paiinter.was one-of three. " ;The gondola has-stopped just opposite San_ Giorgio Mg~niomIe, where the artists were-as. - sembled evus atthis early hour, studying the ever-changningbeauty of the old church in the· soft morning, light. My pIencit- strayed over the canvas;.hult insteadi obf the outline of the church it was .thaiktof a man's head, which, as the day wore on, grrew into the likeness of the one I had= seen the previous night. There is nothing more-to say. The story of the haunted chambier is too. well known to need further proof from me, Swhile as to my. lersonal experience with.it, lean add nothing... I have related facts as tliey occurred. Sceptics may laugh at my story, and hint;. at nightmare and other consequences.ofa: late supper, I know better. One thing, remember, I did not hear the tale until' the day. following my. visit from. the ghost. I have visited Venice many times since Sthen; but I have never returned to that oW. Spalace on the little canal.. . I - ... . . . 