90fc Some Engtlsb Ghesls. There Is at any rate one ghost In London, for the first Lord Holland Is said to walk the Sir Josbus Room In Holland House with his head In his hand —a very fashionable Ghostly proceeding —on certain nights of the year : and It Is a known fact lhat there are many houses which never have been let, never arc let, and never will lie let for any length of time on account of uncanny traditions associated with thean. Tlie people who lake these houses are ready enough to stay, but no iservaiits will slay, and so they are driven elsewhere. No strange to Djisam was ever shown Tit Hnee .by a native without being told the "Wicked" Lord Lyttelton's ghost-story—the white bird which flultered at lite window on 1lio uiftM of 'JJili November, 1779, changing into n white robed woman, who approacited the foot of Ills lied, and told blm lhat lie would tie dead In three days, wlilcli actually happened. Sussex, which or ail tbe home counties has retained its old characteristics the most, has a good many ghosts who are still realities In llie eyes of the rustics of that illlle-vislted district, which was onee the centre of England's Iron industry. There Is old Oxcnliridge of Brede Plaee There is the headless man or St. Leonard's Forest, known as Squire Paulett, who jumps upon the crupper ot a hoiveuiau entering the rorest and remains there until clear of It. There Is ririimmer or nurstmoneeaiix. Ulaek s-a favourite shape assumed by ghosts all over Kngland—haunt all dark and lone by roads, and under t sequestered wooden hridge a headless woman may be seen spinning : whilst on llie old cattle-road liel.ween Kingston, near I.ewe-s. and the Marshes, known as the Prove Way. a goblin may be seen on any dark, wild night Incessantly spinning charcoal! The same species of " general" ghosts. _s thev may lie called. Is recorded by Mr. Rye. the Norfolk topographer, lo lie slriingly developed In bis eonnly. There Is the pale, long-haired woman. runs shrieking amongst the pits on Aylmerlon Heath. There la the great black "Pliuck Dog" —the word " Shuck" said to mean the devil—who at ColHslinll Ilrldge IP headless, and at Salhonse has a "blazing eye In the centre of his forenead. and who has a brother at Peel Castle In llie Isle of Man. the spirit of a murdered prisoner. known as tlie Maullic Dog. But the (historical ghosts are more Interesting dbleetsi of study. In tills same county or Norfolk, says Mr. Rye. young Lord Dacre. who was murdered In 15G5 by his guardian. Blr Rlebard Fulmerston, who arranged that a roeltlng-horse on which the boy sal should fall, still prances about on a (headless, or course) rocking-horse. Anne Boleyn still rides down the avenne of miekllng Park once a year. In a hearse-like coach, drawn by four "headless horses, and driven by a'headless driver, with her head In her lap; and her father, Sir Thomas, does the same thing. At Calstor Castle there Is another coach and headless team, and yet another near Great Melton. This last rise* from a pool every midday and midnight, and with Its load of four headless, dripping, wihite-robed ladles passes slowly round the Held and sinks again : and tradition says that at this spot, long ago. a bridal party were upset Into this pool and never seen again. Then there Is the Gray Lady of Kalnham—not to be confounded with the Brown Ladv of Ralnham In Durham— w<ho represents Lady Dorothy Walpole, forced. It Is said, to marry Lord Townsend In 1713. A finmly believed-ln coarih-ghost ft that of Ladv Howard, daughter and heiress of Sir John Fitz of Fitzford. In Devonshire, about 1800. who. Mr. Baring-Gould says, travels nightly from Okebampton Castle to Fitzford Gate, Tavistock. In a coach of bones, preceded by a phantom dog. Gabriel "Craddock Is a well-known Essex ghost. He Tvas famous 1n the middle ot the last century as '.Terry Lynch Ibe highwayman, -who with the proceeds of his exploits, bntlt Lapwater Hall, near Leigh, so called because, upon the application of the workmen for drink, he bld< them "lap .water." He was run to earth In his new house, wounded, and drowned In the pond to he had directed the thirsty workmen's attention, and the is still believed be seen on wild nights, bandy-legged, mounted on an earless mare, fleeing his pursuers as they came from Shenfleld. Ingrave, Horndon, Lalndon, and Pltsea. Mannlngton Hall, the residence of the Walpoles. Earis of Orford, has Its ghostly associations. Horatio, second earl, removed all the tombstones of the Kcalmers, the former possessors of the Hall, from Wldkmere Church, and one of the burled ladles Is still believed to walk round tbe churchyard. To atone for the sacrilege, every Earl of Orford his burial was.driven In his hearse three times round Wlckmere Ghacdi before being finally laid to rest Very well known Is the stile at Ltttlecote. near Marlborough, on the old Bathroad. wberat Wild Darrell. the principal in the terribly weird tragedy at LHtlecoteHaTl.tsstni believed to be seen, followed by bis howling bounds, as on Hie day when he met bis death hereriding madly along, reckless In his conscience torture, and confronted by the apparition of a babe burning In a flame. All i;the. unhappy ladles of history " walk" : Abn of Cleves paces up and down the gallery bearing her name In Hever Castle: Fair Rosamond walks on the river-bank Oodstow; Amy Robsart on tbe ride of Own nor; Mary, Queen of Scots, at Fotherlnghay. At Apethorpe: tbe Earl of Westmoreland's seat In NorthamjitonBhlre. Lady Grace, wife of the first earl, walks In a corridor, scattering silver pennies as sh; goes ;'biit tbe pennies are air, and woe to him who tries to test tneir solidity— so say, and probably believe, tbe good folk aronnd. In the romantic North Country these poor dames abound. There Is the Brown Lady of Rainham—ftately In coir and rich Iwocade. but eyeless. Th^re ls "'l?llky" of Dentop HoII. near Jv'flweasHe. In a flowered, long-welsted satin town and a satin -hood- Tliere is theJFliHe Ladiri.jo/ fklrnej Castle; X*ay Derwentwater of Dilston Castle; the Gray Wpman ot iyilHngton : Meg or Meldop |n. # ,:broafl _<hat ; the While Lady BlenUosop, wbji.isUU-walls over a chest ot gold. the canse of all the an. bniiMa of,, berimarrled^llfe. en in n>ulUe *llls. 71he f*moiM -Cauld Lad at Bytton.^On .the river Wear, was only "laid", dnrinc tbeflast ientnry, but bis wan, ^ rmeaBld l Tm-oauld r baa been •worn to -as iheard ata m«eh .later date 1- Be was boi qults a atoek ghost of the allanfc glfdtog4ype, but was more i at a brow»!»j»EJjgl& ff<*Wt» hard in iHls gbwt al waa a ' wandering mltwlrel Who called at t|,p castle, which Is near Ilaltwlils|]P on the Poulli Tyne. was ndniilicd. nnil pleased tlie Ulenklnsop owner f.>v s time, until he got suspicious Hint tlirpoor old gray-clad singer was a spv rrom a nelghlKiur baron with wlmir, he was al feud. The minstrel got that he was suspected, and sMc away niprfklnsop sent liloodhouncls aHcv Mm and he was torn to pieces. This i^,,' pened In 1470. and l.he Grny ^Tan slill spoken of 1n a district, by means behind the age In rednenicni |n. telllgence. and education. tTnrli.v Pus. tie. near Carlisle, has been nioiicriii^nii but In lis wainscoted, taposlrlmi "nimjl Room" llie Radiant Boy sim n:i||(5 At Cliiillnghatn OaRtle in N'oi-iiMln,|„'lr; land there was also a Hadlnui nnv im til Che (skeleton of a boy found In .hip of the ibedrootn wslls, not very 1 .ng ng.i was btirled, end then he dis:tp|>(.nt',„i • and at Coatham In yorkshire. pnimlir tradition speaks of a shining eltlM wlm vanishes when ipnnsned. Apropos of ghostly children, a prettv tradition Is connected with n eertal'n AVest Country hbiise, to llie eltccl U\;it every cold morning Is seen on tlie win dow the scribbling of little lingers noi hi be effaced by any nniouut of rubiiinE —" Chajnbers's Journal." Abridged 