THE BOOMERANG CLUB. [CHRONICLED BY TUB COLONEL ] The usual weekly meeting of the Boomerang Club was hold at the rooms on Wednesday night. Tbe President (Mr. Fizgig) occupying tbe gchair. Mr. Crip piegate said bo was glad tbe club met that evening, because there would be a record fall of snow next day. Mr. Clatter- wag: How can yon possibly tell that ? Mr. Cripplegate: Tbe honorable member knows perfectly well that sometimes the reporter doesu'.t write us up until Thursday night or Friday morning; that's how he kuew on Wednesday what would not happen for a couple of days. However, they had had a tremendous fall of snow to-morrow, and it bad taken well and given pleasure to all. There was nothing so delightful as snow. It was an emblem of purity, it cleared the air, it stuuned, if it didn't kill, all manner of fever germs, and above all it swelled the grain in the ground and was the sure and certain harbinger of a bouuiiful harvest. It was true that it led tbe small boy to be disrespectful to hi6 elders. He (the speaker) was walking quietly along Summer-street, lifting bis feet 18 inches every step when a snowball Mr. Clatterwag: He got it where McDooley got the brick, And it made him feel particularly sick; You should have heard him swear As he scraped it from his hair He got it where McDooley got the brick— In the ncck! Mr. Podsnap thought snow was all very well in its place, but its place was at the South Pole along with Borcbgreviuk. What was the good of ths Daily Telcgrayh making such a song about the bravery of Antarctic exploration when The President: Order! The honorable member must make no reflections on tho climate. Mr. Clatterwag: Ob, the scene was most delightful To a brand-new- chum! But to lots it's something frightful When the snowilakcs come! And it ain't so very nobby For the nearly-frozen bobby, And he's apt to make a hobby Of a real hot rum! Mr. Willicotnbe said be observed with much amusement that the people of Barthirst were doing their level best to persuade themselves and the Federal Capital Commissioner that eleven times ten was 65\. Tbe line of argument—it couldn't be called evidence—giveu before Mr. Oliver at the recent enquiry was not so much npon the merits of Bar-thirst as upon the dements of Orange. A local medico said the climate of Bathurst was far better than that of Orange because there were no rats there. Mr. Clatterwag : No rate ? Then how in thunder did W. W. Young get into Parliament ? ; Mr. Willicombe did not' mean political rats, be meant four-legged rats, rodentia, the typical mammalia of tho family Muridre and allied to the Cercomys cuniculariers ! Mr. Clatterwag: Great Ceaser's ghost 1 Aint they got no blessed Cercomys cuniculariers in Bathurst ? Mr. Willicombe: Not one 1 Mr. Clatterwag: Ob, I suppose there's nothing there for the poor little beggars to eat, so tbey all come to Orange where the tucker is! Mr. Willicombe said the Bathnrst doctor had said also that there was no filth in Bathurst as there was in Orange, and so the plague was not like to break oat there as it was here. It was true, this genial doctor was reported to have eaid, that the Orange hotels were crowded in summer, but that was not bebaae there were more visitors bat becauBB Orange was only a twopenny-halfpenny town compared to Bathurst. The satno doctor Baidi Orange was a very bad place for asthma. Mr. Clatterwag : So it is. Mr. Willicombe: What? Mr. Clatterwag: Tbe doctor's right there. Asthma doesn't make half the headway here that it doeB in Bathnrst. This is a very bad place for asthma. Mr. Podsnap said he noticed that Mr. Oliver had been entertained in Bathurst by the Mayor, who expressed a hope that Bathurst would become the Federal capital. Mr. Clatterwag: Perhaps they'll get Billy Yodii^ to bring in a Bill to alter the multiplication table I Mr. Podsnap said Mr. Oliver, in reply to his health, had said what a pleasant time Jib 'had in Bathurst, and he found tbejnjlce had features very different to thosp be had to weep over the last time be was thore. Mr. Clatterwag: Didn't they entertain himthe last timo ? Mr. Podsnap supposed not. The Mayor of Batltupst (explained that Orange only had a .catchment area of seven square miles fot its water supply, while Bathnrst bad an area of between 300 and 400 square miles. Mr. Clatterwag: Then why the deuce do.they pump slush oat of that boghole they call the Macqtutrie River to supply their town with water ? Mfv|PodsnaD said the Mayor of Batb arsl kaid ? jfchey always stated the true fats^JJroift^lp heat in summer, aud did not bribfe the local papers to say the heat was 88 when it was 101. Mr, Clatterwag: Perhaps they bribe 'em to Bay it's 76. They must pay a pretty iit^f price to keep all mention of their typnoid cases out of the press I . MlVivripplegato sympathised with Bathurst. , It had lived, so long on Government tnonpy,. having little or no energy of its own, that it could not bear the thought of Another place becoming the federal city. Id Orange things were different. This was not tbe ecclesiastical headcentre, nor the criminal head-centre, nor the police head-ceutre, nor the railway head-centre, nor the collogeate headcentre. Orange bad no money wa&ted; on technical colleges nor Bcbools of mines. It depended upon its own energy aud enterprise, and was entirely' Independent of adventitious aid. He thought the federal capital'should go to Bathurst, because? that tovvn depended almost entirely on Government disbursements; and if the capital were in Orange, tho best shops in William- street and Howick-streefc would be offering at half-a-crown a week and no takers! Mr. Suatchley: Please give us a city, sir, Our town is almost dead; And oh, we are so hungry, sir, A city, please, for bread! We know we re always begging, Alas, it is too true! We have no self-reliance. So what are we to do—oo—oo P Please give us the city, sir, We're gasping fit to chqke ; If Orange collars the city, sir, We'll all go stonybroke. Mr. Podsnap said the Bathurst people were very wise to entertain Mr. Oliver It seemed that that gentlemau owned the whole blessed continent, and that the Federal Parliament would have no say in tbe matter at all. To be sure, the Bill said the Parliament should dccidc, but the Bill also said that the capital should be not less than 100 miles from Sydney, while Bathurst was only 95 miles in a straight line. Mr. Clatterwag: Suppose they dou't measure in a straight line ? Mr. Podsnap: Then they could have it at North Shore by measuring from Redfern along the Newcastle line, and ba«.k again to Milson's Poiut. But Mr. Oliver would show tho Federal Parliament that 11 times 10 was 95 ; only a slight alteration of the multiplication table was necessary. Mr. Clatterwag: Remember that cartoon by Hopkins in the Uullelin about Bathurst at the timo of the Federal Confei •ence there ? It suggested Bathurst had to get more Government money or tho town would have the bailiffs in. Mr. Soatchley : Oh, Bathurst, thou secluded spot, Whose folks are such a homely lot, That pasing strangers, in disdain, Call thee "The City of the Plain!" Mr. Clatterwag: We'll give 'em a Roland for their Olivor ! On the motion of Mr. Pocklingbury, the Club adjourned to tho Court House Hotel and drank success to Bathurst brass and monumental impudence. 