THE STAGE. It was recently announced that Mr. George ilusgrove 'had engaged Mme. Caro Roma., an American prima donna, to ap pear in Australia. Of the lady a recent -M.A-P.' sars:— jDne. Caro Koma is tlia* rara avis, a genuine light opera prima don ua ? actress and singer combined. Bat, alas, there are no more light operas, only musical pieces, so ilnie. Caro Roma now uses her tine voice on the concert etage. She has been most successful, having done a series of tours all through Great Britain. A New York cable of August 8 stated that Miss Edna May, who is now filling ai engagement a* tiie Winter Garden, Ber lin, will make her nest appearance in New York and London under the management of Mr. Charles Frohman. The contract had just been signed. Mr. Cecil Raleigh, the author of 'Hearts Are Trumps,' the scenic triumph which Mr. Blind Holt has staged at the Theatre Royal, Sydney, lias been retained by Mr. Arthur Collins, of Drury Lane, to write the autumn dramas for that theatre for the nest three years. According to the 'Whitehall Review,' Mr. Kyrle Bellew contemplates building for himself a theatee in the West End. It is generally understood that Mr. Bellew is a wealthy man, 60 that there seems good foundation for the statement. In the means time, he has accepted a new drama, writ ten by Louis N. Parker and Addison Bright. The Russians have a veteran actress of whom they are very proud. Madame Or lay, in spite of bang 95 years of age, re cently appeared on the stage in a perform ance specially given in aid of a charitable institution. Madame Orlav has the dis tinction of having been the first actress to play Lady Macbeth and Ophelia in the Russian tongue. The theatre in the Austrian town of liemburg will shortly possess one of the most striking and magnificent dropscenes in the world (says the 'Daily Mail'). It is the work of the great Polish artist, Henri Siedmiradzki, and represents the i-elphic priestess obtaining inspiration by sitting on her txipod over an. opening in the ground, from which dense vapors ascend. There are, besides, numbers of symbolical groups, one, for instance, of humanity pursuing the three great illusions, fame, fortune, and love. Miss Louis Morrell, a Melbourne mezzo, rcceuuj gave & blu^cssiui ww^i'i* ah. uie Steinway-hall, London. Miss Morrell and Miss Ada Crossley were fellow students in the southern capital, and were both pupils of the late Madame Fanny Simonsen. Miss Morrell made her first appearance at Mel bourne in May, 1835, and tie following year was engaged by Mdlle. Antoinette Tre belli to tour tbe Australian colonies with her concert company. Prior to her pepar ture from Melbourne for England, Miss Morrell was given a farewell concert at the Town-hall, which was filled by a tremen dously enthusiastic audience. At her Lon don concert Miss Morrell was assisted by Madame Belle Cole, Miss Maud MaeCartSiy (the marvellous young violinist), and many ether well-known artists. The Khedive intends as he passes through Paris on his return to Egypt to make cer tain, arrangements for his opera-houses at Cairo and Alexandria. Abbas's tastes (says the 'Glasgow Herald') lie in the direction of liirfit, opera, and accordingly he intends to abandon bis Italian operatic representa tions and to replace them by French opera. He will instead organise a company of Ita lian comedians for dramatic representations. At the Cairo Opera-house, it is said, the stock of costumes if of the. most costly and elaborate character, and a good deal of the stage armor is real stuff, some of it of con siderable antiquity and of great value. Ab bas, however, under the strong hand of Lord Cromer, will certainly not be allowed to waste his substance upon operatic matters, as his predecessor Ismail did. Few probably know now fond the Queea is of the stirring strains of a good military band {says the 'Daily Mail' of July 14). She gave one of many recent evidences of this liking when, a few evenings ago, the band of the 1st Life Guards was playing in tbe Grand Quadrangle at Windsor Castle. Her Majesty was wheeled out from her apartments, and after listening for a con siderable time with evident enjoyment, she sent for the bandmaster, Mr. Joel Engle field. -to say how pleased she was with his band, and to add that he need not com plete the programme, as she was then about to retire into the castle. Tie band struck up the National Antliem, and Her Majesty stopped until the last bars had died away. Johann Kubelik, the youthful violinist, has conquered the London musical public (says the 'Daily Mail' of July 3). His name is new to England, but two years ago a slender black-tnaned and dark-eyed Bo hemian youth made a sensation at a small concert in Vienna. Much in him was stall unfinished, and he himself was stiff and awkward; yet manv even than recognised 'the larger 'hope.' The Kubelik of to-day outwardly does sot seem materially altered. He looks as melancholy as then, and there is that distant resemblance to Paganini in the profile which some noticed at that technical pitfalls; the four fingers of his left hand are the most daring and certain of acrobats. He sings melodies and ac companies them ?with plucked tones which are as the tones of the lute, and, in a word, his almost fabulous technique has placed him in a few short weds side by side with, if not above, all masters of toe violin whom English, audiences know. The well-known novelist, J. M. Barrie, is engaged in writing a play for Mr. Arthur Bourchier, of the Garrick Theatre, London. May Yohe (Lady Francis Hope) mav ap paar on the New York stage this winter -says the London 'Daily Mail' of August 9). Mr. Chamberlin, manager of the Herald Square Theatre, has offered her the leading role in a new opera to be produced in two months. Mr. Arthur Paterson's Cromwell play, which Mr. Charles Cartwright was to pro duce at the London Globe in September, has been finally christened 'The Secret of the Question.'' The stories of the immense salaries paid to actors and actresses are as a rule to be accepted with considerable caution, but the followirg, from a recent London exchange, may be taken as authentic: — Miss Ada Reeve :.s at present receiving £105 a week. Kiir. in rnntinlie hpr pncra.cr0mpr]f af *1ia Lyric Theatre in Messrs. Owen Hall and Leslie Stuart's new musical comedy she asks a salary of £120 a week, and the management are still considering whether they ? can afford to pay these terms. Mr. Tom Davis should consult ' the Gaiety Theatre reports of the last ten years to see the inevitable result of these huge salaries to the most popular performers. Says the London 'Daily Mail' of August 8 : —The season that has' just come to an end has been encouraging from the classical point of view, but rather melancholy for those who believe in the modern British drama. With hardly an exception, the leading dramatists hare been resting on their laurels. So few are they that they have practically the market to themselves ; consequently, they have amassed consider able fortunes, and work only at long inter vals.. Sir Pinero has given us nothing since 'The Gay Lord Ques'; Mr. Henry I Arthur Jones lias been quiescent since 'Car- | nac Sahib' ; Mr. Haddon Chambers, Mr. Svdney Grundy, Mr. Louis N. Parker, Cap tain Marshall,* and Mr. H. V. Esmond have shared in this conspiracy of silence, though Mr. Esmond has won a great success in America with ?'When We Were Twenty One.' But. with one exception (Mr. R. C. Carton's 'Lady Huntworfch's Experiment'), no new play * by a recognised English author was produced at a West-end play house last season. Tbe same paper continues : — But the sea son which wili shortly be with us, and the time which will immediately follow it. are much more rosy in prospect. True, there is no probability of Mr. Pinero making his reappearance, but he has been preparing the ground for a new piece, and has^ probably by this time 'got it in his head.77 Mr. H. A. Jones,' on the other hand, will provide new plays for Mr. Wyndham and the Duke of York's Tfoeatre. We shall see a new piece bv Mr. J. AL Barrie — a most import ant event ; Mr. Gruady 'fills the bill' at the St. James's, and Captain Marshall will have a new comedy performed at the Hay market. Mr'. Haddon Chambers should in the not-too-distant future have a produc tion at' the St. James's. Mr. Esmond's 'When We Were Twenty-One' may, per haps, be brought over by Mr. Nat. Good win. Very appetising, too, is the. au nouncemeni of a new and original poetical play at Her Majesty's, 'Herod,' by Mr. Stephen Phillips, probably the only poet of to-day, except Swinburne, of course, who ?rises above the 'minor.' Sir Henry Irving as yet promises no novelty when he re turns to the Lyceum in the spring; and. though the play on the subject of the Mas sacre of St. Bartholomew, if it be done there, will be new to us, it will add no thing to the dramatic literature of the coun try, for Mr. W. L. Courtney and Mr. Comyns Carr have gone to the German for inspiration. Nevertheless, their work is bound to be of more than usual interest and ability- The autumn of 1900 and the spruig of 1901 promise to go far towards remedy ing the barrenness of one of the most un productive' seasons of recent years. Ufca'palmay, the Hungarian singer, wio appeared for some time at the Savoy Theatre, London, has recently married Count Kinsky, and by so doing has ba «ome aunt to the future Emperor of Austria. . Mrs. Patrick Campbell opened tbe new ; Theatre Royal, Portsmouth, on August 7 by playing 'Magda' to an overflowing audience. Prior- to tihe performance Mm. Campbell made a short speech, in which she said that the theatre was not en tirely finished, owing to so many Ports mouth workmen being at the front, and that she; as the mother of a Britannia j cadet, feit special interest in the town , associated with so many naval heroes, , from Nelson to Seymour. A London journal says:— It may be taken as nearly certain that Mr. Tree will follow the revival of 'Julius Csesar' with the production of 3-Ir. Stephen Phillips s 'Herod.' Mr. Stephen Phillips's play is a drama of the most serious order, writ ten with aQ tbe literary cliarm and dra matic, intelligence which readers of 'Paola and Franzesca' would expect. The Herod he wites cf as not the tetmrch of the time of Our Lord, but the Herod the Great of an earlier period, tihe ruler who was often styled the 'King of the Jews.' An amusing story comes from Caelten- ! ham (Eng.), weli-known as the home of girls' sclioobs. According to tbe 'Era,'' Mr F. R- Benson was playing 'H:inilet' there some little time since, and the theatre was fiUed to its utmost capacity with a number of the young ladies who were being elevated and amused at one and the same time. The actor was just in the middle of the ghost scene, the ligihts were lowered, and the excitement was intense. Suddenly a voice arose from the etage 'box — 'Mr- Benson!' No an swer. 'Mr. Benson!' Still no answer. 'llr. Benson, would you mind having the lights raised? Tlie young ladies can't eee to follow their copies?' Mr. George Grossmath, the well-known EngUsh entertainer, has recorded in his memoiis that on one occasion when ^e was asked to sing the Lord Chancellor's patter song at Sir Arthur Sullivan's, he found himseJf undble tw rec»11 it, but Lord Hopetoun, who was one of the gueste, quickly came to the rescue, and sang it one bar ahead of tie carefully-pursuing come dian! According to a contemporary, a bill has been introduced into ibe Louisiana Legislature to make it a misdemeanor for the n;ianager of a circus cr theatre com pany to stake false representations in ad vertising. One -of the effects of this bill, if pasted, vrM be to do away with the sometimes misleading picture-poster. If such a measure were to come into force in this colony some managers would have to .ciauge t£eir tactics in order to steer dear of the law. Whether ft is due to variable and try ing weather, or to overwork at bazaars antt dharity snatinees, fainting seems to be a, growing fashion among the artists in musical comedy (remarks 'M.A.P.'). At the Gaiety, Miss Grace Palotta has been taken vith a way of going off suddenly. Miss Violet LJttyd has also been fainting, acd tbe other day Miss ?.La\id Hobson snrooned, and could not be brought to c.ra &c;:ousness for over an hour. At the Shaf teabury, Mass Ella Snyder lias been suf fering 'frwm serious faintingfits, and nrar M'Jss Edna May is very badly troubled with the same complaint. In Miss Mar's case tie attacks come on so suddenly '?hat there is no knowing what might happen, and she is ribliged to liave some member of hex family constantly wfftfii her. 