TM STORYTELLER Chloris of the Island. By H. B. Maebiott-Watsov. CHAP TEE XI. A broad low stairway rose from the hall into which Warburton was come, and ascended in short stages to the upper floor. Windows with mullions looked out upon the valley by day from these high landings, and gleamed by night with jewelled eves. The wood was ancient oak ; it *.vas black and Baked and shining under (he light, and Warburton's footfallB rang low aud deep aud loud as he mounted on his way to what his wild whirliDg brain and giddy purpose design' d. A window stood oppn upon the head Df the stair, giving upon a black mild nigbr, still as a giave yard, and fragrant with the biealh of fli wsr and sea. A little low moaniDg entered out of the darkness, seeming to reach from an infinite dis tance away somewhere upon the horizon — bab- bling, continuous, and incredit^y wiak and pitiful. These sounds upon that silence shuck War burton's ear pleasantly. He heard in his farcy tbe sea lapping about the crags of the Skittles, as when he had been forced upon his perilous vovage ; so he heard it now, bnt lamentable, cry ing like a child or some poor crone ; not angry o* menacing, uor sullen, but whispering, taken up in a plaintive melancholy, like one driven lo despair' and knowing no refuge or recovery. There was no doubt that he had triumphed over the Carmichaels : he had turned their fortunes, and would humble them in the dust They should cry for mercy to him, if any of that proud rebellious house m'ght cry. Aud now he wan assured of his just vengeance upon all. The thought stung him strangely into an excitement which sent his blood newly bounding in hit* heart . The hunteis were upon the hilts, out ucon the chase, and tbe quarry lay here What vengennce he might not wreak upon the father that would he exact of the child ? Day, of all the children of that abominable Koud. Animal they were, and as animals they should atoue, whether they died or lived, and in what kind soever they paid tbe debt. Warburton's mood was by no means so simple as it seemed, even to himself. It was a flexus of sentiment 8 that moved him, indignation, the resolution of an obetinate character, the memory of wrongs, the lust and pride of conflict, a cer tain fierce brutality, and along with them inter weaving aDd mutatis emotions, an incentive sharper than them all, a strong personal fire that swarmed and burned in his vitals. He had never refused to recognise his admiration of Chloris Car michael ; she kindled in him an intestine war that 1 had rent und ravaged his stout spirit. But though he could not in his honeety shut his eyes to a great fact, he could stare and pass by. Her beauty would have melted him like wax had he not been of so desperate a parpose ; the memory of it followed him now in his upward passage, taking him in the nostrils like a strong fragrance that sets the heart throbbing and the throat to gasp. He felt himself free at this moment to giv6 rein to his admiration ; he wonld no longer stare and go by ; and there was delirium in the thought of this unaccustomed license with which his head whirled, and evory sense, awake and wide and delicate, cried out, drumming and ? ? ? thrilling under that magical influence. His body Zno.iT°me ,tt 6udden a most populous aDd chan^ng scene of sensations ; variable plans flew aZi h'8Wm?7U8Defifi' now hot, now cold, but cbaS' iti °gible' indi«^^'-«bable, and charge WITh an immeasurable power ; and under for oT\One t vde drawiDS hira o™'**, «t for one shore, and throbbing heavily as it drew. His passionate pulse ceased a8 he knocked on the door and awa.ted an answer. The sound of He seized her face between his hands and held ber to the light. ' What is it you want ? ' an wered Chloris at last. 'You are too late to eater.' hid feet bad gone up before him and came, softly, like muffled echoes, to Chloris Carmichael's ears. She rose from her chair, and throw back her copper- red hair. ' Who is that ? ' says she under her bieatb, 14 'Tie not Nick, and it cannot be Philip ; he has too great a tread ; he comes deliberate.' She listened to the footsteps, which came to cease outside her room, and there fell the still small knock, as it were of someone humble begging for admission, or of one, maybe, that knew he was welcome. ' Who is that ? r' she 6ays again, wondering. ' There is none of tbe servants walk like that. He ooires too confident.' She stood,, her hand trembling1 upon the dsep worn oaken sill of the window that was an eye upon the park, the dress over her bosom rising and falling more quickly now, her wild grey eye- alight and frightened. There came a sound of knocking once more, still very low and quiet. '* Who is there r ' she called, and made a step forward, but Irew back. ' 'Tis I,' says Roger Warburton, in bis cjol, clear voice. ' 'Tis I ; let rue in.' ' \ou may not come here, ' she cried, putting one hand to her heart. ' Mr. Warburtou, you must gro.' ' 'Tie I,' he said, in the same clear tone-. ' 'Tie I ; open to me, Chluris.' 'What do you want in this house ?' she cried, with increasing agitation audible in her note ; ' there is no safety here.'' ' I am not in search of safety,' he answered. ' Open.' ' What do you seek ? ' she asked wildly. ' What I seek I shall find,' he answered from tbs back of the door. ' Open, open.' Chloris was at the door, aud she wavered ; then set back the latch with a swift, convulsive act' on of her shaking fingers ; the handle turned, and WarburtOD stood before her in the room. She made no movement from h:m, but stood regard ing him with a warmth t»f colour in ber face, aad cbanyiner. nickering evss. ' What do you want here, Mr. Warburton ? ' she asked in a voice which had been steadied by an effort. ' This is no place for you. Why are you not gane r ' ' I am come for you,' he replied. ' You should have left the island,' she went on swiftly, paying this no heed, ' It was rash and foolish, it was a crime in you to delay. And what do you here in the heart of this very house that hates you ? ' ' There is one that does not hate me,' says he. She struck her hand passionately against the wainscot. 'I — 1 abhor you,' she cried. 'Git you gone out of my eight. I will never 6ee you more. I call God to witness I will never see you more.' He answered nothing to that outbreak, but fasteced his gaze upon her wonderful face. ' I am come for you, Chloris,' he repeated. 'louarem danger,'1 she sobbed. '? I warn you that you are in danger. Who is below ? Where are they hidden ? How did you enter ? Have you slain them all — father and brothers ? ' she sobbed. '? Nay,' he said, ' 1 ut they are out hunting me upon the hilJs ; the house is deserted ; there is no one hero within sound or sight.' ' They will come back,'' she paid weeping. ' They will not leave the house unguarded. They may be here at any moment. Please go before they return and find you.' ' They will not find me,' he answered quietly. She sprang towards him furiously. ' You — you— what is it you mean f You shall go into the night and die when you will. They sdbII catch you on the hills. I will hand you over to them, and they will kill you. You are a coward and a spy and a traitor. The gallows is your due. I thank my God that I have still two brothers to rid the world of such as you.' ' Cease, Chloris,' said he with authority. ' I tell you I am here for you. Understand me. Faith, child, it is no use to straggle against your future. It is your destiny that what I will that you shall do.' ' T will do nothing- of what you will, but only what is my will,' she said pitifully. ' Child, your will :s mine,' he answered. ' Come, give me your hand,' and he tuok the hot, quivering ringers iu his g asp and set it to her bearing besom. ' I know what is that pulse, :icd how it throbs.' ' It comes of hate,' she broke out. ' Kay, but love,' he said, clutching the struggling fingers tighter. ' Do not fight me like a bird that figbts the hawk. That is lolly, Chloris. You love me ; lo:-k in my eyes. Yours, my dear, are round and sweet and wild — a great, grey sea that break * tumult uously. You tbink that love lies drowned there, overwhelmed by this btorm of f ury. It is DOthicg of the sort. Wait a little, and I shall see it rise again, warm, soff, and beautiful. Chloris, look in my eyes. You shall not drop your lashes.' He seized her face between his hands and held her to the I'ghr, flushing bright, and hot and shaken with alarm. ' There it rises,' he said. ' It is a resurrection from that great sea. She gives up her dead. Dead ! Faith, not go — 'tis alive and quick. Chloris, my sweet, you are a handsome liar. You love me. By Heaven, you love me.' Her eyes, naked and transparent, glowed upon him, and he drew the face nearer till his lips pressed full upon hers. Then she drew back, (snatching herself, as it were, wiih a great wrench out of the peril that she feared. ' I will bring Nick upon yi u,' she said con vulsively. ' You are cruel to be here.'' ' I can make no discrimination between words so delicately,' be returned, carpsMog her ' Let Nick come. Cruel ! Indeed I know not ; I give no time to words. 'Tis what I feel aud act that intercuts me.' ' But you are our enemy,' she protected, still resisting. ' They say you are sworn to destroy us. I may not bve you.'' : ' Aye,' said Warburton, ''tis true I am foe to this family. I believe I am worse. I think there is none of whom this house of Carmichae's slants ia such dread It is impossible that there should be anything but hostility between us.' ' Yet you come here,' she cried. ' You say you Ic .vi; me. What would you do ? Ah ! why are you here ? ' ' I am here to exact vengeance.' he answered giimly. ' Your father aud your bi others lie in my power. I have the noose about them. I vowed I would wipe out the blood that ran such a colour.' ' I may not love you,' she said, and moved towards the window, her face now Ii wered. 11 'Tis wrong in you to aek this of me. 'Tis un natural.' Warburton smiled, for in his eyes was the light of triumph. ' Unnatural ! ' he echoed her. ' No, my dear, but very much in tune with my feelings aud yours. I read you like an open page. I am come to take vengeance on your house.' She shook agaiu with a swift succession of emotions. ' Would you t9ke vengeance on a woman ? ' she cried pitifully. ' Aye,' nays he, 'on a woman, were she you.' ' What, on me, on me ? ' she wailed, cover ing up her face. ' I read you like an open page,' he said again. ' I can compel you, Chions. I give not a curse what motives press me ; I know that I love you, and where u:y hand is laid there it stays I am frank to you, for I love to see your face and its fears. But I shall claim you, child— you are mine.' ' I am not yours,' she answered passionately ; ' I am myself, I am my own. Do you think a Carmichael is slave to any ? You can take no vengeance on me, unless you slay me. Here,' she cried, in a sharper and more resolute voice, and pointing at her heaving bosom, ' strike here. Yes, you shall strike here and slay me Execute your revenge in this house, if you will. I have nothing to oppose to it. There is a dagger to your hand. I bid you strike Y ' Even in the full, quick rush of his hot feelings, Warburton was arrested by some thought which rose up like a warning post before bim. His course was so swift and giddy, as it had become, yet was stayed for a moment by a suspicion — a vague and distant realisation that there was some thing different from what he had looked for. This voice and cry called from another spirit than he hnd imagined — a fainter epirit a more innocent spirit, the soul of a child rather than of a woman. But the fancy flashed and was gone ; his speed was too headlong and too impetuous that he might tarry and analyse the situation. ' I will not t-lay you,' he said. Men do not kill what they love. You are mine ' He took ber in his arms, and once more her mood yielded, and she wept. 'Cruel! you hate me and my race,' she sobbed. 'Nay, not you,' says he. ' But your race is evil. You come of a black blood, Chloris. Come, why do you weep ? It is fooiish. Is this the hard heart that is sorry for herself, and laughed a month ago at a poor man's death ? ' ' I kuew not he was dead,' she sobbed ; ' I thought 'twas buf a quarrel.' And again something was stirred uncomfort ably in 'Wnrburton's hot brain, but it passed. He drew her closer still. ' Weep not,' he said softly. ' I weep not for myself,' she t-aid ; 'I know not why I weep. It may be that I weep for the brothers and the father you would destroy.' ' Sweetheart,' said he, ' fear not ! 'Tis enough that you lovo me.' The breath of her nostrils stirred upon his neck. ' I love you ; t love you ? ' she whispered brokenly. ' Why dear, I knew it from the first,' gays he. ' I am sworn against your house, yet you love me, and shall do as I Jesire.' CHAPTER XI r. Suddenly there was a knocking upon the door, the girl stood for a moment aghast, and then ran with swift speed and shot the bolt softly, and in audibly, turning a blanched face to Warburton, ' Chluris, Chlorin,' cried Nicholas Cir michat'l's voice. She was deathly white and deathly silent, and her features were in the grasp of rigid terror. ' Chloris, it is I, open,' cried Nicholas Carmi chael, as Warburton had cried some time before. ' What is it you want ? ' answered Chloris at last. ' You are too late to enter.' ' Pooh ! ' says her brother. ' Let me in and be not foolish. I desire some talk with you,' and he rattled the handle of the door in his impati ence. ' You cannot enter, Nicholas,' ebe criud, breathing deeply, and with some vehemence in her voice. ' I am — 'tis too late. I am not pre pared for you.' ' Damme,' said Nicholas. 'Why all this cere mony ?' ' I am disrobed,' she cried with a gssp in her throat ; and on that followed a little silence. ' What is it you want with me? I will drtss and come to you.' ' Open the door,' he said roughly, and shook it ng.iin. She cast a terrified bok on Warburton, who had stood still, his face inanimate, watch'ng her dispassionately now and evsn with a look of wonder. He made a sign, aad stepping back, put the lamp low, shrinking into the shadows. Cbloris unbelted the door and faced her brother. ' Are you going to bed ?' he asked. She held herself within the darkness lest he should perceive. ' 'Tis late,' she said. ?? What want you ? ' Continued on Page 1303. Chiciis of the 'island* Continued from Fag* 1295. ' Chlorie, there iB some damnable business afoot,' he said angrily. ' Have you Been my father?' 'Nay,' she answered. 'Heft him in the library reading.' 44 True — there he lay when I came in. But why ? Know you why we are on the hills to night ? ' ' There is a cargo run ?' she suggested faintly. ' Would that leave the house deserted P*' he aaked with a sneer. ' 'Tis that damned meddler, Warburtou. We had a line across the island to catch him, but he has escaped us. He entered the house.' She uttered a cry. ' 'Tis my father says so,' went on Nicholas. ' There was a duel, and the devil left him for dead. Whither did he go, I ask you ? He entered the house ; his feet went up the etaiis.' ' Went up the stairs ?' she echoed blankly. 44 Aye,' says he, ' do you know anything ? Have you heard anything ? You have been awake.' ' I — I dozed.' she murmured. ' It is nonsense,' said he. ' Tou would hear euch sounds.' ' It maybe he went lightly,' she said. 4 ' Tou must have heard him,' he urged im patiently. ' Come, Chloris, it is important that I should know. He holds all our lives, damn him. Did you hear no noise ? ' ' There was only the sound of the sea,' she replied, after a pause, ' and a bird that sang in the thicket.' ' Pish ' ! said he, ' What do you tremble at ? ' . ' What would you do with him, Nicholas ? ' she asked Iremulously. 'Hang him to the cedar, throw him on the Frenchmen'n knives — I care not what, but he shall never leave Lynsea alive. Why do you tremble ? Your voice shakes. What is it you fear ? ' 44 I — I fear for you, Nicholas,' she answered broksnly. He laughed. ' Better fear for him,' he said ecornf-ully. ' I fear for my father,' she said. 'True; he is desperately ill,' he answered. 41 You may fear for him. It lies against that man, Wai burton. There was a sound of weeping in the room, siater. How came you weeping ? ' 41 I was weeping for myself, brother,' she answered. ' Bah ! what have you to weep for ? We Car michaels ars of Etiffer stuff. You are no pap child with day-dreams.' ' I have no mother, Nicholas ; she is long dead,' 6ays she, very low to bear. He was silent, and then, ?' You heard no sound ? ' he aebed again. ' I heard uotbing save the eea and the late birds calling,' Bhe said. He turned away with a brusque good-night, and Chloris, at the door, listened, listened to his descending feet. Then closed the door, and turned to Warburton, where he lay hidden ia the obscure shadows. He put up the lamp, and the illumination showed her countenance as white as her gown. ' I have saved you,' she burst forth eagerly, moving her slender hands towards him instinctive ' No ; you have saved your brother,' said Warburton. She watched him with a heaving of the bosom and a. long, shuddering indrawing of the brGath. ' Is my father dead ? ' she asked in a whisper. ' If he is dead,' said he coldly, ' 'tis by no act of mine. He would force a duel upon me, but I could not fight an old man. I could have pierced him through, but I threw down the eword.' ' How can you escape ? ' she asked wildly. His brain was beset with doubts ; he seemed to himself in a haza ; thought things were distorted out of their just proportions. Then he could not think rightly nor determine his plan among these bewildering emotions. The huge budy of that strong will and nature, shaken in its foundations, rolled and wavered and. might not come to rest. 44 I will go,' said he. She clung to him. ' How can you go with those awaiting you P ' she asked pleadingly. 41 Tut, child, I will go. I do not fear them,' he said, putting her with decision from him. He was so greatly harassed with his thoughts that fires her touch was nothing to him. 44 Let me come with you,' she cried, beseech ing him with her spirited eyeB. ' If you must die I shall die with you.' 44 You speak wildly, Cbloris dear,' said he more gently. ' Get you to your bed and slumber, I am arbiter of my fate, and no woman.' She let him go. ' I cannot move you,' she said shortly. ' It is true what you say. There is no one that can persuade you. Go, then, to what a watts you. I cannot help you.' He laughed. ' t shall help myself.' She sprang upon him in a tide of passion and put her arms about his neck, crying out that she ;rved Lim, anil that he should not die, vsK-Je, Warburton listened with quiet patience, soothing her. Already he had set his face to the hills and the sea, and was already in his mind assured of some conflict in the night. He put her aside and went to the door. ' Sleep soundly, child,' said he, and vanished into the darkness very still and sudden. Chlorii Carmiohael ran to the door, and stood listening to his footfalls till they died away, and then she heard the creak of a door that was opened in the distance ; at which she sped like a frightened bird to the window that looked on the park. She threw herself upon the sill, and then, half-leaning and half-sitting, stared out of the jewelled panes into a starlets night, as if she could read and dissever the blackness and discover what she desired. Warburton passed through the empty hall un hindered, and, opening the great door, stepped out upon the upper terrace. As he went down the slope of lawns he turned and looked at the upper windosg. From Chloris's room the yellow eyes of the millions peered down at him, and as he watched the window slid open and Chloris's face appeared in the gap, gold with the yellow lamp and the golden hangings. He saw it again when he looked some time later from the margin of the park, but blurred and faint and dwindled. It was infinitely little in the vast blackness of the night. It shone to him like a friendly star or beacon guiding him upon his course ; yet bo little might that tiny speck of light avail against the immensity of darkness that when he cast back a glance again, it was wholly gone, swallowed and confounded in the melancholy niaht. And yet this night, which had grown so thick, was hardly among Warburton's foes. It's shadows were friendly to him, serving him for a refuge as he threaded his way across Lynsea. He travelled in that darkness as safe as in a ship over stormy waters and among treacherous rocks. He had a plan before him, marked out quickly and slowly and tenaciously doveloped ; for he was re solved to leave the island ere the morning rose and exposed him to his unscrupulous enemies. There was one way to do this, and, so far as he could see, one way only. No boat was available, and he must swim to the mainland. The point for decision in his mind was at what place to jump off upon this hazardous enterprise. The Gut was but half a mile across, at the narrowest, yet he had already had a taste of these roaring soas, and he shrank from adventuring there again. On the other hand, to reach the village from which he had embarked that morning would be to swim more than a mile. Sometimes he thought of the Gut with a growing resolution, ' Aye ; the Gut it shall be,' he said. But at once returned the memory of the cutter afloat, bottom upwards, and of a man tossing wildly to the dwindling stara. And through the current of these gra vc reflections passed a most bewildered dread, that assailed him and came bad: freshly to the attack, biting and stinging in his conscience. Now that he was fairly in the open he could not throw off the amazing doubt that had beset him in Chloris's presence. Had he done her a wrong in his interpretation of her con duct and her character ? Was it possible after all that she was what she had seemed* that night, nothing bat a white and passionate virginal soul, capable of a great sacrifice, generous to the pitch of folly, and blazing with sincerity ? His mind moved very reluctantly upon its hinges and verj gradually ; yet it appeared to be turning obstin ately in that direction. A man of sharper wit, or a keener imagination, would have come to a conclusion at once, and taken one direction or another. But Warburton was not of such etuff. He was slow, conscientious, dogged, and he laboured upon his problem with patience, good temper, and courage, yet with increasing dismay and rising agitation. By the time he had reached the beach he was a tangle of troubled doubts. His heart beat strangely, and hie body went hot and cool in the alternation of his emotions. Had he brought ruin upon one poor pitiful girl, destitute of her friends, and under the bloody hands of that alien house P The supposition brought him up with a gasp and a shudder, and he muttered to himself, standing upon the brink of the water, and eyeing an invisible and moaning sea. 11 By God, but I should deserve what I am promised,' he exclaimed with an oath. ' Yet,' he added, ' I will never believe it ; I cannot credit it. She is too like a witch. 'Tis in that blood.' Heaven was stark blackness, in which not even one small white star opened. The wind came off the land, sweat and sighing, and out of the abyss befors him rose th« hollow voices of the channel, some near and loud, and others incredibly faint and distant. The flaws aud the tides were moving in the Gut, and the waters rocked and fought together. Warburton, from his post on the margin of the sands, could see the water grey black at his feet, but it joined the general dark ness at a little distance, and became not a sketch of ocean with tumbling waves and rollers, but a monstrous musical and terrifying song, drumming out the night and drowning in the ears. He heard it with but half his mind, for he was sorely beleaguered by his remorseful doubts. A Tjavoof shp.me rs- -.h ,-.v. ' --^ h:* h«art and overwhelmed him, so that he cursed savagely and made a vehement step forward. He slipped, his face struck the cool sea, and the next moment he was in deep water, and the tide was drawing him outwards. *4 By Heaven ! 'tis the best thing,' eaid he, as he flung his arms out in a great stroke. ' 'Tis a foe that I can fight, and at least 'tis no woman.' This was now the third time he had been ob lidged to give battle to that outlandish sea, and it passed through his head that his fortune must indeed be involved in the waters of the broken coast. The third time, according1 to the voice of superstition, was accounted ominous, and he could not guess whether for him the omens were good or bad. For one thing, because of the ink black quality of the sky, he was not aware in what course he was travelling. It might be seaward or it might be towards the mainland, or indeed, he might be hurrying fast to that ruthless and formidable channel. All that he could do was to keep himself afloat, and husband his strength with gentle strokes which were sufficient to maintain his progress in the current. Lynsea had dropped away from him like a vanished phantom, and he rolled forward into the unknown spaces among crested waves and down moving hollows. Presently he began to hope that he had escaped the tides that make for the portals of the Gut for he could not but suppose that the water otherwise would be greaily rougher. Yet he might very well be crawling out upon the face of the ocean, further and further from land. And next he fell to wondering how long he could keep himself afloat. He plied his strokes with economy, yet even so the aching of his arms and shoulders warned him that a term would come to his physical endurance sooner or later. He tried to guess how soon it would be or how late. Alas ! he was clear now that it must come soon, and not late ! The salt was in his mouth, aud heavy weights dragged at hie feet as though he was being pulled iti silence downward into those immeasurable depths by clutching hands. The cold waves buffeted his face, surging under and around him, and he tossed like a chip, submerged and re rising ; there was in his ears a dull and vacant roaring as of a sound from unfathomable wells far away. He knew that this struggle could not last. Yet, strangely enough, his wits were sharper and his miDd more tenacious than ever ; while his senses flowed slowly from him, and their impressions grew dull, feeble, and unreal, the life burned brightly in bis brain, turning him to the contemplation of things bygone and dis tant, la this state of dying flees his emotions were more delicate and keen thau they used to be in broad life ; he recalled to pass judgment and be sad. There seemed few corners ia his life which did not yield up their secrets in that moment ; the light flooded them, revealing their most private ghosts. The heir of a most dis tinguished name, and himself already a man of some fortune, Warburton had lived his early man hood hire his fellows of that epoch. Yet now what sins he had committed came back upon him with some compassion for hiaiself and some shame and sorrow for others. The drab and parii* coloured pageant of his life passed in disarray before him, and faded, tearing one fact' tfcat watched him out of deep grey and kindling eyee It moved not, bat sat within the brain, steadfast, still, and sad. If he stared up in the black sky it was there ; and if upon the cold water, there, too, , it rested, gazmg on him. The revulsion of his i mind was swift and sudden and overpowering ; ha j felt that he cried out h» agony ; every nerva was heightened by this physical exhaustion. Ha would have hid his face, but t8 could not hide hers ; she alone haunted his mei&opy.; He was I now only dimly conscious of her, 'a^ th£± sna. j had risen out of the sea and bent over hint. t.ji»- couring him with those kind, wild eyes. A ii'.i*e- j light issued from them, but it was the light of ? | What light was it ? He had thought this was, j savagery, the character of that strange VloocF j which was exhibited in her father and her1,; 1 biotluers ; but what inspired that bright, bofe light that sprang in every feature of her oovntea^ \ ance P Nay, ho recognised it now ; it was whai*. he had never seen in those cold and continent, faces of his countrymen ; yet surely it had a tarns,.; and that name he knew. . . . He laid his' head upon the wet, bronze hair thai streamed eves; her bosom, and her cool, white fingers wen1.- too--' and fro upon his brow. All sounds fell into 3 \oif\ and distant murmur, the wind and the waves' rooked him, and then there was of a sudden a j .;y, a convulsion shook him — and his feet were q\ms sand in shallow water, while his body rose aid j fell with the movements of a great patolwf, eeaweed on which be lay. ' (To be Continued.) 