COMPIiETE STORY. PUBLISHED BT SPECLLL laaAXOEXEST. THE SAHDIALKER, FERGUS HUME, Author of The Mystery of a Hansom Cab,,: " The Lady from Nowhere," The Lono * Jim," "The- Vanishing of Tera," &c;«, &c.; [COPYEIGHT. ] I MAKE no endeavour to explain this experience. Explanation of it is im possible. 1 can conceive no theory upon which to base even the most slender at tempt. It baffles me, it Has always baffled me, and it will continue to baffle me. let tne im press of the thing loses nothing of its vividness .with time. It is as Hear before me;now as it was within a few hours.of ! its event. I believe I heard a ghost knocking; I am certain I saw a ghost mov ing. " Indigestion, fancy, an overwrought and distorted brain," you will say, no doubt. \ I wish I could think it was. Bat it wasn't. . The sequel to that glimpse of the dead was too terrible, the cause too per ! tinent to the effect, to permit for one mo ■ ment of any attribution to disorder, men tal,, or alimentary. No,—What I saw was actual, self-existent. I will set down the facts for you as they occurred, and you shall explain them away—if yon can. Then, if you remain unconvinced—go - to Gartholm, by the German Ocean, and hear what the folk there have to say. They are a stodgy people, incapable utterly of the most insignificant hyperbole. They will tell you this tale plainly.as. I tell it to you. They believe as I believe. jit was in the summer of '96. I was tra velling in "woollens" for the.great Hud dersfield firm of Carbury and Crank. Fur nished with a gig and a fast- trotting mare, it was my duty to exploit the more scat tered parts of the country, where the rail road was still unknown, and civilisation", as we use the term, tarried a while. Gartholm is the name given to a certain wide, low-lying plain, shut in. from the North Sea by mile upon mile of sandhills. They are heaped up like hummocks along the coast. It was along a kind.of cause way running straight through many miles of grain that I drove that hot July. I had never been in these partsj and 1 re joiced at such ample evidence of fertility. It argued prosperity for those around; hence -good business for myself and my employers., I made up my mind to remain there for at least a month. I left in less than half that tame. As - if the plain itself were not suffi ciently damp and low-lying, the Tillage ?f Garth olm had been .built in a kind of cen tral depression, immediately beside the river. In other respects it differed -nt slightly from the ordinary English vil lage, save, that there was no inn. Close by the tower of the rubble-built church there was'a pot-house,, licensed for the sale of liquor, " to* be dxunk on the premises," bnt I faffed there to get sleeping room either for myself or Tilly, my weary mare. Darkness was dose upon us, and I was worn out with my day's drive. There seemed little prospect of comfort, even had I gained, admittance to this miserable bovel. But that'was. denied me. The landlord, a bulky monumental lump of indolence, stood in the doorway and. effectually blocked all entrance. A^. dozen.' or so of idlers col lected to admire Tilly and amuse' them selves at my expense. And I realised that there were worse fates than that'of being cast upon an uninhabited island, even ;n this England of . ours at the close of the nineteenth century. . While I was in this plight, arguing with the landlord' and endeavouring to arrive approximately at the .sense of his dialect, a bring, hitman by contrast to those around, made his appearance from, out the crowd, and approached my gig! He turned ont to be the village schoolmaster, and those around called him "Muster Abram." "You are looking, for a lodging?" he said, in a smooth and (by .comparison) strangely civilised voice. "I am," I replied, soothing Tilly, who, small blame to her, in no wise appreciated her immediate ..surroundings. ,,.»" I'm Dick Trossall, C.T.'to Ca'rbury and Crank, if you've ever heard of 'em in this-forsaken hole." ; "C.T.?"^repeated blaster .Abraham in terrogatively, cocking his one eye* (he had lost the other), which was as'bright as any robin's. ' ' ' " Commercial Traveller!" said I in ex planation;' "or bagman, if you like it better. You don't comprehend Queen's English, I see, .in these parts." * "Hardly; when so abbreviated. Bnt if it really be board and lodging you seek, you can get that only from Mrs! Jarzil at the Beach Farm." ' There was a murmur from those at hand, as he said the name, and, I thought, a somewhat dubious expression upon the \ faces of one or. tiro. I did not,-on the whole, feel drawn towards Mrs. Jarzil and her. farm, and I looked at the schoolmaster inquiringly. Utterly ignoring this, and vouchsafing me no reply, he proceeded! straightway to climb into iny gig, without so much as " by your leave." There was neither modesty nor undue hesitancy about Master Abraham. "We will get on, then, to.Mrs. JarziL's farm," said I. A touch from the whip, aud Tilly was off at a good spanking trot in the direction Master Abraham had indi cated. In a few moments we were out of sight of the hangers-on and driving through the street into another causeway similar to the first. In the distance we could see the house lying under the lee of the sand hills. A dismal sort of place it seemed, and wholly solitary. ".Yes, yonder is the Beach Farm," said the schoolmaster, " and Mrs. Jarzil- " He stopped suddenly, so that I turnel to look at him. ' "What on earth is the matter with Mrs. Jarc!?" ."Nothing, nothing—I was merely won dering, not so much if she could, as whether she would, accommodate you. You sec, Mrs; Jarzil had some trouble with her last lodger. He was a botanist. He . called himself Amber—Samuel Amber. 1 Some two years ago it was; he boarded at the Beach Farm, then suddenly he disappeared." /'Disappeared? Good Lord! what do you mean?" "Exactly what I say. He walked out of yonder house one night, and never re turned." * ' We were close to the house; now. It loomed up suddenly in the mist; which lay thick and heavy^ over the sandhills. I felt horribly depressted. Apart from the in tense gloominess of the surroundings, the damp and darkness and desolation, all of which had perhaps more than their due effect upon my jaded nerves, I was, con- j scious of. an indefinite sense of uneasiness. | This one-eyed creature at my elbow made j me decidedly uncomfortable. 1 have notl a robust nervous system at the best! of times, and he with his sinister inuendocs^ was fast gaining a hold upon me. . "'There was a daughter, you , see," he went on, before I could speak.; "Oh, there was a daughter, was there?" I repeated, somewhat relieved. "It might be, after all, that he was nothing more than ■ a mere scandal-monger. . I fervently hoped so. "Yes; and Mr. Amber made love to her —at least, so it is supposed. At all events slie disappeared too." "At the same time as the man?" \- ^"Lottie was her name," continued blas ter-Abraham, utter »y heedless of'my query, "•and a pretty pink and white 'creature'.she was,, with the loveliest golden hair. I used to call her Venus of the Fen. She was -at the farm when" Amber first arrived 'After a while he left, and she'with hfen. He did not return for a twelvemonth, and then only to—to disappear." "What, on earth are you telling me alt this rigmarole for? ' I don't care twopence for any of your Ambers and Lotties or Venoses either, for- that matter. If the girl'was as pretty'as you say, I;don't blame the man for going off 'with her. I presume.she was a willing party to the arrangement." ' / ; " Mrs. Jarzil will have it that Amber forced her daughter to elope with him. You see he returned a year later—alone." "Well, what explanation .did he nfake?" " None—^none whatever." *. '* And what did the lady have to say . to that?" M Kothing. Amber took up his residence .at the. Farm as before, and remained there until—until he disappeared." Upon my soul I was beginning to feel thoroughly scared. "Do you mean to tell me that Mrs. Jar zil got rid of him by'foul play?!' ] " Oh, dear me, no; nothing of the hind.! Mrs. Jarzil is a most religious woman.": j..' . "Then what the ——; perhaps you willj kindly make yourself clear. ■ For what reason do you retail to me this parcel of rubbish?" , . • . " Only this —He laid ibis skinny hand upon my arm. We were'turning into the drive which led up to the house. He pointed with the other -hand towards the sand-ridge. ' . ' "Only what?". V \ The man nodded. Then he whispered to me, "The Sand-walker, you know." An elderly, woman had come to-the door and was standing thbre. The chief thing I noticed about her was her determinedly masculine ' appearance. For; the rest she was'a veritable study, in half tone. Her hair, . her dress, her complexion, in' fact everything about her, was of various shades .of gray.' Her mouth denoted a vile if; not a violent temper.. My reception was anything but.'cordial; in fact at the outset she refused altogether to take me in, but under the persuasive eloquence of Master Abraham she relented so far as to agree to board me by the week at what seemed to me an exorbitant charge. She was evidently grasping* as well as re ligious—a highly unpleasant, combination I thought.; But in the circumstances I had no 'option but to accept the inevitable. *it was a case of any port in a storm.; - As I proceeded to drive round to the stable to put up Tilly—a thing which I in- - variably attended to .myself-—blaster Abra ham accompanied mc. And somehow I was glad of even his company. There b*as not a living soul about. I asked him why this . was. " - - : "Mrs. Jarzil keeps no servants," he re-: plied. "She has not kept any since Lot tie and Mr. Amber went away; or rather, to . be precise, since Mr. Amber disap peared." "How is.that?" " She can get none to come here—or to remain if they do come. They are afraid of the Sand-walker." I asked him point blank what he meant. But I could get nothing out of him. " Whatever you do, don't go on to the. beaches at dusk," was all he said. 'Then he vanished. I say vanished, advisedly, ior though I ran after him to the door, for the moment I could sec no sign of him. I rushed on,round the corner of the house, and came plump on to Mrs. JarziL "blaster Abraham!" I gasped. , , Then Mrs. Jarzil pointed down the road, and I saw a flying ligure disappearing into the darkness. " > "Why does he ran off like that?" I asked. I began to think I was losing my ".Every one runs from the Beach Farm," replied the woman in the coolest manner* possible, and with that she left me staring in amazement. •I don't think anyone could fairly dub me' a coward, but this place unnerved me. Both within and without the house all was my sterious, weird, and uncanny. My spirits sank to zero and my nerves, were strong up to a tension positively unendurable. Even the bright light from the kitchen are filled me with appichensions. 1 could not tonch food or drink. '' ■ Mrs. Jarzil, gliding about the room, in no wise reassured me. Masculine and pon derous as she was, the deftness and stealth iness of her movements were uncomfortably incongruous. She spoke not a word. She totally ignored my presence. I began to loathe the woman But I determined that anything was better than the horrible sus pense I was enduring. So I went straight for the thing which'was making havoc of me. "What is the Sand-walker, Mrs.. Jar zil?" At the moment she was polishing a dish cover. As I spoke it crashed on' the floor. I never saw a woman turn quite so pale as she did then. " Who' has been • talking to you about the Sand-walker?" "blaster Abraham," was my answer. By. this time she was visibly shaking. :"Fool!" she exclaimed. "A triple fool, • and dangerous, too. ' See licre, you Mr. Trossall. I am willing to board you, but' not to answer your rilly questions. And - if you don't like my house and my ways, you can leave them both. I can do with out.you. God knows I have had enough' of boarders." '.. ~ Though it was rash, and for all I knew ; dangerous, willy-nilly the name- Amber slipped my tongue. But she had regained ' her self-possession now, and laughed con temptuously as she picked up the dish cover.' .. . " I see Abraham's been telling "you my" story. It is not a very pretty story, is; it? • Yes, Mr. Amber was a scoundrel. He car-'" ried off my danghter Lottie;' to' London.: ■ Ay, and he had the boldness, too, to re- . turn here after his wickedness. •'I said'' nothing. It was my duty to forgive him, v like a Christian, and I did/ Although a rqother, I am a Christian first Poor Lot tie! Poor child! I wonder where she is 1 now?" "Do you know where Mr. Amber is?" "Yes, Abraham told you no doubt that he disappeared. One would thiol.- ho had " been caught up into the moon j the way the fools round here talk. Yet the or-. •" planation is perfectly simple. The . inan , was accustomed to walk on the Beaches at' night. There arc quicksands there, and he . fell into one." ! .'"How do you know that?" "I found his hat by one of the worst of them. He had sunt J am glad he did. '; He ruined my life and Lottie's., But 'Ven geance: is Aline; I will repay, saith the . Lord.'" •"And this Sand-walker; who, what is : it?" -' • ;" That does not concern you. I have ." told you'enough. I am not going to- answer - all your silly questions," she reiterated.. 1 Not another word would she' say.; Still' ' I.felt, somewhat relieved. Abraham: had ■' . contrived to surround with an atmosphere ~ of,mystery what after all was purely an accident. I saw that now; and I was able, to go 'to'.bed in a much more tranquil state .of mind than I would otherwise have, done.- .' ' My room was just off the kitchen: I hadn't been in it more than half-an-hour. when I heard Mrs. Jarzil at her devotional'. exercises.'' I could bear her reading aloud - certain Biblical extracts of a uniformly/ cpmminutory character. Her voice was; peculiarly resonant and booming. Her choice seemed to me to range from Deu- ; teronomy to Ezekiel and back again. ''And ' Thine eye shall not pity; but life shall' '' go for life, eye for eye, tooth for tooth, " hand for hand, foot for foot." : '"And tho earth opened her month and swtdlowed them np; they and all that ap-'v/ pertained to them went down alive -nto.: the pit, and the earth closed upon them." " "The "wicked are overthrown and are not." ' So for lialf an hour or more she weiit on, until I was in a cold perspiration. Then she knelt down and prayed. I was.in, hopes she had unbosomed herself for the' ^ night- at all events. But then followed /such a prayer as I have never heard. The .ban of Jeremiah was a blessing to it. Sbe cursed Amber, dead though he was. She cursed her daughter, and called down upon j her unfortunate head sucli visitations mat I' confess I shuddered. The woman was raving; yet all the time I could hear her •f sobbing, sobbing bitterly. The whole thing was ghastly, revolting. I would have given anything to get away. At last she ceased, and, I presume, went to bed; though how she could sleep after such an indulgence was a marvel to me. ut perhaps now that she had so assuaged her wrath, exhaustion if not relief would follow. I hoped so. At all events she :was quiet. After a while I got up, to make sure that my door was securely fast ened. Then I scrambled back to t>ed, and fell into an uneasy, fitful doze. So I got through the long night. I never once slept soundly, and when I awoke in the morning I felt but little refreshed. With the light came a sense of shame. I was inclined .to deal severely with my self for my—as they now appeared to me— absurd apprehensions of the previous night. I made up my mind then and there that 1 should be a downright coward if I carried out my determination to leave the place. IMv room was comfortable, and the food was good. And I rated myself soundly for 'being such an impressionable booby. Be sides, I knew enough to make me curious to know more. Albeit as silent as ever, I found Mrs. * Jarzil civil and composed enough at'break fast. So although I had not succeeded in getting rid whoJy of my aversion.to the J place, I started eff in quest of business, J saying that I would return about five o'clock. f . I,soon found that, so far as business Trent, at all events,-I-had fallen on my. feel The "very excellent woollen goods of Messrs. C'arburv and Crank appealed to these feri dwellers. They' were a rheumatic lot. Put that was more the fault of the locality than of themselves. At any rate the local dealers * seized upon my samples with avidity, and I booked more orders in.tb'' day than I was - accustomed to do in -u week in some places. I ret i.r.ei therefore that evening to the llcach Farm in 'the best of spirits, but at the gaa) 1 encoun tered Master Abraham. He soon reduced 1 them to a norma! level. - "Well, how did you sleep?" he said, I thought with a twinkle in his eye. . "Like a top, of course; I always do." "Ycu .heard nothing at your window?" "Of coarse not. What should I hear;'' " Then you didn't go on to the Beaches?" " Certainly not. I was only too glad to get to bed. Besides,, were you-no't at par ticular pains to advise me against going there?" " Yes, perhaps I was; and I repeat my advice. If you do, It will come to you at [; the window."' "What in heaven's name do you n man?" "I mean the Sand-walker." At that moment Tilly made a bound for ward—she hates standing—and there .was ''nothing for it but to let her go. The schoolmaster took himself off, and 1 drove up to the door. But I silently swore at that skinny Ab \- raham for bringing back to me the uneasy feelings of the previous night Hie warn ing still rang in my ears. I could not get rid of it. I was determined I would' not pass the night in ignorance. I resolved to take the bull by the horns and face what ever there"was to face then and there. - After a "high tea"* (that was between six and seven o'clock) I mentioned casually to Mrs. jarzil that I yas going for a stroil, She neither bade me go nor stay; so over : the sandhills at the .back of the house 1 scramblediuntil I found myself on,the sea shore. The beach was very dreary. All was still, save for the gentle swash of the wave lets -breaking - in upon . the .ribbed sand. There, was but little wind. To right and left of. me there stretched an interminable vista of sand, vanishing only to blend :itself in the distance with the heavy mists, which f even. <ati-that season of the year nung around. The little land-locked pools were blood-red' with • reflection of the '"sum Through- the off-shore fog the sea and sun were* ablaze with crimson light. I felt an • awfulr.smisevpf: desolation as I sat there m ; the dip ofa'sandhill watching the'departing sun ring its changes on the spectrum.. The crimson merged to amethyst,* the amethyst fo pearl,-untilin sombre grayness the jight . shut down, upon the lonely shore. > ' A mad purposeless impulse seized, me. With a whoop I ran down the firm sand: to the.brink of the water. I stood there for. some moments looking out to sea. When I turned, the mists were thick even 'between' liie and- the sandhills. Darkness chum: down fold over fold. Every moment 'the fog became more damp and clammy, ■fhe sense ;of desolation more intense. " I was. "isolated'from* all that was human; from ! ' God, for aught I knew. [ Then I-thought of the quicksands—of Mr.! -Amber-^of Mr.. Amber's hat found, lying there;-and I ran back, as I thought to the*-;sandhills. -But I must have moved circuitously, for I could not reach even their friendly sheKer. 1 lost my bearings hopelessly. Where the sea or where the hills I knew not. I rushed first this way, and then that, heedless and without* de sign, intent only on escaping from the en 'shrouding mists, from the awesome desola tion. Suddenly the sands quaked under -me. I stopped. The fate of Korah and his breth rea^flashed through my mind. My heart drummed loudly in the stillness. The mists grew thicker, the night darker. Then :t. was-1 saw It beside me. At first I thought it was mortal—human —for its shape was that oT a man. With an exclamation of thankfulness I endea voured to approach it. But try as I might, I could not get near it. It did not walk, it did not glide, it did not fly. It simply melted in the mist, yet.always visible, always retreating. That was the horror of the Thing. ' My flesh creeped. I felt an icy cold through every pore of my skin. * With aw ful insistence it was borne in upon me I was in the presence of the dead. Yet J was powerless. I could utter no cry. 1 could not even stop myself. On, on I went, following that melting, receding thing, until suddenly my foot stumbled on a sandhill. Then It became mist with the mist, and I saw It no mqre. I scrambled up the hill and wept like a child. How I reached the Beach Farm I cannot fell. I slumbledj. blind with terror, into the lamplight of the kitchen. I almost fell into Mrs. Jarzil's arms. She uttere.I no word of surprise, but sat there staring at ray terror-stricken face and quivering limbs, silent and unsympathetic. At last she spoke. xoa nave seen the Sand-walker?" "In God's name what is it?" j "God has nothing to do \ritii the San% wa'ker," she replied. "It iswholiv of LeIL" , ' I could speak no more-that.night. Br help of some lavr spirit I managed to pnlf myself together sufficiently to scramble' into bed. The very sheets were a comfort to me; at all events they were between me cjid It. ' ;I was utterly exhausted, and'for a few -hours I slept, i awoke suddenly-with every nerve.on *he stretch, every, sense *acufe almost beyond bearing. Mrs. Jarzil was vociferating in the kitchen, and sobbing between whiles. Then, as -surely as I am a man and a Christian, I heard three loud knocks upon the window -pane. /Mrs. Jarzil turned her imprecations into'prayer. In her deep voice she boomed out verses from the Psalms: " Bear my ciy, 0 God; at tend unto my prayer.". I could stand it no longer. I flung my self out of the bed, wrapped the coverlet around me, and rushed into the kitchen. Mrs. Jarzil was kneeling. Her face poured with perspiration. She. paused as I ap peared. There were three loud knocks at the door. " What-^-0 God, what is it?** I cried. " The Sand-walker." Then she prayed again: "I will'abide in Thy tabernacle for ever. I will trust in the coyer of Thy wings." I made for the door, but Mrs. . Jarzil seized me by the arm. "Don't let lum in, don't let him in,. He wants me. It is Amber, I tell you. It is Amber." " AmbeM The Sand-walker!" "Yes, yes. He is the Sand-walker. He wants me—down on the .Beaches. H you open the-door I am bound to go.' He draws me; he compels me. But the Lord is my strength, and shall prevail against tho powers of hell." I had to prevent her from unbarring the j door. She flung herself upon it and iamb led with the lock in frenzy. I dragged her I back, fearful lest she should admit the! Thing outside. * Gradually she grew more1 calm, until at last she stood before me with a composure almost as terrible to be hold as had been her frenzy. - "I have resisted the Devil, and be is fled!" she said. "You can go to bed now, Mr. TrossalL You will be ;disturebed no more. There will be no more knocking, no —more—knocking." She caught up the candle to go. I detained her till I took a light from it. Then I returned to bed. I kept the light burning all night, but there was no more knocking. Next morning not a word passed between us abont what had occurred. I ate my breakfast and drove off to business, lu the main street I met Abraham. I hailed him. " Is there- no other place where I can find a lodging?" I asktfd him. "^Ahl.so youhave been on the Beaches?" "Yes.- I was there yesterday evening." ." You-have seen'the. Sand-walker?" " For. God's sake don't. speak of it," I said; For it terrified me even in "the .open day—here with the sunshine hot upon me. \- "And.you have heard the knocking?" "Yes, I have heard everything—seen everytfring; Jet that.• suffice.Can.I ,find another lodging, I ask you?" \- "No; .there is none other in the dis trict. But why need you fear. 'It is she —r-not you, the Sand-walker wants,-ay, and he] 11 get her- one night." J: . "You know this SancUwalker, as you call him] is Amber?" • 1. " AE - Gartholm knows that. He has been .walking for a year past now ou thej Beaches. No one would go there , now for any money you could offer, them—at least not after sundown. - I warned you, you re member." . • . "I know you did. But nevertheless 1 went, you see. And tins Saud-walker-saved my life. For he led me back to the sand hills when I had lost myself hopelessly In the fog." - "It's not yon he wants, I tell you, it's she." "Why does he want her?" I asked. The man's tone .was very strange. • " Ask of the quicksands!" he replied; and with that disappeared in" a hurry. I was getting quite accustomed to this, and would have been surprised had he taken his leave in anything approaching a ra tional manner. Now, you may perhaps hardly credit it, but I tossed a shilling then and there to decide my action-in the immediate future. " Heads I go, tads I stay." The coin spun up in the sunlight. Tails it was. So 1 was to remain, and in that devil-haunted house. Well, at all events I was doing a brisk trade. There was some comfort in that. During the nest ten days I drove for miles over tho district, and did uncom monly well everywhere. I found that the legend of the Beach Farm was universally familiar, and they all shook their heads very gravely indeed when they learned that I lodged there. Jn fact, I am not at all sure this was not of assistance to me rather than otherwise. I became an object of intense interest, and, no doubt, of -sym pathy had I known- it. . After that terrible night, there was a lull in the torment of the Sand-walker. Occasionally It rapped at the door or win dow, but that was alL As for mo, I had walked no more on the Beaches. But the lime was near at hand when the Devil would have his own. It came one evening about six o'clock.' There had been heavy rain, and the marshy lands were flooded and the mists were thick around. Overhead, all was opaque and gray, and the ground was sodden, under foot. I was anxious to get home, and Tilly was doing all she knew. f . \ . On, arrival I looked after her as was,my wont, first and foremost.. When I had made her comfortable for the nfght I re turned to the kitchen. To my surprise i found Mrs. Jarzil in conversation with a girl, in whom, from Abraham's .description, meagre thought it had been, I had no diffi culty in recognising his .Venus of the Fen. She was certainly pretty. I agreed with Abraham there. She was crying bitterly,* whilst her mother raged at her. vThey both stopped short as I entered—from a sense of delicacy, no dohbt. " Whatever is the matter ?" I asked, sur veying the pair of them. " Oh, sir, you are mother's new lodger, aren't, you?" said the girL " Master Abra ham told me as she had one. Do piease ask her to hear reason, do, I implore you, sir." "I will allow no one to interfere with ray private affairs," said Mrs. * Jarzil,. stamping her foot. "If you are wise you will not seek to make public your dis grace." " There is no disgrace. I have done no thing to be ashamed of, I tell yon.'* • " No disgrace? No disgrace in allowing yourself to be beguiled by that man—to bo fooled by his good looks and soft speeches ?" "What do you mean, mother? I have nothing to do with Mr. Amber." "Liar, you ran.away with hira. What more could you hare to do with him, I should like to .know?" Lottie's spirit rose, and with it the co lour to her cheeks. " I ran away with him? Indeed, I did nothing of the kind. It was you who made me run.away. You treated me so cruelly tha^ I deteriuined to go into service, in London. I. was sick to death of you: scolding, and your preaching and praying, and this dismal house, and these horrible mists, and never a soul to speak to, sick to death of it I tell you. Thai's why I went. Sir. Amber indeed 1" (this with a toss of her head). "I have more taste than to take up, with the likes of him. I met him as he .was leaving here. I was walking, and he offered me & lift "Ab'ra'm saw you; Ab'ram saw you both!" iuterrupicd her mother,. savagely. "He told me you Had eloped with.the man." "That was a lie. I parted from Mr. Amber . at the Loudon railway , starion. From that time to this I, have never set eyes upon him. For my own sake I made 1dm promise t'o hpid his tongue." . " He. did—he did .L" cried Mrs. Jarzil, wildly. "God help hinf and-me, he..did. He returned here, but he . said nothing made no explanation. I believed he had ruined you. Now, oh now, I see it all. And you have* ruined me." "Oh, mother, what do you mean?" "Why did you not let him speak? Oh, why did you not write and explain. .1 be lieved—I thought he had robbed-me of you —and I revenged myself upon him." "Revenged yourself?" I cried. I oegan .\o have -an inkling of what was coming. Cat Mrs. Jarzil paid no heed to me. She , shook Lottie furiously. . , "Do you "know what your silence h^s cost mc?"- (She was.beside herself, now). "It has cost me my- soul—my .soul/l say. Oh, why did ypu let hie believe' him guilty ? I killed him.- I murdered him for "your sake. It-was not vengeance, it was not' : justice, it was crime^crime and evil." ' " Ynu—killed—Mr.. Amber?"... "Yes; I killed him. I swore he should pay for what he had done. His >\rr. curiosity did for him. I played upon it. I lured him to the quicksands'" • "The quicksands 1" 1'repeated, homhed. "I placed a lantern on the brink-of the most dangerous of them," the woman con tinued, feverishly. "He used habitually to walk on the Beaches at dark. His curi osity did the rest. He had to see what that light was. I knew he would. -It was the last light he ever saw in this world; Yes, you can call it murder. It was murder. But it was your fault—your fault. And now he walks, and taps at the door for me. He wants me; he wants me. I thought I lia£ justice on my side—that I was avenging your disgrace; and I fought with my soul; oh, how I fought 1 But now— i now I see he is right. It is I who must now be punished. I must go. I must go. Oh, God be merciful to me, a sinner." Lottie lay stretched on the door. She had fainted. I placed myself between her mother and the door. I dared not let her out. "Where would you go?" I cried, seir.:.tg her by the arm and frustrating a desperue effort to get away. She was fairly de mented, and seemed possessed of strength almost demoniacal. " To the Beaches—to my death. Let me go—let me go. An eye for an eye, I say —a-tooth for s. tooth. That is the law of God. .Hark! Listen! He calls—he calls me." (I could hear nothing bat the howl ing of the wind.) "I must go, I mast go, I must—" She was too quick for me.. Before I had time to stop her she was away into the desulate night. I rushed after her. In, her present condition there was no knowing what- she might do. Clearly her mind was unhinged. 1 could hardly sec for the ram. It was nearly dark too. But on through the mire and the mist I went. I jostled "up against a man. It was Abraham. I re membered It was he who had caused all this, and with the thought I lost control of myself. I gripped him by tbe throat. "You dog—you liar! -Lottie—the girl has come-back!" • • I—I—I know f he gasped. " I was | coming up to see her. Leave ine alone.; What do you mean by this!'1 • "You deserve it, and more, you villain. You know-well the girl did not go with-i Amber. You lied to her mother; you imado her think so. • You were in love with her yourself. The man's death lies at your door more than at hers. She has gone to the Beaches—to her death, I tell you—unless she is stopped." Then I realised .that I was wasting time. I had hastened on, regretting deeply that my feelings had so far got the better of me just then. It was blowing half a gale, thought it was not till I had crossed the sandhills that I realised it. Then the full blast of the wind struck me. It was as much as I could do to keep my feet., I could not see the woman anywhere, though I peered into the gloom until my head swam. • Not a sign of her or any living creature could I see. There was nothing but .the roar of the wind and the sea, and the swish of the driving rain. Then I-thought I heard a cry—a faint cry. I ploughed my way down in the di rection whence I fancied it came. I be came aware that Abraham had followed me. He was dose behind me. Together we: groped blindly on. ' "He'll get her this time!" shouted the mnn. "Come on! Come on J" I roared at him.: "Yonder she is." ** And yonder the Sand-walker." The wretch hung back. Then n gust of wind, more concentrated and more fierce thau before, seemed to rend an opening m the fog. Two shadows could be seen Dul> tering along—one a man of nnsual height, the other a woman, reeling and swaying. She followed the Thing. As we gazed, a light appeared in the 'distance, radiant as a star. Its brilliance grew, and spread far and wide through the fog. The tall figure moved up to and past the light—the other; following, always following. i She staggered and flung up her arms, and a wild and despairing cry rang out above the elements. And the light gradually died away, and the. wind howled on, driv ing the mists across the sinking figure. Slowly-she sank into the sand,' deeper and deeper. One last terrible moan reached us where we were, then she disap peared. For the moment the storm seemed to hush. Then all was darkness. 