Field-Marshal Lord Roberts wisely sent “an appeal to my. countrymen and women upon a subject I have very mucli at heart, and which has been occupying my thoughts for some time paBt.” The subject-matter of the appeal is now historic—“ that the welcome to the troops he has been so proud to command . . .. -may not take the form of ‘treating’ llie men to stimulants in public- houses or in the streets, and thus lead them to excesses which mu6t tend to degrade those whom the nation delights to honor, and to lower ‘the soldiers of the Queen’ in the eyes of the world.” The full text of the' Field-Marshal's letter has been published in cxtenso. There is ample reason to fear that the request of Britain’s leading general is only too well-timed, so far as Aus-. tralia is concerned, for in many, quar ters the sole idea of entertaining dis tinguished people is. to fill them up with intoxicants. Our soldiers are bravo men, who ' have taken their lives in their hands to fight in Mother England’s cause, and it is a pity that they should be subjected to tempta tions of such an insidious nature. More particularly is this entertain ment dangerous to the soldier because he fully well knows tho bravery he iias brought to bear m Boor-land, and ilia feelings are tho raoro easily carried iway when there circle around stirring speeches extolling his patriotism. He is thus in. a more dangerous predica ment from the insidious nature of the intoxicants with which, in the most friendly-manner, his admirers are de lighted to ply him. Instances of this have beon plentiful in Victoria, and it is a great pity that it should be so. If friends of the returned soldier really desire his welfare—and there is no doubt in the world thoy have tho very best desires—tho money might be put to very much better use in promoting his temporal welfare— in purchasing him clothes, outfit, a watch, a “rifle of honor,” or in a dozen other ways that friendly minds could deviso. The Melbourne people degenerated into a wild rabble on the soldiers’ return, and could not bo kept in order by the hundreds of mounted police who lined tho streets. To such an extent was this carried on that no self-respecting soldier would again consent to march through such a crowd. Indeed, some of the heroes were only too glad to sneak out of the line in order to avoid the face-slap ping, tugging and crushing—tho girls’ kisses, perhaps, they did not so much mind, although thoy might be par doned for drawing the line at the old harridans who endeavored to salute tho warriors in this way. Here again is a danger. The girls of Victoria are doing their very best—quito uninten tionally-^ to tufh iltlio heads- of the' Boldierf.'Rather'too much attention is paid to tho soldiors by the feminine 6ido of society. This is bad for the soldiers, and may not be too good for the girls.. While our boys are heroes, and deserving of every reasonable amount of encouragement for their valorous conduct, there is a point bo youd which it may be considered the admiration extends too fir. If the girls’ hero worship bo carried to much greater length, or be continued in its present form, our soldiers may degen erate into a race of “ posers for admir ation.” This would be a sad com mentary on their valorous behaviour in South Africa. Victorians are just a trifle too impetuous. Boforo the war pur volunteers wore, compara tively speaking, unnoticed, and tho “football god” was in the ascendaut. The football field was their sole sliriue of worship. But now tho soldier is placed upon the pedestal of admira tion. Admire him reasonably, but, for goodness’ sake, do not turn his head by absurd inoasitres of over flattory and admiration ! Victorians have the habit of going to extremes. One day thoy leave the soldier un noticed ; then a time comes when they unitedly decide to make a fool of him and keep on doing it. This is not a plea for “ no admiration,” but u com mentary upon the absurdity of over doing it. All places may not be alike in this respect, and our remarks will have no application in such places where tho people are wiser; but in this connection tho.less said about the people of the metropolis tlio better. The fatherly “Bobs” was very far seeing in his letter to loyal subjects of the Crown. Ha did not want to see tbe brave boys who had helped in the Motherland’s cause carried away by fulsome flattery,' or have their con stitutions weakened and their wills sapped tlrrough being plied with au undue amount of intoxicants. In his devotion to the subsequent welfare of his brave men, we can understand his desire to maintain a race of Christian soldiers. He did not treat his men as mere pawus on the chessboard; some thing more thrilled his manly, fath erly heart. He wanted his soldiers to maintain their manliness after they had left the fighting ranks. To Lord Roberts a Christian soldier is no fig ment of imagination, but a real liviug essence. Lord Roberts, in his humane desire for the welfare of his men, has gained for himself, in the minds of the philanthropic, an affection and estoein that were never conjured up by a Napoleon, and a devotion that was never inspired by a giant of tho Nelson type. Every man who marched under “Bobs” has a feeling towards him quite different from that which the soldiers of Napoleon and the sail ors of Nelson possessed towards their leaders. With the amount of liquor offered to “the men in khaki,” unless they had tho courago to say “No,” it would be impossible for them to preservo a demeanor of sobriety; and it is a fortunate tiling that the country districts are much better in this re spect. Perhaps the fact of the metro polis furnishing such big crowds is the factor that makes liberty descend to license. In any case, the country towns are to be commended in that their transports are of a more moder ate nature, being restricted to good wishes and homely welcomes of a more beneficial nature. The field marshal’s appeal has been mado by a man of far-soeiug disposition, the oyes of wlioso mind are open to what will probably eventuate. Indeed, who can say that his words of caution were net needed ? He further desired that the British uniform should not bo dis graced by any excesses. Where all had done so well on the fighting field, the brave general wanted the temporal welfare of his dear boys conserved uftor they had been given pause from their brave deeds. He prided himself upon the fact that his brave lads were upright and honorable of their own free will when in South Africa, and liis earnest desire was that no tempta tion should subsequently bo placed iu their path: The English-speaking world owos to Lord Roberts a deep debt of gratitude, both for his sol dierly conduct of the war and for the noblo-minded' interest which ho has displayed in liis men’s future welfare. The twentieth century is at hand, and retrospection is just now fashionable. Passing notice may therefore be given to the question, “ Is murder dying out ?” especially as there are certain features in connection with the murders by the Breelong blacks which ovoke curious reflections. The wave of execration and public animosity aroused against the Governors is equalled only by the .good-humored equanimity, with which tho leader of these dusky heathens apparently re gards tho whole business. Tj> Jimmy Governor, the events of tho[last fen months seem to uppenr as t highly exciting and diverting paper-chase. He, however, admits that there was some unpleasantness at first wjiich had to bo smoothed away. White pooplo who unjustifiably and persistoutly in terfered in liis domestic concerns had to be got rid of, and, while liis blood was up for awhile afterwards, a few other people had to suffer. But thenceforth he injured none whom he encountered, unless in self-defenco. Did ho not actually give uway money to people who rondered him help against their common enemy, the polico ? And at the finish he shook hands with his captors, the hunters who in fair field and fight had beaten him at his own game. . They had omptiod - sevoral charges of shot into his body, but this was • all part of tho fonunes of war. They had attended to. their busi ness and he had attemlod to bis. He would have shot them just as cheorfully as he received their shots. To civilised minds, such nonchalant disregard of social laws and of .pain and death seems appalling. But, after all, are the Governors a3 bad or as exceptional in morals as they are painted? It may be admitted that there are crimes which are more cruel to suffer than death—the ingratitude or treachery of friends,, for instance— and there are murders of many kinds. The crimes of the semi-savage Gover nors pale into insignificanca when compared with the atrocities of some of our notorious white criminals. The ignorant blacks received serious pro vocation and ran amok, but civilised men, like Bertrand, Butleror Deeming, deliberately pursued their ghoulish careers of murder as though human life was absolutely worthless. Scarcely a week passes ■ without a murder in Australia—a discovered murder, bo it understood—aud these murders aro committed by whites. Lot us, there fore, not heap hypocritical coutumely upon- tho wretched perpetrators of the Breelong massacres. Pooplo in glass houses should not throw stones. Al though nine persons in all wore slaughtered by the Governors, the idea that murder is prevalent among civilised aborigines is -dissipated by an examination of tho N.S. W. criminal records, of tho past sixty years. Prom 1843 to date, only eight aborigines have been executed for murder. This total of course does not include the uumber of homicides which liavo occurred among themselves or deaths caused by blacks who have evaded capture. It must not be forgotten that, although tho crude, brutal varieties of murdor are now becoming -obsoleto, tho complexities of our modern civilisation afford many now opportunities to scheming evil-doers which they are not slow to soizo. An intentional push iu an engine-room, or carelessness with some liniment, will frequently pass as accidental, aud knowledge of anatomy and tho easiest ways to cause death—by poisons and otherwise—is bocoming general. .'With tho spread of education aud tho alleged refining influences of partial education there are indications that respect for tho sanctity of human life has not increased. Suicide—the lmlf brotfior to murder—is undoubtodiy-on' the increase. Practically the whole of the globe has been explored, and discontented man is now convinced that no ready-made elysium exists on earth to which ho may flee when liis habitual surroundings are full of trouble. Discoveries in science show more aud more, day by day, the in significance and evanescence of man. Of what account is the brief life of a human being in a world probably a hundred million years old, a world which itself is but a mere speck in infinity, a world whereon the light of the nearest fixed star must shine for over three years before it can reach the observer’s vision 2 Gone, nowa days, to many half-educated embryo criminals, are the old superstitions of haunting ghosts and the terrors of eternal fiery torments in a future stato. Materialistic pessimism is the order of the day—and night. But, if the -outlook is gloomy, some consola tion remains. If life is held of less account than formerly, we are, on the whole, more humane to tho living. We would kill an enemy rather than torture him, as of old, and this is something to our credit. Want of space precludes us from discussing, here, suggestions made to counteract the growing evils of pessimism. Optimists, however, may take heart of grace. The present is surely but a phase of transition in our long, line of advance. 