[THE BLESSING OF ESAU. A ROMANCE OP THE MARCHLANDS, BY FRANK SAVILE, Author of " John Ship, Mariner," " Beyond the Great South Wall," &c;, [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XVIII. PRINCE LUDWIG DIVERTS HIMSELF. " Us, mother mine There you sit warming yourself sleekly in the sun like any tabby cat. Sit you down again Now tell me if I am grown these days past, and ask, as you surely should, if I have been a good boy with my masters " He dropped his hand gently upon her grey locks as he pushed her into her chair, and tweaked a curl mischievously. The old nurse looked up with laughing oyes and great pride in her stalwartness. She put up her withered hand to pat his fingers as they lay lightly on her hair. " "Tis too bad, Highness, to twit me so. You with your moustache grown, and the crown of your head above the beam of my door. As if I had not seen you ride at the head of a regiment these years past." " All the same, mother, I might have grown, not perhaps in stature. And as for masters well, one is always learning. How is the rheu- matism to-day ? " By Our Lady's Grace, much better, with thanks to your Highness tor remembering an old woman's little woes. But I should have guessed your Highness to be in the mountains this weather. 'Tis no time for these oven-like walls of Karsova. " " Nay, now, mother. Is there nothing to do save pursue bear and gemse ? I vow I had thought better things of you than to persuade a well-mean- ing youth into the paths of idleness. There is time enough for hunting yet," and Ludwig licked his lips with a satisfied air. " It was not wont to need much persuasion to send the Heritor to the Marchlands when autumn grew warm about him. But doubtless you will be off soon enough, Highness. " " Soon enough, mother, but none too soon The chase we fare upon has been waiting over long. " A shade of anxiety crew upon the old lady's face. She looked up again with something of a furtive expression. " Your Highness has guests -a large party ? ' "Even so, mother But there will be sport enough for all that. Doubt it not. " " You will not be reckless, Sire ? There may be so many dangers about the chase Our Lady give you Her protections. I shall not cease to supplicate Her for you." He laughed pleasantly as he bent to touch her forehead with his lips. " Ever a worry and a care -was I not, Loisa ? And now, though your responsibilities are over, your anxieties cease not. Have no fear. It is to be a well-ordered business-this There is talk of my father honouring it with his presence. The highest in Europe have been invited, though some, perchance, will not find it convenient to attend. The Scotch Colonel Margetson is to accompany me at any rate, and this is a strong voucher that all will be done demurely. What think you ?" " I have not seen him, Sire The talk runs that he is a valiant and discreet gentleman , at present he is away from Karsova, is he not ?" The clatter of li oom echoed out of one of the streets near by, and the two raised their eyes to encounter the view of a small procession turning into the square At the head rode Bzenigv, saluting the Prince punctiliously as he drew down upon him, while behind him three other persons followed abreast. Half a dozen indifferently clad horsemen brought up the rear Ludwig re- turned the salute, whistling low to himself be- neath his breath. " Talk of the devil," quoth he meditatively, " and immediately you smell the sulphur Mar- getson himself, and as I live he must have tamed the wild man of Koltenota and brought him in to swear allegiance Well, what next. " He strode out into the sunlight of the square, and standing at Margetson's stirrup gave him cheery greeting. " How now, colonel ?" he said, as he gripped the other's hand " "Yon mission has sped wondrous well. Have I the felicity of beholding the Syndic of Koltenom himself? Do me the honour to preant me " As Margetson made known the Heritor of Illuria to the head of the House of Karenyi, he bowed his profoundest, sweeping his plumed hat before him. " An honour long looked for, sir," said he " In my father's name let me be the first to wel come you to Karsova " The other looked down with a smile that was something grim curling the corners of his mouth " Long looked for, perchance, Prince, but yet, I think, little sought But I take it vastly flattering that your father has found time to spare me attention amid his valiant toils " For a moment Ludwig was nonplussed. The Ban had indeed been somewhat neglectful of this new-found neighbour, aud excuse seemed far to find. Then he laughed lightly. " We are a dull folk in Karsova, sir, and modest, I hope, in proportion We care not to welcome friends when entertainment is lacking, and of truth it lias lacked in Illuria these long years past. Now we have a fine ploy toward one that should satisfy the most satiated pleasure seeker between Poland and Stamboul. May I crave introduction to your companion?' He bowed in the direction of the figure that sat motionless upon the horse at the Studio's right hand, the long riding cloak covering against the dust every portion of the rider's face save the eyes alone. " My daughter, the Lady Ivara Karenyi," quoth the Syndic herself, with a wave of his hand in her direction. The cloak fell from the lady's face to her shoulders. for one long silent instant Ludwig's steadfast brown eyes looked up into the blue ones that were turned gravely to meet his gaze. In that instant Hildegarde of Saxony's flaxen locks and peach complexion faded from his mind as com- pletely as if they had never been. A mighty wave of feeling-almost of passion-swept over his heart, engulfing it utterly. For him the sun light grow brighter, the breeze softer, the hum of the city musical as any love song. The im pression of something long sought was upon him -something sought and won at last-and left him scarce wondering and fully satisfied His ready tongue failed him for the moment, but not in nervousness. He delayed to speak, fearing, hesitating, to break this wondrous spell. Then with a sigh of very perfected content he found his voice, bowing low. " There is little enough to please a lady's fancy in Karaova. Yet we have our manuels, Lady Ivara, boors though we be. Believe me we will do our utmost to merit this honour you have done us. Let me present myself as the first to proffer you service in our Illurian capital. He bowed again, sweeping his hat to the very earth. The blue eyes smiled back pleasantly enough, but with no self consciousness Ivara bowed with a natural and easv gratefulness that became her vastly, answering quietly, " I thank your High nes from my heart, ' the while she twitched back her cloak again about her neck and shoulders whence it w as slipping. The young man strode forward eagerly to assist her. There was some little awkwardness and con- fusion as his hand touched hers amid the folds. Perchance the thrill that pulsed to his heart as he felt the soft touch of her gloved fingers made him nervous, but the fact remained that instead of helping he delayed. Her horse, young and restless, danced beneath the flapping drapery, snorting and fighting beneath the pressure of the curb. The cloak dropped lower. By an unlucky mischance Ivara's spurred heel found the mare's flank. She plunged viciously, rearing, aud beating the air with her fore legs. The sudden jerk sent the cloak from the lady's waist and shoulders, to envelop Ludwig's head and arms completely. Another plunge flung him down amid the trample of the frightened hoofs, wrapped in the thick folds helpless and blind in his peril. The whole matter was brought about in the space of seconds. Margetson sprang from his saddle impetuously and seized the tossing reins. The horse still fought, rearing and striking out with reckless hoofs. Margetson avoided them with difficulty, and one thrust of an iron shoe smote against his chest, tearing his tunic down the front, and baring his chest, whereon it left a crimson scar. Heedless of the hurt he grasped the bridle tighter, shifting his right hand upon the wide-distended nostrils. Every muscle of his arm and every vein that pulsed about his neck stood out tense as warped cords. Tho struggle was short. As the strong fingers closed upon the gaping nostrils, the convulsive snorts died down, and with one strong tremor the limbs grew still. Her ears a-prick, the mare stood trembling, looking with frightened eyes into the masterful face before her, while with the sound of muffled swearing Ludwig rolled from beneath her feet, tossing the cloak from about him with vicious thrusts. As Ivara began to offer her ready cavalier a few words of disjointed thanks a shrill cry inter- rupted her. Both she and those about her turned their eyes hastily to where old Loisa stood with outstretched hand, pointing at Margetson's bosom, and staring -with wide and wondering eyes. The four others followed the direction of her index finger and marvelled upon what they saw. The stuff of his riding tunic lay about the young man's bosom in ragged strips, where the iron-shod hoof had rent and left it. His chest was bare for some five inches below the inset of his neck. Along his collar-bone showed a red and bleeding sear, the blood trickling from it steadily as the veins were drained of their pulsing. But across the centre of his breast another mark was traced, growing plainer as they gazed. Angry, crimson, and defined as if the bright colour was limned by an artist, the end of a scab- bard stared out upon his skin. The lines, the weighted end, the thickening, all stood out clearly scarlet against the white background. It was the last six inches of a common cavalry scabbard. The point was definite and detailed. The upper part faded vaguely into the lower portion of his throat. For half a minute the outline shone before them unwaveringly. Then, as the throbbing of his veins calmed down and the flush died from his cheeks, the impression faded. The angry crimson drooped to pink , the pink blurred and lost its outline. Before any one spoke tho whole appearance was lost in the natural whiteness which his skin resumed. Muttering and chattering to herself old Loisa sank back upon her chair. Her eyes were glued to Margetson's face. Her fingers picked aim- lessly at her gown. Her mouth gaped wide in unconscious surprise. Her words were half coherent and disjointed. " The scabbard-the scabbard," she mumbled, " even as Margaret had it Lord help my old wits and eyes ' Was it there ? Ay, was it there ?" She plucked tremblingly at Ludwig's sleeve. Highness ! Highness ! ' Tor pity's sake, who is he?" The Prince laid his hand upon her twittering fingers, tightening his grip upon them before he answered - " Who, mother ? What ails you ?" " The gentleman there with his torn tunic. Ah, Highness, you would not deceive an old woman. It shone upon gis bosom, did it not ? Tell me, then, the mark-the stigma they called it-the Polish scabbard end ? ' Margetson strode up to them, and she stared up into his face with furtive, awe struck eyes. " Excellency-the mark that shone upon your bosom ? It was no fancy of mine. It was there ? Tell me, then, tell me You will not deceive me " She grasped the torn tunic almost savagely. Margetson smiled uncomfortably, answering lightly as he tossed a ducat into her lap. " There, there, good dame. There is nothing to be frightened of. A mark truly comes upon my bosom when excitement or excrcise quickens my blood over-much. But it is nothing-naught to harm me or anyone who sees it. Take that bit of silver now and buy yourself a cordial to but- tress your weak nerves. One would have thought you had seen a ghost. " He laughed as he turned away. Ludwig released her hand and gave her a reassuring nod, as he turned back to join the others, who rode slowly across the great square towards the palace gates Margetson, with the natural discomfort of a man who has been cen- tral figure in an out-of-the-way incident, hastily drew the rags of his tunic across his bosom, and remained in the background, leaving Ludwig to conduct Karenyi and his daughter. With the delicacy of good breeding none of the others ventured a remark. The whole body of horse- men turned into the palace yard and were lost to old Loisa's view, and it is doubtful if one among them gave the matter another thought. For Karenyi's mind was full of his coming interview, Ludwig's of the Lady Ivara, and Murgetson was brooding with jealous misgivings over the open admiration which was shining bright from the Prince Heritor's eyes. And so, each with his own burden of care, they passed upon their way. But beneath her porch old Loisa sat back trembling in her wicker chair, muttering many things which would have had meaning to two men alone. And these were to Duke Otho of Illuria, and Colonel Douglas Fraser of Fauldry, men now parted-though but one of them knew it-by less than fifty leagues of Marchland high- ways-a distance easily covered when the stress of war or of high policy demands it. (To be continued.) 