Motes and Mews, A slight break occurred in the abnormally dry weather of the last few months on Sun dav night. The old inhabitants of the gold field of late have been racking their brains for similar droughty experiences in the field's history, to what we have been passing through, and with some success. Though the present season may not bs exactly a re cord one, it has been dry enough in all con science. The agricultural industry in the district has been at a stand- still, gardens have withered up and wafer for domestic purposes has had to be purchased or drawn from neighbouring shafts, the fank supp'y having given out long ago. The weathir bureau forecasts have added to the miseries entailed, by holding out little hope of a satis factory charjge in the arid conditions, even with a passing thunderstorm. Saturday lass was extremely hot, perhaps the hottest day o£ the season and Suuday was Intle cooler. After sundown on Sunday, what appeared to be summer lightning, flushed intermittently on the southern horizon. Towards 8 o'clock the rumblings of the thunder were heard in the distanee-and there was a fair promise of the storm breaking. As it approached the play of the lightning east aud south was magnificent in its brilliancy, inspiring in its beauty. Shortly after the rain began iofall and through the downpour the heavens were lit up with flashes almost blinding in their intensity. The storm lasted but an hour, a fall of 45 points being registered at the local Post Office. A meeting of the committee of tho Gympie Friendly Societies' Association was held on Friday night, when the programme for the sports to be held on January 26th, as drafted by the sub-committee, wa3 adopted. The total prize money amounts to £70, and the programme is a varied and interesting one. Messrs. D. McCqrmack, J. McNamara, and H. Liddy were elected handicappers, and Mr. U. Molton starter. Vlr.W. G. Ambrose was appointed chairman, Messrs. J. Bohan and M. Gee joint secretaries, and Mr. R. H. Elliott treasurer. It was resolved that a letter be written to the W.C.T. Union, asking for loan of their large tent ;? also to the female lodges, asking their co-operation in running a temperance stall. The custom ary ball will bo held at night in the Hibernian Hall. Two drunks were brought up at the Police Court yesterday, before Mr. F, P. Parkinson, P.M., and discharged. One of these is the notorious Billy Beeston, an uborigioal who is Jbscoming a nuisance at least, in the town. On Sunday night this semi-civilised black entered a house in Duke street oooupied by a widow and her children. Luckily she had some female friends with her when Beeston marched in in a halfintoxi cated condition. The storm was raging at the time and the invader refused to leave the premises, persuasion and argument alike being wasted on him. At last he was threatened with the majesty of the law in the shape of the police, but the threat did not move him. Tha woman of the house went to the Police Station and reported the matter, Constable Barns accompanying her back, Beeston meantime had thought better of his first intention and had got und-r the house, wbenoe he was brought forth by the constable and lodged in.the lookup. He was brought up at the Police Court yesterday, as stated, and charged with drunkenness, but on promising to get opt of the town he was discharged with a caution. He is the sort of character that Mr. Meston might forcibly persuade to take up hi3 residence on Frazer Island or some other aboriginal settlement, as his room is certainly better than his oom pany. The Barns also applies to another bkokf ellow who pays periodic visit3 to the towD, and whose ohief danger lies in not what he has done in the past but what he may do in the future. A little girl named Margaret Morissey was burned to death at Charters Towers: on Friday through her olothes catobiDg fire, \- Something of a soare wks caused at the One Mile last week, by the appearance of a ghost, or apparition or some other Buch mys lerious denizen of -the spirit world in tha vicinity of the New Zealand hotel. .Rumor hath it— and it is only meet that in speaking of ghostly visitors there is a certain indefin iteness about the particulars — that the un canny thing appeared shortly after the mys tic hour of midnight, bat knpt without the range of p issible capture ; it eluded all searchers after truth, kept to the shadows and by-ways and finally disappeared as mys teriously as it had come. The police have the weird affair in hand but it is too early in the chase to expect they have suoh a thing as a clue. However, they have made some sort of a discovery, whether oonnected with the midnight visitor, yet remains to be proven. On the One Mile School premises some prosaic female garments were un _earthed— a skirt and a pettiooat. If they are portion of tho ghost's apparel, it must be a very human ghost indeed thnt has shaken the nerves of the One Mile folk. A public meeting of oitizens interested in the formation of a Volunteer Fire 'Brigade is convened for to-night in the Town Hall. The Annual Revision Court for the Mun icipality of Gympie, .will be. hald'.ia frhp; Town Hull on Friday next. - . . . : In accordance vithfthe decision arrived at at last Municipal Council meeting the aldermen yesterday visited^ the Sanitary Depot, and inspected the plant with a view, to purchase. ?- ? , - \i\j--,\\- ???.- . . ^v; Following is the report of the Gympie' Hospital for the week ending Sunday last: — Admitted, 9 males, 2 females; discharged, 13 males, 2 females ; died, Jorgens Erickson, aged 68, admitted October 30, died Novem ber 13; remaining, 15 males, 9 females,-; total, 24. The head nurse requests us to state that she is in want of old linen for the institution, . . Two numbers consist of the same, three figures in reverse order. Added together, they make 1170. Their difference can be divided by 11 without a remainder. ,: .What are the numbers ? Master Herbert.fButler, ' of Brisbane road, Monkland,- writes; to say that the numbers are 387 and 783, Correct. The President of the Gympie Eifle Club will be in attendance at the Drill Shed on Thursday night next to enrol members. The time of nomination for M.U.I.O.O.F. Sports on New Years' .Day, has been ex tended to Saturday next. Dr.. Morgan .will lecture at the Widgee Divisional Board- Hall to-morrow - night, under the auspices of the Sahopl of Arts Technical College, on ' Our homes aud how to make them healthy.' Admission free. The Model Band on Saturday night at tracted a large crowd in front of Stewart's Hotel, when they rendered among other pieces, the Mount Morgan Contest selec tions. Mr. E. Shoit also gave his cornet solo and Mr. H. Snell his euphonium boIo. A very heavy storm passed over Warwick on Suuday afternoon, the wind blowing with hurricane force, and daing a considerable amount of damage. Ihe country around lhargomindah is in a terrible state, and no mutton has been procurable there for many months, and beef will be unprocurable shortly. The chess match between New South Wales and Queensland played by telegraph on Saturday resulted in Queensland winning five games and New South Wales four, and one game being referred for adjudication. Heavy thunderstorms have been experi enced iu Sydney, and the rain was so heavy as to do considerable damage. At Granville a hou-e was struck by lightning, and a boy was killed, A peculiarly distressing casis of a young woman's mind bseomiug unhinged through fright occurred last week in Glen Innes (N. S.W.), The young lady in question ou Thursday had occusiou to go to an outshed for some potatoes. While in the act sht caught hold of a blaok snake which was reposing arupng the tubers. The sight and touch of the reptile gave her a severe shock. The case becoming serious she was oonvt-.yed to the hospital, aud after medical attention tho uufortuQH.te girl was ordered to the asylum for the insane, Gladesville, for treat-, inent. The body of the late Frederick Farrant Cox, formerly of her Majesty's navy, and lately a lecturer in Sydney on theosophy and astronomy, was cremated on Sunday after noon at Long Bay. . . An explosion of gunpowder occurred in the house of ^GhCarles Tromff, at Beaufort (Vic.) on Saturday morning,, resulting in the death of Mrs. Tromff, aged 71 years. A fire was lit- under a stove which had not been used for nearly twelve months, and thu explosion, besides doing a great deal of damage to the room, knocked Mrs. Tromff down with such force that she soon succumbed to the injuries she received. About 1G0O navvies employed by the Vic torian Railway Department have struck for higher wages. Sir George Turner has completed the formation of the new Victorian Ministry. When the Melbourne Cup horses were at the starting-gate a well-nourished lady of about 15 stone stood up in the stand in order to get a better view. She obstructed the view of some three dozen men in the mem bers' stand. ' J*it down !' they shouted. She endured this for a little while, and then - she turned on them. ' My old man,' she shouted, ' has paid ten bob for me, and I don't intend to sit down to oblige any dead heads. There now !' — Akgiu3. 'This is quite true,' declares the Aus tralasian : ' My dear,' said Mrs. Glen-Iris to her husband at breakfast, ' the servant has gone again ; must have flitted in the night. I can't make it out.' 'It i3 curious,' replied Mr. Glen-Iris- ?' This is the fifth that has disappeared mysteriously in a fortnight. Is anything wroDg with the house ? Is it haunted ? Is her room damp ? We had bstter make a voyage of discovery, as we cannot go on like this.' After break fast the kituhen was inspected carefully, but nothing found to account for the suddenness of flight of the various domestics. Then the bedroom wis gone through, and everlhing seemed ail right, until Mrs. Glen-Iris hap pened to opan the cupboard, and there was the skeleton that had frightened the domes ties away. Ic was a square of cardboard, on which was written. 'Don't stop here: the missus is a beast.' ' The West Australian electoral rolls under the new Act have been completed and show a remarkable increase in the number of electors, The new rolls contain 91,005 names as against 23,313 on the old rolh;. - '' A terrible accident occurred it the Sema phore, Port Adelaide, on Friday. A boy aged 4£ years, and a girl aged 2 years, the children of a resident of Broken Hill who has be^n staying with a friend at the Sema phore, got on the railway line behind the rear-, carriage of a stationary train at the railway station, and were not observed until the engine-driver had started shunting the trai^ backwards. The last carriage passed over both children, and seriously injured them. Each required to have one leg amputated, and it is doubtful whether either child will recover. ? ^ ? . ? ' 