Presbyterian Jubilee. Visiting Ministers. The first services and celebrations in con nection with the jubilee of Presbyterianism in Queensland were held yesterday. Tho prin cipal Presbyterian Dulnits of tho eltv were occupied by reprcsontativo ministers from London, Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide. Some of these are referred to below. Tho chief ovent to Prosbytetiaoa themselves was the United Communion Seutiok held in the Exhibition concert brill yestorday afternoon under tho presidency of tho vory rev. tho moderator fRov. Dr. Ktiipc). who .was supported on tho platform by sevoral assisting miuistors. The 100th Psalm opened tho ecrvico. Prayer was offered by. the Rev. John Ferguson, of St. Stephen's Sydney. Tho Scripture lesson was read by the Rev. W. S. Macqueen, . followed by a hymn. A short 6ermon was preached by Rev. Professor Harper, B.D., yrho selected as bis text the words " Jesus Christ, the samo, yesterday, to-day, aqd for ever." The treat- merit of the subject was most impressive. The "dispensation of the sacrament of the Lord's supper followedi' tho moderator being assisted therein by tbo ministers and ciders of tbo various churches, the moderator himself read- iug tho Scripture, and tho liov. Dr. Hay offering the sacramental prayers. A short address on tho words " I havo received of tho Lord that which I delivered unto you" wus delivered by tho Rev. G. Davidson, M.A., of South Australia. This was followed by tbo doxology. This very Im pressive. service, which was attonded by about 500 persons, wus closed by tbe Rev. A. J. Wade, of Victoria, who pronounced the benediction. Good service was rondered by Mr. H. Knnpp, , who presided at the great orgau. WICKHAM TERRACE CHURCH. There wiis a very iurgo congregation in the Wickham terrace 'Presbyterian Church on Sunday morning. Professor Harper, of Victoria, preached a fine discourse from the text, " The wages of sin is death, but the gift of God- is oternal life." He began by pointing out that, if Christians realised tho supremo meaning which tho text lmd in the mind of the apostle, their atticudo towards sin would bo very different. Tho text lmd been looked upou by many persons us refer ring to physical death ; but tho meaning which tho apostle wished to convey was that «iu would result in spiritual death or the death of the soul. Tho preacher hi. graphic language depicted the corrupting influences of sin upon the spiritual nature, and closed a sermon characterised by much eloquence and fine illustration by exhorting his hearers to cultirate tho spiritual lifo and strengthen it by faith in and love of Jesus Christ. In the evening there was a crowded con gregation. The Rev. J. B. Mobarry preached from 1 Luko xv., his address being a study in combination and contrast of the two phrases, "And as soon us this thy son," nud "It was ineot that wo should make merry and glad for this thy brother." The preacher said that the purablo of tho prodigal son had put the whole world under reverent and lasting obligations. There seemed to bo as much stress and artistic skill and vitality laid upou every littlo incidental casual word as upon the whole doctrluo of tho parable. The combinati"n and contrast of the two Ehrases, "this thy son" und "this thy rother," made him begin to feci what a merciful thing it was that God and not man would judge us when this life ceased. The Lord was merciful and hid onr faults in the littlo drapery called flesh. The world's judg ment was cruel, and men who had urged a man to ruin wore tho very men who pointed tho finger of scorn at him, ond cried, " Ho was a Christian once." Tho scornful con- , tempt of the older brother towards ; tho returned prodigal was dwelt upon, and contrasted with tho Jovo of the father, who had quickly rebuked his elder sou byremiuding him that the penitent rylurned sinner wiis his brother. Tho so- cailed righteous man did iiot like to think of all men as being on tho sumo plane as himself, but no , matter how degraded a man might become he still was a brother. Of no man would he (tbe preacher) say anything worse than "He is my brother." Beneath the surface there wcro mystic subtle bands binding ouch to the ; other. The judgment of tho world wus thio contemptuous, pharisaical, scornful words, " this thy son." Tho Divine judgment was tho tender, "this thy brother." When we had sinned out sin, it might bo that the last point of our degrada tion was tho point of our c mmencement of our exaltation in Christ. If ho should never in tho providence of God look thtnn in tho face again, let him reassert that night that not the righteous did Jesus como to call, but Qc enrae to seek and to savo that which was lost. During the day excellent work was done by tho large choir of the church, under Mr. C. H. Allen, organist. The anthciu in tho even ing, "Sing, oh daughter of Siou," was very acceptably rendered. ST. PAUL'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. The Rev. Professor Harper, B.D., of Ormond College, Molbourne, was the special preacher at St. Paul's Church, Loichhardt street, last ovoning. There was an unusually largo congregation, among thoso in the churoh being his Excelleucy the Governor and tho Premier (tho Hon. it. Philp), The musical portion of tho service was particularly attractive. Tho anthem, ' 'Theradmut morn lias passed away ' ' was well rendered by the choir, and tho hymns were appropriate ones, tbo congregation joining heartily in the singing. Dr. Harpor took his text from the second buck of Samuel, chapter xiv. tho latter part of tho 14th verse : "Neither doth God respect any person, yet doth he devise means that his banished bo not expelled from him." Tho prcaohcr drew an analogy botwoen the posi tion of ' Absalom, when banished by his father, David, and tho man who by not laying hold of the means of grace has become banished from the kingdom of God. Ho Soiuted out that the words of tho text, used y the woman Tekouh to King David, de scribed the attitude of tho Divine Being to tho wanderer from the Christian fold. Ho said tboro was , great difficulty iu understanding or estimating how much tho ancinnt people of God really, know about tho Divinity nud about tho religion which is rovealed in Christianity. Formerly the tendency was to think that tho ancients knew inoro than they really did. Tho view now held, however, is that in their religious .beliefs they wore littlo better than the heuthoii, simply regarding Him ns a good man. Absalom was like the man who strayed from God. He went into u fur country, among ineu who were of inferior raoe, to escape tho consequences of . his folly ; but it is not so with thoso who attempt to got away from God. It is impossible to get away from tho power of God. As ono of the pools of the Old Testament has expressed it, "Whither ahull I go front Thy spirit and whither shall I fleo from Thy presence." Mankind was born with a perception of tho Divino. Hon could scarcely get rid of tho voioo of the sou of infinito lovo which brought them hither. Gradually, however, tho influence of tho world tends to weaken that perception and to causo men to gradually drift into darkness It was so easy to go into a fur country. A man did not need to bo guilty of uny great crime, nor to bo burdened with vice or wiokednoss beyond the average. . And when men wundorcd into the far country it was possible for them to get so far from tho Father's voice as to bo beyond recall. In that way tbo banished ho- curae God's outcasts, nnd many respectable, estimablo men uud women havo been spending their lives iu goiug round to all the windows of the sottl whioh open to tho word of the lovo of God, and drawing thorn down ono by otic, so that they can get something that glitters, until at the last they attain a peace whioh God did not givo and cnunot take away. But if, on the other .hand, men strove .to work out their aspirations of lovo and beauty and holiness thoy could thou rest assured that they would -sou tho King's face. That was tho messago of Christianity. Why was it that so many refuse to aeeopt it, and so became outcasts from -God? Mr. Herman Knapp presided at tbo organ throughout tho service PARK PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. Tho morning service at the Park Presby terian Churoh, South Brisbane, wus conducted by tho Rev. J. Ferguson, o! St. Stophen's, Sydney, tho dologato to the Queensland Presbyterian jnbileo celebration from tbo Now South Wales .Church, A large congre gation assembled. Tho reverend gentleman, who is a forciblo speaker, gavo an imprcssivo discourse from tho text Aots iv. 13, "Now, wbeil thoy saw. tho boldness of Peter and and perceived that tliy were unlearned and ignorant men, they marvelled, and they took knowledge of them, that they had been with Jesus." Peter and John, he pointed out, stood before uk as tbe oxumplc of tlio early community of boliovers. The spirit and supreme end of the lifo of Peter and John wore tho spirit' and supreme idea of tho life of the early church. Hero wo were told their boldness caused the peoplo to marvel at tho change wrought within them. Thoy horo witness for Jesus and tbe truth of Jesus before men whom a few weeks before thoy would have fled from iu fear and trembling. Tbesoearly believer were all changed men, and the ehungo of life and spirit had certain charac teristics, Tho first of tbeso characteristics was their deep conviction of the presence of Jesus in power. They believed iu tho risen Chris1-, tyid were overwhelmed with tho sense of the power of Christ glorified. Thou they hnd discovered their "vocation. After the power of tho Holy Ghost came upon them they discovered their - calling. Thoy dis covered that they had to go forth and follow in tho footsteps of the Master. Not. only did they feel called upou to teach the ethical doctrine of Jckus Christ, but they were to bring men unto Him. Here was the great difference between Christ's mission and their mission. Christ's missiou was to make men obediont unto Himself ; their mission was # not only to try to make men obedient unto Him, but to bo obedient them selves. Suppose theso men hud Wn asked for a remedy for the social and other evils of tho present day, their answer would have been to accept Christ, for us to be true to' His faith, and show to tho community that true men wero living round it. Peter and Johu wore said to behold. Thorewas ueod of boldness of tho right, sort for Christ to- day. Somo would say it was not easy to ho hold, but if wo set to work properly we would discover the right boldness as others had discovered it. IVo must make Christ King over everything in our boons , wo needed boldness in speaking and praying, and the boldunss of liviug iu the spirit of Christ. At tho conclusion of his discourse, Mr. Ferguson said he had made an interesting discovery ; he learned that tbo Kev. Thomas Mowbray, who bad founded the Turk Church, had also established his owu (St. Stephen's) in New South Wales in 1844. WOOLOOWIN PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. Rev. George Davidson, M.A., delegate to tho Presbyterian General Assembly from South Australian chnvch,' conducted morning service at the Presbyterian Church. Wooloo win, yesterday. During the service the preacher addressed a few remarks to tho girls and hoys present, takiug for his text, first chapter of the Epistle of St. Paul to toe Colossiaus, 15th verse, " Who is the image of the invisible God." He exhorted tho young peoplo to read their Bibles in order to learn more about their God. God's words told them of tho happiness that is to bo us a reward for a good life. Tbo happiness bad been promised to them by the Christ who died upon tho cross to save them from tho wins of this world, and tho condemnation for tho world to como. For his sermon proper Mr. Davidson took as his toxt the first chapter of the Gospel according to Sr. Johu and tho fourth vorso : "In him wus life', and tho life was tho light of men." Ho prefuoed his remarks by saying if tbey were to ask some mcu what was meant by religiou thoy would receive various answers. Somo mou would toll them that it was nothing loss than u political ex pression, used iu order to mako peoplo behave themselves ; others would say it was simply a mockery and a sham aud fear, the result of superstition on the purt of man. But past history proved that this was not so. Their religion was not a book religion. God had rovonied himself to them first by inspiring men to prepare tbe way for tho truth, nnd in tho fullnesH of fiino rovealed himself through Jesus Christ. Tho mot that Jesus Christ . caino to this world was uot a human inven tion, it was not a manufactured talo or an imagination of tho mind, lb was a truth that had stood good after generations. 