GEtfEBAL NEWS. Oub Degilbo letter and Mining News will be found in the baok page in this issue. A meeting of the Nanango Railway Association was held yesterday afternoon to consider what aSsistanoe could be offered to Mrs. Maud Wheeler, a representative of tbe Courier, who is about -to traverse and 'write up' the Nanango distriot, with special reference, we understand, to the ques tion of the rival railway rciuteB. There was a fair attendance, Mr. G. ' Hors burgh occupying, the chair in the absence of the President, Mr. James Fairlie. Two letters from Mr. ,T. T. Annear, in 'reply to Mr. Fairlie's, with respect to the visit of Mrs. Wheeler, and advising the Associa ciation what it would be well to do, were read, but as Mr. Fairlie's letter to Mr. Annear was not available, the meeting was placed somewhat at a disadvantage as to what action to take. After some discussion, in which a unanimous desire was expressed that the Association should render every assistance to Mrs. Wheeler, especially to enable her to proceed by the surveyed route of the railway as nearly as possible, and see the extent and character of the agricultural lands passed through, it was resolved that Messrs. Horsburgh, Hart, Cameron, and Ooraer be acommitteo to' act on behalf -of tbe Associa tion and afford Mrs. Wheeler every assistance that may prove acceptable and necessary to enable her to see the Nanango district and inspect the rival routes to the best advantago. It is expected that the I ' Courier Special,' who hy her articles on 1 Cfhillagoe district has -proved herself a keen observer, and . an. able and entertaining writer, will arrive from Brisbane to-night, staying to-morrow in Maryborough to visit the sawmills, foundries, and other local industries. She will then go to Kilkivan, and proceed thence to Nanango, and on to Brisbane, via Esk. It will be remem bered that when, just prior to' the last elections, the agitation over, the rival Nanango railway routes became extremely heated both In' Maryborough and Brisbane, tbe Courier took tbe stand, which Marybo rough promptly endorsed, that the question of the route to be adopted, in the construction of the railway, must be determined by the ' pressure of facts and figures.' We have no doubt that Mrs. Wheeler's instructions are to allow herself to'be influenced only by the pressure of facts and figures, in which case we shall look forward to her report with the satisfactory anticipation that it will but still further strengthen the already un assailable arguments in favour ol the Eil kiyan extension as against all others. The Maryborough Hospital Committee met last night, therebeing present — Messrs. . John Graham (President), H. Corser, W. Hatton, T. B. Smythe, G. H. Burn, and Dr. Garde. Correspondence included a letter from MisB E. M. Winter, Cordalba, accepting a position as nurse on probation. The surgeon, Dr. Garde, in his report stated that two nurses were ill and one away on leave, and he had found it-necessary to take j on probationers. Nurse Higgins having aocepted a position in the Gympie Hospital, the Surgeon rcoommended that Nurse Illidge; having gained her certificate as a trained nurse, be promoted to the position held by Nurse Higgins, with the increased salary attaohed thereto. The recommenda tion was adopted, and the Balary increased -. accordingly as froin 1st March. The Presi dent reported that, as head of the Marybo rough Hospital, he had accepted an. invita tion to attend the opening qf the Childers Hospital. He was very pleased with what he had seen there, an.' he hud invited the ! Childers secretary to call upon them for all the information be might require respecting the working of a hospital. Tbe various , sub-committees' reports were received -and adopted, and this concluded the business. | You should see the Goffered Chiffons Finney's offer at lO^d. per yard 1; This is usually known as the Concertina Chiffon, 1 and it is 20 inchcs wide, in Black and Colored. j i Mb. Stopast asks us to direct attention to his advertisement, the distinctive feature ) of which Is that he' begins to-day -to give as a Free Will Offering 2s. 6d. cash for every 20s. cash spent, in addition to' the' 'very special reductions now tuling. - !IW^l^lwsl?®a&^^g,jSa|yiii.n JiMWwsnnnse.^iBpw^^eriiienideredwjjy; | B'evpral.^entl4men.-vj^h6se iaoat -sworthy- ioj iremB&iwereji;^'tIlwOharge'!bfjtto;.Ijight i Brigade, V hy Mr;G;^6hol^rMSo'n3 Sbf nthe |'-G'Hagan'« Ghost.V.C'A^rBBtjnftnygehtle [oien -were:adotned with .-the iBngliih^olours i -?-the -old red, white, arid blue.^V ' Among i ilhe iadies l notiaed Miss EeUy {L»kemde), . : who ivore a pretty pale blue dress , trimmed -withV.ehUron 4 vMisSjiAndressehrsiin ! ero»m ?voiley thes hodioe heiiig .trimmed , iwith deep redfo8es; ^Iiss-Niabol;hlack skirt, and blue satinhoSioe ;h- MisB;Wftlehe,wbitoj:trimmed with' red and blue xibbons ;' Mies - Clifford '(Dunihora) in creami Miss M- K«lly (Lako aide)rcream trimmed with pinkT -MissOo*- . bett, in white ;-Miss Trigger, white trimmed with pink ; Miss A. Grout. in ^iink ; Misa E; Carey, pale blue ; Mrs. Rioh, black silk ; Mis. Gauld,hlack ana pink ; Mrs. Hodges, black lustre; trimmed: with Batin and black lacB ; Mrs. Dale, Silver-grey «kirtand white Alpaca bodioe j Misa Macdonald (Sydney) -in cream j flowered silk.; and others jboo numerous to ] mention. Mr. Geo: Nichbl -provided jnusio, and Mr. E. AndreBseri made an obliging and efficient M.C. The schoolroom had ieen prettily decorated with ferns and evergreens by. the school sbildren. r-..i j It is satisfactory to learn that ti}e Mount ! Shamrock mine is again in .full swing, ior the first time, in the .past;,nine. yeare. Twenty-six hands were put to work in the mine on Monday, and the battery will st^rt : to-morrow, employing a further lot of i Hands. Mr. Phil. Higgins. is in charge.' Mr. W* . Bake well, a Sydney gentleman, i takes the mine over to work it, . Jtfr. F. Q. Simpson floeqmpaDied him to the. mine last week, and. arranged all . .matters* for tbe ' vigorous working of : .the mine, .i A good: few, miners from Gympie went to the mine last week. Thk annual School of Arts Conversazione is announced' for Friday evening next, and the preparations in progress should ensure a; very enjoyable evening. A very nioe vocal and instrumental . programme ' has been arrange*! for the occasion, and during the evening the medals and certificates in con nection with the Victoria Diamond Jubilee Scholarships will be presented to the suc cessful candidates, There, will also, be a floral display. Members of ; the, School of Arts will be admitted free; but non-members must present a bard of admission, easily procurable from the members 61 committee or tbe secretary. Not the least interesting part of -the concert to be held in the Town Hall on Tuesday . next will be the part singing, in which Mrrah'd Mts. E. 'R. Woodrow, Miss Groundwater, and Mr. R. A. Nield will participate. Mr. Consterdinc is working up a very excellent programme; and if ho sustains his former reputation as a concert giver, an 'enjoyable entertainment should result. The rehearsals for tbe operetta ' Cox and Box' arc progressing satis factorily, . Tbe Technical Classes Committee of the School of A'rts at a meeting last night dealt with the syllabus of the Victoria Diamond Jubilee Scholarships for tbe present year, and discussed at length the suggested altera tions to the conditions of tbe scholarships, restricting candidates to scholars of the School of Arts classes. It was decided to submit this and other proposed alterations to the next meeting of the general commit tee. ,Thb Railway Department intend trying the experiment of running a cheap excursion train from the Degilbo district to Pialba on Sunday, the 18th March. This will be the first excursion train from Degilbo to Pialba, and it behoves our country friends to patro nise it well, as upon its success depend future excursions to the seaside. On Sun day next a cheap excursion train will be run from, the Eilkivan district to Pialba, on which occasion th»re will be a good tide for bathing. The Railway Traffic Manager notifies that a cheap excursion will he run from Kilkivan to Pialba On Sunday, 4th Maroh, leaving Eilkivan at 6 a.m., reaching Pialba at 11-10, and returning at 5-15, reaching Eilkivan at 10.35 p.m. The fares are very low, and excursionists will be picked up at wayside stations. At the 'Police Conrt yesterday morning, before E. Morey, Esq., P.M., John Wyllie, for drunkenness and disorderly conduct, was cautioned and discharged. A wages case, Albert Johnson v. Adam Anderson Burns, was called on and adjourned, till Saturday next. Mr. Sheldon appeared for plaintiff and Mr. Harrington for defendant. A UBETiNft. of shareholders of tho Mary borough Dairy Factory Company will be held this afternoon, when some important business will be transacted, Mr. Plummer, formerly a draper at Hastings and elsewhere, lost his life in the Stella, and an action was brought on be half of five orphan daughters, whose ages ranged from 17 to .33, and who were en tirely dependent on their father. The jury awarded them £4000. An inquest was held in ? Shoreditch on a woman aged 69r« shirtmaker, who died of starvation. She was thought to have earned about 6s. a week, which the coroner said was ' just enough to starve on.' The -jury returned a verdict of 'death by natural causes.' Advice to Motbebs. — Do not delay visit ing Gbohge Stopaht's for Juvenile Clothing during the great Combination Sale, which closes shortly. Boys' Tweed Enicker Suits at 2s. lid. and 82. lid. ; marvellous value ; equal to thirty shillings for a sovereign. Finney, Islks & 'Co. announce their CloBing-Out Sale closes down on Saturday first, after which tbe serious New Season's trading will begin. As usual, with no make believes or delusive baits, but by offering Sound, Fresh, and Reliable [Goods. at prices muoh below anything in the trade, this Firm's end of Summer Season's Sale has reduced their Stock to minimum, and they are thus ready to receive the New Season's Goods now landing. More will be said shortly concerning these shipments. ' W1ND8OB Magazine' Christmas Num ber — {fee number of the year at Thomas Milleb & Co's. i Veby special lineB at tho Drapkby Palace Sale, Summer Coats being cleared to day at is. lid., 2s. fid., 2s. lid., 8s. lid.; .also Boys' Tweed Trousers, 2s. lid., 3s. 61., 3a lid. Letts' Diaries and Calendars fat 1900, at Thomas Miller & Go's \- . '.Some excitement was occasioned at Liver pool hy the unshipment of three huge idols, which has been consigned from India. The figures were of brass, . the largest ' weighing nearly a ton. CAIBtJETS COCOA . 'A stimulating *nd^ : sustaining, cop— made instantly ' : ? . . . 