HAUNTED HOUSES. Strange Stories of London " Ghosts." The extraordinary interest that has been excited in the supposed appearance ot' a ghost at a window in Edit a Villa:-', Wo.- L ivcnsiugton, recalls similar though not quite BO sen=2t:o:ial stories of "luwiiiieJ ' houses in the metropolis. Some of these ghostly traditions have been spoiled by subsequent discoveries or explanations, others remain iu the anuals oi ^he unsolved problems ol believers iu the supernatural. Whether 'spectres re-presenting the departed or forecasting tragedies to come are or arc not within the rar];re oi" possibility is a matter of opinion. In the.-c days ol euligiitenmtnt it is deemed by many us sceptical to t-iy that no man ever .-'aw a ghost as to dcel.-.rc that a particular ghos-t lias been seen in a particular place at a particular time. Scotland is admittedly the privileged locale of the "haunted house/' but London has its legends and its staunch believers in the --o- Lo- sjieak structural itipernitural, its broker, windowed deserted villas detaelied and semi-detached, and incfe pretentious residences said to be or have been unoccupied for years or generations oil account ot apparitions which, however, lacking direct cvi-' den-ce of their existence, past or pretest, have sufiiccd to scare even the most economically disposed house hunters. Whether such things are ta recall traditions which in some cases hold their own, aud in'other. 1 have been dispelled by the disillusionment of matter-of-fact solutions. The subject can be treated without prejudice. A WEST LOXDOX GHOST OF 1S04. That infinitely elastic area which the speculative buiider for - respectability's suko calls "West Kensington.'' ineluitme; Ldith Villas, now the resort of thousands of ghosthunters. has yet another ghost story. In 1S04 the inhabitants cf Hammersmith were perturbed by stories of a tall, turn figure in white, which frequented a certain spot near the old Churchyard. Wayfarers on foot, by carriage or wagon, avoided the spot for many weeks, making inconvenient detours rather than facc the spwtre. It had been seen not by one but by several. One day a young man, bolder than his fellows, armed himself with a shotgun and waited all night for what, he was oonvinccd was merely a practical joker. At 4 a.m he heard footsteps approaching, then lie saw a white figure advancing, then he raised his gun and fired—and lolled an honest labourer clad in a white jacket on his way to work. The gunner was tried for murder and acquitted, and so far as . can be ascertained never solved the mystery. KENSINGTON HAUNTED HOUSES. Coming further west we can find traditions in Holland House, which was buiit in the seventeenth century. Here in one particular room more than one inhabitant of the building of more than one generation is siid to have confronted tile ghost of the first Lord Holland proudly perambuiating Jtlie chamber bearing his own head—not on a charger, but in his own right hand. And no solution of the mystery has ever been attempted—any more than that of another connected witn the same habitation. Lady Diana Rich is believed to have one evening, when she was taking the air in the garden of Holland House, seen a completely attired apparition of herself "as in a looking-glass," just a month before she died of smallpox. This particular district of London is peculiarly prolific of ghostly tradition. In 18S8 liensingtonians through local gossip, and Londoners in general through the newspapers, were thrilled by a hauuted-house story. Not a quarter of a mile from Holland" House, and a few yards from the high road, an elderly lady lived in a small house with a middle-aged daughter and a young servant. Regularly every Friday night they were annoyed by a rat-tat-tat on their street door when no one was to be seen outside. The two ladies became so alarmed, and in consequence so upset in health, that some male relatives set to work to solve the mystery. On a certain Friday night thev posted a policeman outside the house and themselves in the entrance hall. Tlie rattat came as usual; they rushed to the door, and found no one near but the policeman, who had heard and seen nothing. Other traps were bid, but all in vain. But one day the servant confessed that she had been the perpetrator of a practical joke, and had on each occasion escaped down the steps into the kitchen door. BUS DRIVERS' LEGENDS. Crossing Kensington Gardens to the Bayswater-road, some readers of the "Chronicle" may recall a great square house which stood in' a garden, unoccupied for many j'ears," just opposite*the entrance to Kensington Palace Gardens, on the site now Occupied ' by some high-rented modern "mansions." Jts neglected appearance—the large garden run wild, the discoloured brass door plate, on which only the initiated could decipher the words "Dr. Davidson," and the dirty windows—suggested some mysterious story, and many stories of ghosts were told by the drivers of passing busses. As a matter of fact, on toe deatn of Dr. Davidson, a well- known West-End : medical practitioner of the fifties, the property became involved in Chancery pro- J ceedings, and in those days the Chancery system was not so paternal in the interests of a rising generation as it is now. Driving towards the Marble Arch on a bus three of four years ago one might have heard the driver "tell weird tales about a strangelooking glass structure on the roof of one of the houses of Hyde Park Gardens, the backs of which face the Park. For many years there was a tradition that this structure contained the coffin of a deceased person whose widow (sometimes widower) desired that it should be as near heaven as possible. The narrators innocently left the Burial Laws out of the question. Enquiries in the neighbourhood-have elicited the information that the little glass house was merely an upward extension of an attic, and was erected in order to afford a good view of the Crystal Palace and the Surrey Hills, weather permitting. Hard by Hyde Park Gardens, the tenant of a house in Gloucester-terrace, of Oriental nationality, murdered his wife about half a century ago. The murder was committed in a "fairy grotto" which he had erected on some expansive "leads" at the back of the house. For some time the house could not be let, in consequence, it was said, of the lady's ghost haunting every room. A doctor in "the neighbourhood bought the lease and demolished the grotto. House agents _ invited their clients A) thought that Xo. was the scene of the murder to satisfy themselves by looking for the grotto that they were mistaken. The house was let at market value, and the "ghost" has never been heard of since. A HAUNTED MANSION. The hannted house in Belgrave-square is almost forgotten, although not very long since many a cab driver was told to take circuitous route in order that a country cousin might be shown the mysterious man sion. There are various versions as to the origin of the 1 taunting. Some inrist that it is the house in which the son of Sir .John BarnarJ, Alderman and 31.P. for London, and a conspicuous figure of Lord Chatham's and Sir Horace Walpole's time, expired four days after he dreamt that he should die in the course of a week. So certain was he that dtath was imminent that he—his penurious habits were proverbial—refused to give his housekeeper the iimal payment in advance for his week's morning chocolate. However this m'ay be, the property, whic-h in ordinary circumstances was wortti about £1,000 a year, was for a long time tenantless. Then, says local history, a vouug couple, anxious to keep up appearances on a very small income, regardless of superstition, took the houss at a nominal rent, the short tenancy expiring with the sudden death of the husband in his drawing-room. A religious sisterheod taking advantage of the situation. secured the premises, also at a nominal rent. Thtre is no trace of these good a ladies having seen or heard anything in the way of a ghost, and when their tenancy expired in the ordinary course the house, purged of its gruesome associations, was taken by a gentleman in whose hands :t recovered its original good name, and probably trebled its value. The above are the particulars, so far as they can now be ascertained, of -a few of the wdll- known London ghost stories. There are, doubtless, many others of equally if not more thrilling interest..—"Daily Chronicle." 