THE MYSTERY OF ILFORD GRANGE ' Mat, Xbasm Bbbmvbd.1 ] Hfori Grange lies in aa untrodden valley j in the heart, of England, a lovely retreat. ( where the call of the 1»lrd has not been silenced by the shriek of the steam whUUe, mail wkere th*,»ky U sot clouded, nor the air fouled with smoke. A mile ft** the old Grange stands alone, ale-loose, whe»s4g»boa**Th«Bobin Hood, speaks of the«6dtoreBt«*9«. Behind theMjtl Inn a pathway led through . awoodwtiiaTaneyof UtordG*ange;theold tenement was * motley group of buildings, grey and redj onee a pious lodging, it was still backed by the mined town and south waif of the PrloryCbuToh. * Wist of it, a tiny stream hobbled down the , ; valley,, which, banked up to the i north of the '??v' \ shuw*. formed, a lake, the unruffled surface . of which reflects the bushes that have grown i round the lank, the ivyHiovered tower and -' ! -tteoloudsSiW; float laxily *ver the enchanted t- !i ^aUey1 nuking up a perfect picture of rural :?-??.'-? beauty. -^ :?'/ - . '.. ??': ? . . : ; ThoGrange, boUtofi^ stone, is patched ? ? z here andt^eiw withbrick,being all overgrown :''-?, with tangled creepers,and *urmonnted by Jail % ? ' red brick chimneys, abojo which again tower ? '?':''' the rmns^rthe ola Piiory Church. It was f; ; iowarte |b$ clOBeofja *$Ujt aadgMonf ' % September^ thatX^sj^ Jeter ?**? , Ainlle walkl^» front of nfttfa4»range. .-. , It wae/with atrange mingled feeliw that ''f I Blood fiw manymtaiitaBgaiingattheoW ^ pile, grim'-and' jrloomy wjminiiwwiioeg being '- recallea^^y nans at ita right *, Here, alter my pool fatfcer'a death, when a boy of seven, had I Men brought frott '-. I^udont^wyimde'B solicitor. Though at enmity with both my parents, upon his '?*:: younger brother's decease' t had been sent for. liiiyheEe,aii that a mother's tender love and can X£MiHpfr Joio«ii, she having left the fworiapffe^^reetoohly after my ?.birth, r.!'. ?.*'-' As I Mood now in tile gloaming, the shadows deepening around the old Orange, IreoaUedtomindthedark, bleak, winter's day, whenivwealy of my morose «nd miserly . relatjon'i'tyranny, I ran away, a lad of six teen, gtairad and baffetad about for yeiTB at IlfordlQrange. myrougk-life on board. a West India merchant ship was far prefer able ; and now.fairiy well-to-do, and eight and twenty years of age, it was with wild and conffiotingimotionB that I stood with folded arms at thi entrance gates of my uncle's residence, the old miser, who for yean had forgotten my existence, bat who now upon his death bed had expressed a wish to behold once more his nephew Miles. Something I remembered of a pretty little girl, a niece, the daughter of the only sister of Mark Ban - way. She, poor child, some seven or eight years my Junior, had been the only being I regretted leaving behind at the old Grange that bitter winter's day when, prood and defiant, I ran away to seek a hone upon the vasty deep. There was no sign of life about the old place,and as I sauntered up the moss covered and weeded pathway I beheld, as of gore, the same air of desolation, neglect, and flecay. *? A miser newer changes his disposition any more than the leopard his spots,' I muttered, as, gaining the old porch, I gave a tag at the bell, the clangour of which woke up many a dismal echo about the place, startling the very rooks tint were circling overhead preparatory to seeking their nesta, for the night was close at hand. For seme five minutes I waited patiently a reply to my BiimmooB, and .then, as I was about again to put my hand on the bell, the massive oaken door -was slowly opened, creaking and groaning on its hinges as if reluctant to admit of ingress to the stranger. . An old crone, with yellow, wriDkled face and toothless gums, standing on the thres hold, winking and blinking like an old owl, in querulous accents demanded my business. ' I left Louden early this morning to pay a visit to my uncle, Mark Hanway.' ' Did you 1 then you might have saved yourself along journey; you can't see him,' said the old woman, snappishly, who, though she had lost her teeth, I found retained her \- sense of hearing. ' Can't Bee him 7 What do you mean, woman ? Why, he sent for me, and as I just now informed you, I have travelled a long distance at his request.' ' That may be,but the old man hai started on a longer journey than you have ever made.' ' I think I understand you. You mean to infer that he is dead.' 'Yes; and as we have no accommodation for travellers, I can't let you in. I'm a lone woman, and can't a-bear Btrangen. You'll get a bed, I daresay, at the Robin Hood, t'other side of the wood.' ?' Thank you, but I do not care to cruise for that anchorage to-night. I'm here now and intend to remain. I do not know who or what you are, but I have come down here at the express desire of Uncle Hanway, and I'm not going to *out ship for any lone woman who dous not like strangers.' Rather short- tempered and angry at the impudence of the crone, I here very coolly drove past her into the hall. Bather taken aback, as clapping her hands, screeching and yelling like a tiger-cat, she sang out, ' Beuben, Beuben! Dido, Dido!' The pair so loudly called upon starting forth from _ a.~lf ,«._«« Jkn* nVoa ikw MBA 'Anil tll*AVl nCT fcft be a burly, sandy-Wired, red faced man, and a fierce, savage-looking dog; the latter with ad angry snarl, and revaaling a set of huge fangs, hunching hffe.baclc and showing a dis position to fly at me without any further to do or provocation. « What's all thia about t Who are you t Get out' of it, or 1*11 let Dido have at Ihee J ' , ' You'd better hold Dido, as you call him, back, or I'll put a knife in his ribs. I've done a tidy bit of pig-Bticking in India, and I'm not going to be cowed here by a vicious dog or bullied by a clodhopper 1 You ask who I am, I am the nephew of the owner of this house, and I don't care who you are or that crone: either; but-if you don't take care and ore not civil, I'll kick you both out of the Grange.' 'Oh, oh! Do'ee hear that mother?' .' Let go the dog at 'im, Beuben. Did thee hear he called I a crone?' cried the hag, fairly dancing with race. To my unmitigated astonishment, the scoundrel of a man, now loosing the savage beast he had been holding, with a loud deep mouthed bay it sprang upon me, causing me j by its weight to stagger back against the walL \ ' | Having snatched, a broad sharp-bladed knife 'from my pocket a moment before, and \- getting a good grip of the brute by the neck, I buried the weapon up to the haft in its throat, and then exerting all my strength I hurled the- dying beast at the old woman— the dog and its mistress rolling together upon the floor. . Starting now upon the amazed and conf oundedReuben,I gave the fellow one crashing blow full between the eyes, and en \- other under the left ear that sent him stun ned and bleeding upon the bodies of the nlirieking hag and the dead Dido. , Master of the field, I now, drawing a deep breath, took a glance around, staring wildly -m a little boy, -wan teeed, ragged and dirty, gliding from a distant corner, with one hand aponUs Hpsandtbe oifter npn{ged,beafconed me to follow him, as he began to ascend a flight of glairs at the enfl tjf the hall. Paying no heed to the oaths and threats of dire vengeance ottered by the bullying toot belcw, I at once nontod -after tbe poor little creature, who, gU-ujo* swiftly Wore ue, kept turning' round *» see If I went following on. Op a aeoottdfeghtof stain, passing along a oorrid'oeV&acX; .remembered well In the dayeot«ld,my Uttle pilot then began ascend Ing a third «teep flight that I knew led to* suite of rooms seldom or ever used in my childhood'* days, and that bore the reputa tion of being haunted. Pasoing through two apartments that opened One into the other, the little fellow cams .to a pause, and [placing his trembling little hand upon the door of a third chamber, he exclaimed, in a hesitating and trembling voiee, ' Laura's here 1' . '. Laura's there, is she?' I replied, smiling at the troubled expression that rested upon th e poor boy's features; for though locked, I was well assured thai, I could soon burst the door open if .necessary; and calling to mind that Laota was the name of my pretty playmate and cousin in the long ago, I determined, WltdtUlU* *UJ BUntjMB, Ml UH1JO W «nifl|IUlCe 2HT to: the room. Forthwith, and withont any further to-d», I gave a hound with my. aljoulder against the obetaole before me; that, as Impeded, tore the look away, and landed me sprawling -upon the fktor of the chamber beyond. ' ' tftatttng to my feet, I was now astounded at . beholding a young and lovely girl, a beautiful blonde, lying upon a couch, bound j hand and foot, whilst piled up to the ceiling, as if ready for removal, I-pbserved a chest of j drawers, tables, chairs, card- tables, and wash stands, all packed one -upon the other, cans- ] fng the : chamber to resemble the sale room of an auctioneer. ' i My first proceeding was, of course, to re- 1 lease from her bonds the weeping girl, who, I in wild alarm, seising me by the arm, ex claimed; | ' What have you done with that infamous woman and her son}' j ' Shown them both that I mean to be master here!' ' But the dog— they will set the horrible brute upon you I' ' They did that same thing, my dear girl, and I serrad Dido ss I used to do the wild boars; bat tdl me, Laura, what is the mean ing of that strange array of furniture ?' j ' I will tell you all— everything. But say, ' are you not my cousin Miles, that poor ancle was expecting 7' ' 'I am he; yes, Laura. And though so many years have passed since we wandered hand in hand about the valley and through the woods, I recognised you, dear, the moment I entered the apartment. And now tell me what villainy has been going on here V ' ' Almost morder, Mi'es,' cried my pretty relation, as she dung tremblingly and confi dingly to my arm. ' Poor nnde Hanway died yesterday, and because old John Greys- ' brooke and his daughter wouldn't consent to some vile proposition of tbeire, the moDBter, Beuben Monks, and his vue old mother barricaded them up in the ghost room, and God knows what crime would have been carried out if you had not arrived; for my self I would have died before agreeing to the wishes of that dreadful pair. ' And what wen those wishes, Laura ?' ' That I should consent to become the wife of the horrid son.' I ' A very modest desire, certainly; but I'll haze (punish) them before many hours are over. And now to release the prisouers. Thank God I arrived in time, Laura, for I believe that vile old hag and the fellow ' Reuben wouldn't have hesitated at murder, or their looks belie them. ' Setting strenuously to work I proceeded' to drag away the numerous articles of furni tui-e that had been heaped together, and slightly aided by my cousin speedily dis closed the half -glass door that opened into the ghost room, as it was called. Hera, by the pale rays of the moon that stole through a small casement at. the far end of this ante-room, I beheld the wan and startled faces of the old man and his daugh ter, who had so daringly been imprisoned by the vile housekeeper, Mrs. Monks, and her BOO. With some difficulty getting away from my cousin, who was in fear and alarm for my safety, I now, leaving her with the Greys brookes, at once descended to the lower part a( tVtA tsnnna I was rather surprised that I had received no further Bigus of revolt from the enemy, especially as I had heard from Laura of their audacious desires and criminal proceedings. Followed by the little boy, a waif of the adjacent village, I made a thorough inspec tion of the premises, and at last was pretty well convinced that the mother and her hope- ' ful son had vacated the premises. I Beturning to my anxious cousin, all the night through (along with the poor old labourer and his daughter) we sat up in that house of the dead, none of us under the cir cumstances caring to seek repose. The next day, upon calling in the county connstabulary, we discovered thatBeuben Monks and hU mother had decamped, but had carried off a considerable sum in gold, part of the hoards of my unfortunate uncle, who had died with no relative by his death bed ; even his niece having been prevented j from attending upon him by the vicious beings in whom for years he had placed such trust. The precious pair of conspirators by means of the hue and cry and a smart de tective from London, were Boon captured, and received a well-merited sentence of ' Five Tears* Penal.' As next-of-kin, I duly inherited all Mark Hanway's wealth, and, wedding the lovely Laura and Bottling down at the old Grange, I tempted no more the dangers of the deep, deep sea. 