AT E Of THE NORTH OO0UNTREE. By Austin Strange. I I ' almana csaid that it was June. Bi: the weather seemed to be indulging in :ieminiscences of February and March, with a dash of November thrown in. The rough wind howled and beat upon the tugged fellsides. It tushe i sweeping up the valley, -making the smoke from tht village chimnuys perform wild witch dances in tho air. All day long heavy showers "harld een falling until all the little waterflls thiit leapt down into the valley were turned into foaming cataracts. Every trickling streamlet hdd become a ininiature torrent. Ghyllside, the old grey house on the hill, was used to the wild westerly gales. Its solid stone walls braved them with in difference. But the long sprays of ivy tapped im patiently on the window panes. The drenched white roses on the porch raised tearful faces to the blustering winds. -, But inside, in the low, old-fashioned draw -,g -room, a wood fire was crackling merrily. The two young people who sat on the long lettee beside it had little thought for the weather. Its wildness seemed to accentuate the cosiness and comfort within. For ' It was a lover and his lass,' and they were fully occupied in talking in the dear foolish way that lovers have talked, and always will talk, let cynics sneer as they wil!. -.It was no'wonder that the old servant beamed upon them when she brought in the ,ma. tray, piled with all the good things she could think of. She was no oynic. They were, indeed, as she often said', a bonny pair. The tall, broad- shouldered young, fellow with the frank, kind eyes was :Jack Merriq val. He was the owner of Hawton Hall across the valley. His promised :bride : was pretty Monica Bailey. She lived with her widowed mother in the. bld ivy- covered house that had ,ien. her grandfather's. -Mrs Hailey had gone.for is few days' visit to Carlisle. The lovers were thus able to-enjoy an un dlisturbed tete-a-tete. And if there be any lover so unselfish as ' tot to prefer the absence of even his most respected friends whn his beloved is near, I don't want to know hiim. He is no true servant of the god of love I But presently Monica, who had been look ing- out of the window with somewhat anxious eyes, said in heartfelt tones ' I wish mother were at home.' ' Do you, darling 1' said Jack in some sur prise. ' I'm afraid I am only too glad to have you allnto myself. But perhaps I am boring you I' ' Silly boy. no. Don't you know I love you l But if mother were here she would mlake you stay the night. I don't like to think of your riding home through this storm. SDon't worry about that. little one,' he answered cheerily. ' Nellie (his mare) and I have weathered the gale on many a worse night than this. We shall turn up again to morrow safe and sound.' Monica's sweet, anxious face brightened up. 'I hope you will, Jack. Mother says you are to spend the whole of Sunday with me. Isn't she good 7 And Mary is to chaperone from the kitchen,' ' Dear old Mary !' laughed Jack. ' Would that all chaperone: .were equally dis creet.' ' Will your meet me as I come from church I ' Of course I will, sweetheart, and we will have a long, blisaful summer's day to gether.' Monica laughed from sheer happiness. ' Oh, it will be jolly. It will be just like being married. I shall make you sit at the head of the table, and you can grumble at the dinner.' And she blushed so delightfully that her lover was constrained to kiss her on the spot. ' You dear,' he exclaimed ecstatically, ' it simply takes my breath away to think that in two months' time you will be mine alto gethir. Do you really think that you can give yourself to a great, hulking fellow like me 4 ' I think I can,' she said demurely, ' but I shall be able to tell better to-morrow, when ,we have had a day's experience in matri mony ; we must do the thing correctly, you know. You must complain -horribly of my extravagance, and I shall have to clamor for more housekeeping money.' 'Is that what they do g Poor things !' exclaimed Jack pityingly. "' It's a consola tion to think that we are ourselves and not the rest of the stupid world. Monica disengaged herself from his arms. She looked at him with laughter in her. eyes. 'Jack, you are becoming as illogical as you are vain. It is time that you went home.' 'Half an hour more, dearest, he. pleaded. ' Not another minute, sir. The night is getting wilder, and you must get home while the daylight lasts.' rn vain he coaxed. She was inexorable, At last, after a last embrace, he turned to Bot" when she opened the ball door, and the wind thundered in, sending all the doors banging, and the rain came driving in her face, she drew back in dismay. 'Oh, Jack, you can't go in this weather. I am sure mother would wish you to stay if she knew" You know Mary always has a bedroom ready for you.' ' I shall be all right, darling. Never fear. Your mother is awfully good to me, and she has left me on parole. I mustn't do any thing she wouldnr't lihke.' '"Do you think she wouldn't rather have you stay, than go and catch your death of cold,' returned Monica in an indignant voice. But the young man knew the ways of the world better than his innocent little sweet heart. Ra was determined that no breath of gossi? should touch her name.-through care lessness on his part. 'Don't tempt me, darling. You know' how hard it is for me to tear myself away. Nellie and I will be safe at home in an hour or so. Monica shook her head ruefully, but '-felt that he was right. Promise me at least.' she said, ' that- you: will go round by the bridge. Don't try the ford to-night ; the river must be running; fast and high. * Very well, little sweetheart, IT' promiise. Now, good-bye, I must go and findd" my horse ' He always attended to his horse him self. Though there were disused stables at Ghyllside, they had no menservants working there: In a few moments Monica heard the clatter of Nellie's hoofs, She ran down the stone steps with-, a wifely caution 'Be sure you change all your. clothes as soon as you get in.' i "All right, dear little woman. Go in. out of the rain and take care- of- your' pretty self.' . But when he looked round- again she was still standing there, a slim, white figure against the dark stone and ivy, her fair hair .blowing about her temples, and such a look of:loving pride on her sweet face that he was obliged to turn back and stoop down for an other last kiss, much to his mare's die. gust; : And then at last he rode away into the twilight. SHis heart was beating high with chival rons love for his fair young bride. Little, alas, did they dream that already .the cruel strength of the swollen river was ,wrenching and tearing at the supports of the bridge he was so soon to cross. Tlie morrow dawned clear,, bright and -calm.. Sunday,s sun streamed down from a clear blue -wind-swept sky. .-.All nature had that look of clean freshness ?that-follows a storm. :Very winsome looked Jack Merrival's sweetheart as she tripped down the hill on hear *ayl to church. -All the forebodings that had kept her awake listening .to the moaning of the ·wind, were dispersed by the morning's brightness. The very bells, as they rang out the quiet Sahbbath air seemed to tell her that soon, very :soon, ii.an hour or two, her true lover would be. by. her side.. Down the hill she came with a glad light in hereyes, her dainty muslin frock sihiting to perfection the bloom and freahness of her yorth. As a she turned into the long straggling village street, her eyes fell upon old Betty Gudgeon, the despair of the parion, and the !disgrace of a thrifty, self-respecting--Cumber land village. There she sat at her cottage door, dishev elled and unkempt, sucking away at her "short clay pipe, a blot on the brightness of the morning. Monica was passing her with a word of kindiily greeting, when the old woman, raising :a skinny forefinger, momured:: SHist ! Dost hear ? The girl paused, and listening, heard9 low rumbling sound, as of far distant ''Tis t'river,' said the old crone, shaking her head; ' Eh, my I But there's some drooned beasts hurtlin' together i' t' watter to-day.' With a shudder Monica turned away and horried down the road. But a shadow seemed to have fallen on tbhe 7beauty of the day, and the singing of thruash and lark seemed tone eclipsed by the rumble ! of tbe river below. ",Waither. ·e thing- strange?aboat the .piople, too, or was it only her im-h aginationnI Did the children look at her with awe struck, round eyes, as they made their curtseys, and whisper together when she had passed. Why did Mrs Jones and old Farmer Mason disappear into their cottages when they saw her coming, instead of greeting her in the i usual hearty, North country way. And what was the meaning of those groups of people in the middle of the road, who looked first at her, and then down the river, and melted away in ones and twos, as she drew near. A feeling of apprehension and bewilderment came over her. At last one of thb women, a tall grey-haired farmer's wife, severe in voice and speech, but with a heart of gold, detached herself from a group of neighbours, and came resolutely towards him. ' Miss Monica,' she said, and she-e spoke with a gentleness and hesitation quite unusual wite her. ' Miss Monica. dearie, I think that ye had better be steppin' homewards.' 'Homewards, Mrs Lewthwaite 1 Why, whatever do you mean I ' It-it'll likely be raining before long,' answered the woman lamely, looking up at the clear blue sky, as if in search of a cloud, and there were unwonted tears; in her hard -grey eyes-. , Monica azeid::t ii ii a:stonishment, wondering whether her mind was wander, ing. Befote she could speak the woman glanced apprehensively down the road and uttered a stifl&d;ýscream. . ,' Oh honey,, go home. go- home i' she cried. - -. .... But: the gilrP gliance- had 4followedhersih and Wie saw a kiot of; :en moviing slowly: up the hill and they seemted' toi: i carrying something.. A sudden chill fell on iher eart, she knew not why. ' What is it, MrN Lwthwaite Oh,; what is it SIt will be s0meitirig as: they found it' I river. There's-there's strange thingi' it t' river the morn. Oh, dearie, let -meýtake 'ee home. But Monica stood as if rooted to' the ground. Her face grewrwhite as .her dress, and the glad light in her eyes faded and gave place to a look of bewildered terror. And yet she did not know what she feared-she only knew that she seemed to be in the clutch of some paralysing dread that laid icy fingers upon her heart. SI must go- and see,' she said at last, and abe spoke in a. quiet, almost breathless voice. SNo, no, not for the love of the Lord,' broke in the woman vehemently. But Monies was moving swiftly down.the road, and she could only follow, wringingher hands in despair. The men, stepping slowly and heavity up the hill, saw the slight ghost-like figure hastening towards them, and their con sternation could not. have been greater-if it had been a ghost indeed. They paused and looked at one another. . ' My God,' murmured one of them; 'tis Miss Monica herself. What mun:i wedo; now I'' ..- i Hardly knowing what they did. they laiid' their burden on the ground, and stood rouni as if to hida it. Already she was upon them, and her'en treating eyes searched their faces:. as if she would beg them not to let that be which-she feared. '' .: 'When she spoke it was not in the clear, bell-like tones which they knew, blit in'i strained unnatural voice. * What is it ' she. said. ' Wiafthave you there i Mason, Cartwright, can't' you answer me 1 Farmer Wilson, surely you' will speak to me V' The big, red-bearded farmer shifted un easily from one foot to the other. - * 'Tis-'tis slummat us have found down by: t' river.' :-'- . '* Is it-i it- a - man I' aridd the: ques tioning voice died offl: alinost :into;? ? whisper. - - 'Aye, missie.' There was almst ai sob? in the mnsin's rough voice.: 'A&ye.;, missie' 'tis a moni.:-.' - - There- was• Bilenee for a mo::':mient - a& moment- whi~h,:; .to the men whof, stoodj there like whipped children, feit like ari .eterdity. . ." : . They would not, they tell: their wives,' pass; through such a moment again, for a thousand -pounds.. -: At last she spoke again in- a far. off voice. " " : "; ' -" " ;. I I must see him.' j 'Nay, nay, missie,' cried 'thie: -frmeri and he put. out his hand' as iffto ward her cff. . " ' Here Mrs Lewthwaite, who had been. standing by in dumb distress, interfered. ' It's gone- too far, Farmer, What mun be, mun. If you are a man take these fellows away till 'tis over, and I get her home.' So the men slunk away, leaving on the ground that whijht they had carried. \- And the two womin stood. and loked; Sdoiwn at it as ia lay there at their feet. \- So stilli sa still it lay. shrouded in the coarse white sheet. " Monica fell on her knees beside it. 'Oh, God I oh, God!' she cried, and her voice rose to a wail, 'help me to bear it.' And then she turned back the sheet, and saw the face and form she loved. There he lay in the pride of his young manhood-so white, so cold. V:; His. face that used to be so boyish strangely ennobled by the majesty of death; the arms that used to enfold her crossed for ever on the breast; only the small black mark on his right temple showing where some rock or tree had struck iim.and caused his death as the swirling torrent had. swept him along. With a. shuddering sob that seemed to tear her heart,. :she bowed her lips to his, murmuring- ' 'Oh, my love ; my love ; my love !'.:* And that was all. To the village woman's surprise; she; did not shriek or make a scene. , That splendid quality which runs in English blood, which the French sneer. at as 1coldness, but which we may call dignity or fsltf.restrainti came. to.. her help, ahnd -sh. reverently covered the dear face agaiinand: rose to her feet. - - In a quiet mechanical voice, she said 'I will go home now, Lewthwaite. And: please ask them to bring-to bring;.him up to. Ghyllside.' And then over-strained nature- gave way; and she sank down in a swoon. Willing arms carried: her home,' gld to find something they. coulddo.: A fainting girl seemed to them' a .fas?i.s: uncanny thing to deal with than :thlieghost=: like figure with- horror: iin her eyes :'and: strained voice, asking questions that they, dared not answer. And so the two, the-loved and the. lover, entered the quiet.- old house side. by side,, alike unconscious--the one to .seleep :thej sleep that has no - waking; the other to-wake to a life of pain and'loss: Long she lay unconscious,' hovering, be-I tween life and death, watched with tenderestt care by her mother and-the old servant.. And when at last she .was able to go- about' again, their loving hearts were wrung to find that nothing would give back the. glad light to those blue eyes. Nothing would take away the look: of haunting terror fixed there for ever, by that one dread -sighlt. In vain they took her. away-. to ,try. to change- her thoughts;. -: London, Paris, the Ririiera=alla eike were' vain.. She tried to be grateful, but it was evident that she always'pined:for h.onie. The question was for eie'r arising, to: her lips - .. ' Mother dearest;: shall - we soon go home- ::: . SBiut eri mother dreaded` the .home going: She knew- how the child's steps turned ever to the river. \- Sh'e wvould spend:long, hours thlre, gazing with fasci?nated eyes at the rolling water, as' thougli she expected to see - her lbst: lover's~ form risihg from its depths. She never went to the quiiet- churchyard, 5where ?while lhe lay. unconscous .on her bed, 'they had laid his body.. She seemed to have-forgotten- the-- terrible meeting in the road .. It was always to. the river, the river, that her thoughts turned. SThere'- was her beloved;, and there she fain wo:ld+ be. " - - June came.round again- with its, sunshine, its roses, and its summer. showers:. - They were again in their beautiful river side home:: - But. the motber's heart?'. sank, when:: she1 rememibered that.the day:was,: at. hand that: was=theinniversary: of Jack Merrival's death:.. A:. whole-year had gone by ?~diid slie rcould see no difference in her-childt . . The ida-dawned. wild and: stormy a its predecessor: , - Mis, lailey rose with : a foreboding heart, --- - - As she dressed, she made-her plans for the :She had ?iugt and kept fore thi~s sadday a nrew boo, said:. to -be : of absorbing:; ii: terest " iftlhat failed, to: lold her child's attention sie would ielrself feign~headache: and: tiry-d in ihato way to keen her by her sid&.- - And if she found:thutE till the poor-bireak ing heart must brood upon:- its- sorrows-- she wouldilead her to the pretty, peaceful church jard ,Wh-iere the :tired body lieth,. : i?? iithits feet toward the :east, - i~afd tr and persuaade her to take an interest in the green, fllwer-deeked+ grave,' iistead of :-tariing ever to the- melanicholy river. But while she was thinkiiig thera came a knbck at the door.- -:: \- Faith fil?l ol Mary. burst inb i Oh, ma'am;, Miss Monica is.: out some where, and:I can't find her Inf the. garden H'r bedjwas nev:ersleipt in last night. Eh, dear-, dear," dar, .what's-- to- do, what's to Mri Hailys fCiace blanchied. SShe has gone to sit by. the river,. Mary,' s~ie said withi trierihling voice. - 'We must go and fetchli: heri liome It was÷ a year ago to i.But it waiotoo late when:the anxious, grey haired woman reached the riverside. - SItwas early in tihe gray' day when Monicas sit'ing at her.- window, as sihe- had sat all ?ig.. had heard her lover's voice -calling thrnigh the roar of the wind. And the voice seemed to come from the river. ..? I-I am:coming, my lbve my own. Oh,. I -am coming' , ;: +-ndthirough the darkniess- rid the rain she had hurried, her long, fair. ' hair all ravelled in the wiind,' her tender feet cut and sailaahed by. stones and pools, hastening- on and: inur Smuring, '- my love,. my lovei I1 am coming to_ And so she had found rest at.last,. sinking Sinto- the rushing waters as into the- arms of? her beloved. SThey found her half a mile 'lower? down;. Slying on the grassy bank, a , slender,- white,. wave-tossed thiing-. ; :.. "- -' -r But thle strained, unnaturalilook:: hsid~gne from her face, and wore an expression: ofin- effable peace. - m s s u a mmass 