THE STORYTELLER ? * pHJNAMAN. • racfied Ah Ira in Shanghai. Alttoagh a mere youth, he had been in the service of an RngKdfmnn for eome yeais. Ho came to me with" excellent credentials; and I had no reason to repent of his com- j ing. ' He -was quick, attentive, neat, and | ever ready, and served me excellently. i " "•When I. came to London I brought Lul ^Sjifii me. Hde I found him of even : •greater service than in China. He was scrupulously honeet, and I had the greatest confidence in'him. My "business took me frequently into "the country. Sometimes ,1 was absent from town days together. I -never -felt"the least hesitation in leaving IiU alone in my flat I knew that when I returned I should find everything exactly as I had left it. It was whilst travellingonedaythat I came across a queer case in an evening 'paper. It ii was an account-of account-on a curious robbery rooDery m a south-western suburb. A respectable city man going home late at night. was •waylaid. He-described his assailant as a woman in black. The creature offeied something for sale. The man refused, and passed on. Then, to use his own words, something was thrown in his face," and .he lost consciousness. He was discovered later on bv a policeman sitting on the pavement, dized and half asleep. He was uninjured, but every valuable in his possession-had gone. . A fortnight later a Kirmla-r affair was reported to have happened in a street in the Bayswater district. In this case the man assaulted had grappled with the woman, •whom he described as of slender build and youthful apteaxance. It was very dark, however, and he could give no frutner description of her dress or appearance. The same procedure had been gone through in this case as in the other. There was the ' throwing of the powder, the unconsraousness, the discovery by a policeman, and the disappearance of money and jewellery. \- A month elapsed, and then came news Hi a third occurrence, agreeing in similar particulais, Wiiiefa was reported as having happened in the „ Bloomsbury neighbour- The papers cow began to take the matter up, ana articles headed " Who is the Mysterious Woman in Black?" appeared in several dailies. > Detectives were set to watch bv the dozen, and private individuals joined in aiding them. But nothing further happened, interest began to fade, and the scare stood a good chance of fizzing out, •when London, was stirred, from its sleep by the news that a fourth robbery had taken place in the neighbourhood of Putney. \- • In Uris case tbe man assaulted had made £ vigorous effort to defend himself, bat the tnyst&isas; powder had done its work, and he had fallen a victim exactly as the others had done. London was now really aroused, and the c6port oi yet a fifth case following closely on the fourth set- Scotland Yard by the ears, and caused a run on dealers in loaded canes and revolvers. .' T bad icfen at home' some days when I xeoeived a telegram calling me to Birmingieam,, I told ,Lu to pack a portmanteau; and telling him I Should not be back for a day or two, I hailed a cab and drove full speed to Enston. There wag a Mock caused, by a fire, and I arrived in time to see the train steam out of the station.' I decided to go by an early -train next morning. I therefore booked my trunk and returned borne. ' \- Taking a short cut home through some dark and 314ighted streets I suddenly came face to. face with, a woman in black, her face partly veiled and holding in her bands a few boxes of matches. In a moment I realized that I was face to face with the Mystery of the Moment. "Without a second's (hesitation I made up my mind how to act. I passed along quickly and then wheeled round. I saw her band move to a little bag which hung suspended to her wrist, and tihen with a quick movement she threw something. I closed my eyes and mouth, clenched my nostrils, and making a sideward movement, escaped the powder. Pretending to be overcome by it, however, I rolled on the pavement. Once down .1 feigned insensibility. I soon felt the creature is nimble fingers searching my pockets. I did not move a muscle. I scarcely breathed. It was a trying ordeal, but I got through it somehow. Having relieved me of all portable pro. perty of value . she departed, softly and silently as a ghost. I waited until she had gone some distance and then followed her. Through street after street I tracked her, always .keeping, well in the rear. . Presently, to my astonishment, we merged into the square in which the block of mansions where I- resided were situated Then, to. my horror and astonishment, the woman made for my flat, whipped out a key and entered. I waited a moment to steady myself, and then entered. Ah Lu, smiling a cheerful, welcome, came forward. "lu," t said, speaking in Chinese, "there is a woman in here." Lti's almond eyes opened and he shook his head. "It is no good lying. I saw Iter come in." Lu's eves opened still wider. ' "dotae with me," I said, "and we'P search the place together." He came willingly, smiling a smile of gentle commiseration. " I examined every nOok and cranny and found nothing, Lu all the whileAmillng as blandly as ever. It was puzzling. Then of . & sodden, something fell jingling to the ground. It was. a little sovereign pur^ winch I usually wore attached to my chaw. Ira saw it also, and-be made a grab for it. That gave the thing away. . With the rapidity of a flash of lightning J solved the mystery. That night I handed Ah Lu over to the police. With him went a trunk full of feminine earmente and . stolen valuables. Mine vpere not inclilded in the number. I am not taidng any ; more Chinese servants,- even when accompanied by the highest credentials.—"Pelican." 