Evidence From a Family. Mother and Son Speak Mrs. S. Gardineh, of 70 Green-street, Rich mond, Victoria, writes : — ' For many years I have suffered from biliousness, sick hoadache *nd morning nausea, and for which complaints I have tried many patent remedies, and had doc tors' advice, but all to no purpose, as nothing I took appeared to do mo any permanent good. About nine months ago I saw Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills advertised, and doubtfully gave them a trial. After tho first few doses the nausea flod, and the headaches disappeared ; after tak ing one bottle and a half I felt quite well again. I may also Btate that my non, aged 18, who has suffered since childhood from urinary troubles, has been taking the pills, and he has derived more benefit from their use than from any other remedy he has tried. He was operated upon at one of our public hospitals, but left it as bad as when ho entered ; he intends to persevere with Dr. Morse'.1) Indian Root Pills, and if they do not cure him permanently nothing else will.' Dr. Morse's Indian Root Pills Btand alone as a perfect blood purifier, and posi tively cure biliousness, indigestion, dyspepsia, headaches, sallow complexion, liver and kidney troubles, piles, plmplps, and blotohes. Prioe la l^d per bottle, or six bottles 63 Gd. Sole proprietors, The W. H. Comstock Co., Ltd. (Australasian Depot), 58 Pitt-street, Sydney. They are packed in amber bottles, and full name blown thereon. The dairymen of Calliope aro not satisfied with tho decision of 4he recent mooting of the shareholders of tho Pioneer Dairy Co. not to erect a creamery in their looality, and the direc tors aro requested to convene another meotiug to reconsider the matter. At St. Louis, America, Mr. Louis Bates sued his wife, a society dame, for divorce, on tho grounds that she had repoatedly misconducted herself with tho ghost of the lato Mr. Florence, n popular actor 20 years ago, and was ongagod to marry him in tho next world. Lloyd's Weekly ? Newspaper boasts a cir culation of 1,250,000. Every copy of this pro digious total is paid for on tho Thursday pre vious to publication (it is a Sunday newspaper), while advertisement spaces aro repaid, in many cases a year in advanoe. 