(THE PAREON OF pauij penSrose, ; <qoUPLmE in rais zssus, . az IZA DUPPUS HARDY, Author of "MooGillcroy'a Millions," "A. Woman's Loyalty," " Love in Idleness," . ''lathe Springtime of Love.? &o;,, &o.; Cofybiqhz. > OTE for Pen rose!". "Pen- tosefor everl" "Penroso, the P AA 111 S ' 8 Friend I" The banners fluttered in the nipping and i eager breeze, that yet i did not chill the en thusiasm of the strag gling procession as it halted before tho popu lar candidate's liouso, and Paul Penrose himself came forward on the balcony bowing in acknowledgment. Ho was a tall, broad-shouldered man of splen did physique, his hair and heavy heard were iron-gray, but the aquiline features and keen, deep-set, melancholy eyes were thoge of a man but little past the prime of life. In the room behind him, hidden ..by the wind'ow-ourtains, leaning and peering forward, half shy, half eager, stood a young girl, whose delicate . fa oe flushed as he turned and beckoned to her. " Come, Eva, don't bo shy, come !' "Ho held out his hand. Blushing, the ' girl stepped forward on the balcony and stood beside him. Then tlio shouts of the crowd deepened to a roar of enthusiasm. 'Hurrah' for Miss Penrose 1"' "Three cheers for Misb Eva 1" cried a voice, pierc ing high above the din, and the cheers went up in deafening volleys. Penrose ' smiled. "That means a hun dred votes," he said to" himself us ho turned back into tho room, when with toss ing of caps and waving of flags the pro-, cession had marched on. - Then he looked at his' daughter's small sensitive face, all quivering with emotion and excitement, her yiolet eyes misty with tears. ""You didn't mind, did you, Eva lie Said, tenderly. " Mind? . Oh, papa, I -was proud ! Do you know what I've been doing this morn ing? Reading yonr speech at the Town Hall." "What, all of it, three columns long?" he said, smiling affectionately, but rather incredulously as he smoothed her shining hair. "Yes, all of it. Oh, papa, why didn't you take me? Won't you take me the next time?" "Why, Eva child, what do you care for politics?'.' "Well, I don't understand much about them," "she admitted frankly, " but I like to hear you speak, and I know you'd al ways take the right sido and lead the right way."' "What is the right way, little ope?" "Why, the way to do most good for the people, I should think, papa." "The people? Not for your country, child?" lie questioned smilingly, as if to test her. "Tho" people make the country," she re plied. "It isn't the patch of earth be neath Us, it's those who live on it. You taught me that, papa. Don't you remem ber your pamphlet, 'The I and the . Race? I mayn't' understand politics, hut I like to read everything you write and everything that's written about you." " Everything?" Penrose reflected with amusement oh some of the " things" writ ten about him by the Opposition. "Have you. seen whatthe 'Clarion' says?" continued Eva, catching up the paper and leading aloud : " 'Our fellow-citizens should study -Paul Penrose's speech. His words- have' weight, not only from- eloquence and experience,-., but as the utterance of one whose bountiful - hand has - succoured the" poor and suffering -of our city in time of need. It is not becauso. of his powerful intellect alono that lie has. attained .to the position he deservedly holds in the estuna-. tion of the people. of Charilton, it is be-- cause of his good works; for. which the widow and the fatherless rise up and call him blest.' There, papa. Am I, not a proud girl to see those words about you? Her Bweet voice quavered . " You aro too sensitive, child," said Pen rose, tenderly, yet regretfully, patting her flushed oheek with his strong brown hand.- "There! I must go to my study now. I have my pamphlet to finish and send off to press." ' - ! Eva took up the "Clarion" again, and dwelt on the words that were so-sweet to her filial love. "If only there were two of us to be proud of him," she said to herself with a sigh. " If only mamma had lived i It'a ungrateful of me to . repine, he's father, mother,' and all to me. But still I fancy nothing can he quite like, a mother. If I only- knew someone who had known her-— someone who could talk to me of her." Penrose never spoke of his wife, nor, with all "his tender oare of Eva, his anxiety to" gratify hex-, every wish, hod he the faintest idea how her heart and .imagina tion clung to tho dream of the mother; stye had never known, who" was not oven' a memory to her. - . . The young girl, emotional and dreamy, was prone to idealise ; indeed, the realities of life were little known to her. She sent soups and jellies to the sick, made pina fores and petticoats for poor children "and old women, bnt outside, - beyond her simple charities, her. pity for the personal suffer ings "she was so ready to relieve, she had little comprehension of the world aronnd her, she spent half her life in a day-dream; she idealised even .the- living father and her friends she knew; nnd her dearest, most sacred and secret dreams clung round the cherished ideal of the mother she had never known. Penrose had spent a great part - of his early life in Canada, where others of his family had settled; and when- lie returned to his native land, where hone of his home- staying kin survived to greet him, widower, . bringing with him his motherless child,- the little Eva was too young to remember any thing of her mother or the; land, of her birth. . Of the latter Penrose spoke sometimes, though rarely ; of the former, never. "No one knew anything of his dead wife; not even his intimate friends could tell who she had been or when or where" she' had died. It was currently supposed that Penrose had married beneath him; that it had been a love-match, and, as - sympathetic women said, "his heart was buried in her grave" — from which "many of these kind souls would willingly have resur rected it. ' Some had . not con cealed their tender compassion for little Eva's need of a mother's care, their yearn ing to cherish the' sweet child ; but by this "time it had come to.be generally accepted that Paul Penrose was " not a marrying men." "A lady to see you, sir." This an nouncement disturbed Penrose before he had been long in his study, but lie accep ted the interrux>tion placicUy; he was ac, customed to visits from ladies, who de sired to enlist his advocacy of their par ticular views in Parliament, to offer their influence, large or little, in return for his promise to forward those views. He hud already, received a succession of fair visi tors, urging his interest in the prevention of cruelty to children, ditto animals," the guardianship, of infants, Sunday closing, and local option ; he wondered what was the mission of the latest comer us he rose to receive her with his usual easy cour tesy. Penrose had always a courteous smile ready. He knew that every woman might mean a vote, of husband, son, or brother, that here and there one womtra might mean - a multitude of votes. The woman ' who now stood before him .was fail and graceful, lier black dress se verely simple, her cheek pale, her dark iair touched with gray— so much; he .noted - at the' first glance. - '- " ... 1 f'You wished to see me, madam?"' -he -began. / She 'raised her veil, and tlie srhii- 1 ing. word died on his lips.- As, if on a ; j ghost new-risen from the grave, he glared " at her, speechless. _ "Yea," she said, very quietly, but with ; a thrill in her voice. "I wished to see you, Paul." - Twico his white lips, which seemed to .. have grown suddenly, parched, moved be- ; fore ho foimd his voice, and .then the tone : was unrecognisable as his in which ha gasped, "Leoniol Leoniel Youi" - " Yes, I. You know me then?" Penrose was generally, and justly accre dited with iron nerve,-, and he pulled him-. self together now with an effort, though' his voico was hoarso and hollow still as he rejoined: —: - "I thought— I though— I heard that you were dead!" , "' ' 1 ' "When?" The word fell briefly, in-, cisively, from her lips. ' "Ten years ago.'.'> " Ah, I see. Another woman of the same nnmo died— there." , ,, . j "And you— why did yqq; never Jqt mo, know?"- ' | " "I knew nothing of the mistake— nor of you.' In all tlie years before that you had . never written to me." .' V " No. What could I say to you, Lepnie? i Ask yourself, what could I say? And. no ' letter would liave passed straight from mo' to you." V. "That is true," she assented slowly. "And you thought, I was dead?", ' "Yes— -when 'I thought ' of you.; But it has been tho effort of my life for years past not to think of you." The deliberate plainness of the speech was brutal, but the woman did not wince. The feet that had trodden over the fiercest ploughshares tire oftentimes seared past flinching.. "I know, the thought of me was pain ful," she. rejoined, so calmly that tho bit terness in her tops was barely perceptible even to him. " "But you -know that I should think— I who hod nothing to do but think! You know what I have come foe- no w?" ' .'"Yes, but you need not have xcoine." . " I need not?' with a glance of startlfed alarm, a sadden' whitening of the lips. " Paul, what do you mean?" ;:"That there was no need to come to raise tjie ghost of my past. It has never been laid. I do not thank y.ou, Lconie, for the mistaken generosity, the cruel mag nanimity, that 1ms made me the whitcd sepulchre I aril. Better have let me stand in my own1 place and pay my own penalty. I have been what they call a successful . man, but no one 'dreams of the cost at which I've bought all that makes men envy me ' to-dny." . " All these "years- 1 have thought yon dead; but living or dead you are a reproach to me. Yes, "you were silent, but your grave has cried out to me out of the dark ness. I havo tried my best to forget — to blot your name, your memory, out of ex istence, but all these years I have known that I should, never escape you, Leonie. Unless boyontl the grave there's -the merci ful darkness arid annihilation for which I have hoped, I knew that you'd be standing waiting for me at the other side of .the gates. You haven't thought I've been at peace? I tell you that you, living or dead, have had your grip on my life 'all -this time." -A man never forgives the woman he has wronged, and he spoke with nil the bitter relentless reproach of the wronger as he added, " There's mo need for you to stand before me, to brand me as the coward and traitor I know myself." » "I have not come for that." "For what then?" "You ask. me that?" with a flash of l-e-- proochful indignation. I havo come to nsk — to see— Paul, the child!" "The child!" he echoed. . . " The child !" she . repeated. " Paul, Whore is she?" Hpr eyes searched bis with an awful anxiety. " Don't tell me — that she is dead ?" " No, she is not dead, as far as I know," he added hastily, with.a dreadful mockery, of a ; smile. " But what have you : to do with her, or sho with you? -You ore dead to her!" ' y- - " I am not; dead t6 hdr," . the woman- re- , tortod., " She's, all for. which I livo-r-hayo liyud through , ah; (these . ghastly years. Where is sho? There's 'oqp thing, and one alone, for which Til never forgivo you, in heaven or on earth, -if . you have neglected her!" " I've not neglected her," he said sul lenly. "Yon think,,. and I own you've tho right to. think, there'B nothing too base for mo, hut I'm not guilty of that,, at least." " Where.' is she?"- A girl's voico -was heard singing, carol-- ling earfelessly as she ran, down the stairs. The Woman started, and a . light flashed into' her eyes. . Penrose's face .contracted, as id- -with a spasm of pain ; he mode a hoisty step towards the door, as if to inter- Lose between her and that girlish voice. ' "SRe is here I", the woman oxolriimed, leaping /to the truth at once. " Yes," ho admitted in the moment's agi tation, "but, Leonio, for Qo3'b sake have mercy on- the child !. She knows nothing ; . sho believes her mother is. dead; she is o, delicute, sensitive girl; the shock would kill her !" ' , "I must seo her,", she urged, breathing short and quick. as hcr firm voice all but' failed her. "I' tell you the shock would kill her ! Leonie, you shall' not deal, tho girl her" .death-blow !" Vehemently ds'Eo spoke,' it Was with cautiously lowered voice, his eyes fixed ' apprehensively on . the 'door. ' " She miist not know." .. . y Ldoriio drew hei-tglf . to her full height, nrid looked ut . him. steadily. She shall riot know," was her reply. . The- light step was near the door. Pen- rose set his teeth. ' .".For Qod's sake, spare (he child! .Don't betray. yourselM" - . "Trust me!" she breathed. ."Would I hurt her?" ' ' As she "uttered the last , word the door wui' opened. A young girl with a pule, fair face, fresh and sweet- as the morning, stood oil tho threshold. -' "Popa," she began; smiling, -and seeing the strange lady, hesitated', with a glance of half-shy appeal toiher father, as if asking if her interruption was uritimoly. " What" is it, Eva?" he said, " command ing himself to his' usual calm.. "I won't disturb you now, papa, if you're engaged." . . As Ldonie looked upon tho fair young face, and heard the freish girlish voice, it seemed that 'the /passion and agitation .which had shaken and stormed her bub now fell from her. as a garment. A- strange sense of unreality bore her up into that region of calm which dominates emotion, as the clear air is above the storm-clouds. She moved towards the girl with unfalter ing step. "And is. this Eva?" she said, and her yoiee did not fail her now. "Eva," dwell ing lingeringly on the name. " I am " . "This lady," Penrose interposed hastily, " this lady is- — But she continued, ignoring the interrup tion : " A friend of your mother's, dear Eva !" x "A friend of my mother's? Oh !" Eva's gentle face flamed with colour, a lovely light leapt in her eyes, .as both her little hands went out eagerly to meet the stran ger's clasp. "I am so giad! It's the first time I've ever seen . any of mamma's friends!" - Tho lady's lips wore somewhat stiff as she framed, them into a smiling response to tlie girlish greeting. She controlled her self marvellously, though her voice trembled just a little as she said, ."Will you kiss me, Eva?" Eva willingly .lifted her face, and warmly gave the kiss, but how cold were the lips that returned it i Remembering tlie duties of hospitality, in which she thought her father for once somewhat remiss (but no doubt ho was a little startled and agitated by. the unexpected '. sight of lier mother's friend, whose apipearaticc must recall dear and sacred memories), she drew the visitor to tho most comfnrtnliie choir, and took a low seat beside her, smiling up) iu her face.. ..- - . :/ ./ ' . Penrose lookcd on in an agony of appre hension. Gould -inorta! woman command herself? But Leonie 'had passed through the furnace that tempers' tho steel. More over, she was unable to' grasp the' reality of the position. It seciriea'to her a dream that' the child's eyes were looking into, hers, tho child's hand with shy girlish doirionstra- tion seeking her clasp ; a dream that the baby she had left on the other -side of a ghastly gulf of years was this fair girl in the dawn of womanhood to-day ! Yes, it- was all like a dream— yet heaven help her if she Should woke! . "Ami like mamma?" asked Eva; softly. "No, you are more like your father, I think — only so mnch fairer." "Wns mamma fair?" "Sho was rather fair when she' was your age. Eva is generally thought like you, is 'she riot?" she added, addressing Pen rose, with a challenge in her eyes to him to emulate her calmness. "Yes, she' is considered like me," ho re plied, . unsteadily. "Poor darling papa!" thought Eva,.,with a rush of tenderness melting her- heart. JIow deeply . he must havo loved her mother. He could not even now bear any allusion to her. They must not talk of her before him; yet oh! she was longing to talk about her, To ask about her i . This friend iind contemporary, of hers could no doubt give thoso reminiscences,; those little details, of the unknown mother; for which the daughter's heart had always yearned. But for the present, before her father, she must -restrain her longing. . Penrose was on the rack as ho listened to' tho innocent' chat with which Eva .strove to make the stranger feel welcome, hoi' simple questions as to where she was staying, and when did she eome, undso on. Ltonio's answers were discreet and non committal, but he dared not leave the two. alone. He presently reminded Evu, with what seemed ' to her a failing in his usual tactful hospitality, that it was time to 'go. and dress; but Eva would. not part with her new-found friend until an arrangement had been modo for them to meet- next day. "Mrs. White," as. she gavo her rianuv'wlis. fof come1 to: the 'PenroseB he thought it .safer- to have her under his own roof, his oirii eyes, 'than 'let Eva go/ to her. What pitfalls of dangcroUB disclosure lay ' in the path along which Eva would tread . recklessly in. her girlish .eagernris nnd curi osity! He - dared not trust her away from him, tete-a-tete with Ldouio; _ " Papa,: darling, are you not well?" asked Eva, the' next morning. " Quite well, child. Why?" " 1 thought you looked as if you land- riot slept u;ell." ' "True. I did not sleep." Eva looked at him anxiously. How hag gard and worn his face looked, and how gray he was getting! Could it bo only her fancy that his hair was much,' much grayer than it was yesterday? ' "Has your heart been bad?' she- asked, nestling to his side, for once or twice he had bad signis of weakness of the heart, ' and Eva knew this, though she did not know how seriously the dootor thought of it. " No, childie, no ; my lioort is all right." To Era's eagerness the hours seemed to crawl until that appointed for "Mrs. White"., to come. She thought the morning would never pass ! \- "Now we will have a nice, nice, long afternoon's talk," she said gladly, holding Mrs. White's hand and looking affection ately in her face. It. wiis a fuco that had been beautiful, and would have been fair in its autumnal loveliness still if itrouhie had not graven on it deeper lines than tiirie. But though her beauty was a thing of the' past, she still retained her grace, her chnrm of voice nnd manner ; . her rare smile was sweet-, her gray eyes lovely in their tenderness and dopth. a depth ue of some unfathomable grief. Tboy were those haunted eyes that we somo'times meet, which seem . for ever to see following be side their path u. ghost, to which our . sight is. sealed. Eva's_ whole mind was- possessed by her now friend. It wnuld lmve seemed to strangers a perfect infatuation Bhe con ceived for tho woman she had scon for tlie first time but yesterday. It was not only her longing to hear of her mother, but something iu "Mrs. White's" personality fairly' fascinated her. Penroso noted the at traction with a chill sinking of apprehen sion at his' heart. With what horror would the revelation of tho truth burst upoa.Eva, if Lionie's self-command should fail her but for a moment ! The opportunities of tete-a-tete between woman and girl were brief. Penrose, rost- lossly uneasy, would never leave them long alone. On those rare occasions when Eva eoulil lead to the subject of her mother, eager to hear 'all that Mrs. White could tell, she did not take note that the " all", was vague and unimportant. Mrs. White's reminiscences were only of trivialities such as " The pond-lily was her favourite flow er." "She was verv fond of dogs; she. had a spaniel named Fido she made a great, pot of." But Eva drank in these trivial casuul remembrances eagerly — there was uotliing too trivial to interest her/ In her filial prido in her father, her de light in her mother's friend, she strove in lier innocent way to draw tho two to gether, talking erithusiasticully of each' to the other. ' "-l'apiL. are not her eyes beautiful and sod— as if she had known some great sor row?" she asked once., "My God!" lib groaned in his heart,. "if the child but knew what that sorrow was !" To Lconie she talked lovingly of lier father— unsuspicious that, her guiloless inno cent words were as daggers to the unhappy woman's heart. " Papa is i- o good — so generoiis, so noble !" she said. " He is everybody's bene factor 1 If only dear mamn'ia hail been spared, how proud sho would liava been of hiin! Anil oh, dear Mrs. White, how "he must have loved lier, when to. this duy ho cannot bear to spook of her or to hear her name !" And Lconie, wilh " her heart as flro nnd ice," forced -her paling lips to- assent. It was not lost upon her .that Penrose was an altered man from the hour when she hod stood face to face with him, and, ns n mini might ature on the sheeted dead re-arisen, ho had gazed at. her. .Others might think that the anxieties of the on coming election weighed upon him, but thoro was one who knew tile truth. They were alone one day, Eva boing called away, had .reluctantly left Mrs. White to lier father for . awhile. Liionie looked- on the haggard face, the lmir that in a few days had grown nearly white, the sunken eyes of tho man- she had once loved, tho husband who had wronged her, as woman, wife, iind mother. . Love could not survive the terrible ordeal that had burnt the life out of hers. But long iiftor love is dead and laid ii) its gravo, the ten derness : born o( passion survives its parent. There wns womnnly compassion m lier grave gray cyos as 'she said, "Paul,, you look ill." "Do I? Wondrous strange!" he rejoined bitterly., ; ' , Sho was silent for n moment, thcri "You nood not fear,'' she assured him, in o tone, too' infinitely sorrowful for bitterness. "You are safe, and Bho ip safe, from any harm at my hands. . If in all these years my hcurt hud hardened, it is hard no long er. Let me only see her for a little while, and I will p«BS out of your life again, iuid. leave you at peuco." i .' "You will?" ho said, with fhe 'srime. bit ter' mookery of a smile. -."You can?" No roproach is bitter ub that of the Binner to tlio sinned- against. But aftey .u whllo tho reaotion crime. Had Iidonio. reproached Jl'ih, overwhelmed him with just reproaches, he would have defended himself. Had she sought to ruin und destroy him, aa slio might woll have done, ho would . have dcemccl himself . the injured party.. . Her silence, ' her forbear ance, loft him a prey to his own conscience. Somewhere deep in his hidden hourt ho had a remnant of conscience still, 'and that rem nant spoilt ail 'his success for him, hud been tho.grinning skeleton at, his life's feast. . The sight of the wronged woman andho innocent girl together was to him us the embodiment of his donble crimp. Looking on thom, he knew himself for tho vile thing, he was. . The sleeping remorse that lie' had drugged into torpor wakened into a 'living eorponf, that. bit .and ate his heurt away. And in this ussociatiqn with .-nor . unao- knowlcdged child, even Leonie's 'strong soli-command began to melt and tremble. She sometimes felt that this was more than she,- even she, could bear. To leave the child would he martyrdom, but she was used to martyrdom ; to look into the child's joyes arid keep lier secret was tor ture. f/ 1 Penrose felt- that the mino was laid, the -slow-mutch lighted. He could even now have trampled it out, he could have ruth lessly purled mother and child oncii more. It could have h'een managed, but the awak ened gnuiving remorse at his heart whis pered to him that lie had wronged Leonie basely, cruelly enough already!. IIo owed it to her not to snatch from lier Ruch poor harvest ns she couid glean from the blight ed field. She was loyal still ; he could not for very shame's sahe— even he ! — take ad vantage of her loyalty yet ngain. ' . And soon — soon— the crisis came/ The Penroses' drawing-room was divided ,into two apartments by a curtained archway. Entering by tlio back door, Penrose paused as ho- heard the voices iu the front room, tho tones of which Were danger-signals. "Don't— don't go, " pleaded Eva. " If you knew ail," arid Liionic's accents betrayed that the strain on her self- control want near to breaking, "if you knew' all, perhaps you would not say that. My story is a sad, a tragic one.. . "I knew it!" breathed Eva, bonding to. kiss her hand. > . . " Don't, child ! You would not kiss" my hand, you might shrink from me, if you know what the story is— how it unfits mo for the companionship' of one young and innocent and intra as you! For, listen, Eva ! You may as well know the worst nt . onco. I spent the best years of my life — in prison!" "But you were innocent !" cried Eva, unhesitatingly. For tho instincts of the pure in heart arc marvellously true. Penroso drew hack the curtain, nnd us a man might advance upon' the levelled guns that nro to deal him death ho moved to wards tlid woman arid tlie girl. "Yes, she was innocent," he said. "Sho suffered for another's crime." "I pan believe it," excluimed Eva. Wrought up to white heat of ca'in, know- .ing tlio crisis was upon him nt last, feeling in that moment that it liud hcon madness over to dream ho could escape it, he had spoken unfalteringly. It was Leonie who paled and quivered like a tonso chord. " Sine; you have heard so much," Pen rose went on, "you nuiy as well know more." \- " She knows enough," intorposed Leonie. "Why dig up the buried bones of a deud past-»an ugly past to recall?"; " Yes, .iL's a very ugly past, for one of the actors in it, but thnt one is not you." "She sacrificed herself in some way for another?" guessed Eva, clasping her hand. " You havo hit the mark. She sacrificed horself— that wns her sin ! And it was a sin — a sin against the guilty man her sac rifice tempted to deeper guilt." He scourged himself with the words; his eyes gleamed with that etrango wild light of the borderland that hovers oil madness, ns lie added, "Since she has told you of the years sho spent in prison, I will tell you how she came to be there !" " Paul — no ! Why distress tho child by so painful a subject? You see, I knew yonr father when your mother was alive, dour Eva!" she explained .markedly, casting a quick warning glance nt him, "and it seems natural to mo to call him by his Christian name." " Slio screened tho crime of a man to whom she was secretly married," Penrose continued, as it he liail not heard the in terruption. " She kept silcnco to give him time to fly, to save himself, and through lier silence rind a combination of unlucky circuiiiHtnnccs suspicion fell on lier." "And he — the man?" " He," said Penrose, " fled and saved him self. He was not suspected — thanks to her who saved his body but destroyed his soul. No ono knew that he Iind been there that night. Sho promised lilni that no one should over know — und sho kept' her word." . "How was it?" asked Eva breathlessly, too absorbed iii her eager listcuing to look ut Lionie'a face. "Tho limn she married hud persundod her to sccrcoy, because he hrid expectations from an old uncle, an eccentric, crabbed old miser, who would have disinherited him if ho hod known of the , mrirringo. They had waited two years, hoping for an op portunity of disclosing- it — or for tlio unclo's death. Perhaps lie, the man, grow impatient and weary pf the secrecy ; mon uro not us patient ana faithful ns women, you'' know, child! And she conceived tiu Idea— it was a' woman's roniuntio droum — of . going to holp in the old litiscr's house hold in. tho hope of winning his liking and his consent' to her marriage ' with his nephew. "The nephew wns in hard straits ; ho came one night (no one knowing th# ho ctunc) to ask his uncle for money. The undo insulted him— the yonngor man was of ri'llory temper — he had his revolver— men drin't ofteiT go unarmed ut night in those firirts;'; (For; this all happeued far 'away roni England, you see, child.) There! you can guess to what the jiot words led) She heard the- sound of tho shot, and rushod into tho room — too late! They were alone in the house, but the housekeeper was ex- peoted buok every. hour, His only chance was to fly, in tho hope that the dead might be attributed to tramp or burglar. 1 < "But -it; was on, her, not on tramp or burglar, that suspicion fell. He- got safely away. She, found alone tkore, was silent, let 'slip no word . to . compromise him, though . -Jier silence : compromised . herself. She was there under un assumed inline— the old man hod but lately left her a legacy iu his will — she was known to be able to usu a revolver, us women 'often find it. needful to .know. how. to defend themsolves in remote settlements. / "Ail this told against her when the esse came for trial. - And lie, by thnt,:time far away iii' safety, when ho heard, ho argued with himself — at loust, we can fancy liow ho limy have argued— tlint they would novcr curiy out tho last sentence of tho law on her, a woman, and young aiul beautiful ; tkoy would givo her the benefit of tiie" .doubt! While for iiim, were the trutii' i.-;.'/1 discovered, there would bo 110 mercy. iHo salved— he may have salved — his conscience"'-;;/ by resolving that he would never let it V como to the bitter end. If the sentence V: were riot commuted he would come for- ward and confess. But- her life was. spared £ t She lived -through her long martyrdom ot » years in prison silent — to save him !" 'V Eva fell on her kuces at Leonie's. sidq, - and threw her arms round lier, sobbing / passionately. s "You do not shrink from (lic stain . of-.-'iten- tlie prison, then ?" said Leonie,' wii h a i ' ' 1 breath caught like a- cry. -"'i - "Shrink? From the bravest und noblest A woman I havo ever known I Tho siain' n Tho luilo of the saint nnd martyr on your - - brow I I was ready to love you as my ' mother's. friend, for my mother's sake. 'Now I adore you for your own !" Leonio drew a long quivering sigh of le lief. The child had no suspicion. . But tho innocence of her faith went like iron . . :-/y through Penrose's tortured soul. He put -.- / his. hand to his breast, struggling silent ly for breath ; his fnco wus ashen gi i Leonio saw it, and pitied. Eva iu Hint moment had no eyes except for her. j "But the man — the coward — the trutoi , — what became of liim? Surely some ictri initial! fell on him?" sho questioned e;i;e- ly. Her young voice thrilled with hittei scorn. In her .indignation and loathing sho, - , had forgotten for the moment that it w is Leonie's husband of whom sho spoke. - ; "Yes, Eva,, yes," lier father said hoarse- ly. " Ho was punished ; liis sin found him out!". . Startled at the change in heri father voice, Eva glanced up nt him ; but Leomu s - v.;.£i arm was -round her;" Leonie's quickly dio\v her close, -.-so thnt tho girl's face was hidden on the woman's heart. Folding Eva ti lict with one hand, Lconie raised the oilier, / with a gesture rather commanding tlmn on- , o treating, to Penrose. "Eva, dear," slio said softiv. steadfastly,. "we must deal mercifully .with -the dead, you know. And t-liat liniii who sinned is ,, — dead! Pray with luc for his soul, deal child, thnt he may be forgiven as I have - forgiven him! Ho sinned, he suffered, he repented — and he atoned!" — Penrose fell on his knees beside her. Tlie stern proud man kissed a woman trembling hand. Ho sank lower. At thu sound of his full Eva turned with a tint and a cry, but he never heard her ex clamation of alarm. A woman's sacrifice had saved his life; v a woman's mercy slew him, by one uift blow, to tho over- burthencd heart; a wo- mull's prayer followed his parting sou!,- to -h plead lor him nt tlie Court where he who escaped earthly justice shall bo judged! . /!. 