A LIFE'S DRAWl. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. Specially Written for the Bowral Free Press. BY WILFRED. ACT ii.-A SNAKE IN THE GRASS. Scene 2-The Coach Up. WHAT Scotty meant to convey by " it " lie didn't say. The coach was coming up the rise;. it's only passenger on the box seat. Long Tom drew up in the regulation style-full dash and a feu-de-joie of whip shots. No matter how poor his team might be in condition, or how much it delayed the coach, Tom made it a rule to nurse his " crocodiles" for that final flutter. The credit of the company demanded the sacrifice. With unfailing regularity, if he carried passengers, something-according to Tom -went wrong a few miles from the town ship, necessitating a spell of a quarter of an hour. The box-seat tenant was the expected; absentee trooper. , , .7 :v. ;,H.1 I His reception was qualified, but there was a smile on his face that Scotty- identi fied as bearing a striking resemblance to a tiger snake after a satisfactory hunting trip. The crowd followed the pair of recent arrivals into the bar, Tom dealing out items.of news as he walked. "What was the road like ? Hades wasn't in the same boat. Twelve thou sand sheep were dead on the Ninety Mile. All the crows were that fat they had gone out of business." " Any teams comin' up ?'* asked the landlord. " Beer's done." " So's all on the teams. Helped to swamp the last on Murtie Bill's waggon at the Tin,Hut this mornin', " said Tom. " Don't sweari Mix 'em up some slush from the creek ; they won't know the dif. There's no water on the road ; and the ' tangle' was thick'n pea soup." " Creeks all dry ?" interpolated Spotty mildly. " Not enough for a snake. They were lying in the wheel tracks so. that I'd run over 'em. * Must a' killed em all; Sort o' snake suicide." " You missed one," motioning to Neil,, who was engaged in close and earnest conversation with Flo. There was an elated look on his face that it was difficult to/understand. Flo., seemed interested, in the conversation of the trooper. Scotty caught a few stray words, " the Major, "being among them. " Slimy's up to something," soliliquised Scotty. " It'll he something worse than a tumble, in the. sand next time. The Major, won't stand handling too. roughly by ohe of HIS sort. Would take him on myself if he gave me a show." " Are yoii sure it'^'the same man," he-, heard Flo ask her companion. "^Certain of it. And putting on all.that side'.''-'- Here's the photo., and the rest of the particulars. Didn't want to see you (sqftly and emphatically) had the same way* Fjo." " Thanks," was- the non-committal reply. " So long ; am going to iny bug roost." With which ladylike remark Flo. departed,-leaving Neil by himself. '. I believe I've got it," commented Scotty to himself. "The Major carried too many guns for him with Flo., and he's been diggin' up some yarfi about him in Sydney. Close chap, .'the Major; but clean white all the way up. Slimy stands ' slimy' wherever he is. Well," (re flectively), " I shall be around to- morrow. I see some fun ahead." Alone in her room, Flo. was thinking of the story she had heard. Like most of her class, anything touching her vanity seared like a red-hot iron. But was the Major making a fool of her ? He; had never made love to her ; but, until lately, he had always been by her side when in the. township. Now he snubbed her, and Neil had told her he was A burst of tears finished Flo. off. " She would wait until the morning. If she was snubbed again she would make things sultry for some one," was her last consoling thought. ACT HI-THE SERPENT STRIKES. Scene x-Mintamungie. .THE out-station rejoicing in the euphonius ( name of Mintamungie was no different in any remarkable way from the majority of kindred locations. Possibly it was a little drier, and manned by a tougher crowd than usually were to be found out back. If that were a distinguishing character then the station was a bit different from others. j Away to the north the country wasl \'<?ry . irregular arid' rockyi Mountainous in parts intersected by cavernous re cesses, stunted shrubbery, mulga and ti tree lining the chasms, it was a country particularly adapted to the natural tem perament of the cattle and horses that found nutriment and a home there. Mountain cattle are a species of chained lightning covered with hides. The annual muster was as gory as it was dangerous. Each of the stockmen carried his life in his hands, so to speak. The horses were not much better as re garded wildness. Few stations but pos sess an " outlaw " or two ; the Major's command had many, with plenty of wairrigals thrown in. All his hands were tried men, and had no knowledge of fear. Many a hair breadth escape could they tell of. Their language was not the sort you would meet with in a drawing-room, yet not one of them would descend to a mean action according to their code, or would not have chefrfully laid down his life for a pal. The Major knew his men, and the men knew him. He could hold his own and a little over with any of them, either at handling a colt, or cutting out and yard ing a bullock. In-horse-flesh 'Mungie possessed some good samples^ All the horses, possessed a strain of good blood and a_ very fair dose of the devil in their compositim The owners believed strongly that a good sire soon paid for himself, and acted up to their belief. Whether it was the associations or not .is a difficult question to answer, but the fact remains that some of the breed took a lot of work. One of them was in the horse yard the morning after the events recorded in the last chapter. He had been ridden once only. Two or three had attempted to do so. One was still in bed from the hurts he received ; the others betrayed no great anxiety for a second venture. The Major had then taken him in hand, and spcV ceeded in making him tractable to a certain extent. Several of the hands were loitering around the enclosure, and criticising the beast. "Ned Kelly" the colt had been christened by the party-that knight of the road just then being in the zenith of his questionable fame. He was a washy chesnut, with a vicious eye and a habit 6f showing' his teeth far from pleasant. Sixteen hours without feeding had not - calmed Edward's - spirit,; and he'kicked out with aiv evideni-ej'd to business;'^ . " ' j.'/( i " Nice "blodmin' crocodi!fe'''yer..'i^r(?]l 'ain'^'yeF?"'Sarcastically . enqnir'ed"tttie ot the hands,'jabbing viciously at tWe:'Horse' with a sapling, " .. t. . " Knock oft Bandy," ordered, somepne in the rear..; He's bad enough, dfln't make him worse ; the boss is going; to ride him," the speaker-and storekeeper -continued, " in for the mail." , '. " Ride HIM !" ejaculated a third, known to his intimates as " The Crow," the result of his acknowledging Adelaide as his birth-place. " 'E must be ratty. ;'E's not fit ter carry a blackfeller's turkey,'; (swag). Wot yer think, Ginger ?" . "Mine think it that, pfeller yarrama'n too sick. Boss tumble down (die); ride um. Gib it Bandy." . . , r " Git out, yer ghost.. Want ter see me killed," roared Bandy. ... >u " The Boss is alright, don't yer trouble. 'E's fifteen stun with that ere stock saddle of'is,, an' a green 'ide girth an' .'oldi '11. never, be bruk by er lop eared crock like this. Blow yer mag," he added excitedly. " The Major ain't a nu n char wot. is .only safe hin a dray," the Crow concluded in an aggressive tone. "You'd better get him saddled some of you, he will be down in a minute,",quietly put in the storekeeper. " Here comes Ginger with the tackle." | .There was a stir immediately.'- All 'hands assisted, and after a display ; of agility the well-named outlaw >vas saddled and got out of the yard. Not much fear of the tackling, giving. All the outfit, with the exception of., the ; saddle was green hide, plaited with a bush man's- cunning. A double- reined bridle'.' beautifully fin:r-hed with the best skill of. the- men's hut wou.ld, Bandy re marked, lio'ld a man-of-war. On receiving the horse from Ginger, the iutending rider made a careful cxan\i' nation of the gear.; He took no chandoE'., Your good Norseman is not 'a dare-deyjl.' An unexpected pig-root, a tender strfrp' parted', with a fall, and the sharp heelsiof a maddened horse fills the blank; Tpe Major had seen more than-one good miln done to death in that mariner. ' " Blind him, Ginger," he said to ttie darlde. " He looks a bit rougti this morning." . ; I The blackfellow. deftly inserted a cloth to temporarily obstruct the eyesight of.th'e horse, and the Major dropped, into his' seat. - '. He did'nt " vault lightly into '.the saddle." . It is only people who. don't, know an Australian buck-jumper from a clothes horse talk like that. It would take more than an ordinary man to board a horse kicking four ways at once. Kelly went through (he recognised per formance as was expected, and the hands, expressed cordial approval of the horse manship displayed in equally orthodox lingo. Finally getting his head straight,-'the spurs went hocne and the chestnut /efft at. racing speed. His rider allowed him no rest, and it was a much quieter beast at the end of the nth mile that intervened between the station and township. V Flo. and the trooper were conversing confidentially in the - " reserved corner when Scotty announced " here comes the' king pin. I must have a word with him," he added to himself. . " Hello, Scotty, old chap ! How goes it-" " Tip-top Major. A nasty-looking,, brute that you're riding." . , ?, . . " Oh, he'll quieten down. . A very-fast: colt, though. Hold him for a few minutes; until he cools, then reef him .up to. ^that tree.". ? ,-j . " .Here, wait a minute, Major. ,-,'J.ust |a word in your ear;'!.| .! leave a little for you.''.,;'., _ ,,,, . ! j " Darn, him, he migli't -have- waited^ He'll fall into the trap* then the ' trap ' 'Jl' have to ' fall out'. with me, if Scotty knows his fare." A pal coming up, the t,wo forthwith' started a discussion on the chestnut!s chances on the flat or across country, Scotty inclining to the belief that washy chestnuts, like red headed women (a sly dig at Flo.'s golden locks) had more vice than heart. In t*he midst of the discussion-carried on in the seclusion of what remained of a once stalwart gum, Kelly's double-reins; in Scotty's muscular hands-the Major1 approached, white as a ghost, and reeling like a drunken man. Before either could utter a word, the newcomer made a snatch at the reins' held by Scotty. The horse, heing startled, reared, up,, lashing out in all directions, freed him self, and returned to the station at full' gallop, followed by a woman's agonising^ shriek. . _ On the dusty ground lay an inanimate form, bruised and bleeding, crushed out' of recognition. . - It was the form of the Major. The serpent had struck ! ? . '.To., be Continued, 