Comic GuUiugs* The Earliest Comb-makers. — Bees. No Risk Whatever.— A sate robbery. A Uuy Election — Where the seat is sold. The idoal husband — some olber woman's husband. The Highest Approbation.— Applause from tbe gallery. Hardly Suitable for Breakfast. — Tbe ' roll' of the sea. Tho n.an at the bottom of tbe ladder can not fall and hurt himself. An Intoxicating Beauty.— A pretty girl at tired in a wine-coloured silk. A Spiritual Inquiry.— '16 it likely that ghosts talk in the dead languages ?' If you don't know when you are wel! off, you are pretty sure to find out afterward. It would be a good deal easier .to love our neighbours as ourscives if they would do things ihe way we do. Why is selling off bankrupt goods like preparing a basin of soup ?' — ' Because it's a liquidation of stock.' 'Papa, why do they call language the mother longue ?' ' Because the father so seldom i^eu a chance to use it.' It's Thrue, Avic !— Says an Irish lover, ' It is a great comfi it to tie alone, especial ly when yer swateheart is wld ye !' -Mother's lmag.-.— Visitor : ' How much tbe baby resembles its mother !' Father : ' Yes, It talked when it was only six months old!' '-.'?? ? ? ?-.-.. Mother : ' Johnny, why did you not tell me that you were naughty at school '!' Johnny : ' Tisn't best to tell women eve,-y» thing.' ' ? Prisoi.er : ' If your Honour will aljqw me a little- .time I think I can prove 'my in nocence.' Magistrate: 'All right; take thirty days.' Robby : ' How did the Sphinx get the credit of being so wife, papa '.'' Mr. Know in ':? 'By keeping ber mouth shut for about 3000 years.' '. Do you suppose the telephone will ever replace the telegraph 7' ' It may, but no matter what happens it's safe to say the telephone will have the call.' 'You don't even dross me decently,' she cried. ' I'm going home to papa.' ' All right,' replied Doolits ; 'you might say to him also that I need a new suit myself.' First Artist (palronisingly) : 'Van Dike is a gocd follow, but he never will be a finished painter.' Second Artist: 'No; all of his figures are entirely too lifelike.' George : ' I just saw you coming from the conservatory with Miss Goldie. Rather handsome girl, but too reserved for me.' Thoraas : ' Yes, I just reserved her for life.' 'I am sorry I bought nnn of those door mats with ' Welcome' on it.' ' Why s;- ?' ' Some stupid fellow mistook tbo mi-anlng of tbe word and helped himself to it the first night.' ' Josephine is dreadfully vexed with her husband.' ' What has he done ?' ' She gave Mm gold suspender buckles at Chript-. mas, aud now be won't ke---p his coat oil at dinner.' - He : ' Tbat is juet lilte a womau — reading the end of a novel first. It seems to be tbe nature of a woman to jump at a conclusion.'' She: 'I didn't jump in this case. I.''. '. , Bkipped.' ? ? , ' First Chicago Man : ' Well, I'm engaged , ; , to be married to Mrs. Rasher-Bacon.' Second C.H.: ' You don't say so ! Is poar Rasher-Bacon dead ?' First CM. : ' No-; but he's dying.' ' What, then,' tlie new woman 'asked defiantly, ' what, then, is woman's sphere to-day ?' The old man shook his bead in sorrow. ' The earth seems lo be woman's sphere,' he said ruefully. . Lonesome Larry ?'' I'm awfully uncertain about what I ate at dat boardin'-house.' V Weary William : ' What did it look like ?'-:. ' .. Lonesome Larry : ' I can't describe It, but its noiu. de .plume was hash.'.' ' I wondfr,' said tho young man, ' ' whether there is much money to be made by writing novels. ' ' Some, perhaps,' re-- ? plied the professional amanuensis, ' but uot as much as by typewriting them.' 'Jane,' said the landlady severely, . 'where are the eggs for dinner? I told' ' ' .: you to cook that dozen I borrowed from'' the neighbours.' 'Yes, mum, but you told me later to be sure and return 'em.' . ? ' I see* that fellow Dawson got out his now patent kites the other dav. and ner sonal'y lie was taken up into the air sixty feet by them. He must be crazy.' ' Not crazy— but certainly a very ligbt weight.' . Nell : ' Miss Bjones uses French phrases in Ihe most peculiar manner.' Bell : 'Does die ? ' Nell : ' Yes, indeed ! Why, at breakfast yesterday, I asked her how she liked her eggs and she said they were very cliiok.' ' Didu't S'our brother forget his lines i-t the amateur theatricals last evening *' ' No— he only got them mixed a little. In stead of saying, ' I hear the tramp of ap proaching 'footsteps,1 he said, ' I hear the foofstejis of approaching tramps.' ' Voice at the telephone : ' Major, will you please bring your family and take supper with us next Suuday ?' Servant girl (re plies back through telephone) : ' Master and mistress are uot In at present : but they can't come to supper, as it's my Sunday out.' 'Every year,' said the professor^ ''.'.a' sheet of water fourteen feet thick is raised to the ?clouds from the sea.' ' What time of the year does that happen, professor?' . asked the' freshman from the interior. . ' I . . 'should think it would be a sight worth - going to see.' ' Do you go to -school, little boy -?' 'Oh, yes, sir — I love to go to school !' 'What ?'.-? do you -study-dreading, writing, and arithni metic ?' -'? All of -those, sir!' 'And are' ' ? you familiar with punctuation ?' 'Oh,, yes, indeed, sir! -Teacher punctuated her tire las' week, an' I mended it for her in less 'n ten minutes, sir.' , ? . - ??? ' An old -African cruiser1,' writes ^^'Somo 7. ,J» years since a captain, now dead, who was In ? ' command . of the Island of Ascension', had to ... decide a very difficult point of etiquette. ' ?- Some of the ladles 'complained to nun that . -. ' the Best scats In church— -the front jpnes^ ;.'. were taken by the wives of the 'Junior offl-1 '? x cers. . The captain looked very thoughtful lor a lew minutes, and Ihen he gave his de- ?: eislon, which was, ' In future the elder ' ladies are to have the front seats.' He was never again troubled on that subject.' 