The Chinaman as [LLOYD'S WEEKLY.] JOHN CIUUHIUII.ii is noithor quibu tlio rogue represented in Brat Harto's pooru, "Tho Heathon Chihose," noi' al bogeblior blio simpleton pictured in Lamb's immortal " Dissertation ou lloast Pig." Ho is tho world's donkoy. Hecan ba lot!; ho will not be driven. As in the ease o£ Gordon, he will, after proving him, lionoi' a great man, whatever his nationality. But to Western ideas John's life is devoted to fraud. He believes, and always has believed, that ho sees w-tli two oyos, and that the " foreign dovil', sees with only one. We wear black for mourn ing or for our boots; ho uses white. Wo caro for tho living, lie cares for bhu dead. With him tho placo of hon or is on the loft hand. Ho dolls his hat at a sign of disrespect. His roses, have no fragrance. His woman folk wear-no p tticoats aud do 110 shopping. If lie is happy enough to escape from the poverty aud drudgory which form tho rule of life in the Flowery Land, his table is tho measure of his riches. His legal code is formed 011 the supposi tion that fraud is universal. Trial by this codo is synonymous with tor ture. It is not novol to liiid a gover nor who has been exiled for his inisr deeds recalled and promoted In caus'd his successor has eclipsed him in rascal ity. From those near tho throne to those in tho hovel the practice is b 1 give bribes to all abov . and to oxact them from those below. Govorumeut goods aro sometimes a year in transit, the ollicials in charge being more «iix ious to lovy fees for alleged' obstruc tion than to oxpedito tho Imperial business. And yob during tho tirno tlio East India Company traded with China there was 110 record of money bciuj; lost through the fraud or failure of a native merchant, though largo sums hud to bo handod to Chinamen for the purchaso of tea in tho interior of the country, where the foroigcor was notporiiiitted to go. John's simplicity is oxomplilied in the fact that during tho China-Japan war ho put up umbrella* to protect him from tho enemy's shells. Ono writer describing tlio capture of Amoy by tho Bribish in 1811, says blie ollic ials proparcd a battery of 200 runs along the shore. Sailing vessols would! Iiavo had bo run tho gantlet of tlioir lire.' Admiral Parker, howevpr,: had' his sailing vossuls towed up to the bown at a safe distance. The town was taken with tho loss of one man, I, whilst tho natives lost 50, Tho Chin ese gonoral declared suoli practices wore without precedent. When Sir Henry Gough landed a mountain bat lory, and from a neighboring hill at tacked the Chinese gunners from Iho rear, tho olHcials, who had never dreamt of guns being tired down a hill sent off hurried despatches informing tho Kmperor of tho treacherous im propriety of the " barbarians." A Chinese Women is expected when young to obey her father and oldest brother; wliou married, her husband ; whoii a widow, her oldest son. ,Sho gives no orders. There is a Chinese proverb which Hays, "Women and children arc clothes "-to bo had when wanted, to bo cast olf as desired. Bub in the language, tho symbol for " rest" and "quiet" is that for " woman under the domestic roof." Mar ried sons aro compelled to live under their parents' roof, where their wives aro subject to the rule of a mother-in-law or of an eldei sister-in law. With his poverty may be com pared .John Chinaman's callous view of tho value of human life. This callousness seems to lie even more' contemptuous than that mot with in India. And yet the Cliinoso dread the name of doath. Wliou one has died ho l>iw boon '-killed." In Fuhkion, wliich in somo rospects is tho m st promising part of China, to montion ; dentil to il native is to rondor him an ' insult, ospeuially at tin; opo"ing of tlio year. Tlio droiulud word i!) evaded wherever possible. John 5h much of n devil worshipper. What"' is eallod the " worship of ancestors " is a complicated system for laying the spirits of the departed. It is the common belief that if the ghosts are notj worshipped and fed thoy wr ak vongoancc on tlio living. Tlio worship!being tlio provinco of the son facilitates divoreo and polygamy, but is not ] without certain redeeming features. It has b en computed that the public " worship of ancostors" costs kh(i empire £6,000,000 per an num, and tlio private worship £24,000,000. In Chinese socioty tlio scholar is re garded as noxt to tlio Emperor; thou comos the farmor, an<l after him tlio mechanic, and tlio trader. Tho amuse ment or decoativo catoror comes last in thu scalo, in accordanco with tlio saying that "thn man who pays highly for a song will not givo much for virtuo." Scholarship,, however, is scarcely such as wo Should doBignuto by that name. But Cliinoso literature is not destitute; of fanc^. ? For instance thero is an old Chinese romance of which Voltaire made line, and which has many render ings but': one - moral A doctor of Reason,1 meditating among the tombs, ohsoned a >oung widow fanning ono of tlionV. Seeing her in toars tho philosopher asked the causo. She i' piied,l"Yuu seo a widow at the tomb of hor husband. Ho was most dear to mo. llu loved mo with tondorness. AfUictcd with choideaofparting,hinlast words were, 'My dearest wifo, should you over think of marrying again, I conjure you to wait at least until tlio. plaster hu my tomb bo ontiroly dry.' Now," aiiid she, "as tlio walls aro still damp, I thought I would help them to got dry." Tlio philosophor told his adventure to his young and boautiful wifo, wlio, declared that should ho die before hor sho would novor marry a.ain. Tlio philosopher puts hor to tho tost' by shamming doatli, and finds her coil! tancy no greater than that of tlio woman lie had mot amungst. tho tombs. Sho, being discover d, commits suicido^and ho rosolvcs novor to take another wife. : 