THE TASMANIAN TORY— AN ANCIENT CURIO The old bad type of Tory has for some time disappeared from public life in England ; but there are a number of singularly well-preserved and remark able specimens in the Parliament of Tasmania. The -Tory, indeed, is prac tically extinct in Great Britain ; for the class Conservative is in no sense akin to him. Among the Conservatives—among Conservative representatives of aristo cratic houses, even— there are many alert men,clear and advanced thinkers, ready to give their approval to any democratic measure, however drastic, once they we convinced of its practical democratic value. Strange to say, the remnant of the Tory spirit shows most strongly among the rank-and- file of Liberal-Unionists. But right at the back of English politics, lending colour and force to every political section, which includes the Social- Democrats, the Socialists, the sturdy and still potential Home Rule minority ; the whole strong heart of Britain, in short, and the mighty aspirations of the divinely discontented British masses. Now, in the actual Parliament of Tas mania, this Radical Party has practically no representative. The great and cleans ing wave of democratic legislation which is gradually transforming the greater Australian Colonies, has scarcely touched Tasmania as yet. We have Tories who would have been considered behind the times in the England of 1840—Dan Burke, John Hamilton, Adye Douglas, and others— men to whom the very name of Democracy is a bugbear and an affront. When these men do not seek to block a democratic measure by stubborn deadweight of ignorant opposition, they squeal and squirm, whining out the arguments of the paltriest opportunism. Take Dan Burke on Free Education, by way of sample. You cannot take him seriously ; but you sit in stark amaze, marvelling how a generally sane man can so successfully have evaded the light of 1900 as to hold such preposterous opinions. Here you have the Tory. The Conservative fights for his class ; but he fights fairly and intelligently, as a man of knowledge and resource, and he does not play the fool by seeking to refute the eternal verities and disprove elementary axioms, THE Clipper is rather of opinion that Dan Burke does not believe that the world is round ; and that he probably does believe that Evolution— if , indeed, he has so much as heard of Evolution— is a cunning sophis try of the devil for the ensnaring of Christian souls. Am. things considered, it seems pro bable that the number of visitors to Tas mania this summer will far exceed tbe reoord of any previous year. Where plague grew epidemic last hot season, all the probabilities point to the fact that it may reappear, in a milder form, this. The people of leisure in Brisbane and Sydney and Melbourne will be more than ever inclined for a change of scene ; and the fact that Tasmania, apart from her exceptional natural advantages, is the only Australasian colony that the plague has not touched, will make Tasmania more than ever popular as a summer resort. Therefore, at this time the Tas. Tourists' Association has an ad mirable opportunity of seizing a favour able situation and doing something big. Unfortunately, the T.T.A. is very sad or siok or something. When it wants a meeting it spends much money on adver tising it and sending out notices, but nobody particular turns up. The fact is that the T.T.A. is not nearly so easy a patch to rise as one would naturally think. Good many Hobart; slugs are rather opposed to the association, arguing that it oonoerns itself too much with Tasmania, and too ' little with Hobart : for the typical Hobart slug don't care a scrap though Tasma nia rots, so long as his garden-plot is spared and be makes his little bit. Also, the typical Hobart publican or hotelkeeper, who is also more or loss thickheaded, don't approve of the T.T.A. He says he wants the summer visitor to stay in Hobart and drink at his pub., and not be deluded into foolin' round Tasmania by T.T.A, advertisements. Colonel Abthtjb — Governor and author of ' the system' which converted Port Arthur into a hell, and tho ghost of whioh yet abides with as as a horrible legacy of the past, deadening the political and social life of the colony— occasionally met with a spirited man who refused to acknowledge his autocratic supremacy. John Lee Archer arrived in V.D.L.. in 1828, bringing with him his appointments as engineer-in- chief and chief architect. Although a courteous and upright officer tho Governor conceived a dislike to Archer, and the pair often disagreed. Finally Gov. Arthur treated him go badly that Archer determined upon exe cuting tne unique revenge of branding all the furniture of Government House, '?which belonged to the Crown,' with the broad arrow. Colonel Arthur waxed furious at the premeditated insult and wrote to England recommending the abolishing of ArcUor's office as useless. After much correspondence the plucky official was, appointed, in 1838, police magistrate at Circular Head, then known as the District of Horton, Recently, a son of Satan, woefully befuddled in the early afternoon, went to sleep under a seat in the Domain. When he awoke, the stare were out, and the seat above him was muoh oooupied. One of the occupants was a dashing actor bloke then in town. The other oooupant was ? well, never mind. But tbe son of Satan, who didn't want to distress anybody, lay quiet till that oocupation ceased, and the juvenile lead faded fur tively away into the moonlight with oooupant No. 2. Bon of Satan s*ys that he was never in suoh a dangerous posi tion before in his life. He also says well, never you mind I 