Comic Cuttings* ^*sr bockefl Tales.— Shortened etorles. I ; Always keeps its. hands .before its face.— A clock Women marry to get Into society ; mea to ? get out of It. I A Fact. — Tbe man who would try to stab a ghost would stick at nothing. Cora :' ' Love is a'strange thing.' Clara : ' Ob, I don't think so. I've been engaged seven times.' Definition.— ' Faith,' said the little boy after a week's study, ' faith Is believing soniotblng that' you know, can't be true.' 'A baby would be so nice to wheel around in a carriage, mamma. Dolls are always getting broken when tbe carriage tips over.' 'Shyboy, what made you change your (lodgings?' 'Why, -my landlady gave me a moustache cup with ' Love tbe Giver' on It.' ' Say, boy, what did you kick tbat dog for 1' ' He's mad.' ' No, be isn't mad, cither.' ' Well, if any one should kick me I'd be mad.' The Proof o't. — ' Men never outgrow their childhood.' ' Alas, no ! Experl- , ence begins whipping us even before our parents leave off.' So many gods, so many creeds, So many paths that wind and wind, While Just the art of being kind Is all tbe sad world needs. ' Why, Frankle, what are you reading In that book about bringing up children ?' ' I'm just looking to' see whether I'm being properly brought up.' In . Texas. — First Citizen : ' That man Weyler Is a reg'lar barbarian.' Sdcond Citizen : ' That's Just what be is. I'd like to help to lynch him '' Dlffgrent.— '. I suppose your daughter f? Just like mine— rather ride a wheel thau eat.' ?' Not exactly ; but she would raibcr ride a wheel than cook.' ' Hear about Timmlns writing a poem to Dollle Fliptoe's .foot ?' ' No ; did he ?' ' Y-es, and when he read it to her her foot went to sleep— so she says.' Old Gentleman : ' Seriously. I don't ro» member ever to have told a lie In all m» life.' Young Gentleman : ' So ? Weir} do you know, I'm getting a little forgetful myself.' Young W.oman (timidly, to shopinau) : 'I would like to look at some false hair, please.' Shopman (experienced) : ' Cer tainly, miss.. What colour does your friend want ?' ' Bilklns has just returned.' ' When* I has he been ?' ' To Monte Carlo, to win ? enough to pay his wedding expenses.' M ' And the wedding ?' ' Has been post- I poned for two years.' - B ' On the right,' said a Killarney guH-! to a party of tourists, ' ye'll see a cascade called ' The Maiden's Tears,' and on the lert a cascade called ' The Willow's Tears,' cause it dries up the quickest.' - The Ruling Passion.—' The marriage ot the star and the leading lady has been ?!?*. clarcd off, I hear.' ' Yes ; they couldn't agree as to whose name should be first on tbe wedding invitations.' Nor ' Rose,' nor ' Maud,' nor ' Gladys,',' can she claim ; Plain ' Sarah' Is my heart-beloved's name I And when with song I woo the modest maitt She coyly asks, ' Is that a Sarah -uade?' Haskell : ' What's Bobby crying for ?'' Mps. Haskell : ' Oh ! the poor boy caughtj his finger in the pantry door.' Haskell . ' H'm ! he evidently didn't get the Jam he nasJooIdDg for that tune.' ' De Fahmore,' said Uncle Eben, ' he» read de papers till It's hand ter sell 'em a gold brick. But .many ob 'em goes ahaid' jes' ez usual, b'lievln' de politician dat tells- 'cm dat he's gwinter raak bahd wuhk on'; necessary.' Mr. Hayback : ' That city feller w'ol'sj a-vlslUn'.here sez thet Sally Sprlgglns wo'i] went £rom here tew th' city Is entirelv unsuffisticated.' Mrs. Hayback : ' Lau.' sakes, the pore gal ! Wen will they lam ' tew turn off th' gas Insttd. uv blowin' it, ? out ?' ? 'I Wonderful Brute.—*' I do think a dog has; I a good deal of Intelligence,' said the man ? with the spaniel, ' but I am not so bad at: ? Browne. He actually had the nerve to. tell me that he was. thinking of studying -Gerjj man, so that he. could talk to his wlw without tbe dog understanding every word: be said.' ' Marian, here's a dray stopping at our door with a piano, and a sewing machine, and a parrot. There must be, a mistake in the number.' ' No, dear, tbey belong to pur new cook. She's a graduate of the School of Cooking, and has kindly consented to try us.' ' It may be a mere coincidence,' sale? he thoughtfully. ' I bone that such Is the case.' ' WhatVs that ?' asked the otberf man. 'Why, every time I call at tho Joneson's I find the doormat turned so thaC the 'Welcome' is upside down as I go in, and all right as I start for the street.' An Estimate.— 'How long Is It going toj take to get through with this case?' asketf. ihe client, who was under suspicion o9 house-breaking. ' Well,' replied the young lawyer thoughtfully, ' It'll take me abouC, two weeks to gel through with It, but I'm: afraid It's going to take you about four years.' ' George, you'll have to send someNbdy to fix tbe washboller. Jane came, home late, last night and went out in the kitchen In, tbe dark, and fell down the ctllar stairs With the boiler and two lengths of stove pipe.' ' That accounts lor It.' ' Accounts fop what ?' ' Accounts for my dreaming I was at a Wagner opera.' Fond Vamma : ' Why, you naughty, naughty boy ! what -are you smoking that vUe cigarette for ?' Hopeful : ' I'm goln5 ttr join the Anti-Cigarette League up to our. school.' 'Well, then, you musn't smoke them.!' 'Huh! Think I'm goln' terM-e uothln' but er high prlvlt 1 I'm gotn' ter reform, 'a' be president .'' ' Here's the very picture of you, sir !' cried .the Relighted nurse, dancing the first edition smartly up and down, ' a perfect Image of you, sir, even to the little scar on his .xhlu-r-do you notice (he little scar on' lite chin J' The editor of the ' Javvllle Clarinet' laid a finger thoughtfully upon bis brow. ' We will consider him, then,' be said In a grave professional tone, ' as a marked copy.' 