HERE AND THERE It is stated that a prominent lecture bureau has cabled an offer of £0,(00 dollars to Mr Kroger to deliver a course of fifty lecluieB through tte country. The ' World' says that the Prince of Wales is orach thinner Bioce Homburg, and that he iB very careful in what he does abont his health now, as the doctors are very euict af :er a care in these days. All shades of turquoise, dhll or tf.ear, salmon or citron green, true b.'ne, and the cinnamon browne, it is said, wi.l be very popular for early antumn wear. Miss Beatrice Harraden thinks that hap piness in married life would be more univer sal if every wife had a sepearate income — an allotted sum in accordance with her husband's position, to be at her independent disposal. A young lady in Nova Scotia has started as ratcatcher, and is doing good business. She is not afraid of a rat, but, curionsL, evinces- the usual feminine hysterical trepidation when she sets her eyes on a mouse The rcfining influence of love is beyond all question In both mea and women it creates a desire to live np to the ideal which each has formed of the other ; and this very longing to be more worthy is an ennobling and purifying infiuencj in itself. The latest vanity is to have eyelnsaeB grafted on the lids. Hairs of the correct length are cat from the heal and are set in position, then sewn over and over in a kind of herringbone stitch. They are then sup posed to take root and to supply some of nature's omissions, says ''Madge' in ' Truth.' Mr J. M. Barrie's play ' The Wedding Guesi' was produced at the Garrick Theatre on September 27. The great' Mine of tiffi play is a Pcottish wedding, a thing never befi.re done on the stage. The ceremony ?aVes place in a private house according, of course, to the rites of the Presbyterian Church. Mr Edward Engel, the shorthand writer who takes down all tbe Kaiser's speeches, is worked hard. In 1899 and 1900 William IL made more than 700 pratioDS. all of which are printed in the ' Monitor of the Empire.' He speaks with great rapidity; his average speed is 275 syllables in a minute ; in excite ment the figures rise to 300, which is just five syllables a second. A certain hotel in Brixton has a ghost. Recently it ha; been bell-ringing and also gas-lighting and billiard playing. Tha land lord, who? is a wide-awakelman not given to 'dreaming, and the barman have gone care fully over the house at night and put out all the gas During the night they have heard the billiard balls rolling about, and next morning they hi vd found the billiard room fully lighted. * - The motives Hot indaoo men to taka unto themselves -wives are varioui. Some marry1' for Jove, others for. money, and othera-stifl for. convenience. Among the latter, says the ' Western Mail,' mu-t be_claesed a witness who gave evidence 'at an inquest heH by Coroner Jones at Newport .- recently. : In answer to a question he eaid.'he 'got married because his! wife could tata cara of him when he had taken too -mnch beer.-' .. ' . . .. ? ?-:....-:. , A promising young barrister, mnch indeb ted for his education to an energetic angling Scottish -grandfather,/ accustomed to dressing bis /. own hooks, bethought him of taking to Scotland aB * present the best boak of flies which money -could purchase.; in London. They were beauties; r, -The' Md' man looked at them with admiration, but, pnt themairay with a sigh, observing, ; ? ?* Jla nal I couldna fash wi' them. The iroot in |F«siewatera' kenmetiy Qua fine.1 '?: jKI juiit fash wi' may ain flea.' . .- ? '????Xi '? . m ? * ?'.. -j^ ??; A new fad among women tronbledi- jwiti nenrens debility is the veg^b e bed 'It is stnfied with moss, ferns, fir balsam, flowers and hay, and is said todiffnse a Vdeiigi«fnl odor, T Physicians are : recommending i-s- use, on the gronnd ttiit it induces Bound and natnraUleep*nd isrefreBhicgand staDgth eiing to the entire system, ;'.. ' ii'.vi!:.' Prom Paris it is romared that skirts will ''? have an amplitude of frills mi fionnces.nor will thepanior be misti- jg; ri?e- that skirts will be very cousidsrably Bttortenedi Wilh thelo3BB/Wide-cnffedi!eew«nd«!3oBeSMo«r severe style of bodice, thiBalmostlSbtBasa weare to return to tbemoies of the seven ties, of inartistic memory. . ..'? - » -,i- Everything in flmart milUoery. saysa iaiiyi gossfp, liesiaB flat as the provrrbiai paneafe,J voA^gcej hat donein two shades of panne I deltlv folded ovarhriirmnH y.m«m ™;»w »„ I otherin fawn -vdvet, trimmel Wlthjawn and brown leathers pla-wd^uite«tf -ra;sHie brim, are examples of aiashion tbat, tbODgh not altogether becomloB, are iepreaen*atiye:: of what will be for the earning sixtriontos! According to tliB '*fGeatla%-mwn' 'the Prince of Waks called the oAer day jbn a well-knjwn Udy. . The, bn'tler happened ?'. 'to have gnne Iji a holila.7, ind the hdusj' was undergoing the1 prcc;a» of ' cleaning '? A new cook opened tbe door ana'aeled ah'e; Pnnce to '«step into tin dining-room' as the ' drawing-room was being papered. The ' Pnnce stepped in, the cook asked bis name, a-ahegava it. Jhe cook-shnt the 'floor i quckly an! turned'the key; .'-Helpl' she' ™'- ; nere:6 a man in the dinue-room - : prarending toba the Prince bt Wales' Her -aies brought; hBr mUtresjtothe msoub, -iad' *he an-l the Priniee h»d a good laneh oVe'r ' ihejoke. .... i ??:? ? ?:,'?'?'- tadySjkea. the anthniess of ;the book 'toWiehtf.an. the War,' makes certain rather pointed remarks onprof esaona! iiiinssi Ohestvs; 'Aennrsing is nghally a tjro-' tesaipn embiaeed by thoee: of the female«ex ?who have not snoceeded in becoming irtveB. acid motbera; my impression is that they are UEUiUy eonr and' unsympathetic towards tteir patieate. jlgiin, nineteen4wentiethB of the professional nnTB58 I hijre met are thin, sngnla^deUcate bsings, who x quire amoitas much c»ra bs .the ..patients. So armwried woman undeistands or knows anything aboat a tnan,.snd consequently thsp,oor feUam in hospital were eubiected wa sysitm of diEcipline .which irtvented »btm frcm talking or HnoHng' The caretaker of apnblichallatGlas»ow has tad the curofiiiy to try oh the hats «Tall 1he'_ 'greBt' men who. have lectured or delivired a po'itical or other address iherea over a largecombcrof years He has notaema!!. bead himself (he tales size 7. hat), bnt sot one of the hatB Tie has put oa whili ihe ownera were in the mahx hall £p-aking would fit him— they were all too bjg. £ord£eivin*« ?went do in to : his ears, while theheid jrear of snob a . small-faced lcokhur man ao Sir George Trevdyan he jras Burnrisedtofiisa almost drowned him. .... .:' A propriet ? of a,fey shop in . a popular son-.h coast ydteriiig-place has this summer hit upon *n iogenions way of advertisinir his there invariably amused themselves by walk ing along the beach and pioSing up shells At a tiifljng onthvy he paicutett a wagon-load of mussel shells, and upon then-white 'inte riors stamped in red ink an adver&emsnt; of ' his business Every morning he sent a 'boy' with a basketful of. these ranaU circulars to distribute along th» b ach. Th.a visitors eag-erlypioked them up, and thetoy a^tU^e bu=mefE is said to have, reaped reward f rom- Hue dreadful ingenuity. . . - A woman admmes a man not only for ifa physical courage aud the strength of charac ter he shows in managing his business affairs, bnt the man who has what sje con stders the mysterious power of fascinating of ? ,°n\ Of hiT ,owa ^ tbe Qnein Christina has assured us that a woman loves a man ' not heCAusaliA i& a man vnVi ? he is not a woman.1' Tj^hi'e a' woman likes a good man she has no. admiration for one of the namby-jwrnhF sort. She doesn't Want to near much of anything abont business. She will not tolerate crsticism, and naturallv Jocks to her hnsband for appreciation. She beheves m the Soriptural injucciion tha.t he should ' praise her in ihe gates,- which really means in public— before iofts She dcesn t like jests, because natpre has made ner defioientin a sense of humor; 3le man who sings to ier praises of other womsn most indeed he destitate of all experience with the ses ; that is the one thing ,omen will not tolerate. ? 