(Before Mr Justice Hensman and a Jury \- Fv, ' , of Six.) «W. WHEATLEYv/W. T. McLEOD. / This was. an action for .malicious pro secution'. .Mr'Harne'y'ahd -Mi- Abbott '(instructed, by Mr Abbott)' appeared for the plaintiff', ''and 'Mr ' 'James and Mr Stawell (instructed' b'y Mr- Stawell) for the defendant1. Mr Harney, in_ opening, the case for the plaintiff, said that Wheatley was a respectable young man' occupying a good position as employee 'of the Dia mond. Drilling Company of Kalgoorlie. The defendant was the proprietor , of another diamond-drilling concern of /Kalgooilie. On March 25 the defend ant lost a diamond bit, containing seven Brazilian, diamonds of consider able value. 'He made inquiries; but discovered nothing of the diamonds, until Juno 5, when he saw them in the shop of a jeweller narned Mackay, who satisfied the defendant that he had got tliem from another jeweller. McLeod theicfore took no actior, but on the fol lowing day he learned that Wheatley had been seen offqring diamonds foi sale.' It would naturally have been thought that McLeod would have come to the conclusion that Wheatley got the diamonds from Mackay, with whose ex planation he had been previously satis fied, bnt he did not come to that con clusion. On the other hand, he at once had him arrested, and thrown into prison on the charge^f having received the diamonds knowing ^.them to be stolen. There mighty be some -doubt as to whether it was not' the police who instituted the proceedings, but when the plaintiff had been brought before the police magistrate on June 12, and the police .had withdrawn the charge, the defendant, instead of apologising, sub stituted for the oiiginal charge a fresh charge of larceny against the plaintiff. The' magistrate sent the pJaintiff to -triaJ, but at the Quarter Sessions the Ciown Prosecutor entered a nolle prosc qui. Knowing that he had not the ghost ef : a chance of proving the charge. McLeud had been told that he was mak ing a mistake in having the plaintiff ai-, rested, because he had had the dia monds placed in hi« hands by Mackay, who desired him to place them on; of fer to his (Wheatley'-) emplo}ers, who offered ^10 per carat for them, which fiff.e-r the plaintiff had refused, because he wanted the full market price of £13. When told this story, McLeod did not .take' the- slightest trouble to ascertain \ V- ,' its truth, but replied, 'I don't care; I, will go on with it.' There, was evi dently bad feeling between the defend- 1 aant aad the plaintiff, because the lat ter was talcing steps to promote a new diamond drilling syndicate, whcieas the defendant's concern and the company employing the plaintiff at the. tinic lielcl: ? a monopoly. This was evidently the cause of McLeod's actions. The man vfito way charged with the theft of the , diamonds was charged on the same day that Wheatloy appeared in the police ' , ? court. He was released on ba^l, but ! f owing to the strenuous opposition of the defendant's solicitor Wheatley was' re-*' fused bail. . » '' , ^Evidence was then called to support. tSiis story. . . \ ,''?-' 'The Court then a'djourned until, 10/30 \ .- , the following morning. v 