I ORDINATION SERVICE. Afc St.' George's Cathedral on Tuesday, i I morning an ordination service was held, j and the Bishop of Perth administered I ordination to the Revs. J. P. Davoren I and G. Digby Wilson as priests. The ! service commenced with a sermon of ex I hortation, which was preached by Dr. Montgomery, Bishop of Tasmania, i Dr. Montgomery took as his text the words 'Take heed to thyself" (I. Tim., ! iv., 16). That was an occasion, he said, which called forth deeper '¿thoughts, more fervent prayer, more, longing for the true welfare of^the Church of God than the ordination of a priest. They (their brother clergy) recalled how tre- mendous a power for good *sas wrapped in the gift to ^ be received by their brethren about to receive "ordination nothing less than the power of the Holy Ghost to cleanse and defeat, and to es- tablish the body of Christ-and because it meant so lofty a possibility for the greatest good. So also it made possible the greatest and the most terrible of falls, and their fervent prayers were for their welfare, and to realise the glory and the danger they shared with them, ihey (the clergy), after years of high , office, were humbled as they recalled i their own failures, but they would not changé their lot for any on earth, for they were messengers, stewards, watch- men for the Lord, and assisted by His grace always, theirs was the noblest calling that the world knew. With ex yerience gained by mistakes, as. well as by the general discipline of life, he would say, as a brother, the words in the epistle to Timothy, 'Take heed to thy- self." They (their brethren in Holy Orders) repeated the injunction in the spirit of brotherly affection, because their office could not only immeasurably rajse the people when faithfully exer- cised,, but it could also, if they became careless, lower the^; whole tone of "a parish. A noble clergyman in an' ordi- nation sermon had truly said: "The spiritual soul of a parish rarely, if ever, rises above that of the pastor.'' Let them see their life as a trust fraught with a grave responsibility ,-awful in its possibilities. Their strength was from above.. "I will never leave thee nor for- sake thee," the Lordjiad said, and they ahould not become discouraged. Tiey were called on to raise, all their'lives, the level of their own spiritual life, that the level of others might rise also. It was the spirit and character of theil lives- which told, for all they said ano did could be, and had often Seen, mad« useless by what they really were in spiri- tual life. In theEe days the ministen of God's .Word had to burn a very pur« flame indeed by keeping daily very dost to' God. They should conduct theil prayers with devotion, and make theil daily prayers a tremendous -reality, ant also let them "take heed to thyself" thai they offered thanksgiving every day, foi nothing opened the heart so much, ant nothing was more neglected. As j general rule, it was in the knowledge o' the Bible that the clergy failed in thesi days more tuan in older days, and i steady, quiet, deliberate reading of th'i lessons, and pondering over some dee] lesson every day, was helpful. No mai could do so without raising the tone an< temper of his life, and they would" wei come "quiet days for 'communion wit] God. Let the brethren confess, hoi hard it was to combine sweetness am tenderness with force, how easy ,to le business and organisation and activit of body destroy the bloom of the bes Christian life, by having lost the pur note of a deeply loving heart, such lifo being spoiled for the very besi though they never meant it, and pei haps did not know what they had losi On entering the nulpit let them alway pray, "O, God, give me a loving heart, and the prayer would be answered b their being led by'God to be more wit Him, lest the duties and round of eac day spoil tho temper and tone of mini terial life. Let them beware of an point in their work upon which they coi sidered they were especially strong, sue as in organisation,''visiting, or preacl ing, for at times God permitted them i fail, in order td humble them before tl world, in that very point upon whir, tney were so sensitive, and about whit they were so proud. Therefore th« should pray most earnestly for help c that subject... Next they should remen ber for very many years yet »the youth, for it was an awful thing fi youth to be called upon to instruct a| and experience. They were , sure . make mistakes, and the remedy was ' be very humble, and be diligent studen of life, and to read deeply of the be Works, but for many years the youl men should 6peak as learners. In t their teachings they must rememb that.they had beside them a Heaven Schoolmaster, who made no mistake They were all learners, and they all hi to come before Him, who.would say i them: "Be brave, spell>for Me-Bpi -pain, spell poverty, spell bereavemer spell anguish," as well as joy, hope, ai i health. In conclusion¿ the Bishop urg the brethren tb be brave and have a go I hope' for they wore putting themseh into the hands of Aknighty God, 1 servo IT-ÍIT» as He willed. He exhort them as brothers to burn a pure flan I because the ideal of their work was supremely great, and to have a go hope in Him wno walked beside the He urged them not to look back, b always forward, and prayed that G might work through them wonder! I .lunomfh fA lil ona and ennui ,t The solemn and beautiful ceremony 1 'was then proceeded with. The senior archdeacons presented the two candi- dates to the Bishop of Pertht who was seated on his throne. The Bishop exa- mined . the candidates and then com- mended them to the prayers of the con erega-tion. The Litany was said by the Dean, the Bishop saying a special suff- rage. The Litany ended, the Introit was sung, during which the Bishop and his assistants proceeded to the altar, where Eucharist was commenced. After the Gospel, the Bishop being seated below the altar, surrounded by his as- sistants, the candidates were brought forward, and were called upon by the Bishop to take the oaths and make the declarations required before their ordi- nation. The oaths were accordingly administered by the registrar. The ser- vice then proceeded in accordance with the ritual prescribed by the Prayer Book, the Bishop kneeling in front of the altar during the singing of the Vinci Creator. This ended, anda prayer of supplication having been said, the Bis- hop, amidst profound silence, laid his hands upon each kneeling candidate, severally reciting the words of ordina- tion prescribed, and delivering to each candidate a Bible, saying, "Take'thou authority to preach the-i-Word of God, and to minister the Holy Sacrament in. the congregation where thou shalt be lawfully thereunto." The Bishop again returned to the altar, and completed the celebration of Holy Eucharist in the usual manner, and the ceremony "was brought to a conclusion. The Bishop's assistants were the Dean as Gospeller, me Archdeacon of Perth Epistoler, the Rev. D. J. Garland registrar and chap- lain, the Rev. C. E. C. Lefroy staff bearer. Archdeacon Barton-Parkes also joined with the assistants in the laying on of haiids. The Revs. T. McClemens and F.- J. Price attended 'the Bishop of .tasmania, who was seated on the north side of the altar, as chaplains. Amongst the other clergy present and the choir were the Revs. W. F. Marshall, J. Ellis, A, Burton, E. Saunders, J. A. Howes, A. G. Cutts, J. S. Needham, and W. iüveringham. The xtev. 3. P. Davoren is at present stationed at Victoria Park, but is about to proceed to Menzies to take up the work there. The Rev. G. Digby Wilson is at .present, and will remain, at New- castle. 