TflUE TALES OF OltD DAYS THE GHOST HUNTERS, THE SPIDER, THE WEB, . AND THE FLY. SOMETHING more than thirty years ago, Melbourne, as to its social condition, was in a state that might fitly be termed a chaos. It 'is true that the "days of the deluge' had passed away-the days when every ship that entered Port Phillip Heads brought its full cargo of hardy, dare-devil gold-hunters, and when the newly formed colony of "Victoria was merely a gold-field just discovered, towards which a great rush from all quarters -of the world had set in. Since those days ten years had 'elapsed, and the population was rapidly settling down -(to borrow a figure from the wine-cellar) in the first stage of fermentation. Already, as was natural, a con siderable proportion of the population had gravitated towards the capital, and tiie signs of settled civic life were plainly visible. But*Wie gold fever was still raging fiercely in men's veins. Mammon was' still the sole deity worshipped. To clutch the yellow metal by any and every means, and at any risk- of character or self respect, was the one object that made life worth living. In by far the majority of cases the eager desire to get 'gold-to " make a pile"—rapidly, was only the prior object, serving to enable the lucky possessor to fly from the accursed place, so that he might revel in comfort and vulgar luxury, live in idleness, .and indulge all the impulses and appetites of his lower nature in freedom for the rest of his natural life * .. Of course, in such a state of things, mercenary adventurers of every descriptions Wa^injed on tlie;g?'o'uiu^/ Every other man you passed in the street was either a gambler or a victim-in the slang of the bookmakers, either a sharp or a flat. Perhaps it was not so much the gold itself as the amount of excitement that getting and spending-or losing-it would give them, that made men so abjectly avaricious. For there is a strong spice of salt truth in the Hudibrastic maxim, that "doubtless the pleasure is as great of being cheated as to cheat." Be that as it may, the streets of Melbourne then pre sented to the eye of a keen observer of human life and character, as varied an aspect, morally, as did the streets of Rome to the view of Horace when he wrote his famous second Satire. The whole college of swindlers, mountebanks, confidence- men, spirit-rappers, table-turners, jugglers, fortuna-tellers, thimble- riggers, and the other despicable social parasites was abroad in Collins and Bourke streets and the slums adjacent. " The Orontes flowed into the Tiber," sings Horace. All the broad stream of Syrian rascality was poured into the streets of the imperial city. That is^to say, similarly, into the narrow and evil-smelling Yarra was poured all the varied roguery and villainy from the Thames, the Seine, tho Derwent and the Parramatta Kivers. " # * # There were shoals of flat-fish swimming about ready to be hooked. As a logical sequence, sharks abounded -hideous objects, with protruding jaws, sharp, shining teeth,'flat heads and cruel, blinking eyes. At every opening of their hungry jaws they swallowed a fat mouthful. The shark species, moreover, was of two kinds. . The description just given may stand for the mala variety; the female variety was not quite so repulsive as*" to external appearance; it .showed a sleeker, oilier, shapelier form, with less repulsiveness of jaw and teeth and eye. But.it wns just.on that account the more rapacious in its nature, the deadlier in its execution. Woe betide the victim who fell into the jaws of the female shark of those times! His doom was expeditiously sealed. He was stripped of every rag of vesture and every ounce of flesh, and pitched headlong out of window-to change the figure-to perish of hunger and nakedness in the back slum behind th ; den of the Hecate. -rnr - . - ?* Photo, by J. Thomson, Gi'osvenor strept, Tjonclon, W. LADY SYBIL PRIMROSE, The oldest daughter of the Earl of lloseboiy, who attained hev majority a few weeks ftffo. . But bad as men are in such a condition oi'sooiaty, and indifferent as to mo ml qualities as a considerable section of them are in any state of society, man is still a reasonable animal. If'not. hooked through the lower appetites by the diabolic angler on the river-bank' of human life-like Praed's abbot by the lied Fisherman -he may bo made the viotim of some cunningly con trived mental delusion. He may not be a man much addicted to the baser gratifications of the senses, or he may be a man-like Jacques in Shakspeare's exquisite oomedy-who although once " a libertine as sensual as the brutish sting itself," has reached in his lifetime the jperiod of exhausted passions. As an Irish friend of present writer's used to express it, " the fellow has ^ the makings of a good spree in him." Home remain"of mental vitality there may be in such a i,:an, nnd whei this is the case the withering intellect naturally h" comes the prey of some wild and fantastic delusiot" This simple statement explains at once !.he prevalent tha.tsueli insane impostures - as spirit-ivappinji, spook6 hunting, reincarnation fads, theosopby, and the whole series of deadened brain frauds, appear to obtain ut certain periods even amongst sane-looking people * * * All this is perfectly well understood by the tribe of harpies, male and female, who make it their solo occupation in life to pray upon such easily- hooked victims." Specimens of the tribe were, of course, not infrequent in the Melbourne of the early sixties. One such specimen, a woman, contrived to living herself into repulsive prominence, but not before she Imd succeeded in hooking a mighty big flatfish, nnd with the aid of a male confederate stripping him to.the bone and then flying from the colony, leaving behind hev noisome reputation- for artful trickery, unscrupulous rapacity, audacious imposture, and unprincipled dealings of many kinds. This well-known adventuress was a German woman-a coarse, fat German fntu, of most repellent aspect. One would imagine that merely to look at her would be sufficient to scare nwnv the most gullible of mortals; but it is a curious fact in human life that there is, for some people, a positively attractive force in simple ugliness.of face and form. It nets upon them with the same poweV of fascination that the rattlesnake exercises over the bird. Anyhow, in the present case the power of the attraction' of repulsion -(there is such a physical force known to science) was exercised with signal effect. Our German ad venturess gained , her object-and her predestined victim. Her we may call the Siumon of our little true story. How she-spun her web and trapped her big blue bottle fly Lamont was told twenty years ago to Sir Kobert Moleswoith." ' * * * Lamont was a Stawell miner, who in partnership with Grant, a brother of James Macpherson Grant, the lawyer politician, made a great fortune. Lamont fell into the clutches of the " spidei1" with the result tliat nearly the whole of his large estate was gobbled up by the Eat Woman and heir friends and the M'Murtries, Lamont's relatives were deprived of the property by n will made in favor of the " Spiritualist" and her friend McGeorge. * * * As was said she was a German. Not that there is the very smallest reflection upon her great and gallant nationality conveyed in that statement. Female adven turers are of all climes and countries, and of all ages of the world's history as-well; Circes and I-Jecates nro to he found in all times and places, if one will only give one self the trouble of looking for them. This particular Hecate-Circe might have been of any country, from China to Peru. Under what particular circumstances she came to the goldfields of Australia has never been acolirately ascertained. Nor is the point of any conse quence. Doubtless she had come, like thousands of . otters, in the later days of the deluge, to try her fortunes amongst the shoals of gold-hunters. Anyhow, when our stoi-y opens she was tenanting a sh-.hII cottage m Flinders-lane, where- the report began to spread-were nightly carried on what in the slang of tl,." fast set me called " high jinks." The rumor ran that in her own country she had been known as the Frau Teufelsureek, ; widow of that learned professor at Weise:'nchtwo, whom Carlyle has made so famous in' Senior wit whether this be true or not, the name by vhion shewib known to her " oomrogues" (as the Irish pronounce it; in Flinders-lane, Melbourne, in the year grace, XSu . was Mrs. Saxon, or variously Mother . m, or simpi) " the Mother." 