Comic Cuttings* : There are probably as good fish In tha sea as ever were lied about. ' Your wife Is always so out-spoken. V ' Yes, outspoken, but never out-tallced. Morning wraps were the Invention ok the man -who wakea tfO hotel guests for the early train. ' You told me you and Harry loved at sight.' ' Yes, tm-t we quarrelled on acquaintance' At a tPT?Vs meeting ln Ireland It was recently voted, ' that all persons In the town owning dogs shall be muzzled.' ' Does position affect sleep ?' asked a medical writer. It does when the man holds the position of night' watchman. ' Do you know much about that horse you bought from the Deacon?' 'I know more about the Deacon than I did.' . Ji, , Some one has written a poem on 'The Tongue of. Liberty.' The tongue ot liberty- generally belongs to a married woman. ,. . r ,, 'You say that horse Isn't afraid of any thing. Can . my wife drive him?' 'I don't know; sir.:.. I have never seen your , wife.' .. . Visitor.}; ' JSttt rtliis ? portrait of ' Mr. Bulger is;fl. --gcu-d deal - more than , life size.' Artist:;.!,',! kn&w-it.; That ? is., the size he %I^jc%,lie is.' r ; , '..Didn't I lend:' you -£6- a month or 'so ago ?' ' Yes,- . I believe you did. I'm ever so much obliged f/jr your kindness. I/feei I can never rep.ay you.' Lady.i Friend. ,(fo young ; widow) : ' You're gardening, . I see, L/ucy.' Young Widow (with a. weary smile) : ' Yes. I wish I could, $6: to say, transplant my weeds !' Watts: 'There seems to be some truth In the saying that heaven helps those who help , themselves.' Potts! ' Of course there Is. They are the only kind' worth helping.' First Beggar: 'Hello! Pickin' up anything on your rounds these days?' Second Beggar: 'Ain't nothin' doln' at alh I had to draw five pounds out of the bank to-day ter pull me t'rough.' Patient : *' That sign of yours is not yery encouraging.' Dentist : ' Why so ? I guarantee to extract teeth with out pain.' Patient : ' Yes ; tout I want the pain extracted. I'd rather keep the tooth.' ' Whyfor eez lt:zat a woman's face eez used on zee silver dollar ln zis country ?' inquired a visiting foreigner. . ' Be cause,' growled the impecunious native, ' it is the idiom of our language that money talks.' ?Aunt (to Tommy, who has been to the menagerie) : ' wen, Tommy, cia you see the tiger?' Tommy (whimpering): ' Yes, b-to-bu ? ' Aunt : ' But what— what are you crying about ?' Tommy : ' They wouldn't let ime stroke his ears.' Miss Northside (to her ibrother) : 'Do you know, Fred, that no fewer than four men want to marry me ?' Fred : 'All right, sis, may the best man win !' Miss Northside : '' You don't know much about such things, A .bride does not marry the best man.' Canrobert was inspecting the new .gaiters worn by the light infantry. See ing one that was badly fastened, he took the .wearer to task. 'Look here, I'll send you my nurse, ito button it on for you.' 'Quite unnecessary, General ; . I see her every day.' And Canrobert burst out laughing. ' Mabel, why don't your mamma wear diamond earrings . like . my mamma's?' ' She left 'em rho'me, and -papa's hid 'em' ?Where ~th$'rfriybers can't'' get 'em.' 'Where has 'he'- hld 'em?' ' Why, 1 heard'him tell mamma, that he had put them up the spout, and he^guessed they .would stay there.' Winks: 'What makes you look so glum?' Jinks: 'I have six daughters, none of them, married, or likely to be.' Winks: 'And you glum over . it? You 'are the most ungrateful mortal that ever breathed. I have six daughters, all mar ried, all have children, and I've got to support the whole crowd.' A.: 'Did it ever recur to you what a charming conversationalist P ? Is ?' B.: ' Well, I don't know ; not parti cularly. Why?' A.: 'Oh, he is, decidedly. He hasn't the ghost of a memory, you know, and you can tell your stories to him over and over again, and he enjoys them every time as much as at the first telling.' . A youngster one day eluded punish ment by creeping under a table, where his mother could not reach him. Short ly after, his father came ln, and, when told of the state of affairs, crawled on his hands and knees in search of his son and heir, when, to his astonishment, he was greeted with this inquiry:— 'Hullo, father! Is she after you. too?' rAn American gentleman was talking of a llttle'game of poker, down In Texas somewhere, In which he had taken part. 'The man on my' right,' he said, 'held four kings and an ace. The man on my left held four aces 'ancl a king.' ' And -what did you hold ?' some one asked. ' Weil, I was acting coroner at the time. I guess I held the Inquest.' 