SURGICAL AND MEDICAL, -one's THE LAST O'. FOUR. MEMBER TOMMY. THEY ALL ASKED FOR OLD ORIOH. THE CHANCE, AND THE GHOST OF A CHANCE. THE AUSTRALIAN TWINS. THE SHELL SPLINTER. I'LL NOT BE SENT HOME UNPAID DEBT TO THE BOER DRAWING INTEREST. " DID HE LIKE IT ?" THE MEN 03? COLONIAL EXPERIENCE BRING THEM ALONG. THE LAND IS A GOOD LAND. BY RUDYARD KIPLING Ci ich, the orderly, sat on a camp stool cheering Parker, who lay suspiciously quiet Parker had come from Queensland, via New Jersey, among other cities, and the registered voters of Colesberg had shot him across the spine below the shoulders " My stomach's a trifle out of order," said Parker, cleanly, "They can't get it to work Except for that, I don't feel there anything wrong with me " Cnoh looked at me, to signify it would be better for Parker if he had a little more reeling "We're dominion beautifully, ain't we0" saul Cnob, and Parker nodded " for the last of four all spinal cases all in this tent, too " said Parker " I've seen 'em alive, and here am I begin' on by any finger-nails They all went, didn't hear"' "Yes," said Orioh, his braces round his hips , " as' they all called for ino 'fore they went 'Member Tommy ?" Parker smiled Sir Philip Sydney smiled very much in that fashion " Oh, yes I was on spr cial allowance of brandy, but Tommy, he always looked for in little of mine in his lemonade Couldn't speak much, but he used to roll his eyes to my bed Tommy liked his not o' brandy and lemonade When did he go, Cnoh ? " Yesterday afternoon You was asleep, Parker He said, * Cnoh, old man, where are you ?' he said Right here, in front o'you,' I says, and I went up to 'an, 'obtuse I knew what was coming I can't see you, Cash,' he says Then I laid old of his arms in my two 'and " That's better,' he says, 'If I can't see you I can feel you, he says. Don't let go, Cnoh,' be says, and in a minute or two he was off, as quiet as anything You were asleep, Parker Oh, yes, they all asked for old Cnoh to take old or when they went off Parted s goin' to best the lot of 'em" This to me "Last o' four spinal cases he is, and he's goin' to Notley, an' he'll be all right in a few weeks 'Ave some more tomatoes, Parker ?" The trout turned his head and raised an arm He could not quite reach the tomatoes Cnoh stepped across the tent, lavishly doubted the cut fruit with oil and vinegar, and exhibited Parker in the act of eating Then Parker talked of real estate speculation, in Orange, New Jersey, and stooknding in Queensland, Cnoh supplying an over-appreciative chorus I watched The superbly built body, so all alive to the client line, so all dead below, and it seemed to me unfair that nervous anxiety to make Cape Colony " a little haven of peace ' had led a " neutral government to postpone the ordinary preparation for war till the Colesberg rebels (all registered voters, remember) could not veniently mangle Parker's spinal cord I laid it upon which, the hairy chested and adequate, that Parker must not die, and Crich, hopefully hopeless, said, out of Parker's hearing, that he would do his damnedest That was some weeks ago I have seen Parker twice or thrice since, but to-day his bed is empty He has bested the registered voter of Colesberg, all the young doctors who prophesied death and Cnoh, who couldn't see any other way out of it. He has gone home in a steamer to Netley with the chance of living half-dead for a year or two, and the ghost of a chance that he may partially recover This is a load off my mind For some absurd reason Parker was my war-fetish He held on through the black days ere Ladysmith was relieved he heard of Cronje's surrender, and now, at Madeira, he will learn that Bloom contour is his and ours The war goes better, with Parker and Bobby fraulein disposed of we can attend to the hospitals Dinuiss, the light moustached sergeant major of a horse battery, has gone away , but not before he saved the lives of three or four, depressed and morbid, by his cheerfulness and his yarns Dinuisa has <-ix-and-tivonty years' service He refused his majority 11 years ago, because it was not in his beloved battery, and be is an encore posts of military knowledge the unofficial brand I heard him tell his tent confidentially that if he had known what sort of a silly sort of war this war was to turn out, he would have retired on his laurels early in October He caught something at Magersfontein, which has kept him in bed for a few weeks, but now he is at the front again He was more or less in charge of the horse battery which, out of pure politeness, stood still to take the Boer fire when our naval run on the left of the line did not see the flag of trace, went on bring, and brought down a fresh Boor fusilade Said Dinnies-" Of course we sat tight, to show it was J. mistake, but the shells were -makins our horses skittish, so I said 'Send a driver to their heads They're a little shy ' I looked round, and' they weren't any drivers ' D'you know what they were dom'? Chasm i ate round a bush ! Yasa . Ruthenia' under fire On my word, I don't believe drivers have sons No, not one " " Were they Cockneys, by any chance, Din miss " I asked " Ye may say so We come from St. John's Wood, London, N The tent and the orderlies grieved when Diumss left, for he had great authority, and most persuasive tact Now, Derby of the Inniskillings, had no authority He lived on his tongue and his smile m ouiilaulriug orderlies Dirby got it badly in the log, and hopped like a cloakroom in scarlet flannel between the tents He was marked for England, and the day before he sailed all Rondebosch was too small for his tranSports A visitor came by with pipes and tobacco for the men, and Derby steered him towards a con- valescent D'you want to buy a pipe? said Derby, with a serious face " They're only three pence, and the bay's one and threepence costick. It's dirt cheap" Ihn convalescent fingered the stock, und dem inded cigarettes " I'm sorry," said Darby, " but we're sold out of cigarettes If you'll give your order, may be this man will Then the convalescent tumbled to the West, and Derby had to run for it all between the tent pegs There should be lively 'times on Derby's boat house, but he is the kindest of souls to an invalid The twins are not on their feet yet They are both Australians, both have broken legs, they lie side by side, their legs in slings, and one loyally caps the other's tallest yarn A few days back talk turned on what blackfellows could do with a boom rung A roller out to pieces with barbed wire, a Oth Lsnror, and a West Yorkshireman told the twins to draw it mild Sticks could not twist and turn in that way it was as absurd as the word Wool- loomooloo Entered then from another tent con iridescent Hue of Manitoba hit down at Sliuger's or Arundel Rae said he did not understand boomerangs, but shares could be made to curve in the air, for all the 6th Lancer said For instance, there was a game called baseball Rao illustrated with his sound arm how a pitcher sends to a curved ball, and Copyright. 1950, by Rudyard Kipling. 1 the twins, applauding, welcomed him as an ally. They had a file of Australian papers with pictures of boomerangs ; would the 9th Lancer please get them out from the shelf, and they would explain P So, under the pines planted in South Africa by men from the north, Welshmen, tyke, Cockney, and Canadian bent their heads over a colonial weekly, while a Queenslander read the letter- press. Johnson, of a Highland regiment he looked very like Alan Brook-had tried to stop a shell splinter with his stomach, and it cost him eight weeks' agony. The first time we met he walked crab fashion, his blue eyes alight with pain. Hear, O Heaven, and bear witness, O Earth, that there was no more South Africa for Johnson and his stomach ! A fortnight later we ant in the sun with a whispering Guardsman, half of whose larynx had been put out of commission by a down Dropping bullet. But. Johnson was a changed man. He had developed a scheme and explained it as he sat grasp- ing his ankles and rocking to and fro. They were going to send him to Green Point with other con- valescents. The odds were that they would send him home, and that did not suit Johnson's are fined book. *' I'm a saddler by trade. They'll miss the likes of me when they're repairing dollars and harnesses. I'll not be sent home till the war is over if I can help it. Surely they'll need a coUarmakor. Then I'll be able to get back again." He went off to draw his kit, walking merrily, and the Guardsman whispered husky congratulations. But there is no spring in M'Connell, sergeant of another Highland regiment nothing but Hour disgust. He got it in the hand round Paardeberg a rending shattering bullet, that has marked him for England. And there is what is left of his company to consider, and there is his unpaid debt to the Boer, drawing interest every day and there is his right hand throbbing and aching in the night watches. His chief interest is the daily paper and the list of the Boer dead. He lies in his corner, smoking, brooding, and meditating how to escape England. But his hand-his right hand, with the iron-hard forearms useless. He always comes back to that. Not far from him lies Carter, who went down hill by reason of a fractured thigh and Borne fever. Then he got bod-sores-two, he told me and then they got him an air matron. Carter came near to losing his life, but the story in the ward is that Noted, a graceless Cooknoy Highlander, I backed him up, precisely as Diuuiaa bucked up the man shot through the lungs. Anyhow, Carter is spared, which is a sign of grace, and they have taken him out for a small Walk in a wheeled chair. " He kept' asking' us all the way up hill if he was too heavy," said one of Carter's sti-eds->a convalescent with a head wound. " Well, you see, it's voluntary, not compulsory, taking' convalescents out," says Cartel, rather tremulous, about the mouth. " You don't weigh more'n a mt now," is the answer, and then, the voice touched with beautiful tenderness, " Did ye like it 'Army ? " * Sid he like it After three months he has seen Trees and sunshine, and felt the big sky above him. He picked up the good dirt of the earth and let it run through his fingers. Now he in going to sleep. In a little while Mytton will be fit to wheel out. He hails from St John, New Brunswick the old city of many fires over against the racing Fnudy lido. The scent of the Wynberg pine needles makes him one jelly of homesickness. Providence sends to his bedside one who knows his city, and street by street and suburb by suburb, " from Castor in the Forum to Mars without the walls "-from the fragrant lumber mills to Loch Lomond Hylton goes over it nil rejoicing. Yes, he knows, moreover. Dalhousie, Gaspe, and all Bale Chnlour, and how he longs to see them ! Two yards away a Yorkshire Reservist points out to a man who is fashioning a canvas and wool belt that of all places under heaven there is none like to Bradford. He is married, with four children and a damaged shoulder ; but' all will be well when he returns to Bradford, in I' steamer.'" Lascelles, Tasmanian Mounted Infantry, holds quite other views. He has come through much rough-and-tumble work, ending with abscess of the liver. That removed, they have put him to light duty at Maitland Camp till he is fit to sit a horse. His eyes are sunk and heavy, but he sees far. He is the son of a Hobart fruitgrower. What about fruit-growing in this country? is himself an apple man, but understands peaches and plums. Has noticed while in hospital that many apples sent to convalescents were full of codlin grub, which he considers far more serious than Boers. What about red scale and the other fruit pests ? What about packing and freight rates - In Tasmania the wood for an apple crate costs sold, and the completed article less than Ad. On the other hand, South Africa is nearer London than Hobart. Lascelles works out the item in his head, and emerges to say that he has dug up many samples of soil round Kimberley ; has also looked over many furniK up country as he rode through them. Tjascelles thinks that Tasmania being a small space young man might do worse than settle here and grow up in a new country, oh ? It is represented to Lascelles that he is the kind of man we need badly. Yes, Mr. Lascelles this is the one land for the new man of colonial experience for open-air men used to large spaces and plain living thousands of them. Here is everything horses, cattle, wool, and fruit. Do you know any more young men of the same views- Mani- toba considers, New Zealand sheep man, fruitgrowers of the south ? If so, bring them along, and we will make such a country as the world has never seen. Lascelles admits that he has talked to several friends about the wisdom of settling here after the war. They think well of it. In 20 minutes I have pledged the honour of the Empire to the hilt on behalf of Lascelles and Co. If they mean business everything shall be made easy for their first start. I will lend them money on mortgage (at least, you will, and we shall get 4 per cent l. I will slip down railways along the valley, where the fruit grows, so that no fear need haul her dried prunes more than five miles to the rail. (This is not so mad BE it hounds, for such valleys are few.) I will arrange low freights, it I have to go on my knees to a German shipping firm. I will break the Covent Garden fruit ring into Mindora. I will erect cold-storage warehouses by the acre, and chilled fruit ours at 40s uniform shall be as cornering a rattle trucks on all our lines. I will develop under the cure of half a dozen picked canal officers from India such a scheme of irrigation (it will not cost more than three millions to begin with) as shall beat the Bara Doab, Colorado, and the Queensland colonies combined. Mr. Lascelles accepts everything calmly. He is young and has the divine faith. " In 20 years' time ! " he says, and his eye, with a budding eye on it, glows. " Ah, but it's all it gamble," I Make, haste to quality. " One has to take one's chances." " I'll take 'em," says Mr. Lascelles and when you come to think of it, a man who has been risking his life for a few weeks is not going to be deterred by the prospect of our fruit farm or half-a-dozen, for that matter, failing on his hands. . Meantime, will you please take note of the few (chains t have committed you to Became, in five years you will be lending money on them, and they will pay more than happy gold-reefs or South American Tramways. The teams are full of boys who, with a little steering, would settle here. Nixon, of Vancouver, for instance, is in real estate and life insurance when he is at home. He was also in the Canadian rush on the Paardeberg longer. Being a youth of cheerful and speculative temperament, he would be shrewd enough to pronounce on the chances of a new country if any one brought him the facts and figures and the fancies. As it is, he lies in bed with a bullet through his leg, and thinks about a Vancouver girl. Colliss, also a Western man, in real estate, would be another splendid recruit. He shed his blood for the country with a vengeance, the bullet merely missing an artery. He would stay in the country if properly approached. He is awfully proud of the fact that of 850 Canadians engaged in thin business not more than 4 GO are at this date available. And they were not cut down by sickness and cut off by patrols. ' We may assume, then, that among the hospitals lie 300 Canadians of the very stamp and breed we require-young, bound, clean, intelligent, well-educated, of whom 75 percent, hold or have held land. Three hundred possible heads of sale and soap. families. And not a man to show them maps and photos, and plans, to develop schemes to lure them to stay in South Africa. We shall let all these beautiful men, and hundreds and hundreds more go back to their own place and never lift a finger to stay them. Truly we are the most wasteful as we are the most idle nation under heaven ! Derby and Denniss and Crich and Neeld and Johnson and the young postman at Crieff, and my own post- man at Rottingdean he is here in a bearer com- pany), and the man that drives the big brewery waggon at Newhaven (he is here in the Black Watch, and washed at Magersfontein), must go home when the war is ended. Blessings and thanks go with them. They are all either Reserve men, their places waiting for them, or men of the regular line without a trade. But we aged Mylton when he gets better, and Nixon and CORDES and Lascelles and the Twins, and a few thousand more of their kidney to stay and inherit. For the land is a good land. It has been wilfully and wickedly starved-starved by policy and craft through many years left an incompetent race should be found out before the face of the nations. 