JOAN'S INEXPERIENCE. "Ruth, Ruth, it's very important; I want you " from the further side of my door. I had resolved to devote the morningto study, but mother being on the Contin- ent, I felt a certain responsibility for my beautiful younger sister. The "very im portant" decided me. "Wh$t is it?" I asked as she entered the room. "You'll never guess. Lord Avonmouth has proposed." "But you haven't accepted him?" I in quired, fearful that inexperienced Joan should trust her life to the man with the worst reputation in the county. "Why not?" "You don't know anything about him." "Don't I! He's the most charming man I ever met, and 1 certainly said 'Yes.' " "What will mother say?" I asked, as Joan, not at all discomfited at my cool reception of her news, left my room, hum ming the refrain of a song. Perplexed with the situation that had suddenly arisen, I went downstairs to find our old friend and neighbor, Jack Villiers, of whose presence the exigencies of the diplomatic service, to which he belonged, would soon deprive us. I told him of my trouble, and ended by asking his advice. Ten minutes later he said: "This is my idea. Joan is impression able. I have an old friend in town who lias a rare knack of fascinating girls. I'll get him doui for a week's shoot. If he devotes his time to Joan it may destroy lier inclination for Avonmouth." The plan seemed feasible. I prayed that Joan's affections would be diverted from their objectionable object. Two days later I received a note from Jack, saying that his friend had accepted the invitation, and was coming to-day. When I descended about luncheon time, Jack and his friend were the only occu pants of the drawing-room. "Let me introduce you to my old friend, Claud Blackwood," said Jack. I gave my hand mechanically. My thoughts were concerned with Joan's fu ture. Later I noticed that he had fine eyes, and there was plenty of him, but all the same I was disappointed. Perhaps I ex pected too much. Very soon Lord Avonmouth and Joan strolled in from the garden, and after the usual commonplaces we went in to lun cheon. Before half an hour had passed I discovered that Captain Blackwood fasci nated me, and to such an extent that I al most forgot my fears with regard to Joan,, She, too, seemed interested. Her white muslin dress, decorated with a red rose at her waist, showed off to advantage her rich young beauty. After lunch, while Joan and I awaited the men in the rose garden, I was strangely silent. I had only thought of Jack's friend. When the men had been with us some few minutes Jack manoeuvred . so that Captain Blackwood and Joan strolled off to inspect some ruins at the farther end of the park. - I "Well contrived," whispered Jack, as they disappeared- from our sight. » "Well contrived," I echoed absently. The next morning we assembled for a . ride, previously arranged. - Jack again managed that Captain Blackwood accom panied Joan. ... Though the knowledge that he left my side reluctantly gave me intense secret pleasure, I found myself surrendering to a desire for isolation; and soon I was. alone with the softly whispering trees. Their sadness had never seemed so at tuned to my mood before. Horses' hoofs, a beating of my heart, and Jack's friend drew rein before me. The whispering of the trees was so beau tiful I wondered I had not noticed it be fore. . f, : He did not speak. I summoned courage, to glanbe at, his face— only for a- moment. He was regarding me with sun-puckered eyes. ' - - „ "I had no idea you were so beautiful, he presently said. The world seemed aglow with rapture. "I think we had better find the others, I said; "I want to speak to Jack." "HaveT offended you?" He never knew the effort it cost me to curb his ardor when he reminded me of my self-imposed duty to Joan. Ten minutes later Jack was beside me. "Blackwood said you wanted me." "I want him to give all his time to Joan. Have you forgotten our compact?" He was so confused, that I said to him: "What's the matter?" Then, as he did not answer, "Surely you can tell me," I said. "I love Joan, have always loved her, and you know it's hopeless, hopeless, hope less." I- did not contradict him. A week passed, and Capta'n Blackwood, happily, was still among us. Our scheme, as far as Joan was concerned, had an swered admirably. She had been so dis tant to Lord Avonmouth that he had be taken himself to Paris. But I had saved Joan by compromising my life's happi- ness, I loved Captain Blackwood, and I feared with a great fear the day on which he would take his imminent depar ture. While he was near, I could be almost happy. But I knew the blackness that would supervene when he had gone. While he was near, I could be almost happy At last the moment of the dreaded day arrived when we were to say good-bye. He stood before me. I could not look at him. "Ruth ! " "Good-bye!" I whispered. "Not good-bye. Never good-bye.'' "Why?" I timidly whispered. "I love you, I love you." Then, after a pause. "Have you no word for me?" Duty to Joan alone restrained me from throwing my arms about his neck. "Have you no word for me?" I could not speak, I only shook my head. When I next had a consciousness of things he was gone. "Where's Ruth?" cried a voice. It was Joan's. I dried my eyes and summoned the ghost of a smile. "Here she is!" cried Jack's voice. They entered together. "Why didn't you come with us to the station? Captain Blackwood was in such a bad temper, we left him before the train started," said Joan. . 1 "A good job, too," from Jack. "Jack!" from Joan. "It is. Joan and I are engaged. I should never have asked if we hadn't found ourselves alone on the way — " "What?" I gasped. For answer Joan took Jack's hand in hers. "What about Lord Avonmouth?" I ask ed when a few moments later Joan and I were alone together. "I hate him. I always loved Jack, and I knew he loved me, but he wouldn't speak. I pretended to care for Lord Avonmouth as Jack was going away, and — what is the matter, Ruth?" I had no time and less inclination to explain. I seized a hat and hurried to- ward the station. Half way there I paused for breath. The warning whistle of a train seemed to stab my heart. "Come back, come back, my love," I cried. For answer, a cloud of white smoke that told me of the departure of the man I loved. All the same I pressed on. Ar rived at the station I almost fell into the arms of the stationmaster, who -prided himself on the flowers that decorated his station. "What's happened, miss?" "I want a gentleman, but he's gone." "There's a lunatic here, if that's him, miss." My attention was drawn to a knot of officials who "were watching a tall, well- built man who was "viciously striking the heads from the flowers with a walking cane. v "A lunatic," I. gasped. "Well, miss, he drove for a certain train but didn't go by it. Ever since he's been spoiling my flowers, and he looked so sav age none of us liked to interfere." At that moment the lunatic caught my eyes. He approached. It was the man I loved. "You!" "Yes, dear." Our eyes said all that was left unspo ken. — "Mainly About People." 