_ LYSBETH : A TALE OF THE DUTCH ? - ? :: | ? I :: ? CHAPTER V. THE DEEAM OF D1EK. On tbe d»y following Moutalro'siDtrrvii w with Black Meg Dirk rectived a nesBagefrcm that gentlt-man, sent to his iodgiDg by aD orderly, which reminded him that he had promised to dine with him tbis very Dight. Now he had no recollection whatsoever of any such t ngBgrment. Remembering with *-bame, however, that there were varitus incidents of the evening of the supper whereof his tremory was most imperfect, he concluded that thin must be ore of them. So mach agaitsr bin own ivihbes Dirk pent bark an answer to say that he would appear at Ihe time and place appointed. This was (he third thin? that bad happened to 1 Between the door and lintel something white thrusts itself, a woman's white face crowned with black hair.' annoy him that day. Fiisthe had met Pieter Van do Weiff, who informed him that all Lerden was talking about Lyebeth and the Captain Montalvo, to whom she was said to have taken a great fancy. Next, when he went to call at the house in the Bree titraat he was told that both Lysbeth and his ei usin Clara had gone out sleighing, which he did not believe, for as a thaw bad set in th6 enow was no longer in a condition suitable to that amuse ment. Moreover, he could almost have sworn that, as he crossed the street, he caught sight oE cousin Clara's red face peeping at him from between the curtains of the upstairs sitting-room. Indeed, he said as much to Greta, who, contrary to custom, had opened the door to him. ' I am sorry if Mynheer sees visions, ' answer ed that young woman imperturbably. '* I told Mynheer that the ladies had gone out bleighing.' ?' I know you did, Greta ; but why should they go out sleighing in a wet thaw ?'' ' I don't know, Mynheer. Ladies do those things that please them. It is not my place to ask their reasons.' Dirk looked at Greta, and was convinced that she wae lying. He put his hand in his pocket, to find to his disgust that he had forgotten his purse. Then b 9 thought of giving her a kies and trying to melt the truth out of her in this fasbioD, but rrmr mbering- that if be did, f-be misrht till L.ysbith, which would make matters worse than ever, refrained. So the tnd of it was thai he merely said, ' Oh ! indeed,' and went away. ' Gieat soft-head,' reflected Greta, as she watched his refreaJJDg1 form, ' be kDew I was telling lien, why didn't te push past me, or — do anything. Ah ! mynheer Dirk, if you are not cartful that Spaniard will take your wind. Well, be is mcTe amusing, lhat's certain. I am tiled of tbise dufk-focttd Leydeutrs, who daren't wiDk at a donkey l?st be should r.ray, and among such holy folk somebody a little wicked is rather a change.' Then Greta, who, it may be rrmcmber ed, came from Brussels, and haa French Hood in her veins, went upoteirs to make report to her mistress, telling her all that had passed. ' I did not ask you to .-peak falsehoods as to my being out sleighing and the rest. I told you to aDswtr that I was not at home, atd miud you Bay the Fame to the Captain Montalvo if ho calif,' said Lysbeth with si me acerbity as the dismissed her. In truth she was very sore and angry, and yet ashamed of herself because it was so. But things had gone bo horribly wring, and as for Ditk, he was the most exasperating p rs( n in the world. It .vas owing to his bad management aod lack of readiness that her name was coupled with Montalvo'e at every table in Leyden. And now what did she hear in a note from the Captain himself, cent to make excuses for not having called upon her after the supper party, but that Dirk was going to dine with him that night ? Very well, let him do it ; ebe would know hiw to pay him back, and, if necessary, was ready to act up to any situation which he had chosen to create. Thus thought Lysbeth, stamping her foot vith vi'xation, but all the time her heart was sore. All the time she knew well pnough that she loved Diik, and, however strange might be bis backwardness in speaking- out his niina, that he loved her. Arid yet t-he felt as though a river were running1 between them. In the beginning it had been a streamlet, but now it. was growing to a torrent'. Wor^e plill, the Spaniard was up- n her bank ( f the river. After he had to some extent conquered his shy ness and irritation Dirk became aware that be was really enjoyiDg hib dinner at Montalvn's quarters. There were three guests besides him. elf, t wo Spanii- bofficersar.d u young Netherlander of hisown class »nd sge, Brant by name. He was the only son of a noted and very wealthy golde-mith at the Hague, who had sent him to study certain mysteiies of the metsl woi kers' art under a Leyden jeweller famous for the evquisite beauty of his designs. The dinner and the service were binh of them perfect in style, but better than either proved the conversation, which was of a character that Dirk had never heard at the tables of his own class and people. Not that tbers was anything even broad about it, as might perhaps have been expected. No, it was the talk of highly accomplished and travelled men of the world, who had seen much and been actors in many moving events ; men who were not overtrammelled by prejudices, religious or other, ard who were, above all things, desiiious of making themselves agreeable and instructive to the stranger within their gates. The Heer Brant also, who hsd but just arrived in Leyden, showed himself an able and polished man, one that had been Educated more thoroughly than was usual among bis elbss, and who, at the table of his father, the opulent Burgomaster of the Hague, from his youth had associated with all classes and conditions of men. Indeed, it was there that he had made the acquaintance of Montalvo, who recognising him in the street had asked him to dinner. After the dishes bad been cleared, one of the Spanish officers rrpe and begged to be excused, as he had fome military duty to attend. When he had salutid his commandant and gone, Montalvo suggested that they should play a game of cards. Toiswasan invitation which Dirk would have liked to decline, but when it came to the point he did not for fear of seeming peculiar in tbe eyes of »hese brilliant men of the world. So they b?gan to play, and as the game was simple %-ery aeon he picked up rbe points of it, and what is more, found them amusing. At first the stakts were not high, but ihey doubled them solves in some automatic fashion, till Dirk was astonished to find that he was gambling for considerable sums and winning them. Towaids the last his luck changed a little, but when the game came to an end he found himself the richer by about three hundred and fifty florins, ' 'What am I to do with this ?' he asked, colouring up as with sighs, which in one instance were genuine enough, the losers pushed the money across to him. ' Do with it ?' laughed Montalvo. ' Did any body ever hear such an innocent ! Why, buy your lady-love, or somebody eke's lady-love, a present. No, I'll tell you a better use than this, you give us to-morrow night at your lodging the be6t dinner that Leyden can pr- duce, and a chance of winning some of this coin back again. 16 ic agreed ?' ' If the ether gentlemen wish it,' said Di'k modestly, ' thoujrh my apartment ib but a poor place for such company.' ' Of course we wish it,' replied tbe three as with one voice, and the hour of meeting having been fixed they parted, the Heer Brant walking with Dirk to the door of his lodging. ' I was going- to call on you to-morrow,' he said, ' to bring to you a letter of introduction from my father, though that should scarcely he needed at-, in fact, we are couBins — second cousins only, our mothers having been first cousins.' ' Oh ! yes, Brant of the Hague, of whom my mother used to speak, saying that they were kinsmen to be proud of, although she bad met them but little. Well, welcome, cousin ; I trust that we shall be friends.' ' I am sure of it,' answered Brant, and putting hi.n arm through Dirk's he pressed it in a peculiar fashion that caused him to start and look round. ' Huhd !' muttered Braut, ' not here,' and they began to talk of their late companions and the game at cards which they had played, an atnuser ent as to the propriety of which Dirk intimated that he had doubts. Young Brant shrugged his shoulders. ' Cousin,' he said. ' we live in the world, so it is as well to understand the world. If the ricking of a few pieces at play, which it will not ruin us to lose, helpe us to understand it, well, for my part I am ready to risk them, especially as it puts us on good terms with those who, as things are, it it* wise that we should cultivate. Only, cousin, if I may venture to say it, be careful not to take more wine than you oau carry with discretion. Better lore a thousand florins than let drop one woid that you cannot reioember.' ' ' I know, I know,'' answered Dirk, thinking of Lvsbeth's supper, and at the door of his lodgings they parted. Like most Netherlander, whra Dirk made up bis mind to do anything he did it thoroughly. Thus, having undertaken to give a, dinner parry, he determined to give a good dinner. Under ordinaiy circumstances his first idea would have been to consult his coasins, Clara and Lysbetb. After that monstrous story about the sleighing, however, which by inquiry irom ihe coachman of the house, whom he happened to meet, he ascertained to be perfectly false, thi*, for the young man bad some pride, he did not feel iuclined to do. So in place of it he talked first to his landlady, a worthy dame, and by her advice afterwards with the first innkeeper of Levcien,aman of resource and experience. The innkeeper, well knowing that this customer would pay for any thing1 which he ordereds threw himcelf into the affair heartily, with the result lhat by 5 o'clock relays of cooks and other attendants weie to be seen streaming up Dirk's staircase, carrying every variety of dish that could be supposed to tempt the appetite of higrh-class cavaliers. Dirk's apartments consisted of two rooms situated upon the fiist floor of an old house in a 8ti.ee- 1 that had ceased to be fashionable. Once, however, it had been a fine house, aud} accord ing to the ideas of the time, ths rooms themselves were fine, especially the bitting chamber, which was oak- panelled, low, and spacious, wiih a band some fireplace carrying the arms of its builder. Out of it — it had no other doorway — opened his sleeping room, likewise oak-panelied, with tall cupboards built into the wall, and a magnificent caved bedstead, not unlike tbe canopy cf a tomb in shape and general appearance. The hour came, and with it the guests. The feast began, the cooks streamed up and down bearing relays of dishes from the inn. Above the table hung a six- armed bras:) chandelier, and in each of its sockets guttered a tallow candle furnishing light to the company beneath, although outside of its bright ring there was shadow more or less dense. Towards the end of dinner a portion of the rush wick of one of these candles fell imo the brass (saucer beneath, causing the molten grease t - burn up fiercely. As it chanced, by the light of this sudden flare, Montalvo, who was sitting opposite to the door, thought that he Qaujrht sight of a tall, dark figure gliding along the wall to war .Is the bedroom. For one instant he saw it, then it was gone. '* Caramba, my friend,' he said, addressing Diik, whose bark was turned towards the figure, ' have you any ghosts in this gloomy old room of yours ? Because, if so, I think I have juat seen one.' ' Ghosts !' answered Dirk, 'no, I never heard of any ; I do not believe in ghosts. Take some more of that pasty.' Montalvo took some more pasty, and washed it down with a glass of wine. But he said no more about ghosts— perhaps an explanation - f of the phenomenon had occurred to him ; at any rate he determined to leave the subject alone. After the dinnei came the play, and this night tbe stakes began where iho^e of the previous night left off. For the first hour Dirk lost, then suddenly tbe lucked turned and he won heavily, but almost entirely from Montalvo Continued on F.ige 943. Lysbelli. A TALE OP THE DUTCH. Bt H. Btdeb Haggaed. Continued from Page 935u ' Mr friend,' said the captain at last, throw- . ing down his cards, *' decidedly you ate fated to be unfortunate in jrour matrimonial adventures, for the devil lives in your dice box, and his high ness does not give everything. I pass,0 and he rose from the table. ' I pass also,' said Dirk, following him into . the window place, for he wished to take no more money. ' Yon have been very unlucky, Count' he said. ' Very, indeed, my young friend,' answered Montalvo, yawning, ' in fact, for the next sis months I most live on — well — well, nothing, except the recollection of your excellent dinnar.' *' I am sorry,' muttered Dirk, confusedly, ' I did not wieh to take your money ; it was the turn of those accursed dice. See here, let us say no more about it.' ** Sir,' said DXontalro, witii a sudden stern ness, ' an officer and a gentleman cannot treat a debt of honour thus ; but,*' he added mth a laugh, ' if another gentleman chances to be good enough to change a debt of honour for a debt of honour, the affair is different. If, for instance, it would suit you to lend me four hundred florins, which, added to the six hundred which I hare lost tornight, would make a thousand in all, well, it will -be a convenience to me, though ; should it be any inconvenience to you pray do not ? think of jsuch aihing.' ' ? .** Certainly, .certainly/' answered Dirk, 'I -have won nearly as much as that, and here at my ; own table. Take them, I beg1 of you, captain,' : 'and Emptying a roll of gold into bis hand, he counted it with the skill of a merchant, and held it towards him. Moutalvo hesitated. Then he took the money, ?pouring it carelessly into his pooktt. *' You have not checked the«um,' said Dirk. *' My friend, it is needless,' answered his guest, ' your word is rather better than any bond,' and again he yawned, remarking that it was getting late. Dirk waited a few-momenta, thinking in his coarse, business- like way that the noble Spaniard might wish to say ebmething about a written acknowledgment. As, however, this did not seem 'to occur to him, and the matter was not one of -ordinary affairs, he led the way back to the table, where the other two were now showing their skill in sard tricks. A few minutes later the two Spaniards took their departure, leaving Dirk and his cousin Brant ; alone. : 'A very successful ovening,*' Baid Brant, 'and, couBiD, you won a great deal.' '.? .._?]. ' ' Yes,' answered Dirk, 'but all the same I .am a poorer man than I -was yesterday.' Brant laughed. ' Did he borrow of you ?' ha ; \- asked: * ? Well, I though lie would, -and what's j more, don't you- count onthat money. Montalvo i is a. good sort of fellow is his own fashion, hut fee is an extravagant man, and a desperate gambler, with a queer history, I fancy — at least, nobedy knows much about him, not even his brother officers. If you ask them they shrug their shoulders, and say that Spain is a big kettle full of all sorts of fish. One thing I do know, how ever, that he is over head and ears in debt ; ndej-d, there was trouble about it down at the Hague. So, cousin, don't you play with him more than you can help, and don't reckon on that rheueand florins to pay your bills with. It is a myetery to me 'how the fellow gets on, but I *ua ;x-til tbat a foolish old vrouw iu Amsterdamjent imn&a; lot till She discovered — but there, I don't alk -scandaL And now,' he added, changing ' Ms voice, ' is this place.private ??' ? ? . ** Let's see,' tsaid Dirk, ' they have cleated the ; things away, -and the old housekeeper has tidied , up my bedroom? Yes, I think so. Nobody ever ?; 'comes up here after 10 o'clock. What is it f' . Brant touched Iris arm, and, understanding 'the ?touch, Dirk led the way into the window-place. -There, standing with bis back .to lie room, and , 'his handB crossed in a peculiar fashion, he uttered . ihe ward, 'Jesus»' and paused. Brant also crossed his hands and answered, or, rather, continued, 'wept.' It was the password of those of 'the New Beligion. ** You are one of lm, cousin,' said Dirk. 'I and. all my house, my father, my mother, . my aster, and the maiden whom I am to many. They told me at the Hague that I mnst -seek of you or the young Seer Pieter van de Werff, inowl«Jge of those things which we of -the Faith, need to know ; who are to be trusted, and who are not to be trusted ; where prayer is held, and whBrawe -may partake «f the pure Sacrament of God the Son. Dirk took his cousin's band and -pressed it. The pressure was returned, and thenceforward ~brofcb.Br could not lave trusted brother more completely, lor now between them was the bond «f a common and burning faith. Such bonds, the -reader may «ay, tie ninety out of every hunlced of people to each other in the pre sent jear of grace, hut it is not to be observed that like mutual confidence results. No, because the ciroumstanoesliave changed. Thanks very largely toDirk van {Joorl -and hi6 fellows of that day,; 'espesialiy to one ^William of Orange, it is no i longer necessary for derout. and Gbd-fearing; people to creep into holes and corners, like, felonB ; hiding from^e law,*bit'they rnflyTTOrsbip the Aimiglity after, some fashion atPpure as it is . simple, knowing the while 4hat if they are. found .fioidoing- theif lot^nddhe lot sof their wiws and - children will be thB torment anl the fltake. Now. thethumbscrewTind the rack 38 instruments 'for the discomfiture of heretics are relegatedio-the dusty cases of museums. Bnt«ome ahort genera tions since all this was different, for then a, man who dared todisas^ee with (jertaun doctrines was treated with iarlese mercy 'than is imown to a dog on the vivisector'e table. Little wonder, therefore, -that those who lay nnder such a ban, those 'who wore continually walking in the cold shadow of each » dreadful doom, -dung to «aoh other, loved each other, «nd comforted each other to the .last, passing often. BBOBgh iand-inJuuMl ihi^o^h lie Jiery, gates to that country in which there is no more pain. To bB a member of the New 'Religion in the Nether- ' lands under the awful rale of Charles the Emperor - and Philip the King was to b& one of avast fam ily. It was not 'sir' or *' mistress' or ' madame ;' it was ** my father*' and 'my mother,' or ' my sister and my brother ; ' yes, and between people who were of very different status and almost strangers iu the flesh ; strangers in the flesh but brethren in (spirit. It 'will be understood that in these circum stances Dirk and Brant, already liking eaoh other, and being already connected by blood, were -not slow in coming to a complete under standing and fellowship. There they jsat in the -window-place telling eaoh other of their families, their hopes and fears, and even of their lady-lores. In this, as in every other respeot, Hendrik Branf e story was one of simple prosperity. He was betrothed to a lady of the Hague, the only daughter of a. wealthy wine merchant, who, according to his account, seemed to be as beautiful as she was good and rich, and they were to be married in the spring. But. when Dirk told him of hU affair, he shook his wise young head. ' You say that both she and her aunt are Catholics ? ' be asked. ' Yes, cousin, this is the trouble. I think that she is found of me, or, at any rate, she was until a few days since,'' he added ruefully, ' but haw can I, being a ' heretic,1 ask her to plight her troth to me unless I tell her?. Asd that, you know, is against the rale ; indeed, I scarcely dare to do so.'' j. ? ' Had you not beat consult with some -godly elder who by-prayer and word may more tibia ; lady's heart till the light shines on her P ' . asked. J3rant. ; ' Cousin, it has been done, but always there is I the other in the way, that red -nosed Aunt Clara, j who 1s a mad idolater ; also there is the serving* ; woman, Greta, whom I take for little better than a spy. Therefore, between the two of them I see little chance tbat Lysbeth will ever hear the truth this side of marriage. And yet now dare I marry her ? Is it right that I should marry her and therefore, perhaps, bring her too to some dread ful fate such as may wait for you or me ? More; . over, now since this man Montalvo has crossed my path, all things seem to have gone wrong between -me and Lyebetu ; indeed but yesterday her door was shut on me.' -' 'Women have their fancies,' answered Branf, slowly ; ' perhaps he has taken hers ; she would not be the first who walked, that plank. Or, perhaps, she is vexed with you for not speaking out ere this ; for, man, not knowing what you -are, how can .she read your mind f '' ' Perhaps, perhaps,' said Dirk, ?* but I know -not what to do,' and in his perplexity he struck his forehead with bis hand. , . ^ Then, brother, iu that ease what hinders that - we should ask Him who -can tell you f 'said Brant, calmly. . ' ? Dirk understood what he meant at once. 'It is a wise thought, and a good one, cousin. I '? 'have the Holy Book ; first let us pray, and then \ we can «eek wisdom there.' ; ' You are rich, indeed,' answered Brant ; ' sometime you must tell me how and where you came by it.' ' Here in Leyden, if one can afford to pay for them, such goods are not hard to get,' answered Dirk ; ' what is hard is to keep them safely, for to be io'und with a Bible in your pocket is to carry your own death-warrant.' ? Brant nodded. ' Is it safe to show it here f ' he asked. ' As safe as anywhere, cousin ; the window is shuttered, the door is, or will be, locked, but who can say he is safe this.side of the stake in a laud where the rats and mice carry news and the winds bear witness. Come, I will show you where I keep it,' and going to the mantelpiece he took ? down a candle-stick, a quaint brass, ornamented on its massive-oblong base with' two copper snails, and lit.the candle, ' Do ...you. .like' the piece ? ' he .asked ; '* it is my own design, which I cast and ' filed out in my spare hours,' and he gazed at the . holder with the affection of an artist. Then ? without waiting for an answer, he led the. way to the door of the sitting- room and paused. ;- Whit is it ? asked Brant. ' I thought I heard a sound, that is all, but doubtless the old vrouw moves upon the stairs. Turn the key, cousin, so ; now come on.' They entered the sleeping-room, and having glanced round and made sure that it was empty, and the window shut, Dirk -went to the head of the bed, -which wbb formed of oak-panels, the centre one carved with a magnificent coat-of ^arms, fellow to that in the fireplace of the sitting room. ? A.t thi&panel; Dirk began to -work, till presently it slid aside, revealing a hollow, out of which he took a book bound in boards and covered ith leather. Than, having closed the panel, the two young men returned to the sitting-room, and placed the volume upon the oak table beneath the ohandelier. *' First let us pray,'/ said Brant. It seems curious, does it sot, that 'two young men as a finale to a dinner party, and a gambling match at which the stakes had not been law, young men who like others had their 'weaknesses, for one of them, at any rate, could drink too much wine at times, and both being human doubtless bad further sins to bear, should suggest kneeling code iby.eide io offer prayers to their Maker before they studied tbe Scripture?.? But then In those strange days prayer, now' bo common ^and«o neglected} an ecer«Be, was an actualiuxury. To theBejJoor hunted men and -women it wasu joy 'to- be -able to kneel and offer thanks^and petitions to Gfld, believing, themselves Jto be safe from the fiword of those that -worshipped otherwise. Thus it came about ihat religion, being 'forbidden, was to them a very real and earnest thing, a thing to be indulged in at every ORpertnnity with solemn and grateful hearte. So there, -beneath, the light ?of the guttering -candlaB, they -fcneit*ide by ride ?whileBrsnt, speaking-for both of them, offered up a prayer— a sight touching enough and m its way beautiful. . The swords -of his petition do mot matter. He prayed for their Church ; he prayed for their -country that it might be made strong and free ; lie Bven prayed for the 'Emperor, the carnal, hare 4jfi»ecl, guwling, Ms Hajaborj: jetf aeekar. Then he prayed for themselves and all that were dear to them, and lastly, that light might be vouchsafed to Dirk in his present difficulty. 'So, not quite lastly, for lie ended with a petition ihat thnir enemies might be forgiven, yes, even those who tortured them -and burnt them at the stake, since they knew not what they did. It may be wondered whether any human aspirations could have been more thoroughly steeped in the true spirit of Christianity. When at length he had jfinuhed. they rose from - their knees. ' '*? ' ' Shall I open the Book at a hazard ? ' asked Dirk, lf and read what my eyes falls on? ' ?'.? ~ '*' No,' answered Brant, V'*-r jt savpixrs «f S «uperstition ; thus did the ancients -with thff ' writings of the poet Virgilius, and it is not fitting tbat we who hold the light should follow the example of those blind heathen. What work of the Book, 'brother, are you studying now ? ' ' The first letter of Paul to the Corinthians, which I have never read before,' he answered. ' Then begin -where you left off, brother, and read your chapter. Perhaps we may find instruc tion in it ; if not, no answer is vouchsafed to us to-night.' So from the black-letter volume before him Dirk began to read the seventh chapter, in which, as it chances, the great Apostle deals with the marriage state. On he read, in a quiet even voice, till he came to the twelfth and four following verses, of which tLe last three run : ' For the unbelieving husband is sanctified by the wife, and . the unbelieving wife is sanctified by the husband ; ; else were your children unclean ; but now they are holy. But if the unbelieving depart, let him . depart. A brother or a sister is not under bond* ; age in such cases ; hut -God has called us to peace, . For what knowest thou, O mail, whether thou !- shalt save tby wife f ' '.*-.? . ; Dirk's -voice trembled, and he paused. . 'Continue to the end of the chapter,' said Brant, so the reader went on. There is a sound behind them. They do not hear it, but the door of the bedchamber behind them openB ever bo little. They do not see it, but between the door and lintel something white thrusts itself, a woman's white face crowned with black hair, and set in it two evil, staring eyes. -? Surely, when first he raised his head in Eden, Satan might have worn such a countenance as this. It cranes itself forward till the long, thin neok seems to stretch ; then snddenly a stir or a movement alarms it, and back the face draws like the crest of a startled snake. Back it draws, and the door closes again. The chapter is read, the prayer is prayed, and strange may seem the answer to that prayer, an answer to shake out faith from the hearts of men ; men who are impatient, who do not.know that as I the light takes long in travelling from* distant ; star, so the answer from the Godhead to the «up- ; '.plication of trUBtmay be long in coming. It may ?. not come to-day or to- morrow, it may not .come ' in this generation or this century ; the jirayer of i to-day may receive its crown when the children's . children of the lips that uttered it have in their! turn vanished in the dust. And yet that Divine j reply may in no wise be delayed ; even as our liberty of .this hour may be the fruit of those who ; ,died when Dirk van Goorl and Hendrik Brant . walked upon the earth ; even as the .vengeance that but now is falling on the Spaniard may be the reward of the deeds of ^hame that he worked upon them and upon their kin long generations gone. For the Godhead is still the Godhead, and the star is still the star ; from the one flows justice and from the other light, and to them time and space are naught. Dirk finished the ohapter and closed the book. ' It seems that you have your answer, brother,' said Biant quietly. ' Yes,' replied Dirk, ' it is written long enough : — ' The unbelieving wife is sanctified by the husband . .- . how knowest thou, O man, j whether thou shalt save thy wife? ' Had the : Apostle foreseen my case he could not have set the , master forth more clearly J' ?',? ; 'He, nr the Spirit in him, knew all cases, and : wrote for every man that ever shall be born,' ; answered Brant. '* This is a lesson to us. Had ; ^on looked sooner you would have learned sooner, ? and mayhap much trouble might have beenj spared. As it is, without doubt you must_make haste and speak to her -at once, leaving the rest with God.' ' Yes,' said ' Dirk, ' so soon as may be, but there is one thing more ; ought I to tell her all the truth P ' ' I should not becareiul to hide it, friend, and now, good night. No, do not come to the door with me. Who ean tell, there may be watchers without, and it is not wise that we should be seen together so late.' When his cousin and new-found friend had gone Dirk sat for a while, till the guttering tallow lights overhead burned to the sockets Indeed. Then, taking the candle from the snail-adorned holder, he lit it, and, having extinguished those in the chandeliers, wept into his bedroom and un- ?: dressed himself. The Bible he returned to ita hiding-place and -closed the panel, after which he blew oat the light and climbed into the tall bed. Asa rule Dirk was * moat excellent sleeper ; . when he laid his head on the pillow his eyes closed, nor did they open again until the appointed and accustomed hour. But this night he could not sleep. Whether it wss the dinner or the wine, - or the gambling, cr the prayer -and the fearohing of the Scriptures with his isouainSrant, the result remained the same ; he -was vary -wakefuL which annoyed him the more as a man of SnssapeaBd; phlegm found It hard to attribute this unrest to any of these trivial causes. Still, as vexation would not ^nafee him sleep, he lay awake -watching, the moonlight flood the chamber in broad bars and thinking. . - ? Somehow as Dirk thought thus he grew dfraid ; it aeemed to him as though lie shared that .place with another -presence, an evil and malignant presanoe. 'Never in his life before had he troubled over oi been troubled by tales of spirits, jet now . he remembered Montalvo's remark about a ghoet, sad of a«urety 'he -felt «s thongh one were present there. ? In tiris fltrange and *ew alarm he sought for comfort and could think of hone save which an old and simple pastor had recommended to him in all hours of doubt and danjrer, namely, if it could be had, 4piClqap a Bible io hie heart and jpnyr. Well, both things -were easy. Raising himself . %f in bed, in a moment he had taken the book from -X Us hiding-place and closed the panel. Then \'i- presaing it against his breast between himself and -^ the mattress he lay down again, and it would *-^ seem that the charm worked, for presently he waa H asleep. ?? j| Yet Dirk dreamed a very evil dream. He ':?:.' dreamed that a tall black figure leaned over him, . f and that a long white hand was stretched out to V| his bed-head where it wandered to and fro, till at % last he heard the panel elide home with a rattling; -i ^Qlsp^fe- - .?- ' ? . ' ? - ? ' M (^^&pft4t; seemed to hira ihat he wnke, and Ihat % Tpmr^q*; -met two eyiss bent down over him, eyes : - % which searched him as fliongh they would real ? the veiy secret of his heart. He did not stir, - '. he could not, but lo ! in this dream of his the figure straightened itself and glided away, ap pearing and disappearing as it crossed the bars ol moonlight until it vanished by the door. - A while later and Dirk woke up, indeed, to find vj that although the night was' cold enough the .? sweat ran in big drops from his face and body. ' But no if strangely enough his fear was gone, and, : knowing that he had but dreamed a dream, ha turned over, touched the Bible on bis breast, and fell sleeping like a chDd, to be-awakened only by the light of the rising winter sun pouring on his face. Then Dirk remembered that -dream of the by gone night, and his hsart grew heavy, for it seemed to him that this vision of a dark woman 5 searching- his face with those dreadful eyes waa a ?: portent of evil not far away. . % To be Continued. . «f ?? ? ?-- ?' ' ' ' ' '' '? - - ?' % 