II. Major. Hartley, waa choleric with rage as, aext day he hurried int», the schoolroom. * I've said it before, [ sir, but without effect. I now repeat it, and look to you, Mri Baplinghaui, to put the order,, into execution. Marble playing in the public thoroughfare must oeas« at once I' ex- claimed the Chief Constable. . . I will see to it, Major Battley,' softly . esponded the schoolmaster., The major surveyed the assembled I scholars from beneath contracted brows. 'I wonder if he spotted usP' whispered ' Harry Tuft to his neighbour. ' No 1' replied Dan Shawley. ; ' Old Baplingham daren't give us away/ I chuckled Tuft. ¡ 4 Shut up 1' said Dan. 'Old Bap's shivoring in . hisVshoes. Doesn't he look miserable. : I ', say, Dan, if--' ??'"?Ç-^ ' Shut up !' And Dan gave his friend an effective poke in the ribs. 'It's simply disgraceful/ continued the major, ' that a lady cannot step from her carriage in the public road without trip- ping over marbles left about by a 'set of young scallywags/ 'I trust the lady was not injurëd/ said Mr. Baplingham, who would have given a month's salary to know whether his parr-, ticipation in the game of marbles was sus- pected by the major. * Nothing beyond bruises/ testily re- plied the Chief Constable, 'but ladies don't like tumbling about in the road, and this is the third complaint I've received from ladies who have slipped and fallen over these young monkeys' playthings. This time the victim was one of my own family The lady was getting out of the carriage to pick a bunch of berries at the roadside ! she gathered a bunch of bruise« instead.' He glared across at the shivering, boy, and added: 'I'd give the young ripsr whp'.left.(the márbless on the footpath à cool licking'if I could lay'hands,on them. But the little cowardé ran away when they saw' the mis? chief they had done, and they haven't the courage to own up now.' The schoolmaster released) a'breath of glad relief. The boys had .run away; therefore it was probable that his own share in the game was unsuspected: * Me glanced at Dan Shawley., Would he con- fess P ' , ' I'll birch the first boy th« police catch marble playing, in the public highway V declared the Chief Constable and, strutted I out-of school. I, Mr. Baplingham watched , him, and the ghost of fa. smile illumined his thin lips and sparkled faintly through his glasses the smile of - danger averted. He was so absorbed that he did not see Dan* Shawley slip out through a back classroom, from which he hastened down a back thorough- fare thet slid gently down'into the Higk Street. Then he stopped and gazed anxiously ix all directions. But the major was not ir sight.r ' He can't have got out of sight if he came this way/ commented Dan, 'yet ht isn't.in sight anyway; therefore he didn'i come this road ; therefore he went acrosi the i fields, which is the only other way/ Euclid had not been dunned into Dat Shawley's head for nothing. He turned pi I his his ' heel and retracing his Bteps dashed past the school and gained th« ! fields; ! Half < a mile ' distant the maj er wai I quietly pursuing his way towards th< Battleys' residence, the smoke from i , cigar leaving the trail of a miniature ex press train. 1 ' Dan hopped across the stile and startet in .pursuit. The country was fiat as a pancake ant ¿well-nigh: naked of vegetation. In 4h< distance clustered a few weather-beaten partly dismantled hayricks. The f ootpatf passed the ricks ; the major followed thi winding footpath ; Dan Shawley struck J ? bee-line across the sodden fields, hopiñg t intercept the major near the cluster. Thus it came about that Dan saw th man concealed behind the largest of th hayricks» while the major remained ignoi ant of the fellow's presence. More thai that, Dan saw that thy fellow in hidin, held a rifle, and, more suggestive etil was taking an occasional sight at th Chief Constable's approaching nguri using a corner of the rick that sheltere him from view as a gun rest. Dan's heart began to bump at the dû covery. The man's motive was obviousl to. shoot Major Battley as soon as tho gallant officer should present a goo enough target. Dan's mouth opened t omit a yell of warning ; but it snapped 1 again without emitting the yell. Theu itwas that Dan, who could rm began to do it ; and as he ran, his eye wild-looking and feverish, twitched to an fro in the lines of sight that respective] covered the chief constable and his wai ing- assailant. Twice within the next two minuti Major Battley stood still, obvious' hesitating between continuing his prese) route and returning to the town, and c .each occasion the man behind the ha; rick took careful aim, while Dan Shawley throat, filled with a ready shout < warning. But the major continued his way, ai Dan gained distance at each moment * indecision. The ground was soft after the autun floods^ but for that the man, intent upon h victim, must have heard the flying step Tot he didn't ; and to Dan it was just quostion whether the major would pai the hayrick-and get shot-before 1 himself could get within touch of tl shooter. . The first of the duster of hayricks shi the major from the, boy's eyes< Di shovelled on the coal, of determinate j uatilhis voice broke in such, resounding soba that only the intensely absorbing nature of the deed he was about to commit could have prevented them from reaching the desperado's ears. But the latter was peering intently round the rick, and his ears were only for the major's firm footsteps on the gravel footway. Suddenly, between the ricks, tho major caught a glimpse of the flying sohoolboy, and marvelling, stood still. That was the' desperado's opportunity. Twenty, yards or so separated the shooter and the mah to he shot. The desperado ran his eye along the sightless barrel. « Now, my gallant major 1' he muttered, ' I've got yer ! Last year yon-got.me six months' hard for poachin'-with violence. That was your day ; this is ' ' The man with the gun felt something at his ankles, and with thoughts of a stray dog, kicked backward with a vigorous foot. Then he tried to turn round and attack his adversary from the front ; but Dan Shawley dragged the second ankle so vigorously from under the man's body that the latter fell face forward to the ground with the helpless thwack of a man taken unawares. * Crack!' cried the rifle, for the fellow's hand had been ready on the trigger. 