THE MILLIONAIRE AND MENDIGANT. THE parable of THE k:CH and POOR. THE IT was up afar in the Milky Way, 1 Where tne spirits released from mortal clay Wing hopefully on their starward flight Unto that gate of dazzling light Where stern ,but just, the janitor, St. Peter, keeps Heaven's crystal door, That a Mendicant's Spirit with timid air Encountered the soul of a Millionaire. '1 he Wraith of Dives looked smug and sleek, As though, to find, he had but to seek. Aside the modest spectre shrank Before the ghost who had owned a bank ; And as he passed—said the millionaire :— " (Jue dial'U taites vou< dans cede galore ? On earth you were never worth a pin, And a pauper can scarce do aught but sin ; It takes a man with £ s. d. To win Heaven's fate by charity." The Mendicant sighed a ghostly sigh, Like a breeze's echo passing by, As he bowed his head with a humbled air, And answer made to the Millionaire • " 'Tis true on earth I could not save But when I could I freely gave ' A little sou unto the poor 'Twas all I had—I could no more." The Millionaire, with raucous crow, Laughed loud, " Is that all you could go'' Ten guineas I to the Empire gave To help the widows of the brave. Five thousand times as much ! Farewell Heav'n opes to me! You go to Hell/' ' The Mendicant shrank him aside The Millionaire passed on in pride And confidence to Heaven's gate, Convinced that he'd not have to wait • • » ; The Beggar stood with lowered head When to him thus St. Peter said :— " Th y gift was small, a paltry sou, But what it cost you Heaven knew, And trifles when they're freely given Find favour in the sight of Heaven The act was free and nobly done- Take thy deserv'd reward- pass on * • • St. Peter then with frowning air Thus spake unto the Millionaire • — " Five thousand times hit paltry gift You gave from out your hoarded thrift, Yet his outweighed five thousand fold Thy more than paltry dole of gold. Had'st thou five thousand pounds bestowed It scarce had less'd thy golden load. His gift in charity was made, Whilst you g, when in the balance weighed Js tivo ten thousand times more light lhan Ms poor sou in Heaven's sight. Bit, talent small he used right well. He merits Heaven— You go to Hell!" 