BOOKS AND BOOKMEN. Amono new books and new editions. the'.'following arc noteworthy:-A third edition of Bryce's Impression* of South Africa, which'has been thoroughly- revised, and to which have been added a new prefatory ..chapter dealing with the e'Vents whieli have induced the'present frisis and tho text of.the- Trausvaal.Conventions ot 1831 find 1884; M'^'Iillan's library of English classics, a new edition of soia^bl' tlicr stardard works of English literature. Tli'd boolcs arc to contain no fresh edUorial matter with tlJti'S exception -of a bibliographical note to each book from the pen of Mr. A. W. Pollard. Tho aim of the publishers is'to present- typographically perfect l-eprints of thebestexisting texts." .During tho current year twenty-five volumes are to appear beginning with the Travels of Sir John Mnudc.ville, with ft lustra live Narratives From, Hakluyt. Three new volumes designed as reading books for schools aro to be published by M'Millan. The Courtesy Header contain ing extracts from various" authors intended to eneouniyo good manners -AKipling Header and an edition of Miss Carey's Nellie's Memories for girls' schools. A second edition of Dr. Parkin's TJfe of Edward T/irinr/ will shortly appear with somo re-arrangement of material and the excision o£ matter originally inserted as of interest for those personally associated with Uppingham School, of which Thring was headmaster. A Treasury 0(jicerji>\" iVooiny, by Cecil Low is (M'Millan and Co.), consists of two very definite pavtn, the first when the sceno''. is laid in 13urmah, and a certain charm is derived from its iinfamiliarity, the second when tho sceno is moved to England, and the setting bccomes commonplace. As to the story, it is throughout commonplace, and includes a tragic incident out of ad proportion to its place in the scheme of the book. It is quite easy reading and contains nothing .very startling, even tho Burmese surroundings do not differ materially from those of .many Indian stories. Tho characters of tho hero and heroine are not.' ill-drawn, they are of a very ordinary type, but tho "other man" is not well done, lie is much more objectionable than tho author seems, to realise or to intend. Tho man and women .get engaged to tho. wrong peoplo, as is to bo oxpected in a book of this kind, but by a judioious shuffling of partners,all is happily re-' arranged to the tune of " Tho Voice That Breathed O'er Eden." Mr. Clement Scott has published-his reminiscences in what it is the fashion'to call "two handsome volumes," under tho title oE The DraDui of Yesterday and To-day (M'Millan and Co.), and wo cannot help wondering-how many people will read it all. As a storehouse of information about the theatre and the aotors from the early forties to tho present day, it, will, no cloubt be invaluable, but it is not a- book to -be read straight through by tho ordinary reader..* Tho ordinary reader, indeed, is likely to got a little weary of-reading what Mr. Cloment .Scott said a good many years ago about some particular actor in somo not very noteworthy periodical, and also of tho reprints of very longthy pro grammes. Mr. Scott, than whom no ono is better informed on this subject, regards the drama of tho Vic torian era, as " without doubt a most interesting, varied, and most exhaustive study. In it wo travel from tho time of tho patent thoatres, special monopolies and protectionist i>rivilegos, all supposed to liavo boen instituted in tho interests of art, but -which ..un questionably retarded its progress to tho heioic and heart-breaking struggle . for better things at Covimt Gulden, Drary Lime, find elsewhere, with J??"®' be ever connected the honoured name ot Vulliam Charles Macready." Mr. Scott loves the actors, he clasps them to his critical bosom in a very fervour of enthusiasm, but, i the truth must be told, he occasionally bores. It nmj be interesting to note what Mr. Scott has to say of his '.own method ol' writing his noted dramatic criticisms. " The great crux to me has ever been the .first sentence leading to the opening paragraphs. Once get that clear -and then all was plain sailing. The criticism seemed to flow naturally when the tap was turned on. J. woulcl never have dared on any night to have entered a news paper office without having my first sentence cut and dried." In a book of this kind, one looks for a fund ot anecdotes and good stories, but one finds it very limited. The following are fair samples of the most entertaining parts of Mr. Scott's two volumes. "When Paul Herring (a very famous pantomimist and clown) was just recovering from typhoid fever in St. Thomas' Hospital, he faintly asked a nurse to give him something to drink. ' Certainly Sir,' she answered, and oil the instant tendered him a glass of fresh filtered water. Pie put up his hand mo-st feebly and said in.a gin-and-fog tone of voice, 'If you pleasegood sister, give it to mo in a salt spoon until I get used to it.' This is how Douglas Jerrold, the playwright, the Dramatic Critic, the editor of Llui/cl's lJui>cr " went for" Charles Kean in his own paper or ialJiuieh. "Elevation of the Drama, Cn the Murnuaj Herald there was a long criticism on "A Midsummer Nights Dream" as usual written "on the premises," in which the retained critic declares that Mr. Kean has elevated the National Drama '.' .And so he has. Ho has hung it on a clothes peg." When a little lad of nine or ten Clement Scott was taken by George Boss, better known under his nora de-plume or Arthur Sketehley, and another friend the Lady ,of Lyons. The child suddenly intprfJjtigfjBjS? his nursery governess in the process of haii'-bi'^shing-'-tO" remark, " I wonder if I shall be very frighteueil Avh^ji She gets into the cage ?" The cage my dear; Iwlm/T, cage ? I know nothing about a cage, you are xoiftg to' the play 1 To which the child replied .'WhaM3agps? why the Lady of Lions 1" 'V^V' Some Experiences of an Irish iJ.il/., by Martin lloss and E. Somerville, with illustrations by the latter lias just been published in Longman's Colonial Library. The experiences are those of Major Yeates, Itesident Magistrate, and date from his arrival in Ireland to take up his duties, and liis residence in a house much in want of repair, and said to be haunted by the ghost of great 'uncle MacCarthy who is, however, ultimately materialised and dislodged. Major Yeates' adventures are varied and not always in strict conformity with the position he holds, but they aro extremely well told, with a good deal of humor, which is not overdone, and is al ways kindly. The various characters who appear are skilfully differentiated-Slurry Knox, who looked like a gentleman among stableboys, and a stableboy among gentlemen-his sometime rival, a navy man, whose colossal ignoranco of horses is only equalled by the. con fidence with which ho attempts to rido and drive-old Mrs. Knox whoso sporting instincts lead her to follow the hounds in a donkey chair, Philippa tho Major's wife, and a delightful porson, to say nothing of the cook, Mrs. Cndogan, with her pious wish, that tho dovil may. roast Julia MacCarthy, that went loggia' it down to tho^ fair like a wild goose. Thero is only ouo story iu tho book which wo should like to see omitted, and that is The 1 Tut era of Strife. The Authors have treated the cloublcj tragedy oi! tho story in tlie siiuio casual way that they write of the races at Lisheen or Philippas' fox-hunt. The tragedy is no now one, exeit- , mt j . ing to the murder of one you til, and tlio di .I'avaii-'. of his murderer, who escape.3 to .England, ? . |;js ' '"j subsequently dies, of course, -jiisfc at tlio : :,0' t| ' Major iTofttea is a guest at the regimental «. Xhc subject is not a IntinoroaaJjono, and ona c.i:v. . ? gret its inclusion in a volume such a s this, w . ,c ^ rest are full of humor, for thoVauthors havj n . reUi ui that the method of treatment which i.3 so'ej., >ic:i jmi successful else who vp throughout thj.-bxA- i a.i-ejji spieuously unsuitable in- this connection, . Winj on the I.ac.>t by J. A. Stowari (H:t!chi:i;>,) j. , very unaltractivo story. The hero i.3 tho sr.i a'v,,, wealthy brewery poor, who .-having ..'coma , drunkard" from the slum.*, investigates with !iU c,^ . pany tho various public-houses of tho Easi'jin i jm<I condition of things in that part of Londoft. M ,..,1,,, ; say ho in convinced oE tho unrighteon ,.t' |. ' father'^ business whioli causes unpleasantn-. ,, i:i t.!'. family, and eventually ho is shot in the stic.-i. !n with Dick, hia cicerono, but why tho aulh ,i- r. necessary to kill these two is (liliienlt lo sc e. i;,ou....' undoubtedly as far as Dick was concerne l it hm ; i( m',, desirable consummation. Nor ij i quite p'uin wl-.v tli ? hero's younger brother should havo died, o.- induct havo been introduced at all, or why a great many tbin^; that occur in tho book should bo considered to have an. relevancy-in point of fact it is nob quito 'plain ihat,, tract against drunkenuesa and another against narrow-' mindedness would not havo done equally wjI, and spared several no.vel readers quite an ainu-uciubio amount of borodom. Miritmht of I ha Balcony is a clovcr story by ,\\. \v, Mason (MacMillan & Co.), which haj caught ill jiopular taste, tho first exlensivo edition way oxlmuslnl soon as it appeared. ..The plot displavs eon -sl^eri>bl5Scgenuity, tho characters avo well drawn an-1 scnietMi^JSut ot' tho common, and tho intercut b austaineclfmaTOUghout. It must bo admitted Unit the ^wtrcesjs ofS^jjjifbiiing by which Major Ambrose Wiltn-ahnm re^ji&p; hiiipaqnclusioiis are not a little suggestive of ^herlockJFoTmjbs, but after all this is a very littlo pint '^^hn-rgtory/ A good deal of tho scene is laid in 4>, i',l»^^r'n amongst the Moors, and is not without someoT" that vindictivo cruelty and barbarity which, ao least in fiction, is characteristic o£ that part of tin; world. Miranda of the Balcony is an excellent oxmiipl of the novel of incident and action while tho delineation of the characters is always skilful and attractive, if tin." characters themselves are not always such as we should .feol drawn to. Tho picture of Wilbraham, morally ami socially ruined and - an unscrupulous scoundrel, yet re taining as his ono ambition tho desire lo adequately translate the odes oE Horaco is very ably presented. Tho characters are all thoroughly human and it is im possible not to feel somo measure of sympathy with the best as woll of tho basest of them. ! ' Euclid's I'Jleiiiaiitii of Geometry Boohs I-lV has hern edited for tho use of. schools by Charlos Smith, M.A., and Sophie Bryant, D.Sc. (London, MacMillan <V Co.). Tho authors have treated tho subject ":in Euclid's order and manner,, but with no special regard for the exact words of Simson's translation, which appears to have been .scvupulonslyi.followed by many IDnylish olitots." Soma, of the progfs are different from Enelid's, e.>;. in propositions 0 aiiil 10 in Book II whero tho equality to bo established-is shewh directly from the.diagram." hi the third book, propositions 2i3, 27, 23,'2'J avo p.' vod l r superposition which has tho advantage ttuii. im'-u im - position being proved independently of tho others, it is f ijnneee.'-"-.to remember the order in v.hich thev occm S This ndi nit ago is one which will commend its,, l? | to 111O"' schoolboys and schoolgirls. in deali,V, | n-itli tin, axioms, the authors, while including t £ I axiom that all right angles are equal, remark that tii ?assumption is not necessary since it cinjje ,;^d, and later on the proof is give" l'mpasu.??./irtSm Book: I is considerably shorter than in |'most te.v hooks, and thereby gains in simplicity mV I juduuih.'. which is not always the accompaniment nf In the new matter are included alter,T ?tivo pruo.s of propositions 12 and 13 in Book Tl ' ' I jaiogou. the proof of I, 47. The authors however d0" ."ot cliuui originality for this method which thev remnvt in a foot - j(Me, isgiven inLardner's Euclid, London Vroq bat cannot be traced earlier. The book contains .iai'Kc number of exercises and miscellaneous theorem* and probi'.'ms, some of which are completely worked while in others the method of solution is merely inrfi cated Abbreviations are used in-the proofs whereve, yossil.le, and useful hints are gi ven to students as to tho hsst iorni in which to present work for The figures are very clear and iu every respect the Lai' tio/i is onu to bo recommended. .. +-ii w Jh'iulcrx are jnst what their title implies, reading books especially adapted for Aus tralasian schools. They are in outward form of type, paper, and. everything tbnt is excellent and they are profusely illustrated while the selections have been ad mirably chosen. It has been the aim of the publishers to provide Australian children with subjects which are or should, be of special interest to them while at the same time by including matters of general importance, to foster a spirit somewhat broader than that of paro chialism. The series of Hcadcvx goes from Hook I. to Book Y, in the first three lists of new and more difficult words precede the lessons, in the other two books ex planations of words and phrases likely to be mis understood are placed at the end of the volume. In some cases of the extracts the language has been adapted in order to bring it within the capacity of the children for whom the book is intended. The selections are of various forms, and from various sources, some of the ] authors represented in Book IV, for example, are Ethel Turner, Adam Lindsay Gordon, Tennyson, Sir Samuel Baker, Bussell Lowell, A. B. Wallace, Sir Henry Parkes, Charlotte Yonge, Cowper, Kendall. Books II and III contain stories from Scripture in simple lan guage, but are also supplied without these stories. Pupils who use the later books are considered to lm able, to read the Bible for themselves. , - - Ex-Priest Slattery, who is lecturing at Auckland, has had hurled at him a few lyddite shells by the New Zealand Tablet:-" A man who was discharged -from the sacred ministry for intemperance, \vho was sentenced to a term of imprisonment for the', sale of indecent literature, who seems incapable of truth telling, and who, for filthy lucre, has; associated himself with a female imposter in a crusade o£ abominable invective against the purity of the manhood and the womanhood of the Catholic Church-this is the latest witness of evil against lis that has come to our shores." HKitK are some interesting-selections from Australian stories by English authors :-Grasping his faithful billy in his right hand, he crept .fearfully towards the head of the gully where the bear lay asleep in the sun." "Leaving the Dandenong at sunrise, he travelled as fast as his good steed could carry him, hoping to reach Port Phillip at latest within live or six days." " On a ranch near the Australian Alps." " So leaving Wellington to the euphonius greetings of the natives ringing in our ears, we set our faces for home, reaching Sydney on the following evening." 