THEB O0M PAUL OF CHINA. The Dowager Empress of China, said by some people to be the cause of the present disturbances, Is not of Imperial, or even noble blood. She was the child of poor parents living In the suburbs of Canton, but, like the milkmaid of the song, she had a fortune in her face. She becanse a sort of Chinese Nell Gwynne. A famous General was attracted by her beauty, and straight way bought her. From the General she passed to Hslen Feng, who, like Charles II. of merry memory, was not fortunate in war, but had an excellent taste where female THE DOWAGER EMPRESS OF CHINA. (From a sketch in the London "Daily Gra ptic," guaranteed as faithful.) beauty was concerned. He had already a legitimate wife, but the customs of China enabled him to place a second wife very nearly on the same level with the first. When HEsen Feng died, he bcoueathed the crown to his son Tung Chi, but the Regency was divided between the two wives, with a secret power to veto to the legitimate spouse. This lady was of a yielding dis poEitlin, and had no thste for the cares of State. Hence her rival became the chief power in the Empire, and her force of char acter soon made itself felt. Sh dismissed the Council of Regency appointed under the will of the late Emperor, and made her bro ther-in-law, Prince Kung. Prime Minister. None the less, she held the reins of go vernment firmly in her own grasp. In pro ces of times the Emperor Tung Chi reached his majority. Then one fine day the legiti mate widow died, and very shortly after wards the Emperor also died. Scarcely had the young monarch given up the ghost than the surviving Dowager declared that the child of one of her sisters, married to the seventh Prince Chun by name, had been adopted by her late husband, and she ac cordo ngly proclaimed him Emperor. This was the present Emperor, Kwang-su, then a boy four years old. From 1S75 to 189 the Dovwaged Empress ruled China with great filrmness and no little wisdom. Then aKwang-su was declared of age, and was publicly endowed with the powers of go vernment. Kwang-su nevertheless con tinned under the authority of his masterful aunt, and for all practical purposes the go vernment remained in her hands. After the dhsastrous war with Japan, however, Kwang-su seems to have come to the con clusion that China needed swholesale re forms, and under the influence of a certain Nang-Tu-Wei he issued on hla own account a number of edicts, which very much aston ished the conservative Mandarins. The re suit was a "coup d'etat," organised by the Dowager Empress, and which once again placed her at the hetad of afkairs. Since then the Emperor has been a cypher and a prisoner. 