Lout and Won, m IV, CHAPTER XXI (COTLrNUED). After she had been sitting at the foot of the cross for several minutes, h"l she said, with a sweet smile: 'Maude, if you look at me in that fashion everyone who sees you will sa begin to wonder what is the matter.' th 'Do I look as though I loved you so il dearly, mamma?' 'You do indeed, my dear child.' sil 'Then I am glad,' I said.- 'After it. all the long weary years of yearning, us how can I show my love for you d enough?' h 'Perhaps I shall require one great proof of your love, Maude. " If so, I am sure you will stand the test. And s now, my darling, as we have some time before the ' Atigelus' bell rings W at midday, tell me your story, all that fa you know and remember about your self.' I told it to her as I have told it in sF these columns. A. .. told her how I was driven mad, and how in my madness I ran away, vowing never in life to look upon at them again. I told her there was e) only one man in this world whom I should ever like, and that was my m cousin, Galahad, even though he had w wished me dead. There was no room in my heart for any other, at ' You know, mamma,' I said, 'the love of the St. Neots is 'fixed and fatal.'' 'You should not have condemned st him unheard, Maude,' said my dear gi mother. re ' You would never have condemned ir him at all, you are too good,' I sl answered. ' But heloved Lady Maud w Trent. There was no mistake in the C world about that, mamma. I should tr think they are married by now.' s But my mother did not seem con vinced. 'You should have spoken to him, k Maude, my darling, before you left,' ti she said. ' I do not view his conduct i quite in the same light that you do. I think he loved you.' 'Oh, mammal' I cried, while my tc heart beat and my face flushed, 'I sl cannot think so; it is impossible. ti Brit now we have talked'long enough d of myself, mamma; I am dying to a hear your story from your own- lips.' ' You know most of it, Maude. My fate has been a strange one, dear; but I am sure'all has been for the best. My life has been simply a romance of vi a black veil.' 'you had a happy childhood, mamma.' 'My dear Maude, all that your y father told you was true. He was a handsome man when he made love to me, Maude '-I thought of his face as li I had seen it last, fixed in the terrible bi death-agony, and I shuddered-' but- v' f w?'.in nfoha hmeed.hs iL was dorhi-'generos go0oness'to :the church and to my parents. Then, I think,' added my mother, with a most C charming air of candour, 'I really was d what the world calls 'in love' with him. But he never told me that he was Earl of St. Neots. Had I known Y it, I would not have married him, for rank and title had no attractions for me. I think, Maude,' she said, ' that I was very happy for a few months. Your father, my husbaid-oh, how strange those words seem to me now f -is dead, and of the dead we must speak no evil. I will say notliig of what I felt, what I suffered,. when I found that I" had married the man r known as 'the reprobate earl.' Nothing could compensate me for that. I will pass on to the time when I believed you dead. Why the earl treated me so cruelly about you I have never known; but I think he was s angry, jealous, because I loved you and did not love him. I can think of no other motive. 'It was a cruel deed-perhaps the most cruel he ever committed. Now that I am older and wiser, I cannot t imagine why I believed him so implicity. From his manner I ought I to have doubted him; but I never did. I firmly believed you dead. ' Then, when I began to get better, the earl's lawyer came to see me, The earl sent me word that he was tired of my baby face and whining ways, and that he would give anything I .asked him if I would go away and never let him see me again. Well, it was a matter of indifference to me now that a I believed my child was dead. 'At first I refused the money; but g Mr. Norton, the lawyer, was a sensible C man. 'I advise you to take it,' he Y said. 'Ifit is left in the earl'shands, he will only spend it in rioting and 'i."?is ;'hile, if you take it, think what good you may do with it; you can devote it to the service of heaven.' 'So I took the amount offered and established this place.' 'But, mamma,' I cried, 'now that you have found me, you will go back to the world; you will take up your rank and station; will you not ?' 'We will talk of that, dear child, later on,' she answered. 'And, in the I meantime, keep our secret, Maude; let no one have an inkling of it.' OHAPTER XXII. I thought no more noble character than my beautiful mother had ever lived; but I told her frankly that I considered it would have been better had she remained with my father. It was true that he ill-treated her, but was it not within the bounds of possibility that, had she not left him, he might in time have become gentler to her, and even have been a better man? The desertion of my father was the only matter for which I could blame my isolated mother. I could not tell whether she agreed with me or not. She said little, but she looked wist fully atme :·- " it would have been better for you, b Maude, perhaps, if I had remained ii with the earl,' she said. o One morning she pointed to the old n weather-beaten cross, with its clinging ti Ivy and scarlet passion-flowers. N 'Maude she said, 'do you know a why. I value that old stone cross so d highly ?' h '.No,' I answered. w SI brought it from Sedgeblook ' she I said. ' It stood in the old churchyard t there, and I purchased it. Ibrought n it away with me for love of the dear f old place, and keep it here always' in C sight. I cannot tell you how I love it. When I was quite a little child, I d used to sit at the foot and weave I daisy-chains;' and my heart told me ' that her soul was as pure now as it had been in those days. One morning I went to her room to n see if she had five minutes' leisure. s My heart was full of something I e wanted to discuss with her. How her i face brightened when she saw me l ' MIamma, I want to speak to you very seriously, I said. 'Can you 1 spare five minutes ?' ' Fifty for you, my dear,' she said, n ' if you want them.' \ \- I sat,down on a stool at her feet, t and looked up to.her with entreating eyes. 'Mamma,' I asked, 'has finding me v made any difference with respect to n what you call your vocation ?' She looked just a little troubled, and then answered: 'No, I think not, Maude?' ' I want you to make a sacrifice for me, mamma,' I said. 'I told you the c story of my will. For your sake, so great is the love I bear you, I will revoke it, and the money shall be invested for you and for me. You shall take your proper position in the world, you shall be treated as the Countess of St. Neots deserves to be treated, and we will live together in some happy home, if you will say the word. Was it a temptation? I shall never know. She was silent for some little time,.her hand resting carelessly on my head. t 'Do you remember, Maude, what is said of those who put their hands to the plough and then turn back?' she said then. ' I must not be one of those. Ah, no, my dear and generous daughter I This is my life's work; I must remain here.' ' I must say good-bye to my dream ?' I asked. 'Yes, dear child. And now, Maude, let us talk of you. Are you r very happy here ?' ' Yes, I am very happy,' I replied. She looked at me wistfully, ' Have you ever thought, dear, that you would like to be a sister ?' she asked. ' No, mamma, darling; I should like to live here all my life with you, but I do not feel that I have a r vocation.'r 'But there is the future. We must She stopped abruptly, for Sisteri Catherine, the portress,. stood at the door. 'Mother Etheldreda,' she said, 'there is a gentleman here asking for you.' Mother Etheldreda, taking a card from her hand, read aloud ' The Earl of St. Neots.' In silence she looked at me; buit I had no word to say. My mother's face grew deathly pale.' 'Does the gentleman ask fbr me, Sister Catherine l' 'He asked to see the reverend mother,' she replied. ' Say that I will be with him in a few minutes, sister.' And then we were alone. ' Maude,' cried my mother, 'is it you, or is it myself, whom he has sought and found?' 'How can I say, mamma?' I replied, bewildered. ' The Earl of St. Neots,' she again read. ' It is like a dream, Maude; I canriot believe my eyes. If he has traced you, how.has he managed it? If myself, the mystery is even much greater.' I could not recollect my thoughts; my brain was in a whirl. ' The Earl of St. Neots I' repeated my mother for the third time.: ' Oh, Maude, what are we to do ?' With my senses reeling, my mind was a blank, how could-I advise ?' 'Mamma,' I cried, in desperation, 'do not betray me; do not tell him I am here.' 'My dearest Maude,' she said, in a gentle voice, ' I faithfully promise you one thing. I will do what is best for you-trust me implicity. You will wait here for me, my dear,' she added. I shall not be long.' And then she went away. I felt that if I remained in the room I should be stifled; and, going out into the garden, I clasped the old weather-beaten cross, with a sensation that without some support I should fall to the ground. CHAPTER XXIII. I cannot tell how long I had knelt by the weather-beaten cross in the convent garden when I heard a light footstep on the grass. 'Maude,' whispered my mother, 'look up, dear child. It is true; he Sis here- And, my darling, it is you rhe has traced-you, not me. He I does not know me; and he implores :r you to see him.' t ' Never again,' I said-' never again. t Did he not wish me dead? Oh, f mamma, how did he find me? I , thought I was quite safe here, hidden r with you.' 'r Maude,' she said, 'the circum stances are so extraordinary that I e must believe them to be providential. e He found you, as I found you,through II that money. It appears that the fifty t. pound note I paid to Mrs. Phillips had t- his name and your initials on it. She paid it away to a Mr. Benson, a tea. broker in the city, and from his hands it passed into none other than those of Mr. Norton, who, seeing the earl's name on it, made inquiries, and found that it came from this very convent. Naturally he went straight to the earl; and, without a moment's delay, my dearest Maude, Lord St. Neots hastened hither; and he has the note with-him. He has a note-book, one he showed me where he entered all the notes that he paid you, with their numbers, when he changed a cheque for you; he remembers every detail. Oh, Maude, how he loves you !' ' Loves:me, mammal' I cried, in dignantly, when he wished me dead ! He is going to marry Lady Maud Trent- How can I love him?' ' I told you from the first that per haps you had misjudged him,' said my molher, gravely, 'and now I ani quite sure of it.. I do not believe that he ever said so cruel a thing of you, indeed of anyone, in his life. As for marrying Lady Maud Trent, if ever at man loved with his whole heart, he so loves you.' 'He does not, he cannot; he wished me dead, and I will never forgive him. Mamma, pray manage it for me. Tell him that.it is true I am here, and that I wish to remain here all my life, that I thank him for calling, but that .I would rather not see him. Oh, mamma, do this for me 1' She bent down and kissed me. 'I will do just what you ask, my darling.' She went away, and my head t r drooped again, but now my brain was clear-I could think. Ah, well, now t all was at an end! Of course, he I would be disgusted when he received my message-would go away, and 9 a never seek to see nme again. Well, c let him go and marry his, love. , I heard the sound of a door open- t e ing and closing. He was gone, gone for ever, and my mother, of course, a was coming back to me. Then at hand gently touched mine, but surely f r that was not the light touch of my a e mother's soft, slender hand I This t was warm and strong, and a voice, t that was like no other voice on earth t to me, .murmured.softly : h 's Maude, why did you leave ?' He was there, and my heart -went i f out to him with a great passionate cry. , s But I had left him, and I never a meant to look upon him in this world again. Having buried my love, was F I now to be brought face to face with its ghost?' ' Maude will you neither look at me I nor speak to me? asked the earnest t voice. ' I cannot !' I cried. ' Oh, mother, have you betrayed me?' t Then my mother's,loving .hands t stole round me. She 'drew me aside into the cloisters, motioning to 1 Galahad to follow. , 'Maude, darling, listen to me,' said t my mother. 'You were mistaken, he never said those cruel words. It was t you he loved'all along-you, and no ' It is true; M?atde:~Look up, my' e darling,' Galahad pleaded. SWhen at last my courage came back I, to me, and I looked up, my mother a r was gone, and my handsome young lover stood there alone. S' Maude, my darling,' he whispered, 'how could you leave me I How could you believe all those foolish I I cruel words ? You must have seen s that I loved you with all my heart.' 'You loved Lady Maud Trent,' I said, my face still hidden. ' They all said so. Your mother wished her to d be your wife.' ' But,' he interrupted, ' in marrying alI intend to please myself-not my mother. Oh, Maude, do not punish me for the sins of others I Let me it gaze at those beautiful eyes of yours s they have haunted me from the first moment I saw them.. Do you remem i, ber, dear, when I found you under the cedar-tree crying as though your n heart would break ? Look at me, love ! I You were kinder to me then. 5s The pain and the fire of jealousy ? were dying away, the music of the h voice I loved was beginning to in fluence me. I raised my face and looked at him. How fair he was eyes lit up .with love, his handsome d face eager and anxious 1 That look b into miy love's eyes sealed my fate. 'You were so cool to me,' I said. d 'After Lady Maud Trent came you had no eyes, no ears, for anyone but I1 her.' I 'Pardon me Maude, that is not true. Lady Maud Trent was a very a old friend, so there could never be u any question at all of my falling in r love with her. I should as soon have 1 thought of falling in love with one of i. my own sisters. Could you not see e that? With her I was quite at my ease, while I was just a little afraid of 0 you.' It To BE CONCLUDED. 