POPULAR SUPERSTITION. SOME REFLECTIONS. WITHOUT A MORAL. Who sees a raven solus— One raven solus, Portent and presage grim, presage grim, Scon without draught or bolus— Draught or bolus— Soon it's all up with him— Up with him! Thus carols forth the afflicted Prince in "La Mascotte," to the intense enjoyment of the audience, which regularly encores the song, without in the least reflecting that a large proportion of those present are the victims of superstitions even more ridiculous than those which add such a spice to the over-bubbling mirth of Audran's famous comic opera. If you were to tell the average Australian that he was superstitious by nature he would doubtless indignantly deny the. charge. If you were to offer him a L10 note to sleep in the old cemetary, the chances are that he would accept the offer. But if you were to endeaver to convince him that there is no such thing as luck: that because the left bower of hearts had been turned up six times in succession the odds of its being exposed a seventh time were the same, neither more nor less than they were before, he would undoubtedly regard you as an amiable lunatic; and the great body of the publie would fully agree with him. Most people are inclined to define su- perstition generally as a "belief in ghosts, and other rubbish of that sort." It has always appeared to us that our good friends the spiritualists, who cher- ish a very warn affection for these in- habitants of shadow land, are by no means wise in their method of meeting the gibes of the scoffers. Instead of throwintg the onus of proof on the un- believer, they pin their faith to the de- monstration, not that it is impossible to disprove the existence of spirits, but that some particular "spook" who has been called in from the spiritual regions to a tete-a-tcte in a medium's back par- lour, is the real, genuine, unadulterat- ed disembodiment of at former mortal. And so, when the presumed spiritual visitors are dragged out suddenly into the full glare of the gas, and invariably turn out to be the medium in a sheet, the consequences are, to say the least of it, unpleasant. Yet it is, un- doubted that the occasional appearance of the suburban ghost, armed with pre- cisely the same paraphernalia, has fre- quently caused the knees of the most profound sceptic to knock together, in pure horror— And each particular hair to stand on end, Like quills upon the fretful porcupine. The difference, after all, is only a matter of evironment. One is moonshine, and the other is moonlight. Your medium's "spook" is, after all, a poor thing—more poor than demium, in fact. He may have a ghostly appear- ance, or a ghostly speaking voice, but he doesn't seem to possess the ghost of a show of self- confidence. Why should he be called away from the proper business of his own ghostly concerns at the will of a medium, and for the pleasure of some perfect stranger, who chooses to hand over half-a-crown, in the pouching of which mark you, the spirit has no share. Why can't he say, "Oh, I'm busy now," or "I have a pressing engagement to meet a gentleman of suicidal impulse, out at four cross roads in the country," or make any other such simple and rational excuse. The proper business of a ghost, according to approved authorities, needs particularly close occupation. A spook who has to go round trailing chains, or pointing out splashes of blood on his even- ing dress shirt front, or walling like an infant, can't be expected to attend much to chance society functions. It natural- ly takes his mind.off his work, and in- disposes him to perform it satisfactorily to himself or anybody else. None the less we should be sorry to see our ghosts abolished before what people call the "Onward march of progress." We have all of us our own private spectres, each necessary to fill a long-felt want. Racing men are peculiarly addicted to invoking the supernatural—possibly from their intimate connection with "stiffuns." On the eve of an impor- tant race meeting especially, these spiritual visitants are in the habit of manifesting themselves in dreams, and giv!ng ghostly advice as to the possible winner of the event. It is true that these utterances are usually oracular, and in- finitely capable of a wrong interpretation, but the spiritual tip has a large and in- creasing vogue, and the number of people who would infinitely prefer the "straight griffin" from a well authenticated night- mare, to the "office" from the horse-owner himself, is legion. You can depend upon a ghost for a "dead bird." We have our doubts whether the old legend of the unluckiness of sitting thir- teen to table is altogether indigenous. It smacks a trifle of French swagger, al- though it is, we believe, prevalent in cer- tain of the upper circles—the circle has ever been a favorite spiritualitstic emblem. Still, we have not, so far, heard that the profession of the quatorzieme, the polite young man who is engaged to make up a fourteenth in case of emergency, has thriven in Melbourne. But there are plenty of houses where, if you spill the salt, the host or hostess will gravely arise and turn a chair round three times, or surreptitiously throw a pinch over the shoulder—"Not that there is anything in it, of course, but still one may as well be on the safe side." We confess to some sympathy with the thousands of people who won't walk under a ladder for fear a thunderbolt should de- scend and kill them. The expected bolt from the blue may be off duty for the time being; but there is always the chance that the man at the top isn't, and a hammer or a pot of paint, if less smacking of the supernatural, is at least equally effective in its way. If there is something so fatal about the number 13, why don't the majority of the population die at that immature period of their teens? It is a gawky age, all wrists and elbows, and might well be spared by a world too fertile in enfants terribles. Still, the thirteen years older skips over that critical period of exis- tence withi a light-heartedness revolting to the inner consciousness of well regu- lated people. Similarly it is hard to ac- count for the popular belief in the un luckiness of Friday. Many business firms select that day for the payment of their staffs, and we have never heard that the employes offer any objection to the practice, or that the money which they receive is fairy gold, or turns to a wither- ed leaf in their hands, or, in fact, suffers any transmorgrification whatever, except the natural one of conversion into small change, and finally into nothingness. In- deed, we have come across no reason for decrying Friday, except the very evident one that it marks the longest possible interval to next week's salary. By the simple process of turning one's money in one's pockets on the occasion of a new moon a fortune is assured. This is certainly irritating to the large class of people who lack the initial necessary for the operation. Modern society owns to a keen desire for the establishment of the old age pension fund; yet neither Sir George Turner nor any other student of social legislation has hit uon the sim- ple expedient of going out at each new moon with a pocketful of threepenny pieces, and providing the poverty-strick- n with the means of performing the happy conjuration, in which case there would ie no necessiy for making any provision for old age at all. Palmistry, again, affords an ample field for the dabbler in the minor mys- teries of the black art. By the number and course of the lines on the hand, the necromancer predicts with certainty the future horoscope of the neophyte, so that for the small sum of a shilling you may know the certainty whether fate has in store a lucky drawing in Tatter- sall's sweep, or a murderous railway ac- cident on a particular day, on which it is wise to patronise the cable tram. The palmist almost invariably diagnoses a happy marriage and a large family. This is probably why washerwomen, whose profession naturally tends to the formation of wrinkles on the hand, have usually a husband to support, and any- thing from half-a-dozen to a dozen chil- dren. There used to be a belief that opals brought ill-fortune to the wearer. In the ante-boom days, no well brought up girl would think of accepting opals from the hands of her accepted suitor—not while there was a diamond about. Now- adays the old superstition seems to be moribund, if not dead. Judging by the windows of the jewellers' shops there is even something very like a run upon the cheaper gem. So marked, indeed, is the change in popular feeling. that we have even heard of cases—breach of promise ones, especially—in which the aggrieved maiden has indignantly refused to re- turn a set of opals which has been in- cluded among the presents of early tenderness. Too often, alas, has the course of true love been disturbed by such stones as these. We need not inquire why scis- sors should popularly be supposed to cut love, or why some people should so scrumptiously refrain from making any present which steel is a component part. We only know that these articles of faith are rigidly held by people who profess to have no belief in them. Again, in what consists the supposed advantage to be, derived from leaving an infant's nails uncut till it has reached the age of 12 months, we do not know. It is, however, very popular among a large call of mothers. But then the whole business of baby worship with the numberless celebra- tions attendant thereon is a mystery which no mere man may be permitted to penetrate. It is based upon the cardinal axiom that each new baby is the finest and best that ever was born. and that is the most deep rooted, and general superstition of all. 