LITERARY NOTES. SOME BOOKS OF THE DAY. FACT AND FICTION. Among the latest additions to Mac- Mlllon and Co.'s library of novelists aro "Kirteen," by Mrs OliphanL and "Dear Faustina," by " Rhoda Broughton." Doubtless there are those among the rising generation who may not have read the former. U so, we can fecommend It, after several perusals, to their notices as a thoroughly readable, healthy and In teresting story, free from any mawkish sentimentality or vicious sensationalism. The characters are all powerfully and realistically drawn. The heroine Is a lovable, true-hearted woman. The minor personages arc skilfully grouped together and the Interest of the story Is main tained to the vnd. The "Dear Faustina" of Jthoda Broughton has appeared In magazine form, but will alao be read with interest by those who have not had an op portunity of perusing It. The basis of the novel Is the story of a young lady In society who leaves her home with the intention of doing some good In the world under the auspices of "Dear Faarrina," an advanced girl who lives In a Hat.wrltea for newspapers, lias easy ideas with re gard to truthfulness and the general methods of gaining her own end-j, ond Is, In many other respects, not altogether a desirable acquaintance. Altogether, the woman with a mlotlon, worked uccordlng to her own lights, is not put in a very favorable light, and the reader will not be sorry to see her disappear from the scene, leaving the wandering lamb, who has mistaken her for a friendly sheep, to return to Its own fold. The moral of the story is that though It Is not sinful, and sometimes very meritorious, to live in a flat, and earn your own living. It Is Just us well to hu careful In selecting your fellow worker. "Mastyn Stoyne," by Roderlc Qitlnn (George Robertson and Co. Publishing Co.) Is a story having Its commencement In the MacDonueil ranges, a year or so ago, and Its ending in the seventeenth century. One doesn't expect much romance out of the MaoDonnell ranges, beyond that attached to exploration, tho leading features in which are starvation, disappointment, nnd sometimes extinc tion. In this Instance, however, tl)e find ing of a human skull In a cave In the said ranges by two explorers leads alsj to the discovery of a strange and exciting story penned on the marginal leaves of on old- fashioned Bible of the date above men tioned. It la that of one Mostyn Stayne, a wild young gollnnt of that period, who Is Imprisoned by a powerful neighbor for having killed his head keeper. This same powerful neighbor hoe a charming ward named Cassandra, with whom Stayne Is In iove.nnd who succeeds In effecting his escape to a band of rov ing smugglers, with, whom he starts on nn expedition to Spain. Thcncc he re turns to England, nnd revisits his lady love, who Is being persecuted by an un welcome suitor. The usual secret Inter views follow, but In one of these the poor girl is murdered while seeking to divert a shot aimed nt her lover. Driven to desperation, Stayne Joins a plrnto ship, known far and. wide as "The Dcrrlng Do,, commanded by an elderly corsair of a more than usually unsavory character, and certainly not the "mildest- mannered man that ever cut a throat." At hla death, Stayne succeeds to the command, but, as he does not quite come up to the bucan- ncer standard of savagery, he becomes unpopular. As, moreover, the "Derring Do" has become somewhat too well known In the customary haunts of piracy, her commander determines to sleer south, und they Anally arrive nt an Island of exquisite beauty. Inhabited by gentle tribes of peaceful habits, the women of which are specially attractive. The re sults may be easily Imagined. Tho buc caneers annex u number of the women; kill the men who try to rescue them, wound and make prisoner Stayne, who In terferes on their behalf, and In the end "maroon" him on Hie coast of West Aus tralia, with some portion of which a Tew early mariners made themselves slightly acquainted. The miseries undergone by tho unhappy ninn In this condition are forcibly described In tho story, which, tnking Into consideration the timo nnd circumstances, docs not present any serious Improbabilities. Indeed, a man might write pretty well anything he pleased about the seaboard districts of West Australia In the seventeenth cen tury without much fear of being contra dicted. "In Old Now York," by Wiliun Barrett and Edwyn Barron (Bell's Indian and Co lonial Library, George Robertson and Co., Melbourne), Is a decidedly fascinating story of the days when George the Second sut on the throne of England, when the young and adventurous Charles Edward nearly drove him from It, and when a Bri tish Governor ruled over society In what Is now the chlcfest city In the United States. The days when Dutch burghers transacted nearly half tho business of the cities the British Government had only re cently acquired, and English gentlemen, not wlritlng to soil themselves with trade, were glad to Join then) us sleeping part ners. The days when ruffles and long- sklrtod coats were In fashion, when gen tlemen wore swords and used them, wheri rr.cn fought at close quartern, and face to face, instead of at long range and under cover. Among the Dutch traders In tlnuc days was one Evert Vanbergen, who Is working partner with an English gentle man, Stephen Waring. Vnnberg hits a charming daughter named Luya, and Waring an attractive son named Wal lace. Under circumstances described In tho story, those two young people fall in love with each other, contrary to the wishes of their respective fathers. and the subsequent events are described as of In- Interest not only to themselves but to a number of other people, Including tho reader. Frauleln Luya Yanbergh Is a delightful heroine, and Wallace Waring Is na fair a specimen of a lover as u ludy could wish for, though he does run off the track under circumstances of a peculiar character, for which, us Captain Cuttle would say, "turn up the book." Perhaps, however, ladles generally will prefer Jacob Wilbruch, a young Dutchman, also In love with Luya, na self-denying and gallant a chnracster ns romanclst ever Imagined. A perusal of this story will be welcome to those who have only studied American life in Its modern phases. Following on the recently Issued "Life of Sir Rcdvers Bulier." hy Walter Jerrold, Messrs Partridge and Co. have Just pub lished a "Life of Lord Roberts of Kanda har" by the same author. Although the gallant Field-Marahal himself has already taken the community Into his confidence In his fascinating book, "Forty-one Years In India," the comparatively small volume under notice will be welcome to those who lutve not had an opportunity of be coming acquainted with the otlier. It gives in a condensed form short accounts of the campaigns In which Lord Roberts has been engaged and his per sonal work In connection with thorn. Wo should spccJally recom mend the book to young people, the multifarious nature of whose studies now adays prevents them from devoting much attention to such trifling subjects as Uie history of the campaigns of the century. Tlte sale of the book In Melbourne Is In the hands of Me&sre; Hutchinson and Co. AU tho sea stories told by William Clark Russell are Interesting. The spirit of his laUier, who composed nnd sung such songs as "I'm Afloat," "A Life On the Ocean Wave," with such taste and feeling aa, by ldmself, to keep an audience together for an evening, has oertalnly descended upon him. The glamor of the pathless ocean has seized hold of hin), and, what Is more, he can wield It over others. Therefore, his recent addition to Bell's Indian and Co lonial Library (George Robertson and Co., Melbourne), entitled "A Voyage at An chor." will be read with Interest by a large number of readers! It describes how a re tired sea-captain, a man who has shivered, metaphorically, his limbers for nuiny years, weathered hundreds of capes, and spliced numerous main braces, always judiciously belaying when necessary, makes up his mind to havo a holiday dif fering from the customary routine of sea-sldo Jodgings, rooms in a gigantic hotel or even "a quiet cot In a shady spot, with a distant view of the changing sea." So he confides to hLs wife and pretty daughter h!s Intention to borrow from a friend the hulk of ono of those good old friga:e-bullt ships which some of us can remember, flt her up and furnish her, have her towed down to some convenient spot on the oaam, and then anchored within easy rowing dis tance of the shore. To this they agree, and the hulk, which is sUll in good sea worthy order. Is towed down to an anchor age In the Small Downs, off Sandown Castle, not far from Walmer and Deal, and in nearer proximity to ths Goodwin Sands than subsequently turns out to be ngrwnble. The party on board consists of the skipper, his wife, the pretty daugh ter. two female servants, three sailors for "anchor watch." nnd tho lover of the pretty daughter, who may he described as rather a "duffer" than other wise. But even the voyage to the anchor age Is by no means uneventful. First, they nre run Into hy a yacht, steered hy a man with a squint, which results in the sinking of the yacht and tho rescue of her crew and passengers. Including nn army major and hLs (laughter, who, being a hind>o>ne young woman, subsequently causes trouble. Then, when at anchor, they pick up a drowning man. who proves to be a deserter from the marines, and be comes a nuisance. Next, they rescue from a sinking canoe a young captain, also In the marines, who han had a misunderstand ing with a shoal cf porpoises, and promptly falls In love with the skipper's pretty daughter, causing complications with the "duffer" previously mentioned. A portion of the book Is devoted to a description of these troubles, which all end happUy, tlie major's daughter eloping with the "duff er." while the skipper's child marries the captain, and Is. presumably, happy ever afterwards. In addition to these exciting details are the three great events of the voyage, the appearance of a ghost on hoard the hulk, nn attempt at nautical burglary, and a narrow escape from a drifting ship on fire. Finally, the hulk b rente away from her anchors In a storm, and Is driven on to the Goodwin Sands, those on board l>elng rescued at the last moment. Altogether the book Is a most readable- one. and such a life as that on board the "good hulk Calenture" must have been pleasant, Indeed, to persons not liable to suffer from sea-sickness or unable to swim. 