Short Story, A Horrible Fright. L. T. MEADE, in "The Strand.” I don't think I am at all nervous, and, .rlioroforu. when I say tliat I am about ja> describe two hours of absolute agony ■I hope my readers will believe that the '-•nvumstaneas wort* at tin* host excep tional. ami will .sr: 11 give mo credit. for lieing at least, as bravo ax most gilds of I have always despised so-called nerves. When a child I quite loved to 'sleep in the dark. At school 1 was the prime mover of ghost stories, and I jremiMnber now Hurt stunt: of my prae jt.ieal jokes verged strangely upon the unkiml and even dangerous. 1 .have been educated finite up'to modern ideas. U is only a. year since I left Girtmi, a:ml I am now comfortably established at home with my father and mother. I am the only daughter, stud sun between ltd amt Hi years of age. W'e live in a large plaee about an hour's ride by rail from Loudon. I (have my own special horse,_ juid . a litUe, ^.poflv, <TTiifti>,'it:l\co my study or luuidoir. and can order what books I please for my own benefit, 'not only from Mttdie. but from the local jbooksellers.'' I am passionately fond of music, and can play two or three in is tru mentis. 1 think I can say. without laity false pride, that my performances on the violin are rather better than those of most aniaiouu-c I am of so great at all kinds of outdoor sports and games. I aim the champion player of file tennis club to which X belong, and I am at the present time su.xavs fully getting up a lady's golf club. In short. I think I may truly say of my self that I represent the average, up-to date. well-educated, rather strong minded, mnel'eeiM.h-century girl. .Now, I must, tell about my frigid. You can imagine that it must have been something special to put me into such a suite of.terror that I cannot think of it even now without shuddering. I received an invitation late last au tumn to go to see my grandfather, who lives in Dublin, lly mother did not ■particularly wish me to go. I really think .mothers must have premoniturns, for there was uo apparent reason for my not taking such a simple anil ca.sily aecontplitshed journey. I had been. abroad a good deal, and had had adven tures more titan one; therefore, when my mother fretted herself about my going from London to Dublin, via Holy head. I could not help laughing at her. “ If you must go alone. Virginia.” site said, "had you not better travel by day ?” “ Ob. nonsense, nonsensQ.” I said. “I 'little traveling by day. particularly by a route which I already know. Besides, it 'is such a waste of rime. At night one can sleep and travel together. Oh. say no more about it dear, good mother. I’ll take the night mail from Huston, this evening, and have break fast with grandfather in the morning.” My mother made no further remon strances, but I heard her sighing in t.lie most aggravating style, and I knew she was murmuring to herself about my headstrongness and thow I never would listen to.reason.iiw ;l,. those VTiuittei-e*!-- lViuOTistr.-mces of ni.v relatives. Are they afraid of ine. that they don't speak out V I am always amenable to reason, but when people mutter over me, then I become simply mulish. I adore my dear mol iter, but even for her T cannot be expected to gins up my own way when 1 hear her muttering that it is “.lust like Vir My tilings were packed, and T started off in good time to catch the night mail at. Huston. “ You hud berter go in one of the ladies' carriages.'' said my father. I quite gasped in lmrror when he made tills audacious proposal. “ Xow. do you suppose I am likely to do anything quite so old-maidish V" I replied. " No. 1 have fixed on tin* exact corner where 1 shall snoo/.e away from Elision to Holyhead.” I led my father, as I spoke, to a carriage where two old gentlemen had already comfortably es tablished themselves. They had spread out. their rugs, aaid taken complete in>s sassion of the corners which were out of the draught I was oblivious to draughts, and chose my corner opposite the old gentleman who .was nearest to the entrance door. My father supplied me with three or four evening papers. I had an uncut novel in my bag. nmd si little reading-lamp, which I could fasten to -the window ledge. Two or three -moments later I (had said farewell to ,my father, and the great express— I the Wild Irish Girl—had steamed in grand style out of the station. I like the feeling of being whirled through space in an express train going at the top of its speed. I looked at the evening papers. Their coartenis did not specially interest me. I Mien gazed at ray, opposite neighbour. He was very ’ stout and very red. He tucked his tra velling rug tightly alxmt him, and tie fore we had passed Wallesden was fast asleep. He made a distressing noise with his loud snores, and I thought him decidedly irritating. For a moment or two I almost regretted that I had not gone in an empty- ladles’ oatriage. The Other old gentleman was scarcely -a; \- more aarreoablo , ^-travcntnK-ycomp^ujionli He ijad a'p'otsy dough: and a bad cold. He blew Ills nose, and lie coughed about, every two minutes, and then he looked ' around him to see If there were any possible draughts. He not only shut : bis own window but the ventilator above as well, and then he glared at the ventilator which belonged to the I snoring old gentleman and me. I made 'up my mind that that ventilator should 'only be shut overbuy fallen body, j The. express went on its way without let or hindrance. Xow and then it swayed from side to side, as if its own great speed were making it giddy ; then again it steadied itself, and rushed on and on with a rhythmic sort of motion, which was infinitely soothing, and caused me to forget my two uninter esting companions, and to sink gradu ally into the land of dreams. I was awakened presently from quite a sound nap by the slowing of the train. :It was coining into a great station. I which I found was Chester. We must (have passed Crewe while I was asleep. My two companions were now all alive and brisk. They were fastening up 'their rugs and folding flieir papers, and jl saw that they intended to leave the |'..“If you are going on .to Holyhead,” said-tile snoring one to me, "you have ion minutes to wait here—quite time to get a clip of tea, if you want one.” - I .1 thanked him, and thought that I would carry his suggestion into effect. . 4. cup of tea would be -perfect, and . would set me up for the'remainder of !ny journey. I accordingly stepped on !» tlie platform and went over the bridge to the great waiting-rooms, ; which presented at this time a. gay jiiiene of eager, hungry, fussy men and : j«%pien: sitting at tables, and standing i ' ' . - ' " at ecmntters, each aM all of thorn eating j ■and drinking for bare fife. I ordered my tea; drank it standing at title 00110101’, 'paid for it, and also for a him, •which I carried away with me i'u a paper bag, and returned to my carriage. I saw a heap of nigs and a large black bag deposited in the coiner away (from mine, and wondered with a fa.'int paining curiosity who my new travelling companion was likely to be. The guard came up' at this moment to see if I were comfortable. He sainl that we would not stop again until we reached Holyhead, and asked me if I wanted for anything. I sa id “ A'o.v “ IVihaps you'd like me to lock the carriage door, miss lie said. “ Tlie •train as not too full to-night, and I can manage it.” I' laughed and pointed 'to the rugs and bag i.u The opposite corueu. " Somebody 'lias already taken posses sion,” I said. “ But 'ill yon wish, miss. I’ll put those tilings in another carriage,” said the “ No, no,” I replied, " I don't mind company 'in the least.” Just .then my fellow-traveller put an nin appeaniee. lie was a lug man. wrapped up ill a great: ulster and with a muffler round his throat and mouth. Tlie guard looked at him, 1 thought, n little fiiispfeici'usly. This made .me Who sees them mii>'r. Jiffer them either admiration or ’ •insult. : I looked very cheerful. made way for the traveller to take iris seat, and smiled and thanked ■The guard. A moment later the train started ini its way. We had just got well outside the station, when the gentleman ill tlie ul ster and nmtilor carefully unwound the latter appendage from his mouth and throat, lie folded it. up neatly, and put it into his black bag. Afterwards he took off his Ulster. I now saw that he was a fairly good-looking man of about, eight-a lid-twenty, lie wore a full moustache of raven hue. and a short beard, lie had very black anil piercing eyes. When I looked at him I dis covered-that he also looked at me. " Now, are von gening nervous. Vir ginia. or are you not V I murmured to niyself. “ Why may not a mail look at a girl if he pleases V There is an old proverb that a cat may look at a king. Bet me suppo-e, therefore, that, the man opposite is a well-grown and present able cat, and that I am his Majesty tlie king. Tlie eat may stare as long as •he pleases. The king will not disturb ■himself.” Accordingly I prepared to light my reading lain]), as I knew that T could not. pi^sildy fall asleep under the gaze of those watchful, dark eyes. I had just settled myself comfortably, and had taken my uncut novel out. of my bag. when tlie stranger spoke to mo. “ Ho you object, to my opening the window V" lie asked. “Certainly uni.” I replied. 1 gave him a distant little bow. .which was meant to say that tlie cat must keep its distance, .and lowered my eyes over llu* fascinating pages of my novel. The train w.as now going at a rattling pace, ami I found that the draught from the open window was rather more than )fP,.;iVn!.Vn jwaVhmmi 'to ami my h-a veil big wmri.mion.JI'-bo would l>e kiml enough Vo close it. when t met d sight: which gave me Tlie first prenioni fion of rli.u.l horror which this story is meant: to describe. The man in the op posite corner-had opened his black bag. and taken from it a pair of large, sharp-broking scissors, ami a'so a razor. When 1 glanced at him lie had opened the razor, and was gently and dexter ously sharpening it on a leather strop which he had fastened to one of the butToiis of the window. lie met my eye us I met lvis. a-ml smiled grimly. t felt tiliat a situation of some sort was imminent, and. closing my .book, sat perfectly still with any bauds tightly looked together mid my heart beating loudly. The light from the reading lump fell full upon me. and 1 turned abruptly and put it out. " I will thank you to light that lamp again,” said the stranger. ” Ho so at once— there is no time to lose.” “ I don’t understand you." I said. I tried to make iny voice imperious and haughty, but 1 was terribly con scious that it came out of my throat ini little gasps and jerks. “ Now, look here," said the man. “ I know you arc frightened, and I am not In five least surprised. I should be frightened if I were i,n your position. Yon are alone hi a. railway carriage with a man who could strangle you and throw your dead body on the line if he fetl the least inclined to -do so. N'o, no —you don’t get to t he alarm bell. I aim keeping guard' over that Now. I may as well tell yon frankly that I have come into tikis railway carriage on pur pose to have the pleasure of your so ciety. I saw you got into the carriage at Euston, and I knew that you would be alone when you got to Chester. From Chester to Holyhead is a long run. Tlie train is now comfortably on its way, and will not stop for nearly two hours. You sec, therefore, that you are completly at my mercy. Your only chance of- safety is in doing exactly whttt I tell you. Now, have the good ness to light that reading lamp Imme d$o:te3y. • Jlhie, ertaraagor'a■ ■ ■ ■ : ‘ghoktn^ Queens iyiia . fastened it *to' tne opposite mine. His restless, brilliant eyes were fixed full on my face. “ Light the Turnip,” he said. I obeyed him without a moment's hesitation. When I 'had lit it he took it from my shaking fingers and fastened ti to the cushion of the seat in the centre of the carriage. “Tliait te betbfceir,” he said, "that is more cheerful. Now, see. I am going to kneel down. Look at my face. Can you see it well ?" “Yes," I answered. “ I have a good deal of hair, haven't I?” " You have,” I replied. ■ - " Do vou see this pair of scissors ?” ■“ Yes.” “ And this razor ?”• “Yes.” ‘‘They’re deadly weapons, are they not?” "They could do mischief,” I answer ed in a faltering voice. , ' " Ay, ay, they could—and they will, too, unless a certain young lady does exactly wlhast she is told. Now, come— the moment foir action has arrived— take your gloves off.” I hesitated. " Take them off,” thundered the mam. They were off in a twinkling. " Come up dose, and begin.” “ Begin wliatt “ Don’t be a fool. You have plemlty of intelligence if you choose to exercise it. Cut off any moustache.” X drew back. . " X don’t know how,” 1 faltered. “ I’ll soon iteOdh you.” ‘‘.How, pray ?” I asked. " By lihaapeniiis HWt razor tt little more. Now, are yon going to try ? Take tihe scissoirs im your band.” He. knelt so that the light of the lamp should fall full on Kim, and save me the scissors. X toot it at once and be gun my task. “ Hold my chin,” he Raid. “ You can’t do your work properly in tliat slinky way. Cut. I say—cut” I did cut—God alone knows how X managed it but I got the man’s thick and sweeping moustache oil'. As I worked 'he gave me imperious direc “ Cut clean,” he said, “ out close and clean. You will have to shave lue pre sently.” " That will be very dangerous for you.” I ventured to retort. “ Fudge.” lie replied. “ You' will be cool enough by that lime. Now, Is the moustache all gone ?” '• Yes,” I said. " Cut the whiskers off.” " No," I answered. “ Yes.” be replied. lie fixed his eyes on me, and I obeyed him. The whiskers were followed by the beard—the beard by the hair on the man's head.' How my lingers nahed ! How my ■heart thumped ! How those basilisk eyes seemed .to pierce through me, and 1111 mo. with sick loathing and. abject ■ticSTfrom tihe depths of his 'hag some shaving apparatus, poured waiter into a little flask, made the soap lather, and desired me to shave him. I was now completely meek and subdued, and Obeyed his least direction without a word. Fortunately for the man's life I had on one or two occasions performed tlics operation on my brother, wlio taught me how to manage the razor, and complimented me on my skill. I-t on me to my aid now. Notwi thstanding the shaking train and the agitated state of my nerves I performed my task well. I even became, in the queerest way, proud of my successful sharing. The man's cheeks and npper lip looked as imiocen.'t of hair as a baby’s before I had done with him. At last my task was done, and a shaven, uncouth object took the place of the handsome Stranger who had o>ma into the train an hour ago. When my work was over he stooped, collected every scrap of hair, and flung it out of -the window. Then lie shut the window and told me to put out the rending lamp. I obeyed, tint! crouched back In my corner, trembling in every limb. " You have only one more thing to do for me,” lie said. “ Oli. is there any more ?” I panted. “ I don't think my strength will hold “ Yes. it will.” he replied. “ This pan of your task .is easy. Turn your head and look out of the window. Don't, look back again under any ck eumstunccw until I give you leave. If you do von are a, dead woman.” 1 turned my head. I looked out into the ldaek night. My eyes were swimming—my throat was dry. my- heart eoiitluiued to thump horribly. I felt that I Iliad already lived through a lifetime. I luid a kind of sensation that I should never have courage and buoyancy of heart again. The train went: on its way, thumping and hounding. I heard the rustle of my companion's movements. Was he a madman ? Yes, of course, he must be mad. WaU he stealing stealthily .jut* ";-r,'AVr".-"'b-?en?r the’’ Erasin' over reach its -destiniaiiou ? — Would Clio ih-e.iill'nl ilight over go ? At last—at lust, thank heaven, I felt the motion of Thu great express per ceptibly slackening. At the same in stant my fellow-traveller spoke to me. " You can look round now.” he said. " Your task is over. All yon have to do is to give me live minutes' grace, and you art' safe.” 1 looked round eagerly. What I saw forced a loud exclaiiiiar.ioin from my lips. The rtieta.niorpho.sis of my com panion wins wow fully accomplished. An elderly clergyman, .in complete and most correct clerical costume, was seated at 'the other end of the carriage. The hair which was seen below his hat was silvery white. He had white eye brows. Tlie rest of lus face was dean slmve.il. The train drew into the station. The moment it did so the clergyman flung open the door of the carriage. He took off his hat to me with a gracious movement “ lkmediciie,” ihe said in a full and reverent voice. I sa w him no more. A moment la'tor two detectives come up to tlie door. They asked eagerly if 1 were travelling alone, or if X had had a companion with a black moustache mud beard. I was positively too much stunned to reply to them. I don’t think, to this day, my elderly clergyman was ever discovered. 