\- Nov CAPTAIN MOLLY. BY MARY A. DENISON. .CHAPTER XVI.— (Continued.) ' Thoro's not the ghost of a chance. Now put on the tlio lint,' said Molly, and then stood back, lior head on one side, her glance critical. ' Try tho bonnet,' sho wont 011, deftly lifting the protty trifle of silk and luce. ' Ah, that's it; that nigrotto was just what was uoeded. My dear, I hope !» will see you. You've no idua bow protty you are.' As the two girls loft Pavadiso Flats that evening, they met Sebastian bringing baby Bassett homo. Tho child's beautiful face lighted at sight of them, and, wiih- 11 babe's quick, heavenly smile, he held out his litUo arms. . Koine followed, very petite, -bright and delicately . fair in : her new muslin dress, which Molly had helped her to finish the day before. We've been taking a long walk,' whis pered tho happy little wife and mother. ' He has not lind a bad turn for a whole week — and God bless you !' sho cried softly from a full heart. CHAPTER XVII. in the it ectob's pew. In fine nrtristocratic caso. The chapel wus brilliantly lighted, tho congregation largo. -Molly and her friend wore givon souls iii .the sidy that formed 0110 wing of the chapel, and Ensign Harry shrank into the eorner'of'the.potvj'as fat'fromfthe glare of ' lights"as possible;" ' ft". f ' £" "A' -0 . Tlio-ehani-.ol .was decpratod Svith flSworSC ' On 'the .edge ,of the yelvqt-iin'oc tootorii'-: stood a vase of 'callii lifleif,,'ejiaary» a perfect "blossoni, white,"' lfiassivop" and fr'Agrant. ' ". A young man clad in clerical robo3,came forward.- r Molly felt her dross g rapped hard, and knew that this was lli'o Rev. Mr. Flagler. Sho had 110 opportunity then to form any conclusions as to his appearance, for she felt the weight of Ensign Harry, and feared that she lmd fainted. Sho turned. Tli'e English girl, indeed, made 110 sign, but Molly di-ow a little closer, obtained possession of her hand, and thus they sat, the one nerveless and constrained,, the. other striving to impart her own strength to her friend. In'the rector's pe'.v sat two women, 0110 the r&Ctoi;'s. wife. ' tho other not so young, dressed in a tan colour silk and wool travelling dr. sb, her bonnet nodding with tiuy plumes, her- small limals exquisitely glbved, in one- of thorn a prayer -book bound in old ivory.- Iii her face there was lack of spiritual beauty, but the correct classical outlines, the heavy -lidded bin-- eyes, and the.- "faultless complexion be trayed a Saxon - origin, and the 'air aristocratic' breathed l'rom nil hor move ments. . Molly's boai-tsnnk. She had sometimes resorted t:o the "chapel on Sunday evenings with Russell Stacy, and she knew which was the rectory pew. She said to her- - ' That woman is rich, refined, well-born, and worldly, and sho is the wife of Mr; Flagler.' -And the cxp.-eti.-d lecture commoueed. The hand enclosed in Molly's grasp grew coid as ice and then trembled violently. Smooth, eloquent, and versatile, the ad dress moved Ton. The lecturer looked about him' a good deal, a bold soll- assurtioa in hij glances — or so Molly thought. . ; ' Ho is effeminate,' she mused. ' That face, with the, over-largo eyes, the small mouth, tho llorid complexion, and the siuooth expressionless forehead, is not tho face of a man willing, if need be, to fight for . tho truth. Prosperity is his God.; poverty would make ii i ill pusillanimous arul a slave' to the grout. I don't like him.' Hut How Eouiothing. unexpected hap- . pound, 'l'lic man witli his sweeping glances nt hut took in the pill e, beautiful, serious face of Ensign Harry,' framed in the dainty stylish fiat. For one. second ho turned white, swayed, and clutched at the lectern. Everbody. saw his agitation, everybody wondered.'. . . ' Then he took a glass of water,' wot liis parched lips; braced himself 'anew, and wont on with liis well-ordered address, but not once after wards did liis eyes wan- dor from the written page. . ' After all, ho must havo loved ,-hcr,' iVloliy siiiddo herself, w'ith -a, sad, forebod ing heart. . .. J i . Amid the low, decorous, murmuring swell of voices that goes along the aisle with tho people as Limy leave the th'mploy one could hear .the comments of tllo eon- ' gregntioii. ' Very nice,' said a lady .'near Molly, who would have screamed at the thought of touching elbows with it .Salvationist. . ' Quite eloquent. Hid you she tho lady in the rector's pew f fhauisliis bride: t.ns is their wedding trip. -She -is vory rich, — indeed, enormously wealthy, so i .liear,— aud a lady by title. Yes, ho made a iiiy lino mutch ; clergymen are sometimes quite fortunate, don't you know? Oh, yes, a little older than he; 1 should thiiik But that bonnet — wnsn't it a droani ? Woll, alio can afford its sho has millions.' Ensign Harry clutched Molly's arm just tlion. As thoy went out of church it was quite late nnd vory dark. 'Don't speak to mej don't, please, say n word,' tho English girl murmured al most convulsively ' It is all over, and I — am punished.' And tlion, in less than a minute afterwards, in a voice full of anguish. Why, don't you talk ? " Oh, Molly, Molly, say something to comfort me, or I shall go mad.' ' Lot all fail if heaven fail not,' Molly made answer, in a soft, sweet voice. . 5 Ob, thank you, thank you,' the girl spoke rapidly. ' All lias failed! How do. I know but heaven will ? Ob, Molly, I10 saw mo !' sho gasped. 'Yes, he saw you, that was ovidont to mo, and puzzling to the congregation, no doubt,' Molly answered, asking herself in silence what his wife would be likely to say to him about it. 'A mist camo over my oyes. Didn't he stop ?' Harry asked. 'Ho not only stopped, but almost lost his wits; Somebody' said coming out that it was spasms of the heart : people always act that way from that cause.' Tho voyage of memory !' Ensign Harry murmured. ' Oh, no, I10 can't have for gotten. And his face — what did you think of it ? Ah 1110, why do I ask ?' It was not the faco of a liigh-toned man — I mean in tho best sense of the word. He likes good dinners and flattery in moderate doses. He couldn't preach for his life if I10 didn't write his sermons.' ' Oh, Molly ! is that your estimate of tho man I love ?' She had not yet uorvod Jiorself to spoak of his wife. . 'Of the man you did- love,' said Molly. ' It is a sin to lovo kirn now that lie is married.' Ensign Harry was silent after that. ' Lot me go into your room, dear,' she said, as thoy went upstairs togethor. Sho took off' tho pretty trifle of silk and feathers. As bIio held out her hand, a far-away look in 'her faco, a stirring blast came from a cornet, with tho cliok of castanets and the roll of the drum, as the men and women joined in singing ' Rescue the perishing.' Tho Salvation section marched sturdily along in the street below, on their way from some gathering. Tears stood in Ensign Harry's eyes. Blessed little company !' slio said, her voieo trembling, 'humble, faithful, liapny! Hero, Molly ; thanks -for your kindness, dear,' as slio handed her the bonne, t. ' I'll never again take off tho bodge of my — liberty — wherewith Christ hath made me free.' CHAPTER XVIII. COUSIN TJUOI'S KEION. The road to homo happiness lies over small stepping-stonos. ' My deaii Molly, ' I saw you last night in St. Luko's Chapel, clothed and seemingly in your right mind. What dees it mean?. Why were you at tho lecture delivered by tho celebrated English clergyman ? Are you coming- hack to the , faith ? f 1st night J 011 were at home. -It cannot be that .you ' prefer tho slums! ,'Yoiir cousin wishes ,) ou to return. She-is lonely (I don't i-o- momlier that you over considered it lonely here). I had a letter from R'ustoll Stacy. Ho was in Paris,— said nothing definite as to liis return. 'Let nio hear that you have come to your senses. Isn't there a commandment in seme old book, 'Honour thy father and thy mother' ? To he sure it doosn't say wuu A llul uiu-iii&iuunea; anongn to think that to a father obedionce is due. However, I don't force you. If you won't leave, stay till you tire of them or thoy tiro of you. ' Your Fathor.' Molly had often written to hor father, -but! tho'-bauliur .-hud .nover. answered hor letters.' yii'is was " the .fitst lyritten word sho lmfl received frbhi-hiqu , The sight "of Mplly dressed .- ns ho had i heou -.wont to sob her, so touched liis . exacting liourtj that this sliortnoto was the result. : ' ' " ' ' Lucy, his noieo, had -been for a time very happy iu tlio midst of all ,her finery. When first invited to become a habitant of her uncle's homo, hor delight knew iip'- Ijoiimlo. The largo, cool house, a parlour-' and -boudoir secured to herself, seoiucd literally like paradise to her. To have her own maid, plenty of spending money, and a fine wardrobe, wns as near being in a state of beatitude as she could imagine. ; Molly's 111a id stayod on because sluTwas confident that Miss Stanley would come hack soino time. She could not endure that any one should take tho place of lior woli-beloved young lady. ' Sho never gave herself no airs, sho didn't,' muttered the girl. 'Anyone could see which was the lady.' Molly had declined more than half the invitations sho received to social gather ings. Lucy accepted every one . with eagerness, Consequently sho was some what faded that first winter, and hor uuclp often waited for her till the toast was cold. ' ' My dear, Molly nevor kept me waiting,' ho said now and then, and his very soul rebelled against tho edict he had given that his daughter was not yet to eomo to the house. 4 'I 'llit HH.In fnrtl I f.ltn lifflfi KlfliiTr ?aa1 I' he would mutter, bc-twoen his teeth, only .'is profanity was very much moro pro nounced. ' Hut she is true grit;' ard he ended 'with a lit of admiration for her courage. Ho seldom wont into society, so lie heard hut low of tho remarks of tho liusyhodies who pitied him and condemned Molly in tho same breath. Home was not the same to him now. He was a proud man, aud in his way vory fond of Molly. Her stately beauty, — at , least sho seemed stately to him, though sho was by no means tall, — her sweet good-morning kiss,— Lucy seldom kissed him, and he did not care for hor to do so, — her real lovo for him, for himself alone, — Lucy's faco beamed only whon ho gnvo her her allowance, — hor whole gracious loveliness, iu all home ministrations, were constantly in liis memory. Lucy helped liira on with his coat some times; alio kept- his dressing-gown and slippers in tho right place; she tried to remember, what' made for his comfort; but was not always successful. Molly never forgot things. lior habits were fixed. CHAPTER XIX. the rkokessou's verdict. '' The moaning of harmony goes deep. Tho windows of Professor Andromos's musical conservatory were open to tho soft, breeze.-, of the ocean. The professor lived iu ::n unfashionable quarter of the city, but in spito of that lie was tho musical lion of tho day. Everybody knew that lie ulioso. the pluc - because of its beauty and healtlifulnes-, t.i say nothing of the size of tho monster IMlU.lS. 'The professor gave instruction only in piano and violin. Tiio lattor instrument, in liis builds, told wild .-lories of lovo and romance, and ho was daily petitioned by courtly dames to give lessons to tlioir sous ami daughters at fabulous rates, . Opposite tho house was all old- fashioned square, daintily -laid out with flowering shrubs, trees, and Southern plants. Iron scats wrought into artistic patterns stood at various distances. O11 ono of these resting-places sat Nanny Gartia. Tho quiver of lato blossoms, sent dancing by the r.ol t air, stirred hor soul to melody. Hor deep, lustrous, spiritual oyos moved doliglitod from ono floral beauty to another. Nan was neatly dressed, yet horo tlio, impress of povorty in some curiously un defined way. Perhaps it was the stamp that penury, suffering, and self-denial, had loft upon hor faco, and that clung to hor person. Hor hair, abundant, glossy, and care fully dressod, flowed in loose, short curls from under a prim little liatfi Lying across her lap, the groon baize bag in which sho carried her .treasure,' held in place by a shapely hand, appealed pathetic ally to tho passer-by, proclaiming hor vocation as that of a Btroet musician. Onco or twice tho child looked opposite, up to tho window hanked and hanging with exquisito wreaths of colour, and contrasting dolioatoly with tho pearly gray tonos of tho groat liouso, built over a century ago. Prosontly tho door of the great mansion opened, nnd a young girl came out, lightly patting tho head of tho stone lion that guarded tho stops. ' She has a splendid dress on, liko all the rost,' murmured Nan, with a little im patient sigh. ' And some of thorn eomo in carriages,' slio went on, as a linndsomo equipage with glints of yellow light on the panels drove up, and tho footman opened the door for liis dainty mistress. ' Ah, nobody seems to bo coming out any moro : now it is your turn, little beggar.' Sho drow from tho pockot of lior dress Molly's letter in a square white envelope. Menntimo tlio professor was through with his work for tho day. Ho loft tlio piano, wliero lio had boon busy evolving a hricrhf. nwAnf. iirolnflo ' firtfl stood lookillfr into the square, his face framed in the vinos and gorgeously coloured blooiiis that lie cultivated in window pots. A knock sounded at the door. ' Come in,' ho said, then in a more im patient voice, 'Come in. Don't you hoar? Tlio door opened. Tho groat professor starod and wondered. Never had a creature so hopolossly ploboian crossed tlio threshold before. Generally His ushor, a gorgeous creature in gold and blue, heralded the visitor with a card 011 a silver salvor. How camo this ono un- horaldod ? Tiio lower door was open, sir. I didn't ring, but camo upstairs,' said tho child in a frightened voice. . ' Ah .' I'll givo Pierro the devil for this,' growled tho professor. Then, seeing tlio child's frightonod eyes, eyes liko those of soma startled, beautiful animal, ho changed his tone : ' Well, well, child, quick, what do you want? I haven't a dime — no, nor a penny ; but good Lord, thoro's a quarter — take it and go. I can't waste my timo, youngster.' ' Oh; air) T didn't eomo hogging. Did yon think I had, to you? I don't want the quarter, sir. I earn quartovs, myself, sometimes. But yon .spe my father was a musician, and I'd liko to forget. Hero's u letter for you, sir.' Tho eliild had hardly recovered from her fright, but slio was a bravo littlo thing, and swallowed the lump that kept rising iii hor throat. Tliis man looked so grand, . so utterly out of reach, in liis black silk volvot dressing gown faced with rod satin, arid the plush smoking-'cap -under -which liis grey, hair curled liko- a boy's. .- ; His eyes wore very black and piercing; ' too, and soomed to look lioi- through and fLrnno-ti Vor. slie wns liravo to keen hor courage up and tho tears down. Hih pupils wore gonerally more afraid of him than she. Taking the letter, the jirofossor wont to wards tho window, where Nan's startled, anxious glances took in all the glory of the Southern verdure. He put on his gold-rimmed glasses, and red as follows : ' Dear Professor Atinrtoitos, — You will renieinborthat I have been your pupil oyer since.'! was six years bid. That-, was fof;-twelve years. ' Now I liavo .a favor -t;o ask jyou, a very great favor. 'Ldoii'fc know that you will carp to grant it, but,. t all 1 if you only will 1 . '. . ' Littlo Nail Gartia, who will . hand you 4 'this letter, is a- protegee of mi icy. I think,- though ft poor little .orphan of . Jtalian parentage, sho is a diauiqnd in tho -rough. If not, t-hon suroly I am 110 judge' of precious things in -human nature. She has; also a violin that must bp of great value, for it has boon in lier family, as fai ns I can learn, nearly two hundred years. Hoi- great-gieat-graiidiatlier played . upon it, and it has the appearance of oxtremo age, as well as tho silvery, resonant tones of a masterpieco. Please, dear professor, don't frighten tho little creature with your patrician maimer, aud sent word to me tho vory least for which you will give lior one lesson a week, that is, if in your estimation she is worth the effort. I have found her quick, teachable, and far beyond .her ago in musical matters. She is, I think, gifted with roiuarkablo genius. ' Your friond and pupil, ' M olly Stanley.' Ah!' and a strong fno" took on agleain of good nature as ho phlled his long droop ing monstaclio. ' I can't rofuso what my child asks mo, can I ?' Ho loaked up reflectively. His 'child' Molly had always boon from tho time he first looked over hor golden head at tho grand piano, and laughed hocauso thn'littlo ono could not roach tlio pedals. Ho cast a furtive glance at tho -girl standing there. - ' Good oyes,' ho said to himself wider his breath. Presently lio saw a solitary tear roll over tho pale brown choek. The sight touched him. ' So you havo an old violin, oh ?' ho said, briskly. ' Want to soil ?' ' Oh, no, sir. It belonged to my father,' she said, simply, ' and my father is dead.' 'Ah, so: dead, is lio? Did I10 play ?' ' Ho played in orcho3t ra. Onco I10 was a leader, but nftor his long sickness lio- lost his place. At last lio had to play in tho street to support mother aud inc. Mother is dead too,' she went on, in a low voiob. (To bo continued.) Italy's income from foroign visitors is estimated at US, 000,000 a yonx-. There ero fower suicides proportionately in Ireland than any European country. A largo hailstone cracked in twain as it struck the road in Kentucky, during 11 hailstorm, and out stepped a lizard two inches long. Asia Minor was the chiof opintn market until the twelfth contury. Tlio Chinese obtained the drug in tho thirteenth century. - Residents of'Eugland have ill 10,000,000 invested in mortgages in foreign countries. Tlieso investments annually drain tho foreign countries of about J05, 500,000 in hard cash. Wavc-s travel faster than the wind which causes tliem, and in tlio Bay of Bis cay in calm weather a heavy sea fre quently rolls in on tho coast twenty-four hours boforo tho galo which causes . it arrives. 