THE STEWARDSHIP OF MI?; S.:MAUGER M.L.A,' .MEETING AT THE ROYArL HALL. ?Taia ' Royal Hall was crowded in every partion 'Wednesday. evening" last in re s-'ponae to the announcement that Mr S. Mauger M.L.A., together with other members of parliament, were'to deliver addresses upon the work of the last session;: Mr A. Turner presided, and the balcony and fronit seats, as well as a number of seats on the platform were occupied by ladies who took a lively in terest in the proceedings. Mr Manger, who was cordially received said that at the time he was contesting -the Footscray election he promised that at the close of each session he would address them upon the work done. They were aware that his parliamentary ex perlence had been short, the session being almost concluded at the period of his election, notwithstanding which his ex perience had been by no means unevent ful. He thought that the nine weeks he sat-in the House marked an epoch in the legisative history of the colony, for then was consummated various far-reaching and remarkable events in Parliamentary pro cedure. At the time he was introduced by Mr. Alfred Deakin, and the leader of the Opposition, Sir George- Turner; a change of Government had just taken place-he would not say that the change was desired by the, country, or-that there was a want of confidence in the :previous ministry-- and: it? was' expebcted-that.. as "soon asL the'-Hdouserot atwaht f 'cofff . \- deuce would.be direoted igalini t tlne now governmenit.-'Many matters weighed with Sir George Turner and his supporters, however, they recognising that such im portant measures as the State Teachers' Bill, the Meat Bill, and 'above .all the Shops and 'Factories Act were trembling c in the balance. They therefore'put the I welfare of the country before their own c interests, and postponed- from; time to t time the threatened aind well-deserved attack on the McLean Government. ' He c ventured to think that there was not a man or woman in the audience who would' 'deny p~aiise to the late ministry for- their ?action -in conserving 'the safety of those impoitant measures. To wreck those Bills 'c "would have :meant that sll the work, i axziety and self-sacrifice of the late Chief e Secretary would have beoon as nought, and a probably that the Shops and Factories Act would have been delayed for a con siderableo time. He did not think there was ihe faintest doubt that when the time did come for an appeal to the 'country, the' people would show their appreciation of,, the hard and consistent work performed by the Turner government, and would show their gratitude by returning them' r .triumphantly to power. '(Cheers.)' Or the occasion of his introduction to the p House lie took his seat in the Opposition J corner, and closely watched matters of" i public interest.- Acting on the sugges- h tion of his friends Ire said at the, sugges- ' tion of his friends advisedly, because it " was an unusual:thing for a niew member 0 to do so on the 'night he took his seat, he addressed a few words to the' AssemblyJ and:he received nothing but encourage. n ment and help, for which he was extrem- b ly.grateful.- Many - important :measures tt had : been 'placed. upon the statute books is -duridg:the last session of.Parliament, one al 'of the most important being the aboliti'on I of plural voting.land if Sir George Turner I and. his cabinet .had -not .succeeded in doing anything more they. were deserving ' of the best thanks of the' working classes of Victoria. (Applause).' The electoral. h system of thei colony was '.by 'no means perfect, but at the :next'election ' for the q first time.in .Victoria, every, man would c, -.-ve equalivoting power, for no 'man - Swon.b e alloiwedmed to vote more than once. ai The" posisi"n of the State School teachers. is had been improved by thoe nergy:of' the t late Chief Secretavy; unan itte'a-s'iiti''ti=-'" fimg to note,:?ihat the- McLean-Ministry" b paid atgreat deal of attentioifto the words - and advice of members of thelate goverri. S' meint; tio ,Mr..Beat -when Isa: question h affecting. land cropped up;. and to Mr c Peacock for the elucidation of principles' of factory legislation.' Then again. there - was the Meat Supervision Bill, essentially 'a matter-affecting 'the metropolitan area in'view of the danger of the plague break-' Sng out, a Bill,.which, without- question, I would'largely tenid'to:conserve the health ti of th'e people of the meitropolis. - But the t1 greatest triumph' of the session, paling every' other measure almost into insignifi cance; as far tas' thbo workers were con Serned, was. the passing of the.Shops and Factories'. Act after many hours of close watching,. imploring, petitions ' and' a' conference of representatives) of' both' Houses. He was deeply anxious that tle efforts of Mr Peacock should be handed down to posterity with the name of Sir r George-Turner attached, for the 'splendid result of their efforts.' Whatever gratitude his audience might feel for the passage of 'thie Act through' 'the -Assembly and the Council. Was due to Mr Peacock; whatever his critics, the Clhairman of the Chamber of Manufactures, or anyone else. might say; . The measure was not placed upon the Statute book without an im -mense amount 'of wo'rk; for even after it "'went 'through. the Assembly 'it -was in iinmminent peril, for there '°vwas a ,.posaibility. ofl itsultimiate rejection or loss ufitil 'the: conclusion of the confer'ence between the twobHounees. The members 'who wished to see the Bill passed anxi: S- ously. watched the proceeding, for they were greatly worried leatanything should upset their work.'They .had seen the I s weater's work; seen women working from eairly morn till midnight for a miserable :pittanco, had heard 'the bitter cry of tli?" sw"'ieated tailoreoses making m?en'a mole skins for sixpence a pair, knew that the i Sbakers were working for from 15s to 17s perweek, and ,thus knowing all the good i that even a moiety of factory legislation Swould give; it-was not a matter for wonder that he watched'the proceedinas of that I conference anid subsequent debate in the council, with t~Il'deepest anxiety. He :(Mr :Mauger), 'iccompanied by Mr Pea , rcli was in fact' :?so anxious,to see:tbe ft etBll'beo' law~i ' it"tleh felt Impelled. to go 'into the stranger's gallery of the 'Council, and entrerit, argue, and beg the ".members not to thwart the decision of the' conference, and the highest and, best interests of the working pedple of the : community. That he was not called.to order was owing no doiubt,. to. the fact I \- that tho. members ricognised that a "nympathetic voice was speaking. :Vhen the safety of the measure was assured; he : _went 'through the Hduse remarking "It's allright,' ?aiid it was a. wonder to him that he was hot named for diaiorderly conduct. E-le was indeed deeply elated when relieved 'of the burden of anxiety, and knew that the positions of thousands' of toilers in this metropolis would be'.im. ..proved. The provisions of the "Act were well-knowon, and he might mention that :the Trades' Hall Council and the Anti Sweating League were endeavouring by o: rganization to have all trades brought unnder its operations. He thought, and \- many others thought similarly, that it was :the duty of the Government to enumerate the various trades to be brought under the operationof the Act, instead of the ques tion being left to private members, be cause under the latter system there was always a possibility of other, and perhaps less important business pushing it aside. At present the only way to include other trades was by organization and by supply ing up-to-date information to the Conm mission about to institute enquiries. He hoped to see the adoption of a universal 'half-holiday for shop employees, which was another question where combined " hotion was necessary. In connection with :'the:Royal Commission referred to, he .desired to state that MIr Peacock had beeji appointed its chairman, and he ventured to think that if a poll of the whole colony : had been taken no other man would have had : ghost of a 'showI' It was a positi0n'that would entail a great amount of self-sacrifice on his part, but he felt assured that Mr Pea cock would do his best to present Parliament with a report which would be fair, straight forward, and woulo not show any partisan. The largest and most influential firms in the" city had been placed under the operations of the Act, the latest application being from the cigar makers, one of the largest employers, Jacob Hart and Co.; having signed.a docu ment undertaking to do their utmost to have the cigar trade included. He supposed that one of the trades which had benefited most by the Act was the butchering trade, and the men engaged in that calling owed a debt of gratitude to Mr Pecock for his humane measure. The Act was not an employees bill alone, it was just as much an employers Bill as was evidenced by the fact that two-thirds of the best employers were in favor of factory legislation. They had nothing to fear from paying good wages, working reasonable hours, and doing the proper, thing regarding appren tices, anymore than he had to fear the com mandment "Thou Shalt not Steal." It would only interfere with the sweater by forcing him to the same standard as the others; and com pelling all employer to start fiom scratch. He had Ipromised to oppose goods manufactured by prison labour entering into competition with outside industries, and hliewas of the opinion that all prison goods sbould be so stam ped and placed on the market at current rates, and thiis be 'preventd from undercutting the work off, e labour;: There was no tramway service- to Footscray, and but an indifferent train'service. He'recogniaed that as an in -dustrial community they were being treated unfairly, and he was doing his best, with others, by continually agita foing to get what is just and right. 'He pirmised that he would come and live in Footscray and he had done no;. IIjpromised. that he would identify him self with. alli 'floc',"spiritionsi, soptal.:. muno-. promise..to'the 'bst of his abal'ty, -Some of his friends; urged him to take a rest and give up his position as secretary. of the Protectionist League, and the Anti-Sweating League, but despite his inclina'ion to take a rest he deter mined to continue his work, especially as they were on the eve of some very great changes in connection,with the coming federal bisiness. He felt sure, therefore, that they would not charge him with egotism: when he told them that day and night, week-days and Sundays, he had devoted himself, to the interests of. his constituency. He desired'them to secure the advantages to be derived from' factory legis lation;'to endeavotr to forward the interest of their employers, not to' do'themi- injury, ind then the future would be bright with promise. He had givers the best part of his life in an eadeavour to help the workers, and they in their tIrn wonld have to do .their part or his efforts on their behalf would prove futile;'for as the poet truly said " Rise' I for the day is passing, And you'lie dreaming on; The others have buickled.their armour, And forthito the fight have gone;'.. A place in the ranks awaits you, -Eadh man has some pirt to play; t ' The'past and the future are looking In.the face of the stern to-day. , Mr. Maugsr was heartily: applauded on resuming his seat.. The Hon..A. J..Peacock followedi and after paying a tribute to the memory of the lateMr J. Hancock, M.L.A.; made a lengthy speech inwwhich: he remarked, that the cbtef object of his visit was to bear testimony to,the hard work done by Mr Mauger" on :behalf of the workers of Victoria.' He regretted the ousting, ol'the" Turner government, which after.. its hard work'-had been treated ungenerouslyby the Legislative Assembly. --He was not going to disclose .whatr would happen when Parlia ment meets, but:ho. felt convinced that the McLean. Government would have a hard job to get through the' session.: The remainder of Mr. IPeacock's address constituted a defence against the attack made upon him by ,Mr. F. T: Derham, Chairman of the, Chamber ..of Manufactures. . . His 'renrlks ;concluded, a pretty little daughter" of' Mr. J. Thoinson, of the local Woollen Mills, handed to Mr. Peacock a floral horse-shoe, to which"a ribbon was attached,: hearing words to the effect that the presen tation was made for the women workers of Footscray in recogoition of Mr.' Peacock's efforts on theirhbehalf. The' recipient-.expressed his grrtification, and promised that. he would bring the future Mrs:P Eecock'down to Footscray'some dayto thank the.~'Idies"in.a properimanner , ', a: __: SMr..R:T?1 Bst ;M L.A:;neaxt' addressed the nieeting,iaod in the course of his remarks spoke highly of Mr Maiger's' untiring energy in'. the service of the working classes. .Mr Mauger had, the speaker said, been one of the lead oing spirits In factory, legislation, and none could deny his exceptional work. Mr.Bromtey, M.I.A., also spoke' at length nn a similar strain..: A hearty vote of thaiiks was accorded the speakers on the.. motion of Mr J.-Davev,' seconded by Mr Liversidge, and supported by Mr W. C. Kelly, vice-president :of the Pro tionist Association, a similar compliment to the chairman concluding a very successful meeting. ' 