mtmm. T he W eal A ustralian referendum completes the w ork of Federation. W ithout tbe inclusion o f tb e g re a t W estern province the U nion would avu beeu im perfect and nnGatiefac lory, th e m oro bo became i t baa a ll along been evident th at th e peoplo tbrzoselres were anxioos to join the CtmmonweaUb, and have, much against th e ir w ill, been used by tbeir leaders and msJooutents elsew here ae au obstaole to th e work of bringing about A ustralian Union. U p to the very day of th e poll our m orning contem porary hinted th a t it w as quite ponible th a t W rst A ustralia would reject th e Commonwealth Bill, a u d y e ta s soon as the voting was d e ­ clared it posed a s au auth o rity w hich prediotod au absolutely accurate result. This rem arkable adroitness in banishing the reoollootion of ju st previously expressed opinions is shared in common with 6 ir Jo an Fobeibt, who now professes to be elighted a t tbe deeieion recorded, nd we only note it in passing as an vidence of the unreliability of tbe orecast* m ade by those who ltogether unsssoeiated w ith eople, b u t who ^>os* w ith singular nd ludiorons audaoity as representaives of publio opinion whilst they are uite o a t of touch with the people. * ie idle now to disouss the abstract riooipl© of Federation, o r to point ut the terrible defecta th a t are to be onDd in the Commonwealth Bill. be now C onsti'ation has been framed y em inent aud representative men, t has been endorsed by the people to hom its provisions will apoly, and t hss been approved by the Im perial uthorities. M qch of it* auccef-e u st depend upon the loyalty dia layed- by the S taiss in aaaptiug h eir m sohioery to the new form of overnm ent, as well »s opon tbe baraoter oftbsmwu w bosre elected t< erve in the first Federal P arliam ent W e h a re urged, re p e .fe d lj and emphatically, th a t tb s w ork of re adjusting our local afiairs to tu e new conditions th a t have daw nsd should be undettakeu w ithout delay, th a t it m ay be done with deliberation and oars, but on the o th er hand drifting politioia&e;, who are anxious to retain tbe greatness of tb e present stale ae loDg as possible, have ergoed th a t to attem p t anything of tbe kind would be akin to gauging the unknown. W ait, tLujr ssy, until we have had some expcrisuoe o f the aew syeiem before you ask us to prepare for it. This is a new type of statec ra ft truly, and w hilst i t may be applied to petty m attets auob m bviotioos, boycotts, aod tbe imposi tioti of rack rente, it cannot be auoosssful in dealing with national affairs. W ben a n event has transpiied one m an is generally quite aa well inform ed concerning it as another, b u t we look to politicians to provide for oootingensies th a t are expected as fbe resu lt of legislation, and the m ore successful tb e ir efforts in this direction th e g reater are benefits conferred upon th e people. I t is quite tru e th a t none of ns can say w ith at y degroe of accuracy w hat fleet Federation will hare opon our b ts te finances, b u t it is quite inoorrect to declare that anytbiug th a t is kuown or anticipated need have prevented tb e T reasurer from propoeiog a remission of Customs duties for the aomiug year. W e need n o t disouss this aspect of the question ju s t now. The House of Assembly h as tacitly approved uf tbe Y es N o policy of tbe Cabinet, whicb on tb s one hand baa refrained from proposing remission* of taxation, so that o u r liabilities m ay be reduoed wben we enter the Union, and at tb e same tim e has prom ulgated extravagant a n d partially-fram ed proposals in regard to public w orks whioh m ust inorease the debt of th e Oniony very considerably. I t wosld bo difficult fo r Mtaisfeera to reconcile (he conflictin g elements in tbeir policy, bat happily they have n ot been oalled opon to do so, for th e reason th a t our P arliam ent has s rriw d a t tbe norm ally drow sy oondition of the door-mouse depicted in “ A lisa in W onderland.” Individually, nsarly all tbe members of the Cabinet-, especially the Prem ier, are highly respected, and beoause everyo-je prefers th a t they should occupy the Treasury Benches instead s f th eir opponents no one is prepared tu puih critioiam to the point wbioh m ight endanger th e fate of tbe M inistry. T be existenoe of suoh sondition*, praotioally oonatitnling au era of irresponsible government, oaonot be regarded ae satisfactory; and yet m ost people believe th a t it is better fo r the Colony than the only al live that is ju s t now available. B ut freedom from oontrol should absolve M inisters from tb f d u ty of preparing fo r Federation in a m anntr lik ely to mak* t tte s t i r o rd e r of th in g s aooeptable to tbe pQblic, and, however obtuss the Treasurer and bis colleagues m ay profees to be iu regetd to tbe effeot of Union in some directio n s, th ere a re others iu re g a rd to w hioh they w ill surely not venture to plead ignoranoe. I n a huckstering, cunning kin d o! way we have m ade some preparations fo r Federatio n already. W e have harried th e erection of new P o et and Telegraph Offioesand Custom Houses, because it is supposed th a t the bmldingo will be taxed by* th e Com ­ monwealth, and w e are going to charge an inoeeased ra te for eervioea rendered by the railw ays to th e P ostal ilepartm e& t, bo th a t in days to Come the Oommonwealth will have a larger sum to p ay us annually. W e do not eay th a t either or any of th ese things is not quite justifiable, b u t it seems th a t M inisters o ught to be juBt as eager to secure a m duotion in expenditure as they are to acquire the utm ost fraction of rovrnae under Federuiiju. T he d tp .rtm euta of Dofcuce, Customs and P ost and Telegraphs will pass from o a r keeping when tbe new Constitution has been proclaimed, and consequently tb tre will bs less w ork alike for M ioisteksaod P arlisu len l t? do. W e shall pay our sh are of th e salary of the G ov-rnor-G jnoral; aud oonOC queiitly tho position of G overnor of the Colony, w hich w ill bo liss im portant (ban it is nnw, should bo less costly to tbe ratepayers, yet, if we are to judge by I ho forecast th a t h&j; been given, it is not proposed to effect s u j saving. Can it bo th a t M inisters believw th a t they have only to adm inister eind th a t tbey e re quite entitled to refrain from d rin g anything that would give tronblo o r cost tbom parliam entary support. I f this be Mr. Lewis and his colleagnes actiug up to tb e full letter of their belief, and have only to restrain tbs unpleasant im petuosity of one of tbeir colleagues to sail along smoothly ootil the halcyon days wheu their on* form idable rival ia removed from tbe arena of oompeii<ioti I t is well to rem rm ber, however, that this bappj-go- lueky system meant heavy additional cost in tbe m icbiocry of G overnment. I f our Parliam ent is to be m aintained at its present uumorisal strength and coat (aud M inisters are eveu now proposing to increase th r salarirs of certain well paid officials) and our various departm ents are to undergo □o cbangp, tbe udvaDtagee of Federation will discounted by tbe heavy initial •xpsuses th&t; will be imposed. Id South A ustralia drastio redactions are contem plated, and in the other coloDir-s it is generally adm itted th a t it will bs necessary to red nee tbe provincial establishm ents under Federation. W e arc nor. eware th a t there are any circum stances which oan justify Tasm ania's Ministers iu holding an opinion difleroot to that which prevails elsewhere, and w* are quite certain th a t nothing can justify tbera in so long delaying the consideration of tb e new situation by Parliam ent. Tbe Prem ier m ust know from experience ti a t any effort to reduce thr, n am b ir of member* of Parliam ent will be surrounded with difficulties, m-d th a t tbe reforms whicb should be made in othi directions will require long aod car*- fnl o)Dsiderati'>B. Tbe session is ntesdily progressing., and th ere is just th e danger that th is —tbe moat im ­ portant work of a ll—will bo relented to its closing days. Cleveland aura—The Hon, tbs Treasurer, accompanied by the number for the district (‘ApUic W. H. T. Browo) ▼i6iied Cleveland on Saturday, mud inspected the Stale Scb-iol and Post Ofie*. I d both buildings it was fouod that tain repairs were needed, aDd that alterations were also reqnired in the school. Tbee-e will probably be attended to shortly. Tee BnMKH Puaaux —The Central UoBrd of Health forward* a pamphlet ci taining a paper on the influence of rats the dissemination of plague by Professor Simpson, M.D., of London. The professor deals with hi-, subject at length showing that tbe identity of the rat plague tbe human plague was established i epidem ic a t Bong K ong ia lb 9 i, ab(] th a t tbe information then obtained proved particularly valuable in draliog with the outbreak at Calcutta in 1836. TI urges tbat although rata are not the enly agents in spreading plague, though they e at the commencement tbe principal es, and tbeir destruction is a great step eradicatii gthsoutbreak whsrevsritmay occur. Yaluable information ia given to the destruction of rats, and the paper will no doubt be of servioe to the local health an.thori.tie*. Five years guarantee given with the world-renewped Brinsmead Pianos Customs Brruftwa. — Tbe following ar* the Customs returns at Hobart and Launceston for tbe week ending 4th Aagnt, 1 9 0 0 - Hobart—Duties, A3G01 18s 6d ; wharfage, A80 4» 6d; light dues, jE28 18s 3d j barbor dues, AS miscellaneous, £41 11* ; bond r charges, A18 6i 8 d ; overtima, £38 l t t fid | ssmplee, 8»; total, £3800 g( 8d. Launssston — Duties, £4188 Ct lOd | charges, £266 8i 6d ; runts, £80 14i Id, samples, fis < tote], £4480* Sa Id. 1’xiLaMsKTAET—1 he following probates have boon isseed ^William Alexander Bald to James Mnir Bald and Donald Michael, £346; Amelia Harrap to George Edward Hsrrsp and William Martin, £8066; David Thomas Gaul to Patrick Gaul, £61. Log Cabin and Welcome Nugget Tobacco*, afeCxABNi Bros.’, Elixabetb and Murray streets. Crrr Pouex C ocet—The Mayor and Alderman Kerr presided at this Court today. Charles Russell, or Gerdon, pleaded not gailty to stealing a mackintosh coal on Batarday last, the property of Brownell Brothers, and on the application of Me A. JE. Richardson, who appeared for tbe acaused, a remand was granted until Wednesday next. Joseph Cewthray, tbe yennger, pleaded not guilty to assaulting Sergeant James Newatead on Saturday afternoon last. Mr Richer jion applied for a remand until Wednesiay next. The •nperintendant of Police epposed the application, and said that the assault woe one of a most aggravated character, end the ruffians who committed attacks of this nature should be punished witbont delay. The Mayor said be would great a remand to enable tbe accused to show tbat he was not the man who struck tbe officer. If Cewtbrey could not bring witness#* to prove h-s innoeenoe he would have to pat up with the consequences. TasKi-xian PesTai,-TBbBSRxra Aseoeu- :o»—At a general meeting of officer* of the Pest and Telegraph Department, held a t the General Post Office on Saturday evening, the rule* governing the newlyformed Association wsra submitted and confirmed. Tbe election of ofisera resulted as fo llo w sP atro n , Hon Stafford Bird (Psitmsster-Gensral) i President, Mr H. V. Beylj; Committee, Mnssre H. L. DVBiaden, J. W. Clinch, J. P. O’Brien, B. H. Hannaford, W. Gosconb( George JohnstoD, and F. R. N;«hols( Hon Tre-tenrer, Mr A. Oldham; and Hen Secretary, Mr R. Q. Mesgher. Tee meeting decided that a monthly journal be published in connection with the Association. If yos require a Piano call and inspect before deciding. Brinsmead Depot, 87 Elisabeth street. Pision Homimo—On Saturday afternoon a •uoty’ssful Match was flown by tho members of tbe Battery Print Homing Society from Paratteh, wben the winning bird put up a record far the Clab, and mode bis fourth oon*eontive win, having secured four first* and one third from five •tarts, e truly remarkable performance. T ee resalt of the match was *• follows H r W. Lonegrove’s Captain Camsron, filmina 6*ess, 1 > Mr W. G ilW s Wait-on, Ih r 8nin« tOisn, 2; H u m Nicholl* rad Hiaigb'f Warsfah, lh r Omins 48s*oa, 8. T m Bb it l it Seabow — U r Welter < Bentley,snpp*rfeed by the Douglas-Ansslon will open Maddox, hristian. Log Cabin and Welcome Nugget obeecot, a t Crarms B&os.;’, Elitabefr and t urray streets. L i n s m B-kok—The third (jn.rt.tly meeting of the Hobart Licensing Benoh wei held tbis ihorning. The cht taken by Mr Bernard Shaw, and ____ were present—Messrs E, M. Fisber, A. Riddocb, Aldermen. Hlddlestone,, Johnson, Smith, Bradley, and the Mayor (Mr J. G. DeTies), the Clerk of the Peace (Me W. O. Wise), and tbe Clerk of P etty Session* (Air Lloyd R, Chambers). The following city transfers were' agreed to—Riohard H art from Margaret Ritchie Lawton, Metropolitan Hotel, Murray stre e t; James Frank Sibley from John Harding Fllen, Park Hotel, Letitia stre e t; William Yerrell from Joshua Jackson, Crescent Hotel, Barnett street. An application was mod* by Gerald btdwazd Ambrose Clark for permission to sell at tbe Fern Tree, where the premlats bad been partially destroyed by fire. Mr D H. Crisp appeared on brhalf of the applicant. The Bench, after a short retire ment, derided to grant the application. The Chairman said that the matter had first come before biaaself aod another justice, bnt they conld not agree matter, and the question was subsequently submitted te another Oonrt of Petty Sessions, consisting of two justices, and the permit was granted. The Bench considered it tbeir duty to uphold tbeii decision Tub Hi »h Couuibsiosbb—Governor- General Hcpetoun has filled the office of Lord High Commissioner for tbe Asismbly of the Church i-f Scotland. Anyone who has been in Edinburgh a t tbe rime wben tb* Presbyterian Assembly opens can testify to tbe impressive nature of tbe ceremouiRl. There is a solans march in that grand old High street, and Edinburgh lofiks its belt as you gate along tbe tall bonsM of the hilly thoroughfare over to New Town and..beyond Leitb, with tbe ehippiog in the broad Forth and the hasy mountains, while behind and above you is tbe towering height, surmounted by Edinburgh Caetle. As Lord High Commissioner Lord Hope to an had tbe pleasure and responsibility of delivering the Annual Address at tbe early age of twenty-sight, with all the dons beforehimj a gathering of intellect not to be sarpassed in Y.iirope trom a theological standpoint. Supplied to Her Majesty Queen Victoria and Royal Family—Brinsmead Pianos. St. Mart' s Catmbrxl—At St. Mary’s Cathedral yesterday morning, the Bar. Father O'Reilly made tombing reference to the lamented death of tb* Dake of Ssxe-Ce nrg, and tbe cruel assassination of the King of Italy. At the conclusion of tbe ssrrice tht choir sang “ Domine Saloom Yae," end Mr B. McCann, the organist, played ” The Dead March in Saul." In the evening Father Gilleran alluded to the two regretful events, and ia the course of his remarks sptke eulogistically of tbe Qneeo. Tb* rev. gentleman lso referred to the Governor, regretting bis departure from Tasmania, and wishng him God-spead on bis journey borne. e said Lord Gormanston was an example his religion. Tax SONbr Bat Ap*aaittoh—We bare received several letters in regard to tbis matter. Our o«&correspondent;, who is thoroughly reliable asd painstaking, very keenly resents tbe statement anode by Ur Yince that he should have bean more earefel as to bis foot* before eending tb*m for publication. He had no reason to donbt tbe accuracy of tbe statement mode by the two girls, end cerfceioly was justified in transmitting the information to tbe offise. Then tbe girls themsslves write to correct the statement reads by Mr Vines. They say they eaw "th e ghost” bsfore they met that gentlemen, and are positive thet tbey here not mad# any mistake abeat tbe matter. It is quite clear, whether the Sandy Bay sc*re is real or imaginary, that someone is indulging in a heartless series of terrorism, and it seems to us that it would not require a very great amount of ing«anity on the part of the polios to apprehend him. Log Cabin and Welcome Nagget Tobaccos, atCxARNe fiaos.’, Elizabeth and Hurray streets. PaiSXWTATJOff MT Cc&FOXATItH; WoXXu ih —On Saturday last tbe employees of tbe Hobart Corporation assembled in the Mayor’e Courtroom of the Town Hall and presented a handsomely illuminated aod engrossed address to Mr John Barren, Overseer of Works, upon bis retirement from the ssrvicss of the Corporation, after having held tbe appointment for 10 years, end been in the Corporation's service over 20 years. Tbe address was prepared in a very artistic manner by U r F. W. firient, end fixed in a massive old gold frame. The Meyer, in making tbe presentation os behalf of the employees, spoke very highly of Mr Barren’s services At tbe same rime he nod always beeu just and straightforward towards tbe men under him, and thereby also eecured their respeet and esteem It was much regretted that ho found it necessary to resign, but it was gratifying tbat Mr Barren wee being succeeded by Lib son. Mr Barren replied in suitable terms, assuring them tbe address would be very highly prized by bimself and family. A vote of thanks to tbe Mayor was passed amid cheers, and the proceedings terminated. We regret th at owing te an oversight this presentation was not recorded in onr colemn on Saturday last. Y.M.C.A —Tb# association held tbeir usual public gospel temperance meeting on Saturday night in the rooms, when there was a large attendance. Mr Stranger eccupied the chair, and gave a stirring address on gospel temperance work, whicb much enjoyed by those present There was a capital programme supplied by the following lodiss and gentlemen—Hisses Terry and Cleery. Messrs Hope end Ikin. Mrs McCollum presided at the organ. A short prayer meeting was held, when one young men signed the pledge. A very pleasant meeting woe brought to e close by singing the Doxology. You can purchase on rim* payment i»Q<-s at 80s monthly. Brinsmead. Nuw Walts.—F rom Messrs J. Walch and Sons we have received a copy of the Guietppe W altz/’ by Mies Blaie Fox, aud published by Wiekens u f Co., London. Tbe music i* bright and rippling, geing with a swing that is intensely pleasing. Miss Fox.it may be stated, is a resident of Colebrook, and is to bs congratulated upon hei.eftort os a composer. Tbe Garrison Bandmaster has arranged the welts for fall orchestra. ExcoRBiex to Glrnora—I'he excursioe train ran to Glenora and the Derwent Valley J beauty spots yesterday was well patronised, as many as 600 persons availing themselves of tbe splendid opportunity offered for a moat enjoyable and refreshing trip 'into the country. Tb* train left shortly after 8 p.m., returning to towQ at 6 p.m., in ample time for fulfilment of suing engagements. Piano* by English and German makers time payment. Brinsmead Show Rooms, Puoflr’s Comcbrts—Tbe next of the series ef popular oosoeits arranged by Ur E. A. tjsacey will take place this evening at tbe Temperanee Hall. A capital programme has been prepared, and fiivroni will appear in new hamoriima and comicalities. Tbe concerts have come to be looked upon as a regular institution, and increasing in popularity as the series proceed*. TaoBKj*AL SsueoL—A lecture will be given at tbe sobool this evening by Mr Samuel Cletees on " Bacteria.” It seems as if we are in for a eentinuation of this wet weather, for it rained on Snnday last, tbe 16th inst., that being Ht Switbin’s Day, and, as the old proverb lays, “ St Cwitbin’s Day and it ao raia for forty dty it doth remain ; 6 t Swikhin's Day aud it be fair, for forty days it rains ne moir.” So yon bad better bs prepared to ba'tie against tbe element* by wearing on* of onr Gent*' Mackintosbe*. 19s J, or Blaey Coat 12s fid; Bluey Trousers, Us Gd» Bluey Suit, 89s fid ; Overcoat, with Cape, 18s 6d ; fioo'-Westen, 2i Ud i Gil Coats, leather bound, 16s fid; Oil 1 roussrs, 6* lid | Umbrellas, from 2s lid to 12s fid ; Ladias' Ulsters, 6s lid ; Capas, 6* lid ; Umbrellas, ls lid , 2s fid, 2s Ud, 8b fid, i t lid, up to 12s fid. A> E. P laib tiu aud o., Tbe People's Drapers, 96 Elisabeth treet (Lloyd s Buildings), 