Comic CatffthgB. A' sensible girl has no more use for fresh young man than for one that Is stale. "I feel tor you deeply," said the hungry man, probing about In the soup-bowl for a stray oyster. " I like to hear a baby cry," said. a crusty old bachelor. " Why ?" " Because then the little nuisance is taken out of the room." Sapsmith (sentimentally) : "What Is sad der than to have loved and lost ?" Heuny- pec'k (promptly) : " To have loved and got bar." She : " Is It true, darling, tbat you gave (the minister £3 for marrying us ?" He : " Yes, but keep it. to yourself. I was never so swindled in my life." "That dog Certainly seems almost human at times," said old Mr. Fussy. " Yes," said Mrs. Fussy, " he growls over his food quite as much as you do." " When I visit Blackpool In the summer I always pay a visit to my old landlady." " Well, I suppose It's only right that you should pay her something, old man." He : " What ? Is Mrs. Wedalot going to be led to the altar for the third time ?" She; " No. a ebould fancy not. She ought to be able to find the way herseir by this time." Mrs. Cumso : " Your husband dresses very quietly." IMrs, Cawker ; " Lots he ?" "You ought to bear him when he can'-t find his collar, or his sleeve-links become mislaid." Mr. Brown : " Good morning, Mr. Jones ; how's your wffe V" Mr. Jones who was deaf aud didn't quite understand) : " Very blustering aud disagreeable again tbis morn ing." " Al splendid stroke ! Did you follow the ball, caddie ?" " No, sir ; but 1 tbiok tbat gentleman wit-h the red coat can tell wbere it struck. 1 see him a-rubbin' 'isself pretty much." Ikey : " Please, farder, give me a half penny for ice cream. 1 am to hot!" Father : " ikey, mein sbon, dot is a vaist of money. I will tell you a fine ghost story flat will make your blood run coid." Young Lady : " I can only be a sister to you— no more." Ho : " Thanks. That is very good of you. Have you spoken to your mother of it yet ?" Young Lady : " Of what ?" He : "My adoption ! " " Do you realise, young man," said "the parson, " when you l-eiite to rest at night Lhat you may be caked before dawn?" " Why, of course I do," was the response. " I'm the father of a ihrte- weeks-oid baby." Mrs. Motherly : Wliy is it, George, that you have never thought seriously of getting married ?" George; "frou misunderstand me, Mrs. Motherly, 1 have always thought , of it so seriously that 1 am still a bachelor." j Jackson : " How's your family ?" John- , son : "Pretty well, thank you !" "Any of 1 your daughic-rs married ye. ?" " No ; aid I I can't understand why they don't go off. j They use powder c-nougu, goodness knows !" I De Jones ; " hear your firm discharged you." Sniythc : " y cs ; but 1 wouldn't m n 1 that so much if l ln-y hadn't added insu.t to injury." Ue Jones : ' How so?" Smy-tbe : "They advertised for a boy to fill my piace." Perfectly Serene : " Ever quarrel with your wife ?" " No." " Have any trou-blo with your servants ?" " No." C.illdren -worry you ?" " No." " Gr.at Caesar, man: how's tbat ?" "Ain't married ; live by my self." Enamoured Youth: " Your fathor seems worried about somolhing to-night." Sweet Girl : " Yes, poor pa has so many business cares." Little Brother ; " Tbat isn't It. He's mad because the big dog he bought didn't come." A young man who knows all about it states that his experience has taught him that a flirt Is a fool who delights in fooling girls, and tbe fool who is fooled by such a fool is the foolishest kind of a fool. He's been fooled badly. „ Pedestrian ; " So you want work, do you ? Well, you can get it by going lo that fac.ory over there. There is a placard on the door saying there is work for both sexes." Tramp: " Sorry, sir ; but that don-t belp me. 1 be long only to one sex." " Goodness ! We shall miss the first act," she said Impatiently. " We've been waiting a good many minutes for that mother of mine." " Hours, I should say," ho replied somewhat acrimoniously. "Ours ?" cried she, rapturously. " Oh, George, this is so sudden !" Than she fell upon his neck. Mrs. Smith (thoughtfully) ; " I'm afraid I shall have to stop giving Bobby tbat tonic the doctor left him." Mr. Smith (anxious ly) : " Why, isn't he any better ?" Mrs. Smith ; " Oh, yes ! But he has slid down the banisters six times ahls morning, broken the hall- lamp, two vases, a jug, and a looking glass, and I don't feel as If I could stand much more." Captain Mahan, tho first American Peace Commissioner to arrive in New York on bis return from The Hague, was met by tbe UEual army of interviewers. But Mrs. Mahan stepped forward, and said to the re porters, " I think you might let me talk to the captain a little while now. I have not scon him for five or six months, and " Wonderful to relate, the American Pressmen at once withdrew. 