V : Later on in the afternoon the same old timber , pirate was collared red- handed with a load of dead -wood, most of which was white- dry branches. He was ordered to throw it off, and trot back home ''again. 'But, shure,' he asked, ' and what is the ? prieBt to do without 'em ?' '. Does the priest send you for firewood on Sunday?' inquired the police man. ' That is not firewood,' said the venerable \- ,j splinter rpinoher, pointing to the load of withered ''wbdd. ' 'Then what the deuce is it?' demanded the officer. 'Why, shure, now,' replied the ancient bloekade-runner, knowing the constable attended the same church as himself, ' they're merely a nice little lot ot evergreens that I'm takin' along to Father James for the decoration of his . . ehurch?'. 'Pass on,' said the policeman; ' an ?xcuse . like that ought to be good enough to get ..' ? even an old reprobate like yourself into Heaven.' ooo '' , Dbar FIiOWBkbts,— Before closing to-day I hav e a few words to say concerning the admirable sug gestion made in our last issue by our good kind hearted ' Peggy.' Her proposal that you should help to furnish even one bed in the Boys' Home at WeBtmead is one that I trust you will respond to with all your might and main. /And remember .what a very great work can be performed by little v handsVwhen all unite cheerily, and give ' a long pull, and a strong pull, and a pull all together.' ' Many of you probably have good parents r who will tell you that some .of the most superb ''. cathedrals in Ireland were built mainly by the pennies given by the poor, the majority of Whom \- 'had to deprive themselves of. some of life's neces 'flaries in order to be able to make their humblebut ' all- acceptable offerings. One of the sublimest of caen— even though he was a pagan— most truly ') ~ ?? declared that the man who soothed the pain or dispelled the sorrow of a fellow- creature came '' 'nearest to being a god. Think of thati dear ? 'Flowerets,' and you will be thankful that you have been shown a sure but simple way in which you can most effectually help to ease the pain and bring gladness to the hearts of the poor little orphan boys at WeBtmead. And furthermore, ^ remember the old saying, ' He who gives quickly gives twice.' Do not be like the very learned yet r very foolish doctors who argued and wrangled for a week trying to decide as to what was the best \\. .treatment to employ in the case of a patient who was grievously ill and then discovered, when they had finally agreed, that the unfortunate man had died three days before. Nothing would give me greater pleasure than to see a ' Flowerets' bed in the Westmead Home, and nothing eould more loudly proclaim that you were true, loving fol lowers t -...of Him who declared He would reward those who gave even as much as a oup of eold water in His name. Set to work at once, dear ' Flower ' ;ets,' and God bless and speed your noble efforts. ' 0 0 O . Thoughtful 'Peggy's' graceful apology for a certain remiBsnesB on my part reminds me that I owe some debts to kind Fbbbhah friends for which I must beg an ' extension of time' for payment. Nothing worries me more than a letter which I have left unanswered. It follows me everywhere, like a ghost or a deadly dun, and continually pesters me to sit down and deal with it at once. I u' do so, and immediately another letter rushed along to keep the worry going. Nothing giveB me greater pleasure than to receive nice, ch atty, comforting letters, and I love to answer them also, but I have fallen on evil times of late, end I want my cher ished correspondents to keep on writing, but to {'- also excuse me if I am tardy in replying* It is necessary to give my sight all the rest that is pos sible, so the 'kiddies' (as that awful girl 'Peggy'' irreverently calls them) help materially with my writing, and their good mother attends to my read , ing, and thus we battle bravely along together, but \- the pleasure of writing private notes to my many .-kind friends must be limited to the least possible : — measure. But I trust they will continue to write to me, for the knowledge that I am remembered by them will be one of the greatest pleaourep left to 1 '' ' ' cheer the remainder of my days. 