"Whit Sunday. Anglican Diocesan Dav. As notified oil Saturday, yesterday (Whit Sunday) was observed in all the Anglican churches in Brisbane as a special day for the Diocesan Church Society's funds. At St. John's Pro-Cathedral, the preacher in the itiorniug .was the Right Rev. Dr. Webber (the Bishop of Brisbane). Tlioro was a large congregation, and the preacher took his text from 2 Corinthians,- chapter xiii., verse 14, basing his remarks on tho words : l The Communion of the Holy Ghost." He pointed out that on that occasion they were celebrating an important birthday — ib.was nothing lrw than the birth day of the Christian church. It was. on that day, according to the fulfilment of the promise of Christ, the church was equipped for her mission. The words of the text ' were familiar, but they contained that which always brought fresh joy. There was one distinctive feature about the Gospel of Christ in that it har monised with the nature of man. Man was essentially social, aud any religion which was adapted to Christ's ideas must be social also There must not bo. any mere indivi dualism, but fellowship. Christ hud shown to His disciples that it was necessary, iu order that His work should bo universal, that Ho should leave this earth — that there should bo an inward rather than an outward manifes tation of Deity. Lot thorn try to trace out the thought as to Christ's power had He re mained on earth, and they must see that it; could not. have been so manifest. Deal ing with fellowship, he instauced that there woro many points (J contact among men. Them was tho contact in school life, in business life, aud a deeper ouo where men suffered. No doubt, it. was such a form of fellowship as the latter which inspired that enthusiastic welcome to those soldiers who had returned recently from tho dangers of .tho war. But these points were all more or less superficial when compared with the fellowship of the Christian Church. Tho ouo lasting fellowship was the com munion of the Holy Ghost. In conclusion, ho spoke of places to which tho work of the church had not yet been extended, and ho asked the congregation for their united assist ance towards that object. Bishop. .Stretch preauhed in the evening to a large congregation. 