BY k 8' WOULDN'T CAMP iN MAREA!-CREEK HUT FOR A FORTUNE. ITS HAUNTED!-(Opinions o£ tliebush.) IT WAS hi the days when sheep-droving vas still more profitable and fascinating game than it is to- day/ said the grey-haired old traveller. 'We had just delivered a mob of bullocks at the trucking yards, and I was travelling to wards the main stock route in search of another mob, - when looking out for a camp for myself and horses one after noon, I sighted an old hut, almost hid den from view by shady wilgas in a nar row bend of Marra Creek. Like most deserted huts and homesteads it was surrounded by a patch of lor.g, green . grass. Just the thing I thought, a roof for myself and picking for the mokes. I rode over and inspected it It was a Weird looking shanty. Half the iron roof was blown away, and ' the wall facing east and the slab built chimney looked as if they had a good mind to fall down there and then. Inside was a worm-eaten table and three or four brok en-dowa bunks. The earthen floor was swarming with frogs and toadstools, and the walla were a mass of moss and cobwebs, while the hard, coid ashes in die fire-place were sure proof that no body had camped in the place for years. I considered a. while, and thoughts of snakes, scorpions and other vermin in duced me to ride on and look for a camp in the open. 'Monty', my cattle d«g, didn't seem to care about the place either, for he sniffed suspiciously through a crack in the wall, shook his old-fash-, ioned head as if he had his doubts about the shanty, and led the way farther down the creek. I found good feed and plenty of wood in the next bend, hard'y 200 yards away, so. I unsaddled my horses, gave them a drink, hobbled them ,and let them go fpr the night. Then I lit a fire ,and while the billy was boiling and the chops grilling, picked leaves to lie on and rnadfc myself comfortable. After a hearty meal I lit my pipe and laid down and thought. It was a beau tiful clear nightThe sky was covered with millions of twinkling stars, and the moUn was curiously peeping over a clump of dense mulga scrub. The solemn stillness was only broken by the plaialive cry of a passing curlew and the homely tinkling of my horses1 , bells. My pipe soon went out, and I fell asleep with the dog at my feet watching over my welfare. I mast have slept several hours when I was suddenly awakened by a gentle tap onj my. back. It was ' Monty. I rubbed my eyes and looked to see what was up. What a change! The moon was hidden and it was pitch dark. The clear, starry sky of a few hours ago was covered by a mass of swiftly-travell ing black and grey clouds. A bitterly cold North wind was rustling- through .the scrub, and I could hear faint roars cf thunder in the distance. -I jumped up, dressed hurriedly 3nd considered what to do. The storm was fast approaching and I hadn't many minutes to spare. The old hut! Of course the tut *vas my nearest reflge. But again I thought of the creeping things of the earth, and it sent a shud der through me. No, I wouldn't camp there at any price. The only tiling left was to pitch my tent. When inspecting the old shanty I had noticcd some straight poles lying about. With two or three of them I could rig my tent in a very short lime. So, ordering my dog to watch my things, I hurried away for the sticks. Arrived I found a heap of dry saplings stacked against the leaning wall. As I stooped to +eel for a straight ones-it was too dark to see-I fancied I heard a low moaning sound in the hut I straightened up and listened, but a gust of wind rattling through the old iron roof drowned alt other noise. Im agination! I thought and went on grop ing for poles. But there it was again! the same peculiar sound. I listened care . fully once more. Y«s; there it was loud er than ever! Now a long-drawn moan as from someone in acute pain; then quick, short groans and chattering of teeth, like the gurgling death rattle of the dying. What could it be? The whole surroundings seemed suddenly aw fully lone, and dreary, and somehow I began to tremble. Yet 'thoughts of things supernatural didn't enter my mind nor did1 my usual presence of mind leav me. I stood still for a minute and then sneaked on tip iocs round to the back of the chimney. There., through an op ening between the slabs I felt the ashes. They were cold. There ccuid be nobody inside, for to light a fire is the first thing a bushmau does when camping. Another blait of 'vind, and then again that ghastly groaning, growing louder and louder, l^ear now began to seize me. I snatched some poles at random' and vvalke 1 ten or fifteen yards away, From there, determined to solve the tnys tery. I threw a handiul of pebbles with great force on to the roof of-the hut, and anxiously awaited results, low* crackling noise ofthe stone tat ting the iron, was answered by, a ieartul ungodly yell; followed' by another and yet another, ghostiier and louder than %^tedl^ t ^tter^ ^nd dropped «iy sticks. For some t seconds I -was paralysed with fear. <Ki^rys'host ^yairt, every haunter! l;iit bcrrojl had heard since childhood flashed" vividly through my unhinged mind.' It was awful! Re covered from my shock I ran as £ast as my legs would carry.- me. Through bunches of prickly -scrub, oyer fallen logs, falling down and scrambling up ag ain as quick. My shirt was torn to rags, and my face and hands bleeding pro fusely when I reached camp. Monty, my dog, met me. He was my saviour! But for him I believe I" should have died of fear that night The sight of him" cahred :ne down somewhat. &ah; gtt≥ can't express hoiv I loved the did dog at that moment. . He- seemed, to know that I was terribly agitated, tor again and again he jumped up, licking my hands and trying to pacify me. In the meantime Nature's elements v/ere fairly let loose. . Lightning, follow ing terrific claps of thunder, flashed in all directions. Limbs were falling all around me and trees cracking every where, so fierce !>lew the gale, and the rain was pouring down. Thank heavens! my horsSg had strayed in opposite directions to that fearful hut» Snatching the bridles I ran and caught them. They were huddled close togeth er and trembled and snorted with fear. Back at the camp Host notime saddling up and rode off for my life, heedless of the rain beating into ray f^ce and through my clothes. Heedless of $he darkness, the falling limbs and thealmost blinding flashes of chain lightning, I cared for nought but to put distance between my self and that awful shanty. The mourn ful moans and yells were still ringing in my ears. ;md threatened to drive me mad! I rode all night, and never before or since in my life did I welcome the break of daylight like that morning! As Icng as I live I shaU never forget that awful night, and shall always be reminded of it by my hair, which had turned snow white during those few terrible hours. II. A cold winter's night on the Lachlan. All hands in Muldrum's survey-camp, including the surveyor himself were sit ting round a cheerfully blazing fire. Ghost yarns had been the topic. Ghosts and spooks and such like,' re marked the surveyor, *are in my opinion but bosh and humbug, created by dis eased and highly imaginative minds!' *Kh, what?' said the cook, a shrivelled .up old fellow, 'bosh, boss an' whatyer call it mmds? Shows what yer knows about it! ^ Now yer ve all told a lot of yarns yer've heerd tell of, but none of yez can talk from experience. If ye'li listen fur two minits I'll tell yez what I on-a saw wid me own eyes. Yez all know I ain't a chap to tell fibs an' make up things; and yez all know hew I take* Bad wid rheumatism sometimes, pertick Jer when rain s sticking out. The boss Knows that ,eh boss? Many a time yer stopped home an' missed a wettin', eh?' 'It's a long time ago now. I'se cheq ued up. and wur makin* cross country to a township. I'se shepherding in them days, an knew the lay of the country. The third nioming on the track I feels iegs. I'm goin* ter catch it afore slight, sez I to myself an* I must look fur shelter. There uster be a dummies* place in my time no more'n 7 or8 miles from where I wur ihen. It might lie iftefe still,* M tracks furit I dait. oldtsli a« ^ealfe^-bsat^ Jootpuft? " Best half of ihetocf was water-tight,: kof that did me. 'The pains in thy legs were gcttin* worse and worsen* I never lit a fire or anything, but turned straight inter one. of the bunks. It didn't look a bit like rain then, but I knew by the way I was suffering that It'was a-coming. It came close ter twelve o'clock. Holy jumpin* Moses! How did it come! It blew a hurricane, an' every minute I spected ter see the roof say good-bye. The row. of the loose sheets of iron an' the crack in' of the whole wUr awful tet listen to, an' the lightnitl wuz enough ter blind a 'strononier. In fact the sqqafkiti' of frogs asd tlie fustlin', rattlin', . and squeakm' 'bout the old place seated the life outer me. . ,. Suddenly when it calmed dowii a bit, I hears something* walkjn' about out side. I laid as,stiff as I could. Only now and then I had ter let a groan, the pains wur too bad ter keep Inf. It relieves yer, a gi'oan does. After a while I hears the steps again. I knew it wasn't a sheep or a horse. I could tell by the steps. Now it was sneakm' round to the fireplace. No human being thinks I can be out in sich a night in sich a lonely spot, an' the cold sweat rose on n:y forehead when it struck me that it might be the ghost or spirit of some murdered fellow. My heart wuz beatin* like a horseshoe, and I could hear myself groan ing like a pig. Well chaps, fur the first time in my life I prayed. Jist- theft a big flash of lightning lit tip the hut. an* true as I am Here Isaw a bare human arm, cut off at the elbow, grope and wriggle ab3ut the ashes in theold fire place, like a half-dead snake on an ant hill. 'The sight took ine breath clean away .an' made me hair stand up endways. I shivered awfully, an' rbe worst of it, fur the life o' me I couldn't help groaning. Then it started ter blow again, and I couldn't hear, any nore. Presently I hears a rush of feet outside, and a mighty sound in the air. Then all of a sudden. I shall never forget it. There came a hailstorm of slicks1, stones and <Jod knows what else, down on the roof an* through it on to the old table an* my bunk! I thought me time had come, an* hell an' all the devils wur let loosi on poor me. I knew then JE*wUr in a haunted house, an" lets fly tWo or three loud yells fur help an'-well, I must have gone off into ,a fit or something, for I don't remember anything more til! I woke up next morning. Wheii I woke the storm had cleared away. The birds wur singing outside, an' die sun shining through the open root ^ , The rheumatics had left me, so I rolls up my swag at onst ter get away from the haunted shanty.. Did I look? Yes, I looked inter the fire place, an* there wur fresh and plain finger marks ill the ashes. Besides the table and floor wuz covered v with little stones. Yet devil a track or t ign of life could I find outside. :*WeH, now, boss, if there weren't ghosts about that-ihere hut, don't tell us yer can strike a line due north and south. 