Dead MarCs Gully* (Continued) BT T. WHITEFOOT BEOADWAT. Jimmy obej^ed, and this was the stor} 7 he told. The night before he went out and discovered the place they thought they had seen. It \vas a valley and there was plenty of water. But while there he looked up and saw a tent, and a big Jingey sitting under a tree. It was dark and he was gliding awav when he saw another J in gey. "This feller," he said, " come walk-um, walk-um; all night," just about where he lay. " Beat-um breast; wave-um hands. Taik-um, tallc-um, all night. Jimmy too frightened. Lie close. Bimeby, sun come up and Jigej- walk a way. Jimmy run. One - two mile, back to camp." When the story, told with bated breath, and many a gesture, was ended, Chambers burst into a laugh. "Well, this's too good," he exclaimed " This'II interest 5'ou, Gussie Von want ghosts and ghost stories, and it appears that Jimmy slept a whole night w th his Jinecys." " What's a Jingey anyway'" demanded Gussie. " Whv, a Jingey* s a IVackfellow's "host; his evil spirit. Old nick as we know him. So, so, well let's finish our breakfast. I thought it must be niggers when Jimmy came running back like that. But if its only ghosts pooh ! let's finish our tucker. 1 ' Amidst much laughter and banter the}' resumed their meal, Jimmy creeping up as close as he was" permitted to Jack Chambers ^stalwart frame, essaying to eat, but keeping a sharp iook out towards the scrub. "Didn't Jimmy say he saw a tent ?" asked Gussie. "Whj-, of course he did," said Chambers, "I'd forgot that, and he urned to the blackfellow. "Why what the —'sjthe matter now.? " The black had started to his feet. "Jingey! "he shouted. "Come this^way. Look! Look! " Out from the scrub came the form of a man. He "was "stalk naked, save for 5 a shred of rag round his neck. His'hai 1* was a dirty grey, and fell upon his rounded shoulders in huge'matted "masses. His beard was unkempt, and the hairs fell straight down from his upper lip over his mouth. His body was a mass of scars and unhealed His eyes bleary and blood-shot far back in his head. wounds. were ; As he advanced with tottering steps, they recognised in him aVaif of the bush, and with the true sympathj' of white "men, they went to meet him. He earned towards them, babbling and drivelling. He was imbecile. They placed him on a blanket, and th rew another round his shoulders but he cast it off. "I'm not cold, " he muttered in a harsh, unnatural voice. Give's some tucker, "and he commenced to devour what he could lay his hands on, worrying the food like a wild beast, wiping his arm over his mouth in a foolish manner every now and again. He talked on as he eat; it seemed as if hefmust be incessently talking, the mind and inteligence gone, he talked instead of thinking and babbled and to himself as the five stood round him in silence. " It's good tucker,'' he was saying, the best I've tasted-since Meat, too, it beautiful. Tastes just like the meat in the camp, if I could only get it. But I daren't go back, not yet, till Abdul T goes away. He's always in the same place. Nice new ^damper. And what's this. Tea ! tea ! ah, that's what I've wanted many's the time."" Thus he went on, rambling. " What,s to be done ?" asked'one of the party. " fie seems quite dotty." "Yes, poor beggar. He's been lost a long time I should say," replied Chambers. "Seem to me^I've seen See page four. him before, somewhere. bu( I <.a,j'tlo I eate him." | ^i«D,o,yc)u know, I've been thinkingthe same thing- ' said Tom Dyer. "Who can he be?" Chambers asked the n a i his name, quthewas unable to make the man speak to him. lie had eaten his full, and was looking- straight in front of him. " Abdul, "Abdul," he rried. Come here Jack," said D\\-er steo ping aside. " Do you think it enn be Willie Wallace, . who went out with that Afghan chap over a year ago ?' "Impossible; Wallace was a young man. This one's old, or at any rate middle aged. And vet, I d in t know. This sort «f lifes bound to age a man. Hold on a bit." He went up to the wild man, and touching him on the shoulder, called out in clear "Will \yallace. " The effect was magical. " Here, " cried the man. l'm Will Wallace Who wants Will Wallace?" "Why,old fellow, don't you know me, jack Chambers, who fitted you cut a year a^o. 11 " Jack -Chambers, r ' repeated the man." Seems once 1 kuew him, but —but—Abdul! Abdul 1" ''Where's Abdul Rahman? " asked Chambers. " Come, old man, pul: yourself together, Where's Abdul, and how long- have you been lost? " "That's it," said the man "ixast! I'm a damned soul. And A^ul's over there. Sitting- under the gum tree. He's always there. At fi.-st.when it happened I tried to run away. That was Christmas. I ran and ran, and when it came on dark I found myself back beside him. It's been like that ever since- I can't get away. I can't find an}' tucker except about here, and no water. And I can't live without them." He got up from his recumbent position, and looked into Chambers' face- "Come and I'll show you where Abdul is ?" he said, and he tottered in the direction of the bush whence he came. Hastily giviug directions for the two men and the blackfellow to follow them Jack and Dyer went off «ifter. the man and kept close to him as he travelled They had not gone far when they saw him pause ; then he darted his hand out quickty and held up an iguana which he had caught. Biting it with his teeth he killed it, and went oil again, carrying it vviili him. " That is how he lives, evidently," whispered Dyer. "It's all very horrible, isn't it?" They went on thus till they merged from the bush at a clear pond of water, and looking up perceived they were at the entrance to a gully. There they saw everything that Jimmy had told them. A hundred yards higher up was a tent and the skeleton of a man 'neath a gum tree, and further on the bones of two animals could be seen. The tent se^Tied in good reoair. The wild man paused. " That's Abdul."he said. "When I killed hi* 11 . I Diithim uo against the tree, and he*s been there evf>r since. No, n no, don't f? to him. He's awfully ?n"Tv and threatens to kill me €TCT n'gh*." Suddenly he turned and fled shrieking* as he went the natio 0f his lost comrade. ' D-»n't go after him,* s^id Chambers, ' Hmtiy will find him by- andbve. Let's s°e what we can make orchis,' and th°v went on "no the •"allev. Everything in the tent was Sn order, and no one to be seen about. The skeleton was fully dressed, and s"» set th*t he conld not fall till he vra<; moved. On the ground the remains o f a mea' \yere spread. Here a tin of meat was ooeT^d. and a black •nutrid mass inside. The»-e what had *v»«»r, tip of condensed mVk. and othc" tliinf«-Vhlch on!*- the rain and r'm bid sniifcd. On the ground at +t,„ feet of th°- skeleton wer« two weanins r cm«sed, a sheath knife and a daorg-»c. Aftf»r a s-irvev they went to the bmes a little further on, and discovered that th*»v were the re- "lamsof camels, which, having been firmlv ti<*d to stout sa^in^s , had stor>d and starved, and died where thev stood As they retraced their steps, however some cf the mv. t crwas revealed to them. Stooping down, Chambers picked up a small pie je of gold in the water- j course, and 1 e!d it up. * This shows us someth'n ," he :a"d. "Tnese fellows found gold, and quarrelled over it, the ' Afghan ' being killed. The other fellow, suffering from re morse, has been too frightened or something to come and get his camels, as he fled away The poor brutes must have suffered. Well, well, we must hurry up the other feilows, and make a start to turn over some of this dirt. After all a few bones won't make much difference to us. Just look here, a rsal nugget! and another. When the rest of the patty arrived, the two men were on their hands and knees, 4 specking,' and when night fell, the whole party might have been seen, digging- and scraping ar>d searching for gold. Darkness, alone, made them leave ofTfor the da}', and they sat down to the food they needed thoroughly exhausted with their day's toil. Round the camp fire they showed their spoil, and gathered it into one heap, where it lay and sparkled in the light ot the flame. It was while they were thus engaged, that the wild man's voice was heard again. They heard him scream piercingly, and then as he came closer they heard him talking, expostulating with the devils that haunted, c?'lling cn God to strike him dead, and ever and anon, tailing out the words: Abdul! Abdul Rahman! He came up close to where they sat at the edge of the water, and then his his eyes falling upon the heap of gold he rushed menacingly upon th^m,dying out that it was his gold, and seizing hold of Gussie flung him to the ground. Strong arms however were laid upon h : na, and the fit of rage over he became weak as a child. They laid his poor frame on a blanket and poured a little brandy down his throat after which he slumbered uneasily. The moon's beams falling upon the scene lit up the face of-tne skeleton at the further camp, and as they looked upon him he seemed to be intently watching the proceedings. "We should have buried that fellow" said Chambers, we musn't forget to do it early in the morning." There was silence then, and after a while, the wild man opened hts eyer. For a while the veil seemed raised and he was conscious of what was passing round him. Calling Chambers, he took his hand and for a long time they whispered together, while the rest of the party smoked their pipes in silence. In the night he rose. He was calm and after casting a look on the forms of the menarund him he walked in the direction of the old camp. But Jimmy's eyes followed him, and he woke Jack Chamqers. They stole after him, not gom.* too close, qut still within hearing distance. They saw him enter the tent and go to the camels. Then he returned, and stood by the bones of his victim. "Abdul,"he said, " I come back to you. The men down there tell me it is Christmas Day, and it must be a year since I struck you down. But, Abdul I didn't men it; and I a n sorry for it." He stooped and picked up something. The watchers could not see what it was he held, the dagger that lay there had never entered their minds. For a while the silence then there was the cry of a nightbird in the distance* The min groaned and trembled, j and then he resumec*: "Abdul, I j , , , .. , , „ \ loved vou as a brother, and mv doom ' has been like the doom of Cain, for j my brother's blood has cried up to j God from the ground. Abdul, I I come, I come!" Then his hand was j raised. They saw the flash of the I ' steel, and ere they could not intervene, the Had3 was buried in his i i I heart. Will Wallace fell beside the bones of the man he murdered. Thev buried the remains together, and fell again to their work. When the rush commenced and men flocked to the olace for its golden wealth, th"2V often talked over its tragedy, and they called it the DEAD MEN'S GULLY, 