THE MESMERISTS CRIME. fUBLlSHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. % t€. Warjeon ysssss/ft/wssss/,,///////,,, J, J,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, Anor of "The Great Porter Square Mystery," "Grif," "The Sacred Nugget," Miriam Itozella," "A Fair Jewess," "The Golden Land," "The Betrayal of John Fordfaam," Ac., &o.; COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XI. — (Continued.) 41 It is comparatively harmless," he said, " when taken as I direct, though its habitual use would certainly lead to injurious results." 41 A remark which applies to all narcotics," eaid Maubray. "That is so, bat in this drug there is special danger. Use It only when there is imperative need for it, and keep it locked away, so that it shall not fall into the hands of any other person than yourself. Its nature is absolutely deadly, and only the smallest dose can be taken with safety." 44 1 will keep it in a secret drawer in this studio," said Maubray, 44 which no one can open but myself. Then there is another safe guard in the label. Deadly Poison which you have properly affixed to the wrapper." This conversation was taking place in the Ruined Tower, and Maubray showed Dr. Weber the secret drawer in which he deposited the powdor. 44 What would be the effect of n double dose?" Dr. Wober looked at him apprehensively. 44 Do not be alarmed, I have no intention of mis-using it. The crisis is iiast aud my mind is recovering its balance. u proof of which 1 have resolved to paint a ucw Marguerite, and am already eager to commence. I have even selected my model, and have my canvas ready." 4 4 That will be better than any medicine I can administer," said Dr. Weber, hailing with delight this healthy symptom. 44 Who is your model?" 44 Her name is Frida ; the daughter of a workman in the quarries. I was sitting at my window here, and she passed along tho road. Beholding her, I was irresistibly re minded of Marguerite, and, as usual with all crazy outiiusia«ts was oager to set to work immediately. She comes to-morrow morn ing." He spoke with animation, and Dr. Weber saw before him tho old Maubray he bad wished to see. Maubray returned to tho theme of the drug. ' What would be the effect if a double doso ; were taken?" 44 A man in perfect health would sleep for three or four days. One in feeble health might never awake." 44 And a treble dose ?" 44 Would be fatal." 44 Instantly fatal ?" 41 No. Within the hour, I should think, lu a dose so large there would he a curious variation. Instead of sending the man to sleep, it would keep him awake, till death iupervenod." 44 A death of suffering ?" 44 A perfectly painless death." 44 Would he lose the use of his faculties?" 44 Ho would retain them to the last." "Then the death trance," said Maubray, thoughtfully. 44 It is fortunate that the secret of this drug is known to few." 44 1 believe it to be known only to myself," said Dr. Weber. 44 My discovery of its effect was accidental. In its natural state it is comparatively harmless; I prepare it in ft certain way, and that is my secret. Only to ?ou would I intrust so largo a quantity, ou will be careful of it, Maubray." 44 Trust me. I will not mis-use it." Here the conversation ended, and next day Matibray began work on iih famous picture of Marguerite. The- image of Gabrielle was Btilf in his mind, and he thought, of her con stantly, but the sharp pang inflicted by her death had passed away, and in its place reigned a sad and tender memory. In their conversations Dr. Weber referred frequently to Valerie, and Maubray wrote to her now more regularly and at greater length. Gradually and surely he re gained his usual serenity, and con templated recalling his daughter home at no distant date. Events hastened the fulfil ment of this intention. Madame Hartmann's husband died and she was left a childless widow. Maubray seized the opportunity. He sent for Valerie, and invited his sister to take up her abode with him. She joyfully consented, and presently domestic happiness once more reigned in the artist's home. No shadow fell upon the peace of Crow's Nest until Maubray intercepted fhe letter which Professor Floury had scut to his daughter. Two months had passed since then, und all the efforts made by Maubray to discover the writer had failed. The picture of Gabrielle which he had pftintcd hung upon the w»D of his studio in the Ruined Tower. ©HATTER XII. a bracelet ntid some old lace from Madame Hartmann, 44 With loving felicitations to my dear niece Valerie"; a dainty watch, exquisitely enamelled, from Dr. Weber, 44 With affectionate wishes from an old friend"; a set of flower vases from the servants in Crow's Nest, 44 With dutiful respects to our young mistress " , a fan. upon each leaf of which was an allegory, a poetical fancy, or a scene from nature, painted by Bernard Maubray, "To Valerie, with her father's love " ; a bouquet of white and red roses tied with a ribbon on which was inscribed, 14 From Maurice to Valerie"; these, with flowers and remembrances from humbler friends by whom she was loved, lay about tho room, aua on tho table by which Valerie was sitting on her twenty-third birthday. It. was noon of a beautiful day in June, and all things contributed to the young girl's happi ness; the soft breeze, the dreamy clouds, the rustling of the leaves, were in harmony with Valerie's innod. Uneventful as ber life appeared to have beeu, she had passed through a storm harder to bear because, like a mother protecting her voung, she had taken its full force upon her shoulders; but this heart-trial was over, and peace held out his arms to her. She gazed at the gifts, and, moving about the room, handled them gratefully and tenderly : in Ihn dumb memorials then was a spiritual life which spoke to her in loving accents, glorify ing her natal day with affection worthily won and richly deserved. Gentle und sweet to all who came in contact with her, recognising no differences in social rank as a claim upon the measure of her regard, no less merciful to the poor than to the rich, it would have been strange indeed had she failed to win affection, for though there is much that is mean and iimc. serving in the world, there are beneath this sordid crust sterling qualities which ring true when brought within the influence of sm li unselfish kindness, as Valerie showed to hiirh and low alike. The gifts by which she was surrounded were proofs of this. They were the unsought re ward of the efforts of an unelHh nature ; they spoke of the past nod the present, and the bouquet of rose, im'- h in nf the future, Bang its silent song of love. Sinkiug into a chair, she raised the flower- to her lips and kissed them, and with her closed eyes resting ligbUj' ou fhe Jeave> snv visions which stirred feer soul with a sacred joy. This was the Jpringtime of ber life ; tie promise of summer t-fts smiling upon her, There had been dark lays in the pa&t.; days of furrow and anguish ii which fhe had watched the fading of a life ear to her asid most dear to her father, days mlightencd by a word of sympathy, and for me time thereafter she had not known He ; but ua this happy day these grit-fa in the reverie into which bhv had fallen, wherein was depicted in glowing colours the realisation of a maiden's sweetest hopes. Bernard Maubray entered the room while ehe was thus engaged, and so absorbed was she that she whs not aware of liis presence. He stood regarding her with a tender smile, divining her thoughts, and sympathetically recalling the time when he himself indulged in dreams such as this dear child of his heart was dreaming. His love for Valerie's mother and for Gabrielle hud not faded from his memory, but had merged itself into love for the one being of his blood who was left to him — a love as absorbing as that which the young girl entertained for Maurice. 44 Thus did I ouce dream," he thought. 44 May she be spared the shadows which fell upon my life V Presently he laid his hand upon her shoulder, and she opened her eyes aud blushed ; but she did not lay the flowers aside. He had come from his studio in tho Ruined Tower, where, with Frida for model, he had been engaged since breakfast on his new picture of Undine. His first words were of Frida. 44 1 have given her au hour's rest," he said. 44 If we orertire our models something is lost which it is hard to regain. Frida is a trea sure ; lior capacity for expression is extra ordinary. These outwardly placid persons have strong hidden currents in them which opportunity brings to the surface." 44 Then you have done well this morning ?" said Valeric, slipping her hand into his as he took his seat at her side. 44 Does the artist ever do well?" ho re joined. 44 Is he ever satisfied? He dreams of an ideal and paints it in fairy colours : he muses, he exults, lie stands before his canvas and commences with fervour. To the world he says, under his breath, 4 1 will show you a great work,' and to-day, when ho examines tho labours of yesterday, ho doubts, he trembles, he site in scornful judgment upon his masterpiece, which he finds after all but a bunding piece of work. Well for him that his vain boast was not heard." 44 But it is always so with the artist," said Valerie, kissing his hand. 44 Yes, it is always so with him. The per formance never realises the dream, Then is ho haunted by mocking ghosts, then is he tortured by fears of failure. Down from the heights he topples in his own esteem, and finds himself but common clay. It is the just fate of the pigmy who in a fine frenzy believed himself a giant." 44 Maurice says that is the true artistic feeling. Wc are not competent to judge ourselves." 44 Are we not indeed?" he said affec tionately. 44 So Maurice has been luring you into conversations upon art for llic purpose of airing his views. It is always what Maurice says — Maurice the invincible, the infallible, who issues his ultimatum and dares us to question it. Pray, who constituted him the judge? What credentials has he? In what school has he learned to correctly gauge the artistic sense, the artistic performance? How easy it is to be a eritic ! Boys fresh from school presume to mar or make reputa tions, presume to say, 4 Well done, ' or stroking their beardless chins suggest improvements in shadow and outline. This is the world as it is to-day. I was not aware that Maurice whs a painter, Valerie." 4 4 No father," mid Valeric, 44 Maurice is not a painter but — — " 44 1 will have no 4 huts.' Do you not seo that I am terribly in earnest? Is this great critic a painter?" "No, father." 44 1 thought as much. What is he, then ' 44 He is— —he is Maurice," she said, with , a smile. "Now, where shall I find an argument to meet that lucid description of Maurice? ft is unanswerable— ch ?" He took the bouquet from her hand. 44 He sent you these flowers — I see the snake in the grass— his card — and on it, 4 From Maurice.' I< there magic in these simple words? 4 From Maurice !' Ah, well, I must confess, I suppose. I hud a let ter from Maurice this morning, and I won dered at bis reason' for writing to me." She looked up shyly, lovingly, smilingly, 41 Traitor ! You knew he had written ?" "Yea." 14 He wishes to speak to tne upon a matter which he declares is vital. Valerie, assist me ; we will enter into a conspiracy to defeat him. What is this vital matter he wishes to discuss ?" 44 Father !" 44 Yes, child." ' 11 What will you say to Maurice ?" 44 What would you wish me to say to him ? I am open to reason, Valerie." She 2>ut her arms ronnd his neck, and hid her face on bis breast. 44 Which means that I must receive him courteously. I promise that. It is his doc — I acknowledge it. He is a man of honour, of good family, an honest, earnest: gentleman. What more can a father desire when the. happiness of a dear child is at stake t Is that, indeed, 60, Valerie ?" 14 Yes, father." 44 You love him ?" 44 Devotedly, I would die for him, and ho for me." 44 Yet I am hound to consider that he comes to rob mc of a treasure more precious to me than life itself. What can I do to protect myself ? Forbid him the house P Set spies upon the public roud to wuru mc of his approach ?" She smiled, having no fear ; it was sweet to listen to this pretence of disapproval., knowing, as she did, that there was no sacrifice be was not ready to make to ensure her happiness. "These imperious lovers," ho continued, "after insidiously undermining tho strong hold, present themselves kn conqueror. Alexander himself could not be mure com manding. So confident are they that they do not even draw their 6Words, but rushing upon you. cry 'Victory, and order you to sur render. And wc do it.. What other course is open to us when the dear traitor in our house lias stolen our arms, and opened the gntox to the invader r" His assumption of light humour, midor which ho sought to con ceal his emotion, failed him here, und ho folded Valeric in his arms. 44 You will not lose me, father. You will gain another child. Maurice has no parent, and hslovcs and honours you. I should not be your daughter if I proved ungrateful for all your goodness to mc. We have hidden nothing from you. I think you tnu-st have seen—" 44 Yes, I have Been, and T am afraid encouraged. What docs your aunt say of Maurice r" 44 She holds him in the highest ofconi." 44 Aud so do I, I have studied him. and T believe him to be a good man. If I did not I wou'd not give you to him. Dear child, be hnppy." He embraced her tenderly, and Wr. her to meet Maurice Godefroy, whom he sv® ris ing the lawn. CHATTER XIII. Gwttngs exchanged, Bernard Maubray led the young lawyer to his atudio in the Ruined Tower ; r. proceeding of good augury, for Voters' lever know that uooe bw the artifitta most intimate friends were actmitteB there. Maurioo was not a native of Bern; he was born and brought up in Paris, and upon tho advice of friendB had selected the Swiss city as a promising field for the exercise of his profession. He had had au uphill fight, ana it was only after some years of struggle that ho had succeeded in planting his foot firmly on the ladder. Through the friendly offices of Dr. Weber, whose good favour he had won, a complicated case bristling with difficulties had been placed in his hands. Failure was predicted oy all the legal luminaries of Bern, and Maurice felt that failure meant more to him than the mere losing of the case. He had seen ! Valerie and loved her; but Dr. Weber : alone was in the secret of his attachment to Bernard Maubray's daughter. 44 You will not be in a position to present yourself as hei lover," said the kind doctor to the ambitious young mau, 44 until you have made a name for yourself. Now prove the mettle you are made of. Here is a case which ninety-nine lawyers out of a hundred would lose. Win ' it, and win Mademoiselle Yulerie." Nc ( greater incentive could be given. Day and night were devoted by the young advocate tc the study of the case, vnd in the teeth oJ j immense odds and with a formidable array of illustrious counsel against bira, he had con ducted it to a triumphant issue. Talented, ambitious, And full of enthusiasm, he fell himself now justified in proffering his euil 1 for Valerie's hand, and it w&b; for this pur pose he bad writteu to Bernard Maubray foi an interview on her birthday. Introduced to the family by Dr. Weber he , soon bscawe a favourite in Crow's Nest, and the progress of the love affair wai watched by Bernard Maubray with sileul approval. But prepared ashewas forits natural development it was not without a pang that i he contemplated surrendering his daughter ta anofher man's care. The last few months of close association with her had proved to him that she was worthy of the best he had to bestow. He wan one of those men tc whom the bestowal of love brings the sweetest pleasures, aud in common with all nobk natures he found it a greater blessing to give than to receive. The sorrows of his past life were chastened ; he did not, he could not, forget, but the violence of bis grief had passed away. To thin happier frame of mind Valerie ; had largely contributed. Considerate and thoughtful to an unusual degree lu a young girl, she had so ministered to him as to revive all that was best in his nature, and at the eame time to implant in hie heart a boundless love for her. There was in this a possible danger — a danger that, under certain not impossible conditions, it might lead to violent 1 extremes. Had this been pointed out to him he would have listened -with incredulous ears, but it was none the less true that ho had become morbidly nervous for her safety. The growth of this feeling commenced upon tho receipt of the letter which had been addressed to her by an anonymous correspondent. He would wake up in the middle of the night with tho thought in his mind, 44 Is Valerie safe?" and he would steal from his room to listen at her door, and to walk softly through the house and often into the grounds in search of some hidden enemy. Tender and strong-minded as lie was, there came into play a quality of intensity which caused him to insensibly magnify every incident or circumstance in relation to her. Given a knowledge or suspicion that her happiness was in peril, aud that ao enemy was really watching his oppor tunity to do her an ill turn, he would have so brooded upon it that it was likely the even balance of his brain would be disturbed aud his usually clear judgment clouded. Thin partiality and disposition to morbid inclining sprang entirely from his personal affections ; in all other matters he was impartial an# unbiassed. On two occasions a singular occurrence ha# puzzled him. On the first occasion he was sitting up late, when alt in the house had retired to rest,. Fancying he heard a sound without, he went into the grounds to ascertain the cause. He saw nothing, and heard nothing more to warrant the fancy, hut he brooded upon it, and he did not go to bed till past midnight. The next day, as he was passing into the public road through tho front gate, he saw upon th« ground a small gold pencil, of which ho recol looted having made free use before he went to his bedroom. Of this he was convinced, ac# he could not understand how it could hav# found its way to the spot upon which h# found it. On fhe second occasion the introductory circumstances were of a similar nature. Agate he was rifting up late wben the members of hit household were in their beds. Again h fancied ho heard :i sound outside the house. He stole to Valerie's door and bear# her poft brouthing. She slept with her door unlocked, ODd with a night-light burn ing. Softly opening the door, he saw th#t she was slumbering peacefully. Again ho went out, and could discover no cause for tht fancy. It was raining, and there was mu# on the path. He recollected, or thought to recollected, that upon liis return to the houn he had exchanged his muddy shoes for a paw of slippers. Again he retired to rest after mid night. The next morning he noticed thife the slippers he had worn, and which now lay on the bedroom floor, were covered with mud. He asked himself how the mud could hav# got upon them, and he searched his memory whether he had worn them before lie went into the grounds. After a period of reflection he decided that his memory must be at fault, and that they must have been on his fart when he walked through the grounds. H« made no mention of these incidents, and, no further alarm occurring, he ceased to troubto himself about them. Closeted now with Maurice, the young man explained the purport of his visit, aud in modest and well- chosen words solicited Maubray 's consent to his suit with Valerie. 44 Certain worldly questions must be asked and uncovered before I can give you a reply,6 said tfonbray. 44 There is .i material aide to this matter. What can you offer my daughter?" . 44 An honoured name, sir, and the prospect ' of a prosperous future, which it is my deareto hope she will share." " Nothing more ?" " A lovo as devoted as it is in the man to feel." 44 It should count for much," fukI Bonus# Maubray. " Jt is a sacred charge you me." "I will bald it a>, To tauko her hc-ftiy shall bo the object, of my life." There was a nauwe before Bernard Muubntf spoke again. lr. was a promise ho himneff had made in years goa&o; by, and white# with all his earnestness he had endeavoured to fulfil. 44 As to your present bemus?" "They are not large. I can maintain keeTio in fair rvmifort. Our state will not to luxurious, but there is the future." 44 Yes, thoro is always the future. A nature, such to Valerie's can be hnppy with out luxury.' 44 Then you consent, sir?" said Maurice. 44 Not. yet," replied Maubray, smiling &4 the young man's <<:ijrcniofc.«. 14 Youth is san guine and impetuous Before money, bc-fom love even, stand honour and integrity. I ds not say il of you, iwm do I sa<poot it, or v should not now be diMm-rimr matter dear to mc ;>< to you, )>:>! there am men who offer maiden the stale leps of n life of disrepute) who hold what I deem saered in small esteem. Such unions breed misery. They may bring a trro>s pleasure to tlvr husband, but IhqS" bring a moral ibath to tin wife, n such ease marriage i- not a hearing, but. a 'urwe.M 44 1 entirely .agree with you. sir." "Tell me somrihtnir of your part Maurice." fTO cp. CONTINUKD.1 MC- © Ml. Dst : 4 Isn't, your mother very g1is2 you have rrovt red fn-iii tho whoertof? | cough F' J)ick : 14 I dou'i belie vo so, ma'as you can't think how it an::-sed the bahv." Onktt I .felrn Morgan, fX. Mayer of lhvixj, recently signified his of laying uowq at bft own cost plant fcr £3e electric. lightjt«» iff the town. It ia wttegtnl that Itea pracf#tot%- mean a 