MURIEL'S ATONEMENT, BY . CLARA MULHOLLAND, Author of 'A Striking ContraRt, ' 'Kathleen Mavournoon,' &o.;, &o.; ? - /a [coptwoht.] fCOMPLETB IN THIS ISSUE.] m HAD been feeling1 -, ft- %^ /^Si*** for from well for «ome , JkjMtL^f j1l^~ timo. Ashnrpnttock ^ffi&ffl; jgijpt—*} of influenisa, followed ^j .. (ErT ^-.7^. tench of pneumonia, I I n li-V**} ^ft^ weakened and ' M. H « ' V|N doproasod mo. I ' gi ff *ll A,' Change of air and ) u (S !3 &»? scene, with plenty of ' ^^**iP5r/ variety and amuse ? v. X '. 1 mont, was absolutely j j r'jj f ? yjl necessary for mo, the ' ?*'I /? n doctor deolared. If £RMJ! I did not got this *J ^_aSS^^*J soon oe feared the smiled sodlv. and looked at my mother. ' We are not rioh, doctor. My father could Dot afford to take us all away, and to go any where alone would be too dreary.' ' Most certainly, and not to bo thought of for a moment.' 'Then I mnBt'stay at home, take my tonic, and hope for the beet.' And I heaved a deep nigh, little dreaming of the dolightful invitation that was even then on its way to me. My mothor a only sister had married a wealthy man - without business or profession. They ted no ohildron, and as they -wore tx-th fond of travel and excitement, had no settled -home. They wandered hero, there, and everywhere. And often for a year or more, we had no idea whether they were in 'Europe, India, or America. Eight months had now elapsed, frinco my annt had last written, and it was therefore with extreme pleasure that I (the r-ory day after the dootor's vinit) received u lotter from her, announcing her arrival in London. Sho and Unole Tom woro tired of roaming about, she said, and had mode up their minds to stay in England for tho next two or three years at .. least, and had rented a furninhod boiisn in ?.:.. Yorkshire, whore they intonded to reaido ns much as possible. 'Wo are anxious, for once, to spend a happy English Christmas,' she wrote, 'and have invited a number of friends to conio to . us both before, for, and after that time. We are to hare constant relays of visitors nil through the winter. Our first arrive on December 8, so you must meet us on the seventh, anil travel with us up to Cleevo Hall. .1 will expect you to Btay all tho time, as I muHt have someone young and pretty to holp me to entertain my guestH and make thing* pleasant. So be sure you eome without fail, dearest CeHa. Tell your parents, with my love, thnt they must do without you for ono Christmas, ?'Ymir loving ; ' i.,*' 'Aunt Cabby.' V 'P.S. — Bo sure you bring plenty of emart frouks, as we shall bo more than gay. I onolos'! ohrqno to cover all expenses.' This was delightful. The very thing j wanted, and most joyfully 1 set to work to prepare for my visit. This, thanks to my : aunt's generosity, I was able to rlo in a magnificent mannor, and on the day mentioned by her, I loft the rectory with a troiiRsimn the like of which I had never dreamed it possible to possess, and with which I was perfectly nniihiinted. The journey into Yorkfhire was accom plished with pase and comfort ; nnd my aunt, unolo, and I iirrivcd nt Clcove Hull in excellent time that aftr.nioon. Wo looked out eagorly ns we nppronchod our new nbndo, and an we drove through the old wrought iron (jutes, up u long avenue, we were, tilled with admiration. Cleeye Hall stood in the midst of ii fine park, and was surrounded upon all fides by noblo oitks, tall limes, and stntoly waving firs. It wan an irregularly hnilt, but pioturenquo, mnnsion of red briclc, with large buy windows and wide balconies. Tho lawns woro well laid out i\nd plnntod with suoh n Tiiriety of beautiful evergreons that even in the dusk of a December afternoon tho plnco dfd not look ns desolate and dreary as one would hnvo expected. Jnnido. the house was luxurious, and was furnished throughout, with such exce'lont tasto that my aunt and unole were ? delighted. That evening we dined alone, und as I wan weary and tired after my journey and nnnsual exoitoment I bade 'Goodnight' early and retired to bed. My room was a curious one, and my feelings upon entering it wore not altogether agreeable. The bed, ? which stood in an alcove, was draped with blue silk curtains ; the walls were hung with tapeutry of quaiut . design ; a large bow window, very high from the ground, with a perfect ntuircnuo &l; ateps lending up to it, ocoupled all one end ; whilst a hnndsoin« wardrobe of inlnid satin wood filled up the other. Several candles burned brightly upon the dressing-table, but their light was not sufficient to illuminate, tho distant cornor*, and I grew somewhat nervous us I peered into their unfathomable depths. ' Grandeur is not ulways pleusant,' I said with u shiver. ' I wan more comfort able and happy in my own little poorly , furnished room at home than in this fine chamber.' . Thon. laughing at myself for being so siHjr, I hurriedly made my preparations for th« night, blew out tho candles, and oropt into bed. For some timo I lay watching tho firelight npon the walls and roiling, und thon a drowsy uuinbnees stole ovor mo, and I fell asleep. But nil at once a noise like tho tapping or fluttering of a bird against the windows etartled me, and I snt up agitated and op pressed. The room wfts now in complete darkness. The firo had died down in tho prate ; the window curtains were olosoly drawn. Then suddenly, out of the gloom, sur rounded by a halo of brilliant light, the figure of a young girl, clad in a simple white dress, a blue ribbon round her waiat, came gliding softly across the floor, and stood at the foot of iny bed, gazing ut mo with sad, sweet appealing eyea. I tried to spenk to her, but my tonguo clove to the roof of my mouth, and no sound came forth, a* I marvelled who she could he, nnd how she had entered the room. The door was shut, the window fast bolted. But ns I wondered, her lips purtad, and in a low but distinct voice she whispered, 'To-morrow you will meet one who has ? : Buffered much. You will know him by his ? jmlo, proud face, and melancholy eyes. I destroyed-his happiness — you must restoro it. Be kind — bo kind.' I gazed at her, trorabling, and tried to ppeak ; but ere I could reply her form faded, became shadowy, indistiuot, then vauished, leaving the room in darkness as beforo. \- I felt sick and faint. A cold perspiration ; - Btood upon my brow, and I lay with dilated eyes staring into tho gloomy corners, afraid to move, afraid almost to breathe — wondering who this strange visitant could bo, and how ' fihe had managed to onter my room. Then gradually my terror subsided. It was one of the servants playing a trick, or walking in her sloop, I told myself. Sho must have entered by tho door whilst I slept. To-morrow I would complain to the honno ' keeper— and better still lock tho door— and then I need lmvo no fenr. Agitated and uxoited I tossed from sido to Fide upon my pillow, the strango wordu I had just, heard ringing in my earn. 'It is absurd — I will think of thorn no ; .longer,' I cried. 'And I shall take good oaro never to heiirtliom again. A girl in the habit of sleep-wulking should ho watched, and not allowed to wander at will through a housn at night. I wished I dined get up and follow her. But,' shivering-, ' I duro not. I ? ' And thon, nt last, utterly worn out, I fell asleep ouco more. When I next awoke,, tho morning sun was ? Shining brightly in at tho window. The ?- curtuics kid been drawn aside; my bath filled; my wftlHng drosa laid nrndy upon ft ohalr. My.annt'd maid had evidently beon in, but had pone away without disturbing mo. Surprised, that I should hnvo nlopt so soundly and no long. I sprang up and, dressing hurriedly, ran down to th' dining room, where I fonnd my aunt nnd nnclo be ginning breakfast. Aunt Carry and I upenta plnasnnt morning wandering over the old hous', and many and curious wore the thingn it oontninrd. 'Thin, now. i»a oharmingroom.' crifld my aunt, lending the way into a smiill inner drawing- room. 'This I nhall keep n» my own particular sanctum.' . It wan a dolightful littlo boudoir, pnnolleri in whito wood, a Trido oriel window, and u finely- carved ohimney-piece covorod with oxquisito old ohina. Over tho fireplace, framed into the wall, was u very bc.nutifullj painted portrait, nnd I started und trembled as I met the sad sweet, eyes of the girl who had appeared so strangely dt tho foot of my bed the night bofore.' 'Why, child,' said Aunt Carry, 'one ?would think you had seen a ghewt. That pretty portrait neemn to alarm nnd fafoinate you. You look quito palo.' 'Whoisshef' I gasped. 'Does aho live hero?' 'Certainly not, and who ishe is I cannot tell you. Sonu. daughter of the hou«e. Bnt wo took tho place through an agent and know nothing of tho family. She looks charming, ?I think.' 'Ym — very.' ' And this ombroidory, ' Colia — isn't it ex quisite 7 And this piooo of Sevres ? Oh ! I must fetch Tom to look at this.' And as my cunt went away to find her husband, I sank upon a chair, my eyea riveted upon the pic ture. Then hearing my annt and undo re turning I escaped upstairs. On the first landing I met Aunt Carry'* maid. ' I have taken your things into a smaller and pleasantor room, Miss Colia,' sho said. 'Your aunt thought the one you alopt in last night too big and gloomy.' ' Oh, thank you,' I oriod. And with n aigh of rnlief I followed her into a ohnrminvr daintily furninhed littlo 'room, looking out upon tho flowor garden. ' I shall say nothing of what I saw or dreamt last night,' I decided, looking round mo with pleasure. ' I shall bo happy hero and sleep peacefully. They might laugh and jeer — perhaps toll the guests as they arrive — and that I could not stand. I Bhall forget tho whole thing as fnsi as I «ui.' t. At tea time thnt afternoon a merry party gathered togothor in tho old oak panollcd hall, and I was ' duly presented to tho newly arrived visitors, Wbon I had recovered from my first shy ness, I looked eagerly, anxiously round the room. Tbo company included persons of various agea. There wore elderly matrons and their luintmnde. young girU, and several unmnrried men. But not one corresponded with the description given to mo by my ghostly visitant. There were dark men and fair — m*ny jovial light-hearted fol lows — and ono or two with an air of bbwe discontent. But nowhere did I seo the 'pale proud face with molancholy eyes.' Upon convincing myself of thin, I. heaved n sigh of relief, und Inugtiing nt my folly in thinking seriously of what must have been a dream, I joined in tho livoly chatter thut was going on around mo. That, evening I put on u pretty white silk, with n bunch of scarlet berries nt my breast, nnd run down to the drawing-room beforo dinner, fettling well plpnsed with myself. I was looking quite my best, and reflected with a satisfied smile thnt at all event* my aunt would have no reason to bo ashamed of her niece. ' My dear Celio, you renlly look charm ing,' wan Aunt Carry's greoting us I entered. 'Mr. Goring must take you in to dinner, and see thnt you are extremely nice to Jiim.' 'Mr. Goring, nnntie ? Who is ho?' 1 cried in nstonishmont. No ono of Unit name had. as fur us I knew, urrived that afternoon, and I could notthVnk whom she meant. But at this moment my aunt had to attend to her duties as hostess, und dropping into the back ground, I stood watching our guents as they came pouring in, one after the other. But. no one appeared whom t had not seen at tea time, nnd I decided that nnntie hnd mnde a mistnko in the ixime, and mean) one of the gentlemen whom I hnd nlrendy met. Quite satisfied with this explanation of her words, I was talking to a lively young American lately arrived from Now York, when I heard my uncle xay : 'We aro all ussombled, Carry. I trust they will not kaop us waiting for dinner.' 'No, no ; it in not timo, dqar. And Mr. Goring has not come down ynt ; ho arrived late.' Anothor truest 1 Mjc hands tromblcd, and I let my fan slip fronmy fingers. Mr. Barnet stoopod to pick it up, and I looked qniokly towards the door, which at that instant opened to admit a tall, spare, and extremely refined-looking- man. He hurried across to my aunt, with outstretched hand. ' I nnrto Morry, and apologise profiiBely,' he said in a clear, sweet voice. 'Bnt my train was Into, and I did dot arriro till after ptho dreeing- bell had rung. I tnistybu have not waited for inn ?' 'Not at all. You aro in excellent time, Mr. Goring,' said my nunt, smiling upon him, und from hor manner I mw at ouce that this mnn was a favourite. ' Celio, my dear, mny I introduco you to Mr. Goring?' uhe continued, drawing me forwurd. ' Mr. Goring — my iiieco, Miss Lindo.' Ho bowed, nnd as i looked up nnd put my hand in his, my heart stood still, and I tromblod und grow cold or death. In the pale, proud face and hundsoino, melancholy eyea of Mr. Gorald Goring I felt suro I saw tho man whom the apparition .prodaetod I should meet, and to whom sho-hjid' bagijod nip to ba kind. Daring dinner Mr. QJnng did not prove » livoly companion, nnd it was with a feeling of intense rolief that I rose up and followed tho other ladies from the room. That night I slept littlo. I was excited and ill at easo. When I put out tho lights and got into bed I lay opon-oyed and breathless, hoping, fearing, dreading that the apparition would again show iteolf at the foot of my bed. But it came not. ' Porhupn the room makes a. difference,' I said at last. ' I hope so.' And r&U; asleep. Next day I scarcely saw Mr. Goring, as ho started early for the moors, and it was too dull and damn^fpr the ladies to join thenboot ing- party at iDnchoOD. In tho ovoniug ho did not Bit near mo at dinner, and as I watched him surreptitiously from tho far ond of the tnblo, I notioed that ho spoko but seldom, and wus absorbed and prcocc^pic^, 'The man has a sad story,' I rofleoted. ' I wonder what it is f Sho said &he; had de stroyed his happiness, and that I— - — ?' 'You aro looking nt Goring. I see,' Its marked my neighbour, Mr. Barnes. 'I»n't he a molanoholy follow ? I wonder wbat'v tho matter?' I started and blushed deeply. I was annoyed to be caught watching one of my aunt s guests, and the man's words irritated mo. ' I guess ho'a not what one would call u lady's man,' he continued. 'He was quite lively on the moorti, but the moment he approached tho bonso a cloud seemed to fall upon him.' 'At tne thoughts of fnoing tho Indies P' 'Perhaps. At all events in the house ho is silont, doprossod-i out of doors ho is quite good company. Have you known him long?' 'Only since hist night. My uncle and aunt made his acquaintance at Monte Curio two years ago. They say ho was quite different there.' 'Then it must bo tho air of thin old hbuso thnt disagrees with him, Porhups ho has seen u ghost.' 'A ghost !' I sunk buck with a littlo cry, ns before mo seemed to riso the nhiidnwy phantom in the whito, clinging dress; and the cad wail of her voice rang tmoo more in my ears. ' I destroyed his happiness. You roust re store it. Bo kind— -bo kind.' 'You are ill, Miss Lindo. Take ft littlo wine. Theroom is too hot,' oriod Mr. Birnes, in much distress. 'No, no; pleattu don't noliue me, oi attract my aunt's attention. It is ruther hoi, bnt It is not that. I ? ' ' I had no ideti you were so nervous. It was foolish of mo to_talk about ghosts, and,' of coarse, it's all uoubcuee.' 'Oh,. of course,' I cried, roe.ove.ring my solf-posnession. 'Itwntf not — bnt see, my Hiinr. ia going,' and I sprang gladly to my feet. Tho next, day was ono of brilliant sunshine and hnrd frost ; so wero tho three succeeding days, nnd then tho ice being declared strong onongh to bear, tho younger members of tho party set off together to enjoy a fow hours' skating upon n lake, in a beautiful domesno some miles awiiy. fc« As I dented myself to put on «iy skates, Mr. Goring suddonly appeared nt my side. 'Allow mo, Miss Tiindo,' ho said, smiling. Surprised beyond measure, I gave him my ?ikutee, and I conld scarcely beliovo my eyes when he went down upon one knee before tin!, and dofrly fnntoned tho strops. And when ho . stood up again and asked mo to take a turn with him round the lake, I was still more astonished, nnd very thankful that, having ??pent two winters in St. Moritz, I was by no means a poor performer. Mr. Goring was an excellent skater, and U3 wo skimmed lightly over tho ice, ho unbent as h» hud never dono bofore. Ho wag a dolight ful companion, and as I glanoed at the clean cut, hnndsome features, the pale, clear skin, the short aristocratic lip, and animated in telligent face, I marvnlled more and more ut tho gloom and depression from which he usually suffered. After this, tho days flow by in quick suc cession. Tho fine frosty woather continued, nnd we spent most of our time on tho ice. Visitors eamn and went at Cleove Hall, but Gerald Goring still lingered on amongst us. Ho talked frequently of going, bnt was ulways persuaded to prolong his visit by my annt and unole, who appeared to have con ceived a strong affection far him. And I ? When he was near I was blissfully happy ; when he wandered from my aide nnd talked or walked with anyone else, I felt envious nnd dissatisfied. Whon he spoke of leaving us my soul was filled with anguish. His smile was more to mo than anything in the world, its very rareness making it tho more, valuable. So tho days woro on, and on Christmas Evo nomo of my friends and I went off together to decorate the village ohurch. 'Many hands make light work,' and in a short time our wreaths were hung, onr plants and flowers arranged to our satisfaction, and we wandered out of tho church amongst the old moss-grown grates. Presently I dropped behind, and, careless of whore I sat, sunk down upon the grass lieside n pretty whito marble monumont, and almost unconsciously I read tho short inscrip tion : (?acred to the Memory of Muriel, -j^ Aged Nineteen. 'Poor thing; how young!' I eighed. ?' But perhiips, after all, she was saved from ii world of pain.' A hand was laid upon my shoulder, and, looking up, I saw Gerald Goring, whito and agitated, standing before me. 'Come away,' ho cried. 'Oh, como away !' I rose, nt onco nnd followed him out of tho churchyard, and in silence wo strolled away across tho lonoly moorland. ' Miss Lindo,' ho said after a time, 'how wus it you ciimo to sit near that grave?' ' I cannot tell ; chance, I suppose I felt tired, xnd sat down without looking where.' 'A dungerouo thing, a most dangerous thing to sit out of doors at this timo of year. But do you — hnve you over heard that girl's history ?' 'No; I never saw or heard her name till now.' ?'Ten years ago,' ho said, with emotion, ?' nhe nnd I wero engaged to be married.' I started round, and looked with eyes full of pity into his palo, handsome face, but I made no remark. 11 1 loved Muriel passionately, devotedly,' he continued. 'She was very lovely, a ilninty little thing, with eyes of tho purest nine, and hair like spun gold, growing all oTer her pretty head in a myriad of tiny ourls. But «he was self- willed, and could not bear to we crowed in tho smallest thing. Her parents were wealthy, und had nil her lifo humoured lier Bmallfst whim. Eight months of the year rhoy lived nt beautiful Cleeve Hnll ; tho rnmuning time ? ' ?' In Cleeve Hall P Oh, Mr. Goring, was «ho ono of the Loighs ?' Ho bowed his head. ' Mr. Leigh's only child. She was killed iiy a ?fall from her horse before my very eyes.' ' How terrible !' 'Terrible, indeed! And nil the more so ?vhen one remembers that her death was caused by her own folly and pervorseness. In a fit of childish bravado aho one day insisted upon jumping a fence, which I assured her was dangerously wired upon the far sido. ' ' I can easily clear it, and I will jump it,' she cried, and away she went. 'Oh, God !' he murmured, ' how plainly I see it all — tho lovely pouting lips, tho defiant, pose of tho goldon head us sho flew puat me on her spirited little mure ; then the awful crash — the sod hours beside her as she lay cold nnd dead upon the ground, whilst the groom wont in search of a carriage in which to convey her back to the hall —the luMt days — the funeral — und my heart-broken departure from the old house— from whioh I wout vowing never to return.' ' And yrt you camo,' I whispered through my tears. ' How you must lmvo suffered !' 'Suffered?' ho said, turning suddenly and looking straight into my eyes. 'Yes, at first.' He paused abruptly, and, Btooping, gathered a pieco of heather and placed it in hi.s buttonhole. 'I met youruuele and aunt abroad, as I dare say they have told you, Miss Lindo, and we became fust friends. They knew nothing of my story, so when they took the hall, they at onuo iavitod mo to oome to them. Mr first inclination was to refuse. I hesitated. Some thing drew mo to the old place, nnd I came. In the house I was depressed, miserable. Tha thought of Muriel haunted me. I saw hor at every turn, und I resolved to go. But go I could not. Something compelled me to atay. As tho days wont on I grow more peaceful. In the open air — with you, talking to you My heart beat tumultuously, and I dared not raise my eyes. 'Igruduully became happier. A weight seemed lifted from my heart. Whon you were near I forgot past troubles. I folt ahlo to smile— to laugh. I eeeined to grow young uguin. Old memories faded. Things that used to pain me did so no more. In tho boudoir hangs Muriel's portrait, and I liavo looked ut it without a pung. I ? ' 'Muriel! Oh, then, it was she,' I criod, 'who came to me und told mo ! I recognised her at onco whon I saw tho por trait.' And I stammered out a full descrip tion of tho apparition thnt hnd vJBited mo upon the night of my arrival at Cleevo Hall. 'How marvellous!' he murmured, with changing colour und in an awe-struck voice. ' Did you see her moro than once ?' 'No, only onco. And I was nervous, over- wrought. The Bluo Chamber is big and gloomy.' 'Tho room in which they laid her,' ho covored his face with hishunds, 'at tho lust.' 'It may havo been a dream — a — a fancy ? ' ?'?No,' ho uiisworod, solemnly. 'Yousaw Mweet Muriol — of that I am convinced. But why did »ho oome — to you ? Did she speak?' 'Yes,' with orimnoned cheeks. 'She — she told me I should meet you — doscribed you accurately.' ' How strango ! And oh, Celia, was tluT» all?' ' No, who told me to be kind to you.' ';My durling, she wished to atone.' Ho caught my hands and bold thorn tightly within his own. 'And you have helped hor by your kindness. But, oh ! Colin, can you Iiivoiiiu? You lmvii heard my slory, know how I huvo sullViud, how my happiness was wrecked — cun you — will you trust yoursolf to me?' 1 ruised my hond and looking up shyly into his face, I whispered : 'Yes, for I lovo you, und long to seo you happy.' ?? My love, my wife, j'ou shall,' ho cried ; ?snd drawing me to his lueant he nenlud hia promise with a kirn. tt ? «*&&&. Scientists tay tlmt the orango was formerly a berry, and that it Una been developing lor over7,000 yeurs. ? ? ? ?' ....^ 