complete story. PUBLISHED BT SPECIAL AKLLSGEHEXP. THE STORYTf UKFCnO ALISON HUGHES, Author of "The Queen's Drawing Room,11 " Aunt Adda'sLegacy," "Revengeis Sweet," Scc.t &e.;' C0PYE2GHT. «^OIt SOIQI months past sve bad been spending time; tue caira before the storm, as subsequent facts provcct A few weeks' sketching along tite shores of tiio Lake of Geneva, a brief sojourn' c"/4/' at Lausanne, al ways a favourite lialring-x»lace with me, on account of early associations, a little swal low's flight into Italy; then, as the season grew more advanced, we now and again spoke of a sail to Norway. Not that wo - wcze either of ns accustomed, or a We, to lead this idle, desultory kind of life for long together. On the contrary, we were both poor men, and entirely dependent upon our own exertions for a comfortable or uncom fortable existence, as the case might prove. Suddenly my friend Lawrence Chetwynd grew unaccountably silent and depressed; Hung his sketches aside unfinished or torr them to atoms, "and altogether behaved in % most peculiar fashion for a man.of his painstaking, XKrsevcring calibre. Finally, one morning he ainionnced his in tention of returning 4o England at once, via Paris. When I mention that the month was July, perhaps my consternation may bu understood. "Paris!" I shouted in tones rivalling tbo thunderous echoes of the storm outside. "Paris, do you sayV By all the saints of the calendar, you most he mad or dream ing. to utter such a word at this time of the year. Besides, it is%impo?sib'.e V Lawrence knew that my reference was to failing linauces, and shrugged his shoulders ruefully. "Tlitce months ago you swore that you would never set foot in that delightful though most dishonest city again," I per sisted. Another shrng of the shoulders, and then my friend proceeded to turn his pocket:: inside out. and count what little store of cash remained to him. As was customary with me, I followed suit, and was not a little astonished to Cud . myself somewhat richer thau 1 had calcu lated ux>on. With a bound Lawrence leaped upon mv treasure, gathering up notes anil other xmltrier coins with the lieiccr.ess of despair. " Thank God!" he said, apparently driven to speech bv the fact that between us ac least the Dccessarv means for the accomx»lisIi rncnt of his desire could be raised. We never counted money separately in those days! Sometimes I was in luck, sometimes my companion held the reins, but always two of us shared in the benefit. So it came to pass that a few moments later I was listening to Chetwynd's strange explauatiou of his desire to seek England agaiu. I fancy I see him before me now. Lean ing forward on his elbow, with one baud X>ushed through bis abundaut- hair, he told me that for three nights in succession lire brother Hubert had appeared to him. The moment I heard Hubert Chetwynd's name, I dropped the mask of indiffereuce, and lis tened with the most intense Interest. "It was in Paris, at oar old quarters off the Boulevard Malesherbes, I saw him, and he was in trouble. I must go to him as soon as x>ossible. Of course you will coir.t: too. You see, it is impossible for me to move without yon. Besides, we have al ways stuck together through thick aud thin, through weal aud woe. Arid it means woe this time !'* My friend's head fell forward as he spoke, and I knew he depended on rue for the rest. And the rest!: Why, of course, those two words meant Paris, without delay ox sleep^ food, or any other circumstance what ever. In fine, we arrived in Paris, moro dead tlmo alive, by reason of a thousand inconveniences unknown to richer aud moro leisurely .travellers. But the moment Lawrence Chetwynd's feet trod the magic pavements of the gay city, the burden of trouble fell from his shoulders on to mine. We were shadowed. At regular intervals during our journey a curiously attired, gray- haired old man had haunted" us, ard the* moment we set foos in our Paris hotel I saw and recognised him again! Indeed, by mutual impulse, wa saluted one another. Lawrence, however, saw and knew no thing. He appeared to be living in a kind of stupor—as though half his faculties were benumbed. Now that we are here, Roger, perhaps Ihe merciful Fates will allow a little sleep to visit us/' lie remarked, when late in the cveiling we were preparing to retire to our respective apartments. I believe I gave a sort of grunting acquiescence to this remark, but I Lad not tLe slightest intention of sleeping myself until I had made some at . tempt at acquaintance with the strange old man who had so persistently followed ©u our track. As luck would have it, I found him in the court-yard lighting a cigar preparatory to sallying forth forastrolL Our eyes met, and wc again exchanged a courteous bow. \- Beyond a few remarks concerning the wea ther, my companion^ seemed averse to speech, however., contenting himself with surveying me furtively from beneath his shaggy brows. Assuming a bold, friendly manner, there fore, I suddenly drew out my cardcasc, and presented him with the means of addressing me by name, at the same time remarking that it was a thousand pities wc had not broken the ice before. " Seeing the whole of our journey has proved to be in the same direction, monsieur, wc might have rendered -it so much less tedious by the interchange ,.of friendly notes cn route." -The strange old man examined mv* card with a sinister sneer lurking round the cor •jiers of his mouth. Suddenly he gave a leap •1° side, and clutched nie by the sleeve. i The name on this card is not correct! iV*rc tr-rin? t0 deceive me. It should be Hubert—nut Lawrence Chctwyndl" While he spoke, I made two discoveries. J had presented the stranger with mv 1 nend's card instead of mv own. My second discovery was that he was an Englishman. # /m. » Lawrence, not Hu bert! That he greatly resembles his twin brother I do not deny. But such cases arc by no means uncommon." * Twin brother! Then thero are two L beiwynds! I never heard this fact before." * Ihcn-you cannot be verv well acquainted witli the history of the faini/v," -I replied, curtly. "AH the world talked of the un just will made some few years ago bv the father of these two brothers. To one was 2efl the family estates, together with everv pennj* of money. To the other, good health, a handsome face, and beggary. A miarter of an hour or so makes a°crucl dif ference sometimes in one's destiny." My companion heard every word, ob livious of the factThat one or two waiters .were lingering suspiciously irithia earshot, blis hand still clutched my sleeve,, and his piercing glauce seemed to search throueh my verv soul. b .. *' Tou look honest," he said at length. ; • but they must be vciy much alike. Uod ! .help me, I might have killed the wron<* man!" * . 1 erceiving my look of horror, lie broke into a loud afl'ected laugh, and, picking up riic cigar, which had fallen neglected to his icct, passed with a gesture of adieu into Ihe crowded streets of Paris. Feeling extremely depressed, I was pre-! paring to' follow Lawrence Chetwynd's cx-' ample, and seek recuperation of many wearv ! days fatigue in sleep, when, to my amaze incut, Lawrer.ee himself joined me in the coiulyard. Only partially dressed, and • looking moro lite a ghost than n man. he sealed himself at one of the little niathle £r *' galled hoarsely for hrandv. ".Thank God, I've found yon!" were his first words. "I think I shall go inad, or tako poison, if I haTe that catsed dream .-igaju. f>ome(Iiing's altogether wrong with Hubert! Its 110 use resting a single mo ment. My brother is here—in Palis' We must find him, Boger. Let ns search for liim' \ at once.'. By this time I had become extremely irri table, and I am afraid mv langna-e must not be repeated. I m jolly well sick of all this farrago of nonsense concerning your brother and tlreains of misfortune," was my coneiudiu" speech. '-Ion may stalk through the whole 1 length and breadth of the citv if vou ( Choose; for my part I am going'to bed.'" It itiiout another word I left'him. Next morning, feeling extremely ashamed of my churhtli conduct, I went straight to mr friends room iu order to place myself a't ins disposal for the remainder of the dav But Lawrence was nowhere to he found. Inquiring of: the concierge, I discovered that he hau left the hotel shortly after our abrupt parting, and had not since returned. I was desperately annoyed with this turn oi affair. Lawrence dhetwvnd was not only my. dearest friend in life, but he was the only one whom I thoroughly .and cn rtrely trusted. His was a nature true as r l £ deserted him in a season ofdanger and trouble, and reproached inv fccif most bitterly. * * A* I^vas rising from the breakfast table wondering where to go and what in the world to do next, my companion of the previous evening entered and called sharnlv iov his hilt. 1 * * Ah! So yon are still here?" he ex claimed vouclisaling a curt nod in mv di rection. " I met your friend Lawrence in ihe Bois tin's morning; aud his brother Hubert was with him. Vou spoke the truth vlasi night, ns I thought. They are con foundedly alike, though. But there is a dif ference notwithstanding. Quite enough for my purpose." Aly^ blood boiled at the odious insolence of this old maw's tone. Looking at him critically, I observed he was deeply agitated. •His face was livid, and his thin, claw-hke lingers clutched the table convulsively. " I am afraid you have not passed a good flight.' J observed quietly, t. F Ob, t.s to that you arc mistaken/1 was ' the reply. ** My night was a brilliant suc cess. If is moving from place to place that I abhor—those wretched midnight changes, those hurried meals, those abominable in conveniences of travelling, so trying when one is no longer young. But everything is ;dterc<l now. 1 have no longer any occa sion for doubt or suspense. My ignorance, too, has been dissipated with regard to the most vital point of all. .Strange that your friend has "a brother. Stranger still that the two resemble one another so miracu lously. Had it not been for that little scar over the left eyebrow my-work would have remained unaccomplished, after all my pa tience and zeal. But heaven rewards the just." "Look here!" I said suddenly. "You arc a scoundrel! You are watching my friend, or his brother, for no good purpose. Understand, however, I am watching you!" The man started as though stung by an adder. " "What!" he cried,_or rather hissed be tween his teeth, "you say you are watching me?" He then suddenly assumed the affect ed laugh which had struck ine on a former occasion. " Yon arc quite mistaken in your estimate of my character and purpose," he continued. | " My interest- in Mr. Hubert Chetwynd is mercenary. He c..es me money. And I mean to makc'lriui pny before many days arc over, or I will know the reason why." , A waiter appearing on the sccue at this ! moment, I went out without .mother word: in search of Lawrence. Happily, he was not far distant. I had scarcely reached the i Madeleine when his hand was on my' shoulder. " Well, old man. did you sleep your bad temper away last night?" i I must explain here that it was an un-! written law between us never to take offence, no matter what might be the provocation. We quarrelled, argued, and fought out our battles of diverse opinion like tbc rest of men. Unlike the rest, however, we counted our friendship the most supreme possession in life. Linking my arm within that of the ques tioner, wo walked on in the blinding glare j of the noontide suu, while he recounted the strange ciicumstance -of his mecliug with Hubert. "It was awfully fuuny, Roger. I went straight to u certain bridge over the river where there is a stone bench, and there, just as I had seen him in mv dream, with both hands thrust into his pockets and an ugly scowl on his face, stood Ilnbert, look ing down into the yellow, muddy water. I would not tell another soul save yourself," he added, "but the instant my brother re cognised me he swore a terrible oath, and struck ine with all Jus might. ".Startled at this occurrence, for, although our last parting had been cold, it had not been unfriendly, I was more than startled at what followed. Tuiuing oil his heel, my brother sought to escape me. The sting ing smart left bv his cowardly blow was as nothing to this second insult. "I followed, not without his knowledge, for more than an hour. At last he halted and confronted me, with the moonlight shin ing full upon his face. *• * Have you come for your money, Law rence?* he asked. " I had never heard my brother speak in such tones of utter despair in his life before. Something in his altitude arrested the sneer which would inevitably have fallen from my lips at the mention of the word money, but I put the temptation aside. *•" You are in trouble,1 I remarked, gravely. 44 * Trouble enough to sink a ship, or drown a man!* was the answer. 'I was just about to make my farewell obeisance to this cursed world, and sock the arms of the beautiful'Seine, when your arrival postponed my plans—for awhile.1 " * There is very little I would not do to prevent your taking such a coward!}' step as that of suicide, Hubert. But if it is money you want, there I am powerless. My father, as you know, dealt the cards very uucTcnly in that direction. I am little short of a beggar. Still, all my sympathies are yours—my services too.' "4 Shake hands, Lawrie, maybe for the last time!- I am a beggar as well! Every penny of the Chetwynd fortune is lost. Ul gotten money—you kuow the old proverb*' " * The Chetwynd money was not ill-got ten,1 I replied hotly. * It may have been ill-spent.' "41 tell you it was ill-gotten I' he shouted, stamping Ms foot in a paroxysm of rage. 4 Sly father left a just and honourable will, as well as a just and honourable name. To you he left the money, to me, of course, descended the land. But of what use was an estate to mc which I could*not sell? I wanted money—nothing but money. 1 would have sold every brick of the man sion, every shrub in the coppices, every bramble of the hedges for money—but the law prevailed- mc, as you arc aware. So I forged a later will, in wMch I inherited both property and money. Every penny of the latter has been lost—gambling debts, horses, and the rest. Of course you can claim what you like upon the estate. You can repay yourself as the days go by, for it's a iine prcperty. I always ineant to leave a last dying confession of my misdeeds. Indeed, a sealed packet awaits you at our family lawyer's, only to be opened upon my death Why don't* you speak, Lawrence? I've done my part towards reparation, and I intended to sleep lu the Seine to-night. You can shoot me it you choose. I shan't liinch. I'm sick, deadly sick, of the shame and hollow mockeries of this side the grave.' " I felt it was the truth my brother was speaking Wc had never held many views in coinmou. lie liad gone liis way in life— an idle, cureless, dissipated way. as it after wards proved—but the bitthbond had always held us together iu au outward form o! friendship. "' Why can't yon speak, Laurie? I know Tm a scoundrel. Ever since I can remem ber we seem to have played the separate parts of saint and sinner.' " My brother turned very pale as he spoke, aud the familiar abbreviation of inv name for the second time did the rest. The pas siouatc hatred which had burned in inv breast during the recital of his wrongdoing iiished. I broke down utterly. "' Thank God, my dear father is acquit ted of the crime of injustice, and the cloud of parental uukindness removed from my path. Also, that I have been the means of saving you from a death of shame, Hubert.' "•'Thank God!' he repeated fervently, raising his hat as he spoke—' for the child's sake!' "'Then you are married!' I ejaculated, ighast "at this further development of affairs. We had not met since my disin heritance. • Ob, yes! My wife is a mere child her self, ami threo months ago a son was born to us. It was for the little chnps sake I came over here—to Paris. I Iiave always been lucky hitherto in the gay city, aud thought to regain some of my lost wealth at the tables, as so often before. Put you know where (lie hick drove me to-night I By the way, who is that cadaverous old man under the lamp opposite?* he added, iu tones of fear and suspicion. " Here we are at mv quarters. Let us finish the rest of our conversation indoors.' 'So we went in, and had some food to gether; and now I am here, and must beg ol you to let me have the .sleep for which I am almost dying." \Yc were passing through the courtyard of our hotel, bright with dowering shrubs and little marble-topped tables, as Law rence spoke, and instinctively I looked round for the strauge old man who had haunted* both so persistently. He was not there. Three days after this conversation all Pans rang with the news of a foul murder, which had been committed iu one of the low wine shops of the city, close to Notre Dame. The victim evidently belonged to the superior class of society, hence the un wonted agitation connected with his death. •Some of the journals described 1dm as dark and middle-aged, others as young, florid, md slightly built ; but all agreed that he was of gentle birth, and none could furnish the least clue to his identity. The murderer had completed his task with 10 utmost care. Not a paper, not a scrap of linen, not a jewel, had bccu found on the body, which now awaited,identification at the Morgue. I was bending over the latest account in mv own room, Latvrencc having gone out to meet his brother, for whose society he had almost deserted me of late, when what I took at first to be a madman rushed upon mo. You must come with me at once to the Morgue. Hubert is there!" "But, Lawrence " I was beginning. Then I saw something in my friend's face which forbade expostulation, and mechani cally I took up my hat. On our way to the Morgue Lawrence qiokc twice. '"Hubert begged me not to leave him last night. He declared that he shadowed every step he took by a wretched, ill-looking old man; and, some how. he seemed to know who the man was. for he trembled from head to fo'ot with fear." The next remark startled me iu spite of myself. " I was dreaming again last night, Koger; but of course I kuew better than to mention such a fact to you." Lawrence's ginnce of reproach was more than I could endure. "I tell you what it is. Chetwynd. You. are bewitched—or something very much to the same purpose. The sooner we get out of this broiliug atmosphere the better for our brains. I vole we quit the whole thing to-night, aud leave your brother to return to his paternal acres." . My friend's reply was to ascend the steps leading to that ghastly window, behind which the unfortunate unknown dead of Paris are exposed to the pitiless gaze of the careless passer-by. I am no lover of the horrible myself, and could not repress the sickly faiutness and shuddering disgust which stole over me as my eye fell upon a group of little children with their faces i>rcssed close to the cruel glass. There were three terrible objects exposed to view that day—the body of a young workman with signs of starvation written on even* feature and a great gash in his 'throat, the body of a woman—but I cannot even now at this distance of time dwell upon the details of this creature's loathsome appearance. »Sufiicc it to say that iu the middle of these two victims of crime and utter wretchedness reposed the form of a singularly handsome, distinguished-looking individual whom (though I had never before seen kiin) I. knew in a moment to be Hubert Ciictwvnd. He was lying with his eyes wide open, and his magnificent teeth glittering—in a savage, or agonised grin—it was difficult to decide winch. He had evidently been shot through the heart, and the murderer had completed his foul work by afterwards cut ting the throat of his victim. 1 never quite knew what immediately fol lowed on iny awful discovery. A crowd gathered round us, for Lawrence had fallen to the ground in a dead swoon, and I was found leaning against the uearest wall with my eyes closed, and for llie lime being perfectly speechless. ' . . Such occurrences as a man fainting wore common- events in that, special Quarter. One of tho throng ran to a wine shop for brandy, another loosened Chetwynd'scollar, and several others assisted to place him in a voiturc which happened to be at band. He, never recovered consciousness until long after wc had reached our hotel, and even then his senses were all confused and wan dering—indeed, for many days he was uudcr the doctors care. A month afterwards'found us travelling towards a pretty, red-roofed village in Sus ses, where stood the grand old Elizabethan mansion of the Chetwynds, whose leaded windows gleamed in the sunlight. Law rcpcc had made an appointment to meet the family lawyer there, and after the comple tion of his business we bad arranged to resumo our former al fresco life abroad. I shall not burden the estate by s much as a penny," lie lohl me. as we drove through the splendid beech avenue leading to the principal entrance. u J merely want to make arrangements for poor Elsie's coin fort until the boy comes of age. Then lie will, of course, take matters into his own hands." " But surely," I inquired, with intense concern, no less than surprise—"surely yon will ieiinimr.se yourself, in part at least, for the money your broiher misappropri ated?" Lawrence looked at me for a moment in dlencc. Then a curiuus®smilc spread slowly >ver his face. "Well, I rather think not," he replied at last. " You see, it would mcau letting Elsie into the secret of her husbands dis honour/ I won't do that at any cost !*' After dinner, at which the v young widow ! as present, Lawrence and Mr. Noble, ilic family solicitor, retired into the library to gether, and I saw no more of mv friend until the nest day, their business interview having lasted through the night. We are leaving here at once, Moger, if you have 110 objection," he said,- in a. hard, constrained voice. I noticed that lifa hand diook as ho tumed over the leaves of Brad ■haw. and his face was deathly pale. Hubert's poor broken-hcaricd widow ac-1 compaiiicd us to the door, as we said good-1 bye, imploring us to conic again very soon, I and crying bitterly as her glance rested on the lithe athletic form of her husband's brother. "So like and so unlike my darling Hubert," she kepi 011 repeating, as wc tried vaiu to comfort her. .She was one of those fair, angelic-looking women with flaxen hair worn loosely about her shoulders, and pretty rosebud mouth— the kind of creature whom misfortune kills as surely as a knife. Lawrence, though avoiding her as much j as possible, treated her with the most ex quisite courtesy and kindness. But the moment we were out of sight of his old home his forced composure vanished. Bury ing his head between his hands, lie leaned back in the corner of the carriage and sobbed convulsively—entirely overmastered by the passion of consuming grief—grief in which no human sympathy could bear a part. v . Never again during the course of his somewhat brief existence did my friend re visit Chetwyhd Hall! Before his death he confided to me the solution of his sudden departure from thence, together with cer tain other matters bearing upon this history. It.transpired, during Lawrence's private interview with the family solicitor, that the sweet young girl-wife Eisie was in lealitv no wife at all! Hubert had married a fanner's daughter secretly duriug his college days, deserting her afterwards, and leaving iter under the supposition that the ceremony of their wedding had been illegal. During*her lifetime this supposition had been main tained. She died shortly after the birth of Elsie's child, and, Iicr true position having been discovered by her father, he swore to be revenged. Inheriting a strain of Italian blood from his mother's side, his sole end aud aim iu life from the day of his daugh ter's-burial was to murder her cowardly and cruel deserter. Having completed Ins woik he disappeared, and was never again heard of. Probably the Seine swallowed liim up. * Of course Hubert's death rendered ,t im possible for matters to be placed on a proper I legjd footing for poor Elsie. As for the J child, heir to the lovely Clietwynd mansion J and property—why, the bov bad no light even to bear the name. Lawrence told me the struggle between I the two points al issue for him had bcui | terrible. Hubert's sealed letter had con fussed everything. There remained to him only one of two courses. Either he must | publish his brother's infamy to a sneering, scoffing world, or he must go forth once I again, the jK'nuiless younger brother of the I family, and watch over the Chetwynds" 111-1 tcresfs from afar. He chose the latter course. Wc resumed our old wandering life uudcr foreign skies. .Sometimes Fate smiled 011 us, and oftener she frowned, but wc remained for the most part indifferent, and were as liappy as the generality of mortals in our own way, until tho terrible hour arrived for us to part. When Lawrence Ch?t\vvnd died there passed from earth one of the most self-sacrificing men ever created, and one of the most noble 1 The reader will judge this from his slorv. 