THEODORE'S SCHEME. "1. declare. Theodore, I don't know, what 1 shall do to- keep Bridget in at night. I don't want to discharge her, as she docs her work all right, and is a model in other respects; but 'she ap pears to be determined to go out three or four evenings a week, in spite of' all I can say, and I wish I knew some way to' break her of the habit." And Mrs. Grubbins sighed and glanced appcaiingly across the breakfast table at her husband. "What's that? What's that?" demanded Grub- bins, suddenly flaring up, "Wants to go out four evenings a week, oh? I'll see about that. Sorry you didn't speak to me about it before." "I am, also," interposed Mrs. Grubbins; "that is, if anything can be done; but I'm afraid talk ing will do no good." "Talking!" shouted Grubbins. "Ob, no, Hannah! I'm not going to do any talking. I know a trick worth two of that. Where's that Hamlet's father's ghost costume I wore here last winter?" "Packed away in a chest in the garret. But what do you want with it?" inquired Mrs. G. I "Never mind that. I only want to know where I can put my hands on it, that's all," responded 1 Grubbins, airily. "A woman can never keep a secret, and it'll be time enough to inform you what I'm going to do with that .heart-touching costume when I got ready to put it on." "Surely, Theodore, you're not going to at tempt to frighten Bridget into staying in during the evening?" and Mrs. Grubbins gazed half de- prccatingly, half jidmiringly at her diminutive but plucky "husband. (N.B.— Grubbins weighed exactly S st., counting his overcoat and boots.) "That's all right," remarked Grubbins, loftily. "All you have to do is to hold your tongue, and allow mc to manage this affair." That night Bridget went out as usual, and about U.30 Grubbins, arrayed iu the ghostly habi liments of Hamlet's deceased progenitor, quiet ly concealed himself beneath the basement stairs. Here lie crouched, patiently awaiting, and ever and anon chuckling softly to himself in anticipation of the coming fun. It was a fortunate thing for Grubbins that he had liis laugh beforehand— but no matter. Let us not anticipate, as Grubbins did, but calmly await the unfolding of the plot. An hour later, when Bridget, blissfully uncon scious of the terrors in store for her, entered the basement door, she was suddenly confronted by the sheltered form of Grubbins, who drew him self up to his full height of 5 feet 3 in his slippers, and began, in his most blood-curdling accents: "I am thy father's ghost, doomed for a certain term " 'Thai's thot?" interrupted iha undaunted daugh ter of Erin and Michael O'Flynn. "Me feyther is aloivc yit, an' the divil a ghost has he got to his back; an phat's more, me gay an festive fri'nd, if it's nfthcr attiinpting to scare me ye air, jLjt take thot fer ycr trouble, an' see how ye like And Bridget accompanied her remarks by a re sounding cuff on the ear that made Grubbins's teeth rnt(le and sent him reeling backward across the hall. "Mc faythcr's ghost, eh? An' me talkin' to the ould man not over nn hour ago. Oi'll make ye a ghost in airncst if ye come foolin' around here wid any uv ycr tricks!" went on the indignant and un- terrified Bridget, as she followed Grubbins alon" the passage way, vigorously cuffing him. Grubbins was stunned for a moment by the sud den onslaught, but presently his gigantic intel lect came to the rescue, and he turned and sped out of the rear door and the fence, accom panied by a shower of kitchc-n bric- a-brac and Bridget's parting blessing. He remained shivering behind an old hogshead in the next yard until Bridget had cooled off and retired, and then cautiously crept into the hou=Q via the basement window, doffed his ghostly rai ment, and sneaked quietly upstairs to bed, with several extra bumps on the outside of his cranium- and a painfully vivid impression inside of it that his attempt at frightening Sirs. Grubbins's per verse and recalcitrant handmaiden had been a dis mal and discouraging failure. - P.S.— Bridget is ntil! taking her three or four evenings out each week, and Grubbins announces that she can keep on doing so, and be blest, So far as he is concerned. He is at present attending strictly to his own affairs, and letting Mrs Q attend to hers. 