Local and General News. Hiob-Pbicbd Land.— Millerby Farm, situated at Hinton, containing 300 acres of first-class agri cultural and grazing land, was recently sold by auction at West Maitfond for £4000. The purchasers were F. and W. Mann. Pueifyisg the Bolls. — The Premier has decided to have the rolls purified in time for the firat Federal election. This work will he carried out by the police. Reports already received from the police disclose a good deal of interesting information, especially in regard to the border constituencies, where the police say they cannot find 40 per cent, of the persons enrolled. A Bio Plough. — The largest plough in the world is owned by Mr* K. Gird, of California. The im ^ r '?? wner stands 18ft.' high, and weighs .'i jvOOjh. . '' una by steam, is provided with twelve i2i«. piu: ? - es, and is capable of ploughing 50 acres of :o ,y. It usually travels at the rate of 4 r, r,r -v. . and consumes from I to 1J tons csiv.-.a1 '.J-jrr. — The UJnffee Supper which was ?u ?-i eke place last Mo- nday night has been r — uutii next Satnrday nig.ht, owing to the continued ram. I Indian Famine Fund.— Miss Levick, of Dumaresque Island, has informed ;tha Secretary of the Taree Committee (Mr. W. N. Flatt), that she is not canvassing for subscriptions in her locality— collectors from Cundletown having done so some days previous to her receiving; the Taree list. Mr. Robert Hanna' of the Wallau^ba, has returned the list sent to him, as he had already received one from Wingham. The sum of £80 bar 3 go far been sent to Sydney from Taree, leaving al felanoeof 1/3 inhand. It it rr.r-f- ? total ? jf over £100 will be reac — ^ . 3fi .— By tbe s. s. Electra on XIIQ. - I .? i. Mnaslan il ? ^AU^ilCIGI U1 VUO jCtcnii ' ' -irrived on toe river on a few % r-in-law, Mr. G. J. Cross, of the L ; ,E i Jme years since Mr. Temper ley w. s u t.v- t before, and he notices a great unpra i- r/nont i ,. mj'! cb-.-itions — especially in Taree. meetb ii a ' tiic- banning are very pleased to ,, Jf? '1; r-D'j; v Pi tno.— 'Jhia dredge was towed down .®, 7 1 ? oppoaitp ihe AVoolla on Monday last, fl '1' Dione, and moored near tneupp lIJ !nv of ibiroa-isque Island, in the South Passage., tor d being anticipated. TnY^r.ffnr. 71 l-1® 'P* For a small country town, JZZZZ ' 8t Plaoes of the same sizC from the cire , ut unl, unded reports. They are sometime; , ., tms;i,iyput ,iat they are at once ac cepted as e -dible, and t - i into rapid ciroulation. jrrom tn . own they quickly epread throughout the l hr° Pcoia'y y there k ° shadow of fact to ? ®i rumour upon. At other times the reports Sf°..v are/so absurd, and ofteu so contradictory, that the', aly wonder is that they can find anyone to repeat tcem. When sifted to their origin, some silly excuseir made, their authenticity isdenied, or they are annonniod to have been intended as a harmless joke ! One or two suoh persons in a town are quite sufficient ?.l e-P a 8ma11 community like that of Taree agog with incitement, and often do considerable misohief, probably without intending to do so. ChIjbch or England.— The Bishop of Newcastle reque sed all his clergy to observe last Sunday as a 1 dsi^ of speoial intercession for those in peril in China. On aooonnt of the inclement weather on Sunday, the Rev. R. H. Phillips, as advertised in another column, will observe to-day (Wednesday), and Sunday next, for this purpose. The Late Mb. E. T. Collinb.— Prior to Mr. E T. Collins' untimely death, which was referred to in our lost issue, he and Mrs. Collins and familv were tendered a valedictory social on the Bellinger River when abput 90»ersons were .present, notwithstanding that the social had been postponed from the ' night' before on .account of too wet weather, and that very little notice could be given..: Very oomplimenthiy ; speeches were made by a number of gentlemen, in cluding fhe Be'k. MA' Mitchell, and Mr. Collins waft presented with anaddress, which was, to hijre been illuminated and sent on to him, and 'rilrio ' a riektjy framed p^ioto. group of the members of. the Preshr teriante^Khlaioir, .with' whom Mr,r!OolIiiftihad formed tt» streigeSfitres ofifritodBblp; hairiilg''adted as choir-master. Mrs. Collins was presented with half -a-dprari^SUd silver spoorfi ofa*unic[aeT pattern, and Miss' Collins was -made the recipient' of a beauti ful gold- bangle,, suitably iuBfiribod, from the members of the.' Presbyterian congregation.' Mr. Collins Baitably repliea. on behalf of himself and fomily ? stating .that if hia life were spared- he would revisit the Bellinger, little thinking that in toe course of two or three days he would be taken back a corpse, to be interred there. Mr. Collins had been granted six months' leave of absence by the 'Department of Education, np. foil. pay. Pekbbttkeian Chubch of N.S.W.— The Itev. John Wulker is (announced to address meetings in connection with the Presbyterian 'Centenary Move ment as- follows 1 Taree, to-morrow (Thursday)'; Cundle, Friday^ Tinonee, Monday; FaBford, Tuesday: and GroH;. (Oddfellows' Hall), Thursday, Aug. 2. 1 ' Induction of toe Rev. R. V.. .Kino. — Notwith- standing the inclement weather on Sunday morning last, the Rev. R. H. Phillipa accompanied the Rev.' R. V. King to Coopernook, and in toe presence'of a fairly large oongrcgation — oonsideringthestate of the weather — inducted the rev. gentleman, as Curate in the sole ohaige'of the ParochisI District of Coopernook oum-Camdcn Haven. Goma to Condobolin.— Mr. G. M. Galloway,, who served his time in our office, left the river' by the Eleotra on Saturday laBt for Condobolin, where he has bofen engaged .by one of the local newspaper offices. Death of Abbe Schuee.— The Ven. Abbe Schurr, Vicar-General of the R. C. Diooeseof Grafton, died in the Casino Hospital on Tuesday, toe 17th instant, at the age of 74 years, from blood poisoning, which supervened on an aeoidental injury to his leg whilst getting into his buggy some days before. BrutXMu Oil I'onnurre -Thr Delhi? Art Oo., by (be last trio of the Eteetra, emit (em splwdid portraits in nils tn this river, tn the order ol Mr. Jm. Levick, J.P., of Cuiidletovrn, and Mr. T. B. Rupee. J.P., of Tirw. Tlie nicluros, which are Ufe-Uka, are splendidly mouutod and framed, and bare bran much admired by all who have seen them. Auckland Congbeoatiokal Chubcii. — The Gun grcgaliousl oommittoe has unanimously select od the Rev. John Wilkin*, of the Old Kent-road Church, M&rUwro;' , to succeed the Rev. Joseph Parkot at Auckland. The Rev. Joseph Wilkins will tako a mouth to consider the call. Probably he will accept Public Schools' Athletic Association. — A meet ing of the members of the M. R. D. Public Schools' Athletic. Association is convened by the Hon. 8eo retarios for Saturday next, 28th inst., in the Superior Public School,' Taree. Important busiuoea is to be transacted. Fob Sale ? Mr. Walter Cairns, of Jones' Island, announces in our advertising colnmnB that he has for sale an active draught oolt in prime condition, rising three years old, by ' Boxeri Fobt Maoouabib Coitaob Hospital. — 20 acres of land have been surveyed by Mr. Naldcr, District Surveyor, for. the site of the Port Maoquarie Cottage Hospital, on the southern side of the Manning Road, about ^umile from toe town. - . -A BiteKiNo Fatality. — Aforrible burning accident oofififred 'oh Wednesday last, the victim being Mrs. M,M'Dpuidd, residing about four miles from Casino. Her 'son hciifl a scream, and, rushing in, found his mother imflames, but was tos iate to render assistance. Every stitch -bf clothing was burned off the unfo'rtu .nate-woman. - She lingered only Seven hours. ; ' ..'TiiE .Cobhemial BaSkinoHo. of Sydney, Ltd. — 'The -half-yeSrty' balance'-sHeet of the above company, presented to tbe shareholders at an ordinaiy general ,meetfttg held in Sydney on Friday, 20tojnro.,'sho.TOd Ith^^ne balance blTJfcbe credit of protian^x^M 'directors rco-^3tendS the relfowing appropriations : ^-Thnpaymentof a dividend for the half-year, at 10 per cent. per. annum,. £50,000.; the ^ahmco of nh£ridedi^rbdt . being' £20,161 12s. ' The. Reserve fund on the 30to June, 1900, was £1,010,0(1.' A WonmNO ' Bee MEOTiNa.'— Several persons , intereeted in sport arc arranging a 'clearing bee' upon the Taree Race Course to-day (Wednesday)', leavingiTarce at 2 o'clock. . Those wishing to join in are requested to leave their names with Mr. P. F. ' M'Phellajny; eo that conveyance arrangements may be fixed np. The work will consist of brushing suc kers, and burning off.* Railway Accident. — By a railway accident at Parkville (8. A.), on Friday last, 17 railway trucks were telescoped. Tbe damage is assessed at £2000. The Steameb Wyoming. — A telegram from toe Macleay Heads on Saturday morning stated that the North Coast 8. N. Co. 'a steamer Wyoming went aground on the spit at the south entrance. A later message advised that the steamer was floated off at noon, uninjured, and proceeded up the river. M. R. D. Hospital. — There are eleven patients in this institution. Nobody has been admitted since our last issue. Mr. J. Bonncy, of Lauricton, was dis charged on Friday evening, and Mr. B. Miller, of Lansdowne, on Satnrday last. Gbeat Cleabance Sale. — Mr. S. Wilson, of Manning Stores, Taree, announces in this issue a great clearance sole of winter goods, at largely reduced prices. ' Accepted Tbndeb. — The tender of Mr. C. Coleman, of Stroud, has been accepted at £43 10s. for making additions to the teacher's residence at Stroud. The A. M. P Society. — A special meeting of shareholders of the A. M. P. Society was held last Friday, to oonsider the proposal to extend the business to Great Britain. The meeting carried a resolution adjourning to October 10th, and, after an animated discussion, broke up in confasion. Sir Joseph Abbott announced tbat toe proxies were overwhel mingly in favor of extending tbe operations of toe Australian Mutual Provident Society to Great Britain., . . Great Caesar's Ghost ! poor wasted frame, That ohce full vigour did possess, Can't bo a man ill else but name, His cough has brought him such distress. The undertaker smiles to think Next winter's cold he'll not endure ; Oh ! ne'er say die, but take' a drink Of W. E. Woods' Great Peppermint Cure.* 