Ingratitude. IFar rank ingratitude commend usto the' Courier's doleful article on the^lnoggera election. That paper has had some funny things to say about recent Labour successes, but one hardly thought it would go out of its way to openly insult the candidates of their own particular colour. Few people recognised 'that The Government nominee, W. T. Reid, had even a ghost of a show against a strong man like Mat. Reid, and especially in respect of Enoggera, which had been treated so badly by the apostacy of Drake. Howrver, it in to be presumed that theGovernment selected their strongest man, and, in-any event, they selected a man whose honesty was undoubted if his political colour was of questionable calibre. As we all know, he went down ' wallop,' and he took his defeat well. But not so the Courier. Anxious to discover an excuse for Mat. Reid's success, they cast odium on the Government nominee— said he was weak, had no personal popularity, and soon, and then hastened to say, after declaring that a man to be .successful must have a good public record, that if Hawthorne had been chosen to fight the contest the result would have been different. In th« .first place, if a public record were an essential Hawthorne had a worse show than W. T. Reid, for while the latter has fought an election and taken the platform on matters of social concern,*Hawthorne is absolutely unknown ~irr public 1if e^ — Hawthorne's ^chief recom mendation lay in the fact that he married well, is known somewh&t; in Society, and is a lawyer. But the' fact remains that no man -the^ovemtnent -caauJULliftva brought^ forward oould haveJcept Mat. Reid out of it, and the Courier ought to have graciously acknowledged th - fact It would have been infinitely more ere - ***ble had tbat journal cheerfully admitted that the personality of the candidates had nothing whatever to do with the matter at all. The electors of Queensland have got paet that sortel thing. They look at measures, not mm, nowadays, and the cause of W. T. Reid's defeat was primarily due to the fact that he was aflied to a party that is politically dead and that stiulft in the nostrils of every man possessing any sense of decency. An admission, that this was so would have been dignified-? the taste of the Courier in 'attaching 4hc odium xjf failure fej -W. T. Reid in the way it did, and Hie language it did, was simply execrable. Little wonder that it was resented. 