THE STOB.YT&LLEB; A Niece of 'Snapshot Harry's.' By Bukt Haute. T There was a hlitrht jarring through the whole frame of the coach, a grinding find hii-f-ing from Ihe bmkeH, and then a sudden jolt as the vehicle ran upon and rer oiled fioni 'be taut pole-straps of the now aricsfei liuws. The murmur of a voice in the road was heard, followed by the impatient accents of Vnba Bill — t he driver. ' Wba-at ': Speak up, can't ye ': ' Here the voice littered something id a louder key, but equally unintelligible to the now interested and fully awnkemd passengers. Oce of them dropped the window ufarest him and looked out. He could see the faint glistening of the rain-wH.-bed lantern near the wheeler's heads, mingling wjtli the stronger coach lights, and the glow of (be distant opeu cabin door through the leitves and branches of the roadside. The i-ouud of falling rain on the roof, a soft swaying of wind-tossed trees, and an impatient movement on the box seat were all they heard. Then Yuba Bill's voice arose again, apparently in answer to the other. ' Why, that's half a mile away ! ' ' Yes, but ye might have dropped onto it in the dark, and it's all on th/j down grade,' re sponded a strange voice more audibly. The passengers were now thoroughly aroused. ' What's up, Ned .- ' asked the one at the window of the ntaiest of two figures who had descended from the box. ' Tree fallen across the road,' said Ned, the Expressman, briefly. ' I don't see no tree,' responded the passenger, leaning out of the window towards the obscuiity ahead. ' Now, that's onfortnit ! ' said Yixba Bill grimly ; ' but ef any gentleman will only lend him an opery glass, mebbee he kin see round the curve and over the other side o' the hill where it is. Now then ' — addressing the stranger with the lantern — ' bring along yonr axes, cau't je P » ' Here's one, Bill,' said an officious outside passenger, producing the instrument he had taken from i;s strap in the boot. It was the ' regulation ' axe. beautifully fchaped, highly polished, and utterly ineffective, as Bill well fnl'l Weffin't.eutt!n' no kindling' he said scorn - fully : then he added busquely to the Mranger : Fetch out your biggest wood axe-you've got one, ye know -and look sharp ' /? I don't think Bill need be so d ? d rou-h with the stranger, considering he's saved the coach a_ very bad Mnash,' suggested a reflective young journalist in the next se*t. ' He talks as it tbe man was responsible.' ' He's not quire wire if that isn't the fact' said the Express Messenger in a lower voice ? Why? What do you mean r' clamoured the others excitedly. « Well-this is about the spot where the up coach was robbed six months ago,' returned the Messenger. ' Dear me ! '' said the lady in the back seat, rising with a half- hysterical laugh, ' hadn't we better get out before they come ? ' 'There is not the slightest danger, ma'am,' said a quiet, observant man, who had scarcely spoken before, ' or the Express man would not have told us : nor would he, I reckon, have left his post beside the treasure on the box.' The (-light sarcasm implied in this was enough to redden the Expressman's cheek in the light of the coach lamp which Yuba Bill had just un- i shipped and brought to the window. He would i have made some tart rejoinder, but was prevented by Yuba Bill addressing the passengers : ' 1V11 ? have to put up with one light, I reckon, until we've got this job finished.' ' How long will it last, Bill r ' asked the man ; nearest the window. 'Well,' ciaid Bill, with a contemptuous glance c at the elegant coach axe he was carrying in his I hand, ' considerin' these pur ty first-clas* highly expensivp hash choppers that the Kempany ( furnishes us, I reckon it may take an hour.' c ' but is there no place where we can wait ? ' j asked the lady anxiously. ' I see a light in that c house yonder.' i ' Ye might try it, though the Kempany, as 6 a rule, ain't in the habit o' makin' social calls c there,' returned Bill with a certain grim r significance. Then, turning to some outside c passengers, he added, ' Now then ! them as is goin' to help me tackle that tree, trot down ! I reckon that blithering idiot ' (the stranger with t the lantern who had disappeared) ' will have sense d enough to fetch us some ropes wit I: his darned o axe.' r The passengers thus addressed, apparently d miners and working men, good- humouredly de- t scended, all except one, who seemed disinclined p to leave the much-coveted prat on the box beside the driver.' 1 ' I'll look after your places and keep my own,' he s.aid with a lautrh, as the others followed Hill I through the dripping rain. When the last man i had disappeared, the young journalist turned to the lady. ' - ' If you would r^illy like to go to that house I - will gladly accompany you.' It was possible that in addition to his youthful chivalry there was i a little youthful resentment of Yuba Bill's 1 domiutering prejudices in his attitude. However, -? the quiet, observant pastenger lifted a look of 1 approval' to him, and added, in his previous t level, half contemptuous tone : 1 ' You'll be quite as well there as here, ma'am, i and there is certainly no reason for your stopping t in the coach when the driver chooses to leave it.' i The passengers looked at each other. The t stranger spoke with authority, and Bill had -? certainly been a little arbitrary ! \ ' I'll go too,' said the passenger by the t window. ' And you'll come won't you, Ned ? ' t he added to tne Express Messenger. Tbe young t man he.-iiattd : he was recently appointed, and t as yet fresh to tbe business — but he was net to be s 1 aught his duty by an officious stranger ! He v rjsetited the interference youthfully, by doing tiie very thing he would have preferred not to do, and, with assumed carelessness — yet feeling in his pocket to assure himself that the key of the treasure compartment was safe — turned to follow them. ' Won't you come, too ? ' said the journalist, , politely addressing the cynical pasenger. j ' No — I thauk you ! — I'll take charge of the , joach,' was his smiling rejoinder, as he settled himself more comfortably in his seat. The little procession moved away in silence. ' Oddly enough no one, except the lady, really ?ared to go, and two — the Expressman aud journalist — would have preferred to remain on the ;oach. But the national instinct of questioning \ my purely arbitrary authority probably was a sufficient impulse. As they neared the open door )f what appeared to be a four-roomed, unpainted, ed-wood boarded cabin, the passenger who had jeeupied the seat near the window said : , ' I'll go fiist aud sample the shanty.' He was not, however, so far iu advance of ? hem but that the others could hear quite liftinctly hip off hand introduction of their party »u the threshold, and the somewhat lukewarm esponse of the inmates. ' We thought we'd just Irop in and be sociable until the coach was ready o start again,' he coutinued, as the other ?assengers entered. ' This yer gentleman is Ned Brice. Adams and Co.'s Expressman: this ver is Frank Fenshaw, editor of the ' Mountain Banner ' ; this yer's a lady, so it ain't nrcessary to ffiv? her name, I reckon — even if we kunwed it ! Mine's Sara Hexshall, of Hexshall aud Dobb's Flour Mill?, of Stockton, whar, ef you ever come that way, I'll be bappy to return the compliment and hospitality. The room they had entered had little of com- I fort and brightness iu it except the lire of pine logs which roared and cracked in the adobe j chimney. The air wculd have beeu too warm j but for the strcng west wind and rain which I entered the open door freely. There was no other 1 light than the fire, and its tremulous and ever- I changing brilliancy gave a spasmodic mobility I to the faces of those turned towards it, or threw 1 nto stronger shadow the features that were I :urned away. Yet, by this uncertain light, they I .?ould see the figures of a man and two women. 1 Fhe man rose and with a certain apathetic ges- I :ure that seemed to partake more of weariness 1 ind long suffering than positive discourtesy, 1 ;eudered seats ou chairs, boxes, and even logs to 1 lie belf-invited guests. Tbe stage parly were 1 surprised to see that this man was the stranger I vho had held the lantern in the road. m ' Ah ! then you didn't go with Bill to help m clear the road?11 said tbe Expressman sur prisedly. The man slowly drew up his tall, shambling figure before the fire, and then, facing them, with his hands behind him, as slowly lowered himself again as if to bring his speech to the level of hi^ hearers and give a lazier and more deliberate affect to his long- drawn utterance ' Well — no ! ' he said slowly. ' I — didn't- go — with — no — Bill — to — help — clar — tbe road ' 1 — don't — reckon — lo go — with —no — Bill— to- jlear — any road ! I've just wittled this tiling iown to a pint, and it's this — I aiu't no Stag' Kempauy's nigger So far as turnin' out and iVHrnio' 'era agin goin' to smash over a fallen tree, and slap down into the Canon with a p;^sc! jf innercent passengers I'm that much a white man, but I ain't no nigger to work clearimr things away for 'em, nor I ain't no scrub to woik oeside 'em.' He slowly straightened himself up igain, and, with bis former apathetic air, look ing down upon one of the women who was setting i coffee-pot ou the coal, wdded, ' But I rei kmi i' [?' lid 'voman here kin give you some coiiee ai .?.! ivhisky — ef you ker for it.' Unfortunately the young Expressman was nnne oyal to Bill than diplomatic. - (Continued on Page 5S3;. The mm slowly drew up his tall, shambling figure before the fire, and then, facing them, with his hinds behind him, as slowly lowered himself again as if to bring his speech to the level of his hearers and (jive a lazier and more deliberate effect to his long-drawn utterance. — Chapter I. {Continued from Paj?e 578). «If Bill's a little rough,' ho Baid, with Wbtened colour, ' perhaps he has some excuse tfnrit You forget it's only six months ago that his coach was 'held up ' not a hundred yards from this spot.' ? The woman with the coffee-pot here faced about, stood up, and, either from design or some odd coincidence, fell into the same dogged at titude that her husband had pieviouely taken— except that she rested her hands on her hips. She was prematurely aged, like many of her class, and her black, enake-like locks, twisting loose from hei comb as she lifted her head, showed threads of white against the firelight. Then with slow and implacable deliberation she said : » We ' forget ! ' Well ! — not much, sonny ! 'We ain't forgot it, and we ain't goin' to forget i t neither! We ain't bin likely to forget it .?Qt any time last six months. What with visitations from the County constables, hnoopin's round from 'Frisco detectives ; drop yingd in fr°m newspaper men, and yawpin's and Jtaiin'fl from tramps and strangers on the road — ^yB li&ven;'l had a chance to dtsremember much ! And when at last Hiram has tackled the Head Stage Agent at Marysville, and allowed that this yer pesterin' and peraecutin' had got ter stop — what did that yer Head Agent til] him ? Told him to ( ehet his head,' and be thankful that his ? thievin' old ehanty wasn't burnt down around his ears ! ' Forget that six months ago the coach was held up neat here ? Not much, sonny — not much ! ' The situation was embarrassing to the guests, as ordinary politeness called for some expression of sympathy with their gloomy hostess, and yet a selfish instinct of humanity warned them that there must be some foundation for this general distrust of the public. 'The journalist was troubled in his conscience ; the Expressman took refuge in an official reticence ; the lady coughed slightly, and irew nearer to the fire with a vague but safe compliment to its brightness and comfort. It devolved upon Mr. Heckshill, who felt the responsibility of his late airy introduction of the party, to boldly keep up his role, with an equally non-committal, light- hearted philosophy. ' Well, ma'am,' he said addressing his hostess, ' it's a queer world, and no man's got Babe enough to say what's the rights and wrongs o' anything. Some folk believe one thing and aot upon it, and other folk think differently and aot upon that ! The only tbiDg we kin safely say ez that things ez ez they be ! My rule here and at the mill, ez jest to take things ez I find'em ! ' It occurred to tho journalist that Mr. Heck shill had the reputation, in his earlier career, of ' taking ' such things as unoccupied lands a£d 'irn'ner ' as he found thorn ' without much re ?,:-? -:i.i.--i !??„? rJT-ir actual owners. Apparently he ...:.? ....-.:.?'?? upon ihc i.'iDw principle now, as he ... 7 ??'??. .1 '''jr the dorpiiolui of whisky 'vi»b the ;,. . -:. ?? .- v—'-^-^T' '' TH'3 iji-uii'.i.'ouy su».r ?-..???' !i; ii'l V dr^WD if !' ' ;. . ,..,... ' '.or. .-H'Kfy Feui-haw. *' X hiip ?:,:?:- ?'? I- ::.--'r 'H eoksh '- \ ' s dipl-y-Mstia r.'-_.]:: . . ? '??'.-' ' ii u 1 '? i, ?? !:?.!?.? '.PC;:.! ?'!??- ?ic;[i.y oi^. . ?;-??. iii-^i,; or ML.j^e v. ,.',-:?? ?;.- roiucideuco, a c.L; ^ .??(- ???'?-? j.r«:-: ::nv h;:.---c: confouuded you with your *»!..?-/ '? \\.? ., . '. .-?? believed to be friendly to the gfrog — or, yuu i^v imre made tome injudicious acquaintances. Per haps ? %- He was stopped by a suppressed, but not un musical, giggle which appeared to come from the woman in the corner who had aot yet spoken, and ?whoso face and figure in the shadow he had pre viously overlooked. But he could see that her outline was slim and graceful, and the contour of her head charming. Facts that had evidently not ei-caped the observation of the Expressman and Mr. Heckshill, and might have accounted for the cautious reticence of the one and the comfortable moralising of the other. The old woman cast an uneasy glance on the fair giggler, but replied to Fenshaw : ' That's it—' injerdisbus acquaintances ! ' But just because we might happen to have friends, or even be sorter related to1, folks in another line 'o business that ain't none 'o ours, the Kempany hain't no call to persecute us for it ! 'Spose we do happen to know some one like — - ' Spit it out, Aunty, now you've started in. I don't mind,' said the fair giggler, now ap parently casting off restraint in an outburst of laughter. ' Well,' said the old woman with dogged desperation, ' suppose, then, that that young girl thar is the niece of Snapshot Harry who stopped the coach the last time ? ' ' And ain't ashamed of it either ! ' interrupted the young girl rising and disclosing in the fire light an audacious but wonderfully pretty face, ' and supposing he is my uncle, that ain't any cause for their bedevlin' my poor old cousin JEiram and Sophy thar !' For all the indigna tion of her words, her little white teeth flashed xniBohievously in the dancing light as if she rather enjoyed the embarrassment of her audience, not , excluding her own relatives. Evidently Cousin Sophy thought so too. ' It's all very well for you to laugh, Flo, you limb ! ' she retorted querulously, yet with an ad miring glance at the girl, ' for ye know thar ain't a man dare touch ye even with a word— but it's mightly rough on me and Hiram all the same.' 'Never you mind, Sophy dear, ' said the girl, placing her hand half affectionately, half humour ously on the old woman's shoulder, ' meboe I 'woa't always be a discredit and a bother to you ? Jest you hold your hosses, and wait until Uncle Harry « holds up ' the next Pioneer Goach '— the dancing devil in her eyes glanced as if acci dentally on the young Expressman—' and he'll make a big enough pile to eend me to Europe, and you'll be quit o' me ! ' The embarrassment, suspiciousness, and un easiness of the -»ach party here found relief in a naif hysteric explosion of laughter, in which even the i dogged Hiram and Sophy joined. It seemed as impossible to withstand the girl's invincible audacity as her beauty. She was quick to per «J6 her advantage, and with a responsive laugh ?m a pictuesque gesture of invitation, said t '^ -3wt all's -cttlca yr'd h*t/-r rsltsr is i and have your whisky and coffee afore -the stage starts. Ye kin comfort yourselves that it ain't stolen or pizoned, even if it is served up to ye by Snapshot Harry's niece ! ' With another easy gesture she swung the demijohn over her arm, and offering a tin cup to each of the men, filled them in turn. The ice thus broken — or perhaps thus perilously skated aver — the passengers wera as profuse in their thanks and apologies as they had been con strained and artificial before. Heckshill and Fenshaw vied with each other for a glance from the audacious Flo. If their compliments partook of an extravagance that was at times ironical, the girl was evidently not deceived by it, but replied in kind. Only the Expressman, who seemed to hare fallen unler the spell * of her audacious glances, waB uneasy at the license of the others — yet himself dumb towards her. The lady dis creetly drew nearer to the fire, the old woman, and her coffee ; Hiram subsided into his apathetic attitude by the fire. A shout from the road at last proclaimed the return of Yuba Bill and his helpers. It had the singular effect of startling the party into a vague and uneasy consciousness of indiscretion, as if it had been the voice of the outer world of Law and Order, and their manner again beoame con strained. Tb.9 leave-taking was hurried and pre functory ; the diplomatic Heekshill again elapsed into glittering generalities about ' the best of friendB parting.' ODly the Expressman lingered for a moment on the doorstep in the light of the fire and the girl's dancing eyes. ' I hope,' he stammered with a very youthful blush, ' to come the next time — with — with — a better introduction.' ' Uncle Harry's,' she said, with a quick laugh and a mock curtesy as 6he turned away. Once out of hearing the party broke into hurried comment and criticism of the scene they had just witnessed — and particularly of tho fair actress who had played so important a part, aveiring their emphatic intention of wresting the facts from Yuba Bill at once, and cross-examine him closely, but — oddly enough — reaching the coach and that redoubtable individual, no one seemed to care to take the initiative, and they all scrambled hurriediy to their 'seats without a word. How far Yuba Bill's irritability and imperious haste contributed to this, or a fear that he might in turn catechise them, kept them silent, no one knew. Tho cynically observant passenger was not there ; he and the sole occupant of the box seafc — so they were told — had joined the clearing party some moments before, and would be picked up by Yuba Bill later on. Five minutes after Bill had gathered up the reins, they reached the scene of obstruction. The great pine tree which had fallen from the eteep bank abore and stretched across the road had been partly lopped of its branches, divided in twp lengths, which were now rolled to either side of the track, leaving barely space for the coach to j p::s* The huge vehicle ' slowed up ' as Yuba | iiill ;-:k';i«ily guided bis six horses through this f narr.w; allay, ^boss ts'fieli- of pine, glistening j with wei., tvush-'n u\m pmc-K aucl -i^:-~ o* the | C'&nli;, aci- eilecluauy ???-:o.u3 .'i any v;i-;v ivuj. its \- ??.^Wn'..\vi'. Svcn HoDi the -??:;»?; ?.; wr-, -he- liO5's-v:. ! Unix- -..;::: -o b- ci. ii- v ? uick1 -. -./ vhrjuir't a dvk, ' ^?'il^i'i v ? 'i^i s*--i. Vhixt, parr1'! '^?.'-'??- '?-:-?'. 'ioued ' ?. ?' . i a : . . ?; ? *:.?';?- -'.v\«'-y v--w- A ike .u- ?^'??:s , | werej^ ; ?.? :???':? i/oui it, ??-?-!. ; ??'-'? v»* gHrtier- j ing up his slacken^ ;is- -vh.;u n pprr;i. r*-~-rv ?? voice called : 'Halt!' At u^ ..?;.;.: , r .-.nr. .. the coach lights flashed upon a masked ci_ . motionless horseman in the road. Bill made an impulsive reach for his whip, but ia tho same in stant checked himself, reined in his horses with a suppressed oath, and eat perfectly rigid. Not so the Expressman, who caught up his rifle, but it was arrested by Bill's arm, and his voice in his ear. ' Too late ! — we're covered ! — don't be a d ? d fool ! ' The inside passengers, still encompassed by obscurity, knew only that the stage had stopped. The ' outsiders ' knew, by experience, that they were covered by unseen guns in tho wayside branches, and scarcely moved. 11 I didn't think it was the equate thing to stop you, Bill, till you'd got through your work,' said a masterful but not unpleasant voice, ' and if you'll just hand down tho express box I'll pas9 you and the rest of your load through freo ! But as we're both in a hurry, you'd better look lively about it.' ' Hand it down,' said Bill gruffly to the Ex pressman. » The Expressman turned with a white face but blazing cheek to the compartment below his seat. He lingered, apparently in some difficulty with the lock of the compartment, but finally brought out the box, and handed it to another armed and masked figure who appeared mysteriously from the branches beside the wheels. ' Thank you ! ' said the voice ; ' you can slide on now.' ' And thank you for nothing,' said Bill, gathering up his reins. ' It's the first time any of your kind Jjad to throw down a tree to hold me up.' ' You're lying, Bill ! — though you don't know it,' said the voice cheerfully. ' Far from throw ing down a tree to stop you, it was I sent word along the road to warn you from crashing down upon it, and sending you and your load to he ? il before your time ! Drive on ! ' The angry Bill waited for no second comment, but laying his whip over the backs of his team drove furiously forward. So rapidly had the wLole scene passed that the inside passengers knew nothing of it, and even those on the top of the coach roused from their stupor and inglorious inaction only to cling desperately to tho terribly swaying coach as it thundered down the grade and try to keep tlieir equilibrium. Yet, furiouB as was their speed, Yuba Bill could not help notic ing that the Expressman from time to time cast a hurried glance behind him. Bill knew that the young man had shown readiness and nerve in the attack, although both were hopeless, yet he was eo much concerned at his set white face and com pressed lips that when, at the end of three miles unabated speed, they galloped up to the ftrst station, he seized the young man by the aim, and, as the clamour of the news they had brought ing crowd, caught a decanter from the bar, and, openiDg tiie door of a side room, pushed him in it, and closed the door behind them. ' Look yar 1 Brice ! Stop it ! quit it right thar ! ' he said emphatically, laying his large hand on the yo^pg fellow's shoulder. ' Be a man ! You've shown you are one, green as you are, for you had the sand in you — the clar grit to-night, yet you'd have been a dead man now if I hadn't stopped you ! Man ! you had no show from the beginning ! You've done your level best to save your treasure, and I'm your witness to the Kempany, and proud of it, too ! So shet your head and,' pouring out a glass of whisky, ' swaller that ! ' But Biice waved him aside with burning eyes and dry lips. ' You don't know it all, Bill ! ' he said, with a half-choked voice. ' All what ! ' ' Swear that you'll keep it a secret,' he said feverishly, gripping Bill's arm in turn, ' and I'll tell you.' ' G3 on ! ' ' The coaoh was robbed before that ! ' ' Wot yer say P ' ejaculated BUI. ' The treasure — a packet of greenbacks — had been taken from the box before the gang stopped us! ' ' The h— 11, you say ! ' ' Listen ! When you told ins to hand down the box I had an idea — a d ? d fool one perhaps — of taking that package out and jumping from the coach with it ! I knew they would fire at ma only ; I might got away, but if they killed me, I'd have done only my duty, and nobody else would have got hurt. But when I got to the box I found that the lock had been forced and the money gone ! I managed to snap the lock again before I handed it down. I thought they might discover it at once and chase us, but they didn't.' ?* And then thar wor no greenbacks in the box that they took ? ' gasped Bill with staring eyes. ' No ! ' Bill raised his hand in the air as if in solemn adjuration, and then brought it down oh his knee, doubling up in a fit of uncontrollable but perfectly noiseless laughter. ' 0 Lord ! ' he gasped, ' hoi' me afore I bust right open ! Hush,' he went on, with a jerk of his finger towards the next room, ' not a word o' this to any one ! It's too much to keep, I know, it's nearly killing me ! but we must swaller it all ourselves ! O Jerusalem the Golden ! 0 .Brice ! Think o' that face o' Snapshot Harry 'a as he opened that treasure box 'afore his gang in the brush ! And he allers so keen and so easy and so cock sure ! Created snakes ! I\i go through this every trip for one sight of lim as he just riz up from that box and cussed ! ' He again shook with inward convulsions till his face grew purple, and even the red came back to the younger man's cheek. ' But this don't bring the money back, Bill,' said Brice, gloomily. Yuba Bill took off the glass of whisky at a gulp, wiped his mouth and eyes, smothered a .seer nJ explosion, and then gravely confronted *' \7hc*o do yon thick it was taken, and how ? ' ' It muft hare been taken when I left the coach oe rue road and w.'?* ov^1 to' that settlor's cabin,' said 3-rioe, )??. -??:!;. ' V.m 7. believed every thing .vf.-: sf. fV. s,n '.'. ?' V -.-?? ? r. .ii?c— bolL pcsengeis \--?;..? i.. ':?-? '. ? ???-(- biix, rhat ruav) opho sai. ' Joe nrl. . ; ' jjiu-ulated Bill with his hand to hi? forehead, ?' *)-« r.-v-rt I clear, for^ci N. piok up in the road, and now I reckon they .??iay*!' intended to be picked ivp c-ith ? -r.' ' No doubt a part of the gang,' said Brice with increased bitterness ; ' I see it all now.' ' No ! ' said Bill decisively, ' that ain't Snapshot Harry's style ; he's a clean fighter with no underhand tricks. And I don't believe he threw down that tree either. Look yer, sonny ! ' he added, suddenly laying his hand on Brice's shoulder, ' a hundred to one that that was the work of a couple o' d — d sneaks or traitors in that gang who kem along as passengers. I never took any stock in that coyote who paid extra for hia box seat.' Brice knew that Bill never looked kicdly on any passenger who, by bribing the ticket agent, secured this favourite seat which Bill felt was due to his personal friends and was in his own selection . He only returned gloomily : ' I don't see what difference it makes to us which rabber got the money.' ' Ye don't,' said Bill, raising his head with a sudden twinkle in his eyes, ' then ye don't know Snapshot Harry f Do ye suppose he's goin' to sit down and twiddle his thumbs with that skin game played on him ? No, sir,' he continued with a thoughtful deliberation, drawing his fingers slowly through his long beard, ' he spotted it — and smelt out the whole trick as goon as he opened that box, and that's why he didn't toiler us ! He'll hunt those sneak thieves into h — 11 but what he'll get 'em, and,' he went on still more slowly, ' by thelivin' hokey ! I reckon, sonny, that's jest how ye'll get your chance to chip in ! ' ' I don't understand,' said Brice impatiently. '♦ Well,' said Bill, with more provoking slowness, as if he were communing with himself rather than Brice, ' Harry's mighty proud and high-toned, and to be given away like this has cut down into his heart, you bet. It ain't the money he's thinkin' of, it's this split in tho gang — the loss of his power as boss, you'see— and if he could get hold o' them chaps he'd let the money elide as long ez they didn't get it. So you've got a detective on your side that*s worth the whole police force of Californy 1 Ye never heard anything about Snapshot Harry, did ye ? ' said Bill, carelessly, raising his eyes to Brice's eager face. The young man flushed slightly. ' Very little,' he said. At the same time a vision of the pretty girl in the settler's cabin flashed upon him with a new significance. ' He's more than half white, in some wavs,' said Bill thoughtfully, ''and they say he lives eomewhereabouthereina cabin in the bush with a crippled sister and her darter, who both swear by him. tt mighn' t be hard to find him— at ^ m^*^ Tcr£^ f?***?.— fv*^* *-*» ?f '^ I Brice faced about with determined eye*. ?? J 'i» ' do it,' he said quietly. '* Ye might,' said Bill, still more deliberate f stroking his beard, ' mention my name ef ye ever get to see him.' '- ' Your name,' ejaculated the astonished Brice. ; ' My name,' repeated Bill calmly. ' He I knows it's my bounden duty ter kill him ef I get r the chance, and I know that he'd plug me full c* : holes in a rainit ef thar war a necessity for it. But in these yer affairs, sonny, it seems to be the understood thing by the Kempany that I'm tee keep fiery young squirts like yon, and chuckle headed passecgers like them ' — jerking his thumb towards the other room — ' from gettin' themselves killed by their rashness. So ontil the Kempaay* fill the top o' that coach with men who ain't got any business to do but fightin' other men who ain't got any other business to do hut to fight them — the odds are agin' us ! Harry has always' acted square to me — that's how I know he ain't in this sneak-thief business, and why he didt'fc foller us, suspectin' suthin', and I've always acted square to him. All the same I'd like ter biv seen his face when that box was opened ! Lordy ! ' Here again Bill collapsed in his silent paroxysm of mirth. ' Ye might tell him how I laffed ! ' ' I would hardly do that, Bill,' said tho young man smiling in 6pite of himself. ' Bub you've given me an idea, and I'll work it out.' Bill glanced at the young fellow's kindling : eyes and flushing cheek and nodded. 'Well, rast'.fc I ith that idea later on, sonny. I'll fix you alright in my report to the Kempany, but the rest yor* { must work alone. I've started out the usual ,j j poaae, circus ridin' down the road, after Harry, If He'd be a rough customer to meet just now,'r | continued Bill with a chuckle, ' if thar was thft 1 i ghost of a chance o' them coming up with hine, j for him and hi6 gang is scattered miles away by this.' He paused, tossed eff another glass cf j whifky, wiped his mouth, and saying to Brics | with a wink, ' It's about time to go and comforl: I them thar passengare,'' led the way through the crowded bar room into the stage office. Th-j spectacle of Bill's humorously satisfied face and Brice's bright eyes and heightened colour wai» j singularly effective. The ' inside ' passengers,, | j who had experienced neither the excitement noi' | j the danger of the robbery, yet had been obliged. (.; to listen to the hairbreadth escapes of the otherg, 1 pooh-poohed the whole affair, and even the 5 ' outeides ' themselves were at last convinced I that the robbery was a slight one, with little or no I loss to the company. The clamour subsided ; almost as suddenly as it had risen ; the wiser passengers fashioned their attitude on the j sangfroid of Yaba Bill, and tho whole coach load presently rolled away as complacently as if nothing had happened. (To be continued.) 