SPM^fiPP Ilpp^-x ??-??? -^;^r^^^*.^-^^ COLIN CORDON'S CHRISTMAS |§j|.?:V'V At ftetlme the events topi place which X tvlV '-' ani about to relate Mrs. Sbarp occasionally ; etnployod a respectable woman.named Gor jg;-. don.as a seamstress. Mrs, Gordon was the ?;...'??. wife— probably the widow— of a carpenter, Sft^ . who twelve months previously hid emigra ^f \ ltd to Queensland. Gordon wasa first-sate IfS'J tra,(UMman, and .might have done well in §p ^ Mufipw ':Uhe coulof havs 'cMitirollea his Me'---. . ;*6mi*c. j= Ho had left once place after §?.??':??? i i«i^er fteeauf e 'he *ould not Ret on with ??';.v' ?: the roaster or the foreman, and at last he K2 suddenly determined to try 1iis look in g|l,^ ;;:iiid3r^/.*;Heii'»d jiever been a drunkard, Sfji-. ? :'»p4 *W?»£ »''? «ne child the Gordons had |s';''.-:o»»Sta''U«jlii money--8oougn, he thought, IS; ..- ;;*o'j»* This wife and child until lie could |gv ;- ; 'iend come nore. And if be liked the new ;::0 ; V country, and m a fair prospect of getting lg: oni they were i to Join him in a year. /But jgrOJ; /? ^^^ ,toia» 1** t^etiie vessel ?reaohedUie-3ape,, WS ''-. nothing was known of the fate of Oolin'Oor ?*^ don. The st^er oalto^eitiooali* f - the Cape,-and as there would be a fall £*:, ?::''i-4ayVdaay,;8eyeral of the passengers wen* ?£ L'c ?'??; a*bore, amongst the bomber being Gordon. P: : Noonesawhini leave the ship, but be could not be found when she sailed again. . ?? ? - Mot until the time bad lone pawed in ;'::- which the anxiouely-looked for letter should ?f^ have jsWved did Mrs. Gordon make '?; any inqoiriee, and the shook of hie my*. , terious disappearance made her ill. When ?he reooyoredrhBr little stock of money : ? ' was ties* jy exhausted, and the had to turn : itamuijteii.- iand sometimes ' laundress to maintain fccwelf and Colin, named after his : father,ab?,y of eleven. She soon obtained a good reputation as a Capital hand at ?' making underline)) of the better class, and i- if her dieots had paid her regularly the c ? '? ?? mother and son might have lived in com ? ^ pamtive comfort, for their wants were few. ,, ' But far too many ' of the- ladies for whom ' Mrs. Gordon worked seemed to have no ? idea 'that she was in argent need of the : money/ and she was often kept withont it fora month or even longer after the work had been finished. Ic was the ere of Christmas, and re ' numbering that Mrs. Gordon had lived for a couple of years in England ere she '= married Gordon, my wife asked me if I bad any objection to her going over to the Gordons to eee how they would fare next day. 'I don't fancy she has had much work lately, Sandy,' said Mrs. 'Sharp. ' Go by all means, Mary ; and, if things are as you fancy, ask her to come and spend the day with as to-morrow. We . are not having any other visitors, yoa know,' I replied. ''?Thank yon, Sandy : that is jast what I wanted to ask yon, -but didn't know whether you would care to have the poor things on Christmas Day.' Mrs. Sharp was away much longer than Inspected, more than an hour, though the Gordons only lived about 300 yards away. When she did return, I saw at once that the was excited about something. ' It's a shame and a sin for a woman like Mrs. Milne, the butcher's wife to treat a poor woman like Mrs. Gordon in Bach a fashion. Sandy, could yoa not do some thing to force the woman to pay ? She owes Mis. 'Gordon 328. for making underlinen for herself and Milne, and to-night, when Mrs.' Gordon took the last of the. shirts, Mrs. Milne said she was too busy to bother with paying money then, and that Mrs. Gordon muBt come after the New Year.' ' Don't trouble- Til get the money. A word to Milne will do it' ' It almost set me greeting, Sandy, to hear the laddie ask his mother »if they would have no Christmas dinner this year, such as his mother has always made. But you should have seen their faces brighten up with joy when I asked them to come over and have dinner and tea with ns, Sandy. It did me good to sea how they brightened up.' 'Til go and get that money, anyway,' I said. Ab I had anticipated a hint to Milne him . . Nit was sufficient. His wife was sternly . taken to task for sending Mre.Gordon away without her lawful earnings, and the worthy butcher showed that he was made of far different stuff, ..than his Wife by asking me to take a good-Bized piece oi nice beef to ' the seamstress as a present from him. He And' never in his life before worn Sunday shirts that fitted him so well, and wefe so beautifully made. ' 7 'sly mistress is not a bad sorb of woman Mr. Sharp, bat she is thoughtless, and that . 'leads 'often to cruelty, as I tell her, in such ? oases as this.' Mrs. Gordon was overjoyed when I took 'hWrthe money and the beef, repeating the 'invitation Mary had given. In the land of houses in which the Gor dons occupied a two-roomed house resided an old woman, in one roomj named Mary Anderson. Sbe lived alone, and was 'generally supposed to be ia comfortable circumstances, for she never did any kind of work, and lived well as compared with her neighbours. Booh after Mrs. Gordon and her boy had finished breakfast on Christmas morning their curioeity was aroused by the noise of hurrying feet in the passage, and before Mrs. Gordon couM rise from the table the door was unceremoniously opened, and the voice of a neighbour exclaimed— ' Ob, Mre. Gordon, what an awful busi ness. Mrs. Anderson has hangit herself ? . Come and have a look at her.' But Mrs. Gordon declined, saying she had so curiosity to see such a sight. If ?he be of service she would go readily. The tragedy naturally created much ex. ? oitement among the numerous tenants of the land. A rigid search vf her room and all the drawers failed to discover any money or other property of value, and the opinion' gradually gained ground that robbery, . preceded by murder, had been committed. -But: when the procurator-fiscal inquired .' into the affair, there was no evidence forth \- coining, to corroborate the new theory. There was no proof that the deceased woman had any means, and the position of the body when discovered favoured the ? ?? idea that it was a case of suicide.. When ..found by a neighbour who bad suspected ?that oomeibing woa wrong because Mre. ?^^i^ea^y,LiW.^«y?;W^rs,^w^y was lying tmtbe floor, the bead resting on a Bhalloir box, ? thick: cord, like a cldthei line, .twisted iwioa round her neok. The doctor first * summoned saw nothing in the situation of the body: Inconsistent with suicide, and the fiscal *eemed din posed to aooept that, opinion. But the polios detective whoaooompapied the fiscal, »nd with whom I had been specially friendly ere Xleftthe^orfie-o start butineM as private' detective, was anything but satisfied with the fiwai's acceptance of the suicide theory ; and though he made no formal protest, he determined to sift the a&air; and prore it to bo a case of mnrder. Our Ohristrnas dinner Was rather later than usual, and we were jnst finishing when Tom Tosh, my detective friend, called ob me to give his views respecting the tragedy, and possibly to elicibimine. * t toolt Tosh into the parlour, and thus he did not meet Mrs. Cordon. Had he done so, I should in all . probability never have obtained the material for this story. I listened 'fn silence to his version of the affair, but in the absence of any evidence that the deceased woman .had any money, or other portable property, I declined to accept his ideas. Tosh seemed a bit huffed at my non acceptance of his theory, and did not stay lone. On the following morning Mrs. Gordon was obliged to send Colin to borrow a clothes line, part of her, own having mys teriously disappeared Binoe sbe last jued it. Colin was questioned on the subject, but he declared that he had not meddled with the: line. It stretched from the window* of her looms, which were on the second storey,, and was a doable one, worked with s pulley, ingeniously made and pat up by Gordon before he emigrated. . ' You knew I wouldn't meddle with-the line, mother : where did yon leave it when you took it in on 'Tuesday night ! ' said Colin. 'Hanging on that peg in the corner, and I noticed when we came home from Milne'i on Christmas five that the line was on the floor. It is very strange.' While she was fixing the borrowed line on the pulley, Tosh, the detective, walked op, saying— ' Grand day for drying, Mrs. Gordon. I'm told yon have lost a good pieoe of your clothes-line ! ' ' Yes, and how it went bothers me,' she replied, wondering who the man was and what be wanted. ?' Don't you think that this is the pieoe you lost t ' thewing her a length of rope he had taken from bio pocket. ' I am sure it is. If you notice it, there are four strands in the rope, the usual number being three. Where , did you get it'' V'- The detective was on the point of telling her that it was the cord found round the neck of Mrs. Anderson, but the manner of Mrs.' Gordon was so free from anything leading him to suspect that she had any connection with the tragedy that he de cided to wait for further evidence of ber guilt.'if indeed a woman with a counten ance like that of Mrs. Gordon could be guilty of such a horrid murder. On the ensuing Monday morning Colin Gordon started employment as errand boy at a provision nhop in ,Argyle-street, and when he came home in the evening the boy brought with him some bacon and oheese, which he said he had bought with pence given to him during the day by customers whose goods be had taken to their homes. But a few minutes afterwards Mrs. Gordon was startled by the sudden re appearance of the man who had questioned her about the mining piece of clothes line. ' I have come on a disagreeable errand, Mrs. Gordon. I have a warrant from a magistrate to search yonr house ; your boy is to be arrested for passing a gilded shilling as a sovereign.' 'What! My Colin pass a bad sovereign t Where could he get such a thing J I will not believe he could do it.' 'I must search the bouse, Mrs.. Gor- don. Come in, Gellatly.' A constable walked in, and bade Colin sit down, while the detective proceeded to search the house. In the bedroom, and beside the shakedown bed on the floor on which Colin slept, was a cupboard-like re ceptacle, utilised by the boy as a repository for his toys and other possessions, and in an old bootiat the bottom of this cupboard the detective found between 16s, and 17s. in silver and coppers. ' I am very sorry, Mrs. Gordon, but it is my duty to take you into custody on the charge of murdering Mrs. Anderson. I must caution you that anything you may say will be produced in evidence against yon at the Court.' ' Accuse me of murdering the poor old woman ? God knows I am innocent, and I will trust him not to allow me to puffer. I defy you to prove that I bad aught to do with the crime.' Detective Tosh regarded 'the circum stantial evidence against bar as overwhelm ing, and yet he somehow doubted her guilt ; she was so calm and firm. Next morning the mother and son were brought up at the Police-court, having bad no communication with each other since their arrest, and as I listened to the evi dence against them I perceived it was strong enough to cause their remittaL It transpired that a niece of Mrs. Ander son, ueeltig in the papers an account of her aunt's tragic death came from Ardrossan to Glasgow, and made known to the police certain information which led them to think with Detective Tosh that murder, and not 'uicide, was the true nature of the ctime which had been committed. The niece stated that the aunt had a. earn of money in her possession amounting to at lease £60, and that in a leather purse she always kept a gildBd shilling with a lion on it, which her husband had given ber in their courting days. The police attaobed great importance to this intimation, and their confidence that it would probably lead to the eluoidation of the mysterious crime was soon justified. A grocer came to the Police-office to complain that his ap prentice had taken as a sovereign a gilded shilling from a boy, whose appearance he described. This description was sufficiently olose to enable the police to fix , upon Colin Gordon ; hence the search warrant and the arrests. I When this part of the evidence was given Mrs. Gordon turned to her weeping I son, and in a calm voice Baid— ' Speak the truth, laddie. Did you change that gilded shilling ? ' '? Yen, mother. I picked it up in the street, near to our house, when we were .eoingtoMr. Sharp's on Christmas morn* iotl.' the most rigid -eeateh and inre»t4gatlon had failed to discover that Mrs. Gordon had spent any money since the death of Mrs. Andertpn beyond : the 13*. I bad -got for her from Mr. MUne th« butcher. But the certainty that the oord found around the neok of Mrs. Anderson had belonged to the accused woman «o greatly strengthened the suspicions against the mother and son that the masristratea romitted them to prison for a week for the production of lurBier*vtd«iipk -Y. ': y : :;-; ?'V:viJ- But I fully determined that Tom Toefc should not have things all his own way. 1 also would seek for further evidence, hot such as would, I hoped, exonerate the Gor donB from all OOinplioity In the inurder, if such it was. - ' At the end of the week of remand do such further evidence either for or against wasjf orthcoming,- and the mother and ion were sent for trial. ... Hitherto Tosh bad kept in the back ground, bat when Mrs. Gordon, and Colin were brought before the Sheriff to emit a declaration Tosh's name was mentioned. A few minutes afterwards, and before they were removed to jail, Mrs. Gordon asked to see the detective. He consulted the chief, and was instructed to accede toibe wish of the accused woman. Accordingly, she was takes to a Drivate room, where the detective was waiting for her. ' You have expressed a wish to see me, I understand,' Mrs. Gordon, and have you any communication to make t ' 'Mr. Tosh -Tom- did we never meet before!' He started more violently than she had done in the Court, and looking her intently in the face, the light of recognition changed his stern expression into one of wonder, regret, and then horror. ' Helen Bamsay 1 No, no ; it cannot be,' and the detective sank into a chair with a groan. 'Yea, Tom, I am Helen, and if I am found guilty of this horrible crime, of which I know no more than you, it will have been you, the old friend of my childhood, the lover of my girlhood who will have murdered me.' '? Helen, tell me, in ihe sight of heaven, are you really innocent of the murder 7 I will believe you if you say so.' ' Before God, Tom, I am entirely inno cent. And if the law finds me guilty I shall go before a Judge who cannot err, with confidence that He will acquit me. Do you believe me, Tom ! ' 'I do, Helen; God knows 1 do. But what can 1 do now to prove it 1 I must do something or I shall go mad. Oh, Helen, when we parted in Kilbarohan I little thought that our next meeting would be such a melancholy one. Did you know me when I came to your bouse first ? ' ' No, Tom. Fifteen years have altered you more than me.' ' Are you a widow, Helen ?' ' I don't know for certain. My husband sailed for Australia more than a year since, and I have not heard from him. He left the steamer at tbe Cape, and did not return to it before it sailed. Sometimes I think he must be dead, and then I am again hope ml,' ' And I have never married, Helen. I could not care for another woman. Take courage, my dear old sweetheart! ; I feel sure God will not allow you to eufier for a crime you did not commit. I have been working against you : now I wit! move heaven and earth to prove your innocence Good-bye for tbe present.' ' Good- bye, Tom : I will tru9t you.' At first, as he told me, he was tempted to give some evasive reply to bis chief when aeked what the accused woman wanted with him, but such a course would binder his renewed investigations, and, to tbe great astonishment of the detective inspector, he declared his belief in the woman's inno cence of the crime and his determination to bring the real murderer to justice. ' You knew the woman Gordon before this happened, Tosh ? ' ' Yes ; she was my first sweetheart, and I have cherished ber memory so much as to keep me a bachelor. Care and grief, helped by want and suffering, I suspect, have transformed tbe bonniest lassie in Renfrewshire into what you now eee, but to me, think me a fool if you like for say ing so, sbe is still the one woman in all the world.' ' ? ' Kay, Tom, I have known you long enough to feel certain that you must have good ground for believing her innocent. Has she told you anything ? ' 'She has assured me before God that she is perfectly innocent, and I am satis fied. Don't ask me to go an with the in quiries in the case, for I cannot do it, I shall take up her case now.' 'Very well, Tosh, I will relieve you. Suppose you take a month's leave and join forces with Sandy Sharp, who is also con vinced of tbe innocence of Mrs. Gordon and her boy.' ' Thank you, sir, I will do that.' Bat the discovery Tom had made seemed to completely unnerve him. He came to me, and begged me to take op tbe case for him, entreating me to put forth all my powers to unravel the mystery of tbe murder. And never did I enter into a case with wa. in :r zeal, or a stronger determination to reucli the goal at which I aimed. I had my hair cut close, and procured a dark wig and beard. Then in the attire of a shabby foreigner, and with a bag of sponges on my arm, I went and rented the rooms vacated by Mrs. Gordon and her boy. I bad decided that the murderer must have been someone familiar with the premises, with the habits of the deceased woman, and with the movements of the Gordons. Cautious inquiiies resulted in the certainty that none of the tenants of the numerous houses in the big ' pile of dwellings had left since the murder, and I began to study them. But for several days my efforts to obtain any clue seemed as though they would be fruitless. I was entering the common stair at a late hour on a Saturday evening when a woman passed me. ' ' Norah Morrissey, the rag sorter } Where can she be going at sucb a late hour! A fine-built young woman, big enough to— yes, she is : big enough to hive ' lifted tbe body of Mrs. Anderson from the bed to the corner where it was found.' - 1 followed her cautiously, a task of some difficulty, for Bbe seemed to wish to avoid being recognised. At the junction of New ?' City-road with Western road she stopped, and was presently joined by a soldier, to whom she handed something. ' You're a biick, Noiob my jewel 1 Come down to die Biooinielaw at two to-morrow, ? lid the soldier^ At A e hour namedjoewafteinoonlwas sauntering along the brbomielaw, v and tomw^^'B^a^;Mwj§wt^a%iai; board tho «teanter. th«y «at down on a seat on the deck, *nd I joined them, soun, to all appearance, falling asleep. ;?-/ -.,.?..?.''; J-; ^Havi «^4r «»ita^fjai*ri lor jwut, .disdhittg*^'' Patsyj *' '$ik*A \ the : -rag; «orte%r.^',^^''^ ?:. --'??*?;-?-,--; ??''?:??; ---3 ?t'- Not ?3p#ftI^rahi^ whpf^ftjse ct doing that till I'm ,»ure, of «-* money to buy mvsolf put with r'repliea the soldier, 'Haven'tl tola yoophjln enough tbat rv* got the inoney ! But you're to mwry m* first, and then the money is yours.' ' ' ' Let me see it. -I'll not believe yon nave it till you show it tonie.' ? : . ., !-' : 'Couldn't trust you, Patsy dear : yoa might snatch it away from me and then' swear it wax your own. Oh, no ; |o* t take me to church, and, then the money will oome.' '* I'll see you hanjffcd iTst' What was therein the expression of the soldier to have such a startling effeot upou the woman}. ' Holy Mother, 1 What is the matter with you, Norah, dear? You look as if you had seen a ghost' 'A touch o' the heartburn, Patsy- that is all.' ? ' Another strand of the rope that is to hang that woman I ' I said to myself. The soldier was evidently huffed, and without a word to the woman, he left the steamer at Particle. She followed, and to my intense chagrin, they (hut escaped me for the time, for I dare not go with them.' Satisfied that I was on the right track, in the morning I went out to Maryhill in my own proper person, and made some in quiries anent the soldier sweetheart of Norah Morrissey. I was not greatly sur prised to learn that he was a married man, who was making a cat's-paw of Norah for his own selfish ends. His wife, I was told, lived in a one-roomed house in Maryhill. When Norah returned from her work in the evening«fe»i-gund a letter witting her. which I had written, telling her that. tatey Callagban was a married man, and that bis wife' lived at No. 3. second stair, 26, Rowan- street, Maryhill. The letter had no signature, but. it **- efficacious in produc ing the result I hoped. Accompanied by Tom Tosh and a constable in plain clothes, I went out to Maryhill, and we awaited the coming of the Irishwoman. Soou after seven we saw her enter the stair, and a minute afterwards Tosh followed quietly, remaining at .the head of tbe second stair. Presently the excited voice of a woman was heard. ' I don't believe you have the money j yoa hare been only trying to make a fool of my Patsy, but be was too eharp for you. And if you have the £30 you stole itoS the onld woman, Mrs. Anderson, after you had strangled her. I would rather my husband was in the service for twenty years rather than have him bought out by blood-money, so there.' The effect of this boldly-expressed accusa tion was startling. Norah turned pale, eeled, and would have- fallen down the stair but for TanaJTsah^ho Jwd crept up the stair. *\fy-' -\ \ 'I am a police-officer. jand shall take you into custody, Norah Morrissey, on sus picion of having murdered Mary Anderson.' ' It is God's judgment I did it,' and strong-minded as the big Irishwoman was, she fainted. But she soon recovered, and s cab being procured, we conveyed our prisoner to the Central, Tom Tosh electrifying his chief by the story he had to telL A search of Norah's room resulted in the stolen money being found and, what was far more impor tant, a dark blue 1 eat Her parse which the niece of the murdered woman bad given to her as a New Year's gift. Some of the notes stolen had on the back the name of tbe factor who managed the little property Mrs. Anderson possessed, and had been paid to her by him a few weeks before the murder. The evidence against Norah Morrissey was i hus quite sufficient for st remand. In tbe meantime application for bail was made to the Sheriff on behalf of Mrs. Gor don and her son, and it was granted. Tom Tosh being the bearer to his old sweetheart of the good newt. ' Where is the boy 1 ' asked Tom when Mrs. Gordon was brought alone to tbe visiting room. ' Why have Colin here T It only adds to his grief every lime he.ia allowed to see me.' ' You will be at liberty in five minutes, Helen,' said the detective, with a tremor in his voice that told ber how keenly he felc the stigma that had been cast upon her. ' Oh, Tom ! Then you have discovered my innocence t ' ' No. Sandy Sharp has done it alL It was Norah Morrissey committed the murder.' ' I knew there was such a woman in the land, but I never spoke to her. Here is Colin.' ' We are going home again, my laddie. And oh, if ever you find anything again in tbe streets do not hide it from me.' Norah Morrissey was sent for trial and found guilty. ? Mrs. Gordon and ber son were then formally placed . in the dock, tbe judge instructing tbe jury to return a vordict of not guilty. Be fore announcing their discharge, the judge gave Colin a severe lecture upon, his wickedness in having concealed from his mother the finding of the gilded shilling, But both judge and court were astonished when the boy said, the tears rolling down his cheeks as he spoke— ' My lord, db you know what it is to be hungry t Have you ever sat for a whole day in winter without fire or food ? If not you cannot tell wbat I felt when I thought [ had found a sovereign, enough to keep hunger and cold away from us for a week or two. That is all I have to say.' 'How old is that boy 1' asked the judge. ' I am thirteen, my lord.' ' Then 1 must confess that his little speech does credit to his head and heart, and I shall be pleased if his mother will allow me to find an opening for him where his undoubted talents may be cultivated.' Tom Tosh was a comparatively happy man when bo took tea with the Gordons that afternoon. He was not without hopes that Mrs. Gordon would at last believe in ber husband's death, and marry her first lover— himself ; but be wisely refrained from broaching the subject for the time. Before ber execution Norah Morrissey made a fall confession of her guilt, and sbe met her doom with a firmness seldom shown by a woman. When another year had elapsed, bring ing no tidings of her husband, Mrs, Gordon became Mrs. Tosh, and my wife andT the happy bride soon became fast friends. 