..; ?7-J?jr.i-,'5-,^.: ..= .;...'?? . -^' , — ; — ; ?'?..-.? ?wsi^ite ^'feaiU^^ :- *,'*»»** H6«dl«,^ * 'A. Iklr jTeTrea,' 'lie SoMen TMi» ' '? ?'-? , .; ';'''?:.. '. ' . ' ? . oo.M.aiflfl5c. ? OmriER .X-—(awiimud.) It*ra», during one of his later visit* to .'Hwi» t)i»t « he. mat, the young Udy Who ti»»ini~hi«. second vile; . The passiona and tanlnwtiiwu. ot men are mattem of iiDjralse \- -nd-JwijiHhinpe, : and though they may be ?MrtWetU they .cannot be destroyed. The ?MHMfe Bm*cd? Maubray saw OabrieUe a IITIBiJrmlil mf liiiii i'iiiiIi null in hisiieart. and JwtaH»**u»6mpwu-d:«iuiwhea he went Miate^pnataoe.'. She was T«»y little older HMKkUa 'dtngttepr Valerie, and it : might fcMM* bami *6btight' that the dispttfly kn tbterr1 »ge» 'would have held Mm (stater- Bat- strong-minded aa he was, ?*^ -charm had JiUen' ftod he cotdA ?ofereiBHitr If ? oooasjonaUy the doubt in fa-odea* itself thijttlie union of a laSy with a man 61d,enough, to boiietfuUier waa unwise, it vat Instantly distniBaed. Id the lives of most men there are ovorwhelmiuR tides which cany them onward despite themidves. Tbitt Barnard- Haubray. 'loved Oabrielle passionately in no way lessened his lore for Valsrte; it helped, indeed, to strengthen it, truwftwifli .at it open»d tie door to a closer and' more constant companionship with his itardiild. It would also impart new sweet ness to Gabriells's onion with him, for. she would lave a companion of her own age alnys by hat' aide. He enoosraged every azguiaan* favourable to the consummation «f Ml anlBiit wahflt, and Aiwniwwn' ovary argu ntent which hade him ' reflect before he -took ?he final step. Ban iMre peonliar droumstanoes which linrrM him an. Gabrielle's father was so Miliifti i- in pecuniary difficultiea that rnin MareShfan in the faoe. Not only rain bat atUaaat; for in his frantic efforts to release himseM from disaster ho had in an incautions moment stepped aside from the path, of rectitude. Exposure meant dishonour, dis honour meant death. When Bernard Maubray appeared upon the scene all this was known taftJWbrldle, in whom her father, weak and ^?Ibntif purpose, had confided, and her soul yas filled1 with horror at the . threatened tragedy, Bernard Haubray was th» one man who could »Tert this tragedy, who could pmmrvb her father's honour, and in a moment of despair »he consented to lie his wife. No shadow-of thia despair was visible to Haubray; He loved, and was blind. The sadness pf herfaoe was«eeounted for by the eloudwhkh hung over ier father1* hononred name, the- cloud ' wbioh - it was . his ? good farkta'to remove. To this cause, also, he attributed her wandering ghtnoee and the mmous cbuping of her -bands when he pressed Himrit In a certain sense her-*adnee» im patted'ia spiritual element to her beauty, and, glten that her heart was at teat, all else was well. . Bat her heart WM-aot at rest. She con sented to marry Bernard- Maubray, but she did aoi tow him. Hadaho made Au clear to tint he would have instantly released her, bat ah»-,kept her aeoret ok«h-«ie«aoret which «oly onMnn ooold have inspected, and that ?MM' -BB-of the base uie- turps o£tiie«arth whose oareorwaastrown with perjured vows and brighhBdtopee, with «hsme and despair, and ?onetimes death. Evea-as it was she would not hare aooepted Bernard Maubray had she not had-a firm-oonviottpg Jhat ier-laf» were ? trarnbewdfoSHafl'sto'wouldBoon go down -o -the grave with hoc woretunrevealed. By her abt she released her father from impend ing dishonour ; by nature'* decree ehe would be saved from a woman's deepest shame. So they were roamed in Paris, and in tie ehnrch in which the ?oeremony took plane lnrked the viUain who had betrayed her. He kapMoiar faaok in the gloom : of . nnillomined. pflSaw^hat he-did not see the faces of bride svndfbridegrsom^ heheard the eound of mnr muTinfr-vewe*v and, the oeremony over, he alBmk.away, twirling his Mephistophelian \- moustache with-an airof satisfaction. It was ? ?n-obitaole removed, and he was contented. ?* By iny faith,' he murmured, with aemile, ' 'I have' had. my. pastime, and Gabrielle is settled in life, farewell, my eweet Gabrielle.' But if tt contributed to his satisfaction to think that the consequences of 'his. base aot were for ever removed, and that, they would play 4» -part in his future,' he oould hare paid nojeganL to that draadifate whioh weaves Mb tbasfda in «Ueneeratid darkness, andover tana*..the grandest as well as the meanest of mortal «ahemee at the moment of fruition. 'SWfeuiH ouroaetles and dream our dreams, heedless of the unBeen shadow which waits upon our actions, and lo ! when the edifice is crowned and the dream is dreamed, a thunder cloud bursts and lays waste the work of the ' best years of our life. Back in his honse, with his bride and his daughter by his side, Bernard Haubray sent forth a work which set the seal upon his renown as one of the world's great painters: Three of his happiest months went by, and then the clouds, became overcast. Gabrielle ?earned to be pining away. Always -quiet ?nd reserved, she grew even fonder of suenoe and solitude. With love's solicitude be obsecrad bow thin and white she was, bow the least sound struok terror to her boart, how when -she was in thought and he spoke to her she started us though to ward.off a blow. He questioned Valerie privately. Had Gabrielle complained!1 'No, ' answered Valerie, 'she never complains.' 'But she /suffers?' ' Yes, she Buffers.' ' Have you tried to ascertain the cause?' 'Tea, but «he insists that she is quite well.' 'Is the 'house- too quiet for her. Doetsbo wish for-eompanyP' ' No, she dreads it.' And Valerie drew his attention to the oiroumstanees that when, visitors came, or strangers wars announced, her one desire was to avoid them. Indeed, at this time, unknown to the father and daughter, Qabrielle was attempting flight to some spot where shn was unknown, and where -she could remain hidden from the sight , ?f all who knew her. Ho questioned Grabrielle also, and was distressed by the nervousness and fear she exhibited when they were alone together. ' Do I frighten you, Grabriollef ho asked tenderly. 'No, no,' she replied, 'wby*hmil3 I be frightened when you upeuk tome?' Bui even as she answered the shrunk from him and could not look him in the faoe. ' '?'Ifyon have any grief, bonflde in- me.' ? ' Yes, I wiy T was . never strong, you . know.' 'We will in— «. you strong, V he*soid, attiring to speak cheerfully. ?' You are very good to me — too good, too good!' She waaon the verge ot tears, and he fore- ? bore to question hor farther.- All that love could do was done— without avail. Her peace of mind seemed to be destroyed. Bernard .Manbray's inost intimate friend ' wsb Dr. Weber, a physician of great skill and experience, and from this friend he sought advioe. Dr. Weber accompanied the artist home, jud ga.ve a gentle hint to - Gabrielle of the objeot of his onexpeeted.visit. 'My husband is mistaken,' she said, but ?till with that etxange air of fear about her. «* em quite welL It is onlyalitUe weslc. ?esv-AaturiU. pass off. lam Rlad to aee ... yom, Dr. Weber,- «s«i friend. I do not re ..;#;, iaire»rfioal»dvioe,' Bravely as Ae spoke she couta not oom rnand her voioe ; her eyes filled with tears. Tears came eatiiy ?now. ''Will, well, madame,*' said Dr. Weber, ' behoU ma *8 a friend, not a physician^' During the ensuing fortnight - he paid several limU to Crow's Nest, and making quiet observanee of Gabrielle ? arrived ' at a conclusion. ' 8bo must have change of air and change of scene,' he said to Maubray. ' Of tie two I believe the'latter is the more important. She has something on her mind over which she is brooding, and the quiet routine of her life may be injurious. Map out a three months' tonr, and do not stop three days in ope place. Take her to theatres where light pieces and Ught music are being played. A little frivolity will do no harm.' When the project was unfolded to Gabrielle she assented to it gladly, even eagerly. It was as if a weight were lifted from, her bouI— from Maubray 'a also. His heart grow light at the relief expressed in her oountenanoe. He showed her the nlao-of the lour he had mapped out, and spoke of the pleasure in store for them. ' We will start to-morrow,' he said, 'We!' she. cried, and the light died out of her faoe. ' You, I, and Valario,' he said, wondering at this change in her. ' No, no, Bhe exclaimed hysterically. 'I must go alone — alone.' 'My dearesM^abrielle ? ' But ebe would not listen. With a soared look around, panting and weeping, she cried again, 'I must go alone— alone.' So great was the violence of her passion that be ceased to expostulate with her. He would not, however, oonsent to her going without a oompanion, and after much urging and pleading a compromise was agreed upon, Valerie was to accompany her, and Itaubray was to remain at home. As, in aceordanoe with Dr. Weber's advice, the ladies were to stop no longer than three days in one place, it was arranged that Maubray should address his letters to the potit rcttanU in the next town or city to which they were bound. 'Yon will write regularly,' he said to Gabrielle. 'Don't e«-'i me to promise,' she. said; 'The moment I sit down to write a letter my head begins to acho.' . But Valerie promised to write two or three 1 mes a week, and with that he was fain to be content. So the adieux were spoken, and they rode away, Valerie in her letters spoke more of Gabrielle than of herself. Now the invalid was a little better, now ehe was not quite so well, now she said she was feeling a little stronger Tune and time again did Maubray express his earnest desire to join them, if only for « week or a few days, but Gabrielle would not hear of it, and somewhat to Jiis surprise he was dissuaded also by Valnrie, who before their departure was very anxious that he should accompany them. Condemned to seclusion he took mental refuge in ' work, and -spent most of his time in the Ruined Tower, where he painted from memory a marvellous portrait of his wife, absence from -whom intensified the love 'he bWfor her; He wrote long letters to the absent ones, and to Gabrielle he poured forth his soul, writing as a young man might have done under the influence of the first divine dream of love. If sometimes in Valerie's letters there was a forced gaiety, he did not detect it, having an eye only to the brighter issues of this enforced separation from those he held most dear. Thus month after month went by until four had passed, and then the thunderbolt fell. One morning, without any intimation that he was coming, Dr. Weber ascended the steps of the Ruined To-er. and stood in the presence of his friend CHAPTER XL % Bernard Maubray was putting the finish ing tonohes to the portrait of his wife, upon which until this day no eye had fallen but his own. With mingled admiration and distress Dr. Weber -gased upon the beautiful work. 'It lives, Weber,' cried the artist en thusiastically; 'it almost breathes. What sajryouf'' 'It is wonderful!' replied Dr. Weber, oppressed by the mournful news he was intrusted to communicate. The ? sad note in the doctor's voioe drew Manbray's attention to him ; but he turned the next moment to the engrossing creation of his loving fancy. 'I did not wish you to see it,' he con tinued, ' until it was completed. It has been ray principal occupation these last two mouths, and even now lam scarcely Batisfisd ; it is hardly worthy of the original, but who could hope to fix upon canvas a face and form so perfect ? It is my gift to her upon her return , when she looks upon it Bbe will know that she has lived in my heart. Valerie's letters lead me to expect that I shall not hare long to wait for our happy reunion.' ' I have heard from her,' said Dr. Weber. 'Prom GsbrielleP' 'No, from Valerie.' Again the sadness of his voine attracted the notice of the artist, and now ho gazed upon his friend more attentively. ' ' I am guilty of great selfishness, ' he said, laying his- hand kindly upon his friend's shoulder. 'It is the curse of our nature. Forgive my apparent indifference. You are in trouble.' 'Yes,Iamiu trouble ; but not alone for myself, MBubr&y.; There are sorrows which affeut us deeply through sympathy with those we love.' Miubray's faoe grew pale as he laid aside bis palette and brushes. .. r 'You have received a letter from Valerie, Does this norrow touch me?' ' It.touches you, dear friend.' ' Valerie . is ill,' cried Maubray. 'Th'ofi I must Jro to hor. I was too weak and. irresolute ; they should not have gone without me. I must go to them at once — ut once I' ' ,' Valerie is .well,1.1 said Dr. Weber, and his. voice grew more^grave. 'Good God 1 It 4s Gahrielle! Tell me quickly^-quickly-! Why did not Valerie write to me P Speak, roan, speak ! There is something; in ypurface ? ' ? ' Summon all your fortitude, dear friend. V«lerw'4id -not 'write to! you direct bocauBO she*feaved*he shook/' 'The shook!' exclaimed Maubray, a vague terror stealing upon him. _ 'She Is on 'her way 'homo; she will soon be here.' 'With Gabrielle — oh, thank God ! Gsbriolle is ill, but we will nurse her into health. My care, your skill—' His agitation overpowered him, and he oould not proceed. 'Valerie comes alone,' said Dr. Webec, solemnly. 'Alone!' ' Dear friend, there are griefs which need all onr strength to bear. They come to all men; it is the humau lot. But in the midst wflLhelp*) Mfbm evsa 4hi- tttten* -irroks. ofd«ti»y; Th«aerM«f .MrMratini ; falifc ransiM* ,aridgXm»,;tiia*aal«v wiUmrUgato our sufierings.' . ' ...-..- .'-. '?GabrieUeisdead!'.ia»*,Ka»l«»y'*a* muffled tm-ya*d tamed bis faoe4otii*-*a& ' ?'Ala*!.'.' ? ......' . ? ??'?:?? ?: ??? ? . In thstone word the —r'-f'r .ruf'tiiilr ? made, . ?'; - .-..-.? .,- -.'. '. -r:'vt:' v':c-i .?.?.-.?-?; For jnanv mhiures neiUiar «pofc* ; tten D* , Weber iaia,: , ' -::' '-?:??; ?'?'.;?.- ?.;..;?-;=,:; 'Valerie asked me to W«Alhej«ad M«Mj' she enolosed ?JorteYot1»n.i' ^T '^ - * ; 'ljeave me, W«betj* «id ih» het^aved man. ?(TJonotei^lMnnMbcirtt.- flhi ir^one! iCkwe^' ?'- - -??'. ? ?'?? ?' ? ;1 '?? . V He«adkint» «eh»ir(*od-»Te»a.hU*wie withhishands. A blaokde»UiHbafeIInpea biro; joy died out of th» world -.nothmgVnt pain and sorrows i-emabwd.i Tb*' iroAee of Gabrielle presented itseM.io him, Ja haftart saw her in Paris irhm love tooahed his heart j as he last saw her when she departed with Valerie. Had he but fenown-4a4 hebut known ! The . image slowly faded, and $ar wona was aeao. ue oiu not wpep ; toe plow was too crushing for the relief of tears. Dr. Weber placed Valerie's letter on the table, and eoftly kft the room. It was a full hour before lie stirred from bis revnmbeot attitDde, and when he raised his head his -eyes Tested npon the portrait ef Oflbrielle. He had depicted her with a snO* upon her face, and her lips seemed to b« opening in the act of speakmg. Was it possible that this dumb canvai snonld liv« and she be dead I No, it was not posaibl* } some deceit had been practised upon 'him. But Valerie's Jetter dispelled this delusion ; the words swam in his sight, but re&chedhis; sense. ' Bhe died in peace. Dear father, be oomforted.' A smile, bitter in its rebellion against the inevitable, came from his Hps. ' Be oomforted !' What eonja comfort a man living in a dead world! This was a great tragedy in Bemaid Han bray's life, but in the heart of tbjs tmgedy was a secret, mercifully hidden from him by Valerie, the tuowledge «f which watdd hare overwhehned him with a deeper despair and*, deathless horror; a secret which would hava shaken to its foundations his belief in human and Divine goodness. Mercifully spared- in deed, though his anguish was sufficiently poignant without that bitter knowledge which lay hidden in his daughter's breast. So overwhelming was the desolation of his soul that the presence of his dear child brought no comfort ; that the presence of Madame Hart maun, who came from Paris to oonsob him, brought no oomfort ; that seeing them day by' day, with the consciousness ? that they wen watching his misery with sympethstio eves, animated only with the loving desire to fin J a way to mitigate it, was an added torture to him. t ' What can we do for you, dear Bernard t' said Bladame Hartmann. 'Leave me to myself,' he replied, ' Nothing will help me but solitude. I must be alone to wrestle with my grief.' . Bo it fell out— for thedr pleadings were useless— that Valerie was once more banished from bis home, and returned to Paris with her aunt. ' Yon ate not angry with me, father f' she naked him on the day cf her departure. ' Angry with you, my child ? No— no I' * ' You .will send for me ! You will let me ' come borne again 1' ' When I am at peace, Valeric, when I suffer less, I will send for yon.' Ah, the pity in her face— the tender oom passion with which she embraced the father she loved and honoured ! Was it treachery that she should keep her secret close, the secret that brought hot blushes to her cheek*, hot tears to her eyes, in the solemn watches of the night F No, it was the truest mercy. It lay in its grave at peace, but no grave no deep as to help her to forget. To the last hour of her life its memory would remaiu. For two years Bernard Maubray kept him' self secluded in Crow's Nest, admitting no friend or *u-quainta-nce with the single ex ception of Dr. Weber, and heeame uninvited. Upon the first occasion, indeed, Dr. Weber forced himself upon his friend, alarmed by the reports which reached him of the state of Maubray's health. , 'It is useless to expostulate,' said «te doctor; 'I am hers, end 'here I intend to remain. Fiien'le are scarce, and I do not intend to lose mine if my poor stall can save him:'- You are not over-pleased to see me. Very jfood— or rather, verj bad. Neither am I over- pleased to Bee you in the state you are. My dear Manbray — my dear Maubray ! ' The uuderlving affection in this little speech brought a faint responsive smile to Maubray's lips. ' I am glad to see you, Weber,' he eaid. ' Forgive the coldness of my welcome.' ' I will forgive everything when I see th» Maubray of old before me. Not tbis Maubray that I tee now — why, my dear friend, yo« are like a ghost ! Now let us be practical. What is the matter with you ?' ' I cannot sleep.' 1 ' For how long has this been bo V 'Many months.' ' I am going to examine you. No protests I I know my business, and you know yours. No denying that ; and no denying either that to waste a talent — a God-given talent — is a heinous sin. How many pictures have yon paintud this last year?' 'Not one.' 'Then you have long arrears to pull up. You shall paint my portrait, so that a fitting presentment of myself may go down to an ungrateful posterity.' ' I cannot do it.' 'You shall do it. It is the only favour I have ever asked of you, and I will not be denied. I will give you the first sitting to-morrow. Remember, iBmyourphysjoian.' ' I oannot put brush to canvas till I get some sleep.' 'I will ensure you sleep; the lonely life you are leading is sufficient to destroy your nerves and your brain.'' When did you hear from Valerie last?' 'Yesterday.' ' Is she well P' 'Bhe says so.' ' When did you write to her last?' ' A fortnight ago.' There was reproach in the (danoe Dr. Weber cast upon Maubray, and lie felt it. Life was bop-inning lo stir witbiu him ; the friendly invpcriuiuness, the healthy boister ousnuss of tho doctor were telling upon the naturally healthy orgauisuuon of the artist. ' It is not like you, Maubray, to neglect so sweet a girl as Valerie — your only child, who loves you devotedly.' ' Do I neglect her?' ' Would you ask thai question a second time, Maubray f' ' No. You are right in much that you say, in much that you imply. But you see, I am worn out. The ourse of sleeplessness un» balances me.' Although Dr. Weber did not approve of opiates, he recognised the necessity of them in this case. But he found that ordinary remedies were powerless to produce the need ful repose, and he was compelled to have recourse to a deadly drug of his own prc parirt^, which had tho desired effect. In a few days Maubray's eye wtw brighter, his Hkin wns regaining its natural oolour. The drug Dr. Weber administered- was a dissolv able powder, and one of its virtues was that it was tasteless and colourless,- and' that it imparted no flavour to the liquid in which it was dissolved'. Thus a person taking it unaware would not suspect its presence, and' this peculiarity rendered it .dangerous. So great was the benefit Mnubray derived from' it thnt he insisted upon being supplied with several doses for use,'if needed, at some future time when tho doctor's personal ser vices might not bo available. Complying with this request. Dr. Weber was careful to explain the Hanger that lay in taking a larger doxo -3'tn be had prescribed. [to sb ooHTrmniD.I MC— 1 