UNWELCOME MUSIC. w b Every man -has in the way of fire his own likes and dislikes, writes Mr. liattersby in a war letter to the "Morning Post." So-me men always bob to a bullet; others catch their breath at a shell; others dread the patter of a Maxim. It is not a question of timidity or of deadlines-, but of personal antipathy. Infantry tire is beyond all question most fatal, but many pay less heed to the whispered whistle of the bullet than to any oth-;r of the flying forms of death. There is a bird out here, a little brown bird like a brambling, with a note that exactly mimics the -Mauser, and an uncomfortable habit of fluting it in ugly places. Tie Le?-.Metiord'.s note is nearly a third lower, and the Martini has t>h-e dull buzz of a ladea bee. Between the three there can be no mistaking, but the Boers have four or five other rifles harder to recognise. The note varies, no doubt, with the rifling and initial velocitv; it varies, too, with the length of flight. The Mauser's most me'odious period is 1,800 yards; point blank it is nothing but a nasty nasal sneer, but one may be a poor judge of melody at close quarters. A flat-nosed or Vduradumimed" Mauser probably makes a sound which one attributes to some unknown rifle, but the queerest note of all- comes from a Mauser spinning the wrong way after a richosket. It is -like the c-oughing of a sick ghost—indescribably c-uraliug. Perhaps the knowledge that at feuch odd moments it will let an inch of daylight through one rather adds to the effect. The worst and bes-t of buLet music is that one always hears it behind one. It is past before the ear can make a note of it. But that, of course, is only a consolation when the bullets are few. On the other hand, one listens to the panting of a shell or o£ a bomb a quite appreciable while before the splitting bang announces its arrival somewhere- Tiae panting grows clearer and seems to gro w quicker as the thing comes straight onward, till one can almost feel it in the air. That, if one is sitting still and has ever known tlu tiling to open at c,ne's feet, is tlie psychology] moment for which on a battlefield one has the least use. But the damage which a shell does not do is wonderful. At Driefontein tine enemy dropped one into the leading team of the baggage train, just a? the order was brought in to bear to the right. The shell dropped between the second span of mules, and the whole ten were lifted off their legs by the explosion, and disappeared in a squealing, kicking cbud of smoke. As the dust subsided, and. the drivers went forward to cut out the pieces, the mules staggered, span by span, to their feet and went forward witia a whinny to the crack of the whip, .none the worse for fchfiir tumble. Such incidents ^should make one view shell fire almost with a friendly eye; but the 15-poundsr is not always . a humorist. f f L Iflfbm li kp a a b th wttIs t ntwdSsHtGerhC w g a d t 