NOTES IN THE ASSEMBLY. His Excellency the Governor sent the Loin Rill down to the AateutDty early on Wednesday. It is for £030,300. The readins of a petition against the passing o the Snow Bill caused several interjections and considerable amusement. The state ment that the pa&ung; or tne measure would 'demoralize public life' greatly, tick, led member*, and to another statement Mr. Gratnjrer interjected 'That's a lie.' Some body cheered, but the Speaker thought that was net a proper remark, and Mr. Grain ger modified it to 'ft ia not a true state ment.' Mr. Tucker-r'Who signs thatf The Spejker-'-C. Ptoud.' (Loud laugh ter.) Mr. Brooker presented a petition Mined bv six beneficiaries under the will of the Ute W. H. Gray, praying for an amend ment in 'the PaUwalouga Bridge Bill. Mr. Grainger read a reply from the sayings bank trustees to . his questions, - and asked the Treasurer if he would recommend the trustees to improve the manner of keeping their accounts. Mr. Holder said he hod no power to interfere, but doublleM the trustees in the Hoiue would take a note of the matter. (Mr. Sokxuoo— The accounts are kept on the same lines as those of the' Treasury.' Laughter. Mr. Grainger— 'Very much the same. ) The Premier intimated that he would ask member* to begin Thurs day'* sitting at 11.30 ajn- and to be pre pared to sit on Friday. Arrangements are being made for the prorogation to tak place on Thursday of next week, and *s members generally— especially country re preJienhtrive*— axe anxious to be free by Friday, November 30, they will doubtless heartily co-operate to as to make th:? pos sible. With the passing of the Appropria tion Bill removes all doubt about the pro rogation. Mr. Wood wa.« early in evidence with a request that a select committee should be appointed to enquire into the question of public ten4?rs, and bis introduction of the fiscal question to his epeceh brought Mi* Grainger to his feet, and tiie meo'.bcr to* Wallaroo delivered a homily on the bene fits of protection. Wbi st he was speaking Mr. Wood got in a neat retort by askini I Mr. Gninzer if protection was the plank of' I the new icderal '?liberal' party, of whkh I Mr. Grain?cr is supposed to be non. i«cre ! tary. .Mr. Foster, on behalf of the Govern ' merit, opposed the request for a select com mittee, and wais replviir to some assertions 1 made against the supply and tender bourd when be was interrupted. by orders of the day. This (rave an opportunity for Mr. Car penter to move the second reading of th% Steam Boilers Bill, and after *ome disciu sion this 'hardy annual' got rnto eommit : tee. and good progrei* was made before th-! ? dinner bour. The discussion wu then it* ! tempted. ! Mr. Copley resumed the discussion on the finances begun by Mr. Sokxnoo. the previous evenimr. and nude runnins com ments on Hi* Excellency** minute, which be jjenerally acreed with. Mr. Catt congratu Hod ^Ir. NiSomon on hi.' abie speech, an.l siid the country was greatly indebted i. the leader of the opposition for having ? bioaghi the subject forward. Mr. Call, however, having been relieved by the Trea surer's reply had no criticism to offer. Tht Chairman of Committees wanted to 'get a few words in' about another little matter, but to the amusement ot tbc House the Speaker was inexorable. It v.ns nzainst the standing orders, and 'Mr. Catt knew the standing orders/' (Hear, hear, and laudi ter.) Mr.ltduiitfcvell touched deeper depths, and went into the matter fuUv, strougiy blaming the Trca.«urer and tbc Ltder trea surer tor tbc 'unpardouab'c inuddJe.' So many errors had been committed in that department that the colleague of Mr. Holder thought it 'high time to make radical ijnras there.' Mr. Playford quoted a political axiom Lord Kandolpu Churchill's, that it was the duty of the opposition to 'oppose' 'right or wrong.' He felt members of .the opposition had exaggerated the position. Why revive the 'Brookinan surplus?' Mr. Solomon— Nasty old ghost, isn t it?) Let them bury the old ghost, and forget all about it. (Mr. Solomon— After a fair ver dict.) -It was a fair verdict. (Mr. Solomon —Guilty; but don't do it again!) Mr. tayford played the part of the 'gentle father.' He, did not even stroke Mr. Hol der with a feather; he. lathered him with softsoap. He appealed to every unpreju iced member who had listened to Mr. Solomon and the Treasurer to «ay that Mr. Holder's reply was 'absolutely complete and straightforward,'' and so on, and so on. Mr. Solomon— You would not have made that mi«t«L-» ) He 'might' in the same circumstances; but Mr. Playford had never een in that position. He exonerated Mr. Holder and Mr. Gill/ whom he referred to as an excellent accountant. (Mr. Holder— And it is only fair to say that Mr. Gill did not see His Excellency's minute.) Who had suffered? if any one was injured somebody would have to be whipped. daughter.) But no harm would be done. Mr. Solomon— Oh, give a straightforward, lonest opinion. Was it right or wrong?) id Mr. Solomon not want forgivenes* in his world or the next? (Mr. Solomon— Va, that .would be pretty from a pulpit.) Ir. Playford thought it good 'whether rom the pulpit or cue gutter.' Until he ba* seen toe Lieutenant-Governor's minute —which' the Treasurer will lay on the table —Mr. Playford is not prepared to express an opinion on Lord Tennyson's memoran dum- If His Excellency requires to have only true statements put before him in Jtecutive Council, Mr. Playford said Lord ennyson is right. Bnt ii it is that the iovernor refuses to act on the advice of the liniatry— seeks to 'share their responsibi ity, ' as Mr. Holder |nus it— then the mem ber for Gumeracha considers him decidedly wrong, and some members cheered. Mr. Glynn reminded Mr. Piayi'ord of a few little 'adjustments' which took place when that member was Treasurer. Mr. Glynn reaiembered too much— 'little enoru' to get in all the rents in 1888 re sumed lands in the last day of the financial year and letting his successor whistle. Laughter.) The member for North Ade aide thought it the duty of a Treasurer to personally supervise the account* of his department. He did not think Mr. Holder had made an adequate reply, and was de serving of censure. Mr. Givon put the case regarding the position of His Excellency, and quoted the precedent of Governor Dar ling, of Victoria. A Governor was not— as l-ut by Mr. Piayford— the same a* Her M* tsty, as he was responsible to the Imperial government, and if he broke the law he tad to answer to the home authorities for it. Mr. Giynn was cheered for his valu able contribution to the discussion, which fizzled out when he sat down. Mr. Grainger succeeded in recommitting the line 'destitute asylum' in the esti mates. There was more in this than met be -eye at the moment, and a pretty storm waa raised. The member for Wat acoo had some remarks to make concern n* Mr. Lindsay. Other members spoke, but it remained for Mr. Price to drop a match into the gunpowder. His remarks about a lady caused Mr. Grainger to try and wither Mr. Price with a contemptuous ook. The members for Wallaroo and Start indulged in a spirited duet, coming dose up to the standing orders in their exchange ot' epithet*. Tbe line was subee quently passed without alterations, and the estimates were all over. The House then went into committee of ways and means, and witbiii two minutes the Appropriation Bill was introduced and read a first time. On the motion to suspend the 'tarrtiflg orders to allow- the Bill to pass, Mr. Solo mon protested against the 'indecent haste' to close the session before business had teen completed. (Premier— You're always barking. Why don't you bite?) Mr. Solo mon—I will bite soon enough. Mr. Holder —Hear, hear. Come on. Mr. Solomon— Probably yu'Il set it before 24 hours are over your head— and members looked up with interest The leader of the opposition ed a forlorn hope, and after speeches from Messrs. Bounsevell and Copley the stand ing orders were suspended, the Bill read a second time, and taken through committee and passed. \- The Iron Knob Railway Bill was received rom the Council, and 'the second reading ixed for next day. after a protest from Mr. Poynton and others and a-division. Dnrinfr the small hours of the morning the Fertilizers Bill was further discussed, read a second time, and carried through conrroitte* with little or no alteration. It was expected that the House jrould rise when th» had been accomplished, but the Stetun Boilers Brtl was revived, and against one or two proteny vu taken through com mittee and renortcd. Memoer* had steam up by tlu« time, and the Fatawalonga Bridge Bill was read a second time and paraed throiKth committee, with an amend ment in da use 5 to meet an objection by the beneficiaries recirdityr the maximum «wt cf the work. The Compulsory Vaccina tion Ilili was taken through committee. An amendment was inserted at tbe instance of Mr. Carpenter, after alteration by Mr. Glynn, making it necessary for parent* to go to a little trouble in recording their conscientious objections. The House oat on until 2.30 a.m.. making short work of some Bills and adjourning others. The net result was a fair clear ance of the notice paper. 