WA. y S OF LIVING-. -» NEARING THE NORE LIGHT. This ax bide will be limited to the last stretch of the Thames, between the lower reaches and the sea. Some of the most characteristic features of this region will be passed in review: the quaint habits and old-world beliefs of its residents, and the tales of comedy and adventure told in its inn parlours or over the cabin stoves of its little craft. The first question that naturally occurs is : Where does the Thames end, and the sea begin P This is what the newspapers i call a controverted question. The official boundary, it is true, stretches across from I Foulness on the northern shore to Shell ! ness on the Isle of Sheppey. But the ! dividing line is generally considered among river folk themselves to be marked by the sandbank above which floats the most ancient and most famous of British lightships, the * Nore Light.' Sailors passing that Dutch-built barge on an inward journey have a curious, but impolite, method of their own of saluting the fresh water, which they reckon to have entered at that moment, although as a matter of fact the buoyant river water overlays the dense medium of the sea for miles further out than the Nore. And, seeing that the Thames at this point is nearly six miles wide and broaden- ing rapidly with every outward mile, one may leave the experts to wrangle over saline proportions and estuarine mollusca and the rest, aocepting the verdict of the sailor. Certain it is that the typical Thames features-the local shipping, river cus- toms, rivsr talk and modes of life-do not extend beyond the Nore. Long before it is reached, indeed, they have begun to ' suffer a sea change.' The men of the I 'broken water,' which stretches from a ' little below Gravesend to tho sea, are in many ways unlike their brethren of the higher reaches.. For one thing, they are far more silent than the Cockney field boatmen, and lightermen upstream, Even tho sociable atmosphere of their waterside tavern the ' Smack Inn,' or the ' Net and Golden Anohor,* or the 'Jolly Billy Boy'-doei not tempt them into garrulity. It is told of one of their number thal having been upset one chill Novembei night and floating for two hours before he was picked np, his sole comment on being restored to consciousness was tho remark, ' Water gets cold o' nights now !' A moro curious characteristic of these dwellers by the lower river is their super- stition. This is, of course, true to a greater or less extent of sailors all the world over} but the men in question, whilst sharing in such widespread beliefs as the efficacy of whistling and scratching the mast for a breeze, and th« bad weather foretold by a howling dog, have their own local and peculiar fancies. One such superstition is that the appearance of a porpoise in the Thames, proceeding up stream, is a sure sign of a coming storm from seaward. ' It must be a mighty stiff blow if he can't face it !' is their crushing retort to the sceptic. Many of the inhabitants of Canvey firmly believe that spirit horses gallop madly about the Island from dusk to midnight, and stoutly affirm that they themselves have often heard the wild hoof-beats of these ghostly steeds. Along the marshy shores on either bank you will find veteran sailors to-day who will confidently assure you that they know, by a peculiar sound the water makes, when a death by drowning is imminent. 'The water keep moanin', moaninV said one of these prophets last spring, ' and that show it want someone. I don't reckon if ll run off shore agen wi'out him/ But he was wrong : no one was drowned along that coast until next tide, when there were two victims. Another quaint belief, which was once common along our coasts, but is now dying fast elsewhere, still survives-at least among the older generation-in the Kentish river flats. This is that the sick folk, if true native born, cannot die until the ebb-tide has begun to run. The belief is at least as old as Shakespeare's day j for did not Falstaff, die 'just between twelve and even even at the turning o' the tide'P And these river folk still say confidently of a sufferer, ' He must wait for the tide/ When their prediction is fulfilled the puzzled doctors talk of 'efforts of will power' ; when it is falsified the prephets explain that the dead man, or his father before him, was reared inland. And superstitions flourish among the crews of the ketches, oyBter-boata, and other small craft of this district. As an instance may be mentioned their dread of a'dogging star'-one shining near and apparently following the moon. This is [ regarded as ominous of terrible temposts ; and nativos of the region in question have been known to refuse to sail from London in a sea-going vessel because of such an apparition in the night heavens. Ghosts appear to trouble them but little, although a certain small schooner making coasting runs between Gravesend and the Kent and Essex seaboard is always affirmed to be haunted by a former skippor who sprang overboard years ago in a drunken frenzy, and was drowned. This shade, according to the statement of an avowed eye-witness, is by no means terrifyir g, but merelj frequents, in harm- less and seemingly aimless fashion, the aft companion that was his favourite resort in the flesh. Once he was actually good-natured enough to arouse the man at the wheel, who had fallen asleep at his post and in a few seconds would have put the scboonei ashore above Thames Haven. The mate of the vessel, however, who being London bred is sceptical of this useful ghost's existence, suggests that it was the flash- ing light from the screw-pile lighthouse at Mucking Flat which awoke the slumberer so opportunely. A strange article of faith prevalent in these craft, as perhaps elsewhere, is that it is unlucky to express yourself as ' glad to be alive/ or in any such phrase. At the Essex farmer thought concerning balloons, they regard these expressions as ' farin' bumptious ' to the good and evil powers alike, who may take summarj vengeance on suoh presumption. The town-reared skipper of a local sail- ing craft recently had a curious lesson ix the superstition of the district. On thc occasion of his first run from Sheerness in his new command he took on boure with him a favourite black cat which h ac travelled often enough with its mastei from Blackwall. The wind, which was fresh at the start died away suddenly and the tide having scarcely turned was , too young to serv< them appreciably. For an hour the] drifted at a BU ail's pace; then the breez< freshened as suddenly as it had died down and the trip to Greenhithe was complétée in comfort. But on reaching there th< new skipper found that his sable Thoma had disappeared. Questioning his men one of them spoke of having 'lieord a splash-like ' while they lay becalmed ; an< the cat's master could only conclude tha in some inexplicable fashion his pet ha< fallen overboard or committed suido. I Mentioning his lósá tö a neighbour pi his return, tbo disconsolate1 skipper,, wa greeted with roars of unsympatheti laughter. . Why, d^n't you know that black cat kills the wind P' ho was askec I * It is largely believed in hereaboutf anyway. No doubt yourB was blamed fo the calm, and to break tho spell poor < 1 puss was weighted round the neok an \- - '""*""" >^mmmamàt .} dropped overside aa au offering of appease- ment to the wind-gods.' r But there is much besides local super- stition tobe related of the lower Thames A familiar sight along the Essex Bhorè of the river is the « Geordie,' or coal-britr plying between one or other of the Tyne- side collieries and the Thames. Of these craft the river-siders are said to ' cursed the Bkipper and bless the crew.' For while the latter are stalwart, hardy Nortumbrians, such plucky sailors as to extort the praise of our critical Tharne Bites, the shipmasters are the subject of much chaff aud many ' yarns,' the point ?. of both modes of criticism being that" they are not exactly renowned for either navigation or total abstinence. One Geordie's skipper, homeward bound., in ballast, is said to have passed the> Mouse lightship on hiB port beam, and' proceeded spirituously on his way north. Four hours later, when his hazy reckon- ing Bhowed the vessel to be off Harwich,, an unknown lightship hove in sight to starboard. ' Light, ahoy ! "Who on earth 'r you f*' he gretted the stranger. ' Mouse !' came an answering shout. "Nother of 'em* eh?' the skipper was heard to mutter. 'Too bad, too bad! Speak to the Trinity House about it time they had a mouse-trap in these parts !' It was a brother skipper who, when, .asked by his mate to set a course outward, from Gravesend, cheerfully and with hiccoughs told his questioner to 'keep i the shore on his port (left) beam until he i made Sunderland !' In the intricacies of ! the Thames channels such advice is about 1 as one countryman's direction of another to a certain hotel : ' Yeou mun just waalk threough Lunnon an' bear a bit to th" roight I' These stories of intoxicated masters recall an incident for which the writer, can personally vouch. The skipper of a handsome 'mixed' (cargo and passenger) boat, running between an East London wharf and the West of England, was terribly addicted, to drink. Coming down Thames one afternoon under orders to call at Sheer- ness he insisted on "taking charge, although in a hopelessly muddled state. The mate, nearly frantic with anxiety, managed now and then t:> ÍBBUO secret orders to the crew, by whioh more than one imminent disaster was avoided. Thus they made their way down stream till the river widened and the mate began to breathe freely again. Then the captain on the bridge insisted on standing over to the north shore, and when his subordinate remonstrated actually threatened to put him in irons. So, amid the grumblings of the mate and the skipper's fluent oaths, the boat jog- ged along to a certain town on that side of the Thames estuary, where more by luck than judgment Bhe brought up with- out disaster at the landing stage. Foreseeing serious trouble, the faithful mate would have hurried his chief below out of sight ; but that officer would not quit his post, and greeted the piermaster as follows (omitting only the curses and drunken slurs that punctuated it) : ' Here, mister, what's the meaning of this, ehP Don't try to deny it, sir» (crescendo). ' You've stolen it, sir you're a common low thief , and I'll have you pros-prosecuted ' (fortissimo). ' Wot's the row ?* laconically inquired the much-abused official. .You villain-you thieving villain I screamed the skipper. ' Answer me thie instant, sir-what have you done with ms Medway ?' . ,, . And in his grief at this robbery of a whole river he burst into tears. That piece of folly cost him hiB master £ certificate ; and nowadays, if you want t< enrage the red-faced steward of a certau ' day trip' boat on the Thames, you hav( only to ask him innocently which side oi tho river is the Medway. 