IN EUCALYPTUS LAND: A KARRI IDYLL. IBY KATHLEEN WATSONM This is God s country, where the lights are so clear and delicate and the clearings in the forest as little cups of sunshrae open tn a slcv of neace and elorv which rn.iv never quite be told. There is a siencc full of majesty around; not the si}?nce of stag nation, but the silence of a wondrous growth, the peace of a work which never .-tops and never shows itself, and yet goes on from strength to strength alike in storm and shine, through ]»tient years and cen turies of time, till a tiny sapling is a pant monarch— a King Karri of the forest with ?rcat arms stretching wide, his bright leaves strong with power to heal, his mas give trunk all ripe to fall, and then to live again in the countless u.-*.a of polished bril liancy or simple honour or rough-hewn losv linesa which man's invention shall a^ign to him. Across countless spapes in Eucalyp tus Land the forests stretch; they climb up hills and creep down to the margin of a broad and beauteous Like; they shatlo.v for miles the little creek tha; in winter gurgles in merry loneliness, along its sombre course and in cummer murmurs so slack a-aJ faint a toog; at one point far inland the breath comes straight and pure from th-. open biuh, ai another the oci-an breezes fan those stately crowns; and eyes that have ached froui the glitt:r of the watery wastes while running the casting down across many a thousand league of sea arc well pleased as they rest on those tall green tops at last. We who wander day by day within the shades of Eucalyptus Land sometimes we tall to -thinking of the strange dearth of his tory, legend, memories, traditions that the solemn forest aisles enfold. No buried cities; none of those ruins so far more beau, liful in their decay than .the new cities of to-day in all their newness; no ghosts or tombs of a forgotten people; no retreat of hermit or miracle of saint; no hint of de parted glories, or never so faint a trace of roadway down which mailed armies and the gay proces tions of Church and State might once have wandered— nothing but the occasional track of an aboriginal, those desolate ones «o low down in the scale of humankind that they have never known how to build, sow, conquer, or make prosper in any way. At last to this chaos of growth, these fastnesses where the united ages of less than a dozen trees will span the history of re corded time since the world began, there came two men — brothers, with quiet, far seeing eyes, the instincts of born, the heads of trained financiers. Unsparing ever of rest or comfort for themselves, plain fare and hard plodding their daily portion, into the remotest parU of Eucalyptus Land they penetrated — these men whose names are houcehoM words in lauds across the seas — leaving nothing unnoted, unappre ciated, or unjudged. .Maay patient plans must doubtlessly have been seething in their brains as they remembered above a*l that to bring a thing from wncre it abound* to where it is rare and costly betokens the craft of the wise worker. It is said that nobody should be rich but he who under stands it, and Eucalyptus Land was bles sed exceedingly in these two men who came to its far-stretching depths, and with a bright wisdom of selection marked out libe ral borders round the virginal forests, in the midst of the tangled wilderness setting the first stone of what is now a fair bush township; at the same time, with that ui» erring instinctive knowledge of other men which leads continually to success, choos ing for their leading workers men of steely muscle, white reputation, tireless energy, able at any time to give the best account of themselves— the fruits of whose faithful and devoted service all who run to-day in Eucalyptus Land may read as from an open book. For they arc the rich men in whom the people are rich. Labour, peace, and sunshine breathe from the face of little Denmark City, where one watches it und.T many aspects from the verandahs of the Company's pleasant bungalow. It waa in the starlight of a dark warm evening that we saw it first. The long log train came out at last from the miles of torest gloom, and stopped for a minute at the bun;?ilow before trundling on to the mills to end its day. A world of baunticg fragrances and harmonious sounds it was to which we were so happily come— a world at once new and old; for toe stars burnt not as in the skies of England, and the air was charged with a stracjc new fineness of perfume from aromatic trees and plants innumer able; but the sounds and signs of toil were old. the distant rhythmic evincing of the great saws struck like a once familbr air upon the ear, very homely seemed the blaze from the huge open-air fires, not a hun dred yards away, which burn incessantly year in year out to consume the cast-off pieces of timber from the mill*— which, un til the true sense of it is explained to him, seems to the newcomer such shocking waste; the bright undying fires whose smoke, rising clear above the tallest tree tops, is oftentimes a landmark to way farers in the open beyond the bu*h; whose splendour of sparks and flames must make the dark nighU in Denmark City so full of mystery and enchantment to the tiny sandgroper watching from his cottage door or his mother's knee. In Eucalyptus Laid at evening time it often is as^ though high festival were being sung .at Nature's altar to the pomp of name and incense lights; but when trie morning suu is full and high upon the little township, and the white sandpaths are glittering sharply in its shine, the song is of work alone, peaceful, strong, and clean, under health conditions of space and atmosphere and freedom that in themselves are a triumphant solution of foe difficulties of the labour question. The pungent perfume t'rom the rorin and the cum o£ the fallen trees is over all. Great heaps of scented shavings shed a tine wood dust around. The saws and lathes are whirring in a white heat of ac tivity, and everywhere the human element, without haste yet without rcr»t, is corre sponding. From the woodcutter who hews down the great tree on the far Denmark Mis; the driver of the bullock team who ?hauls it through the dense and difficult forert ways to the.railtrack: the men who cut it into lengths; those who load the huge logs on to -the trucks; these who div:dc, weigh, and measure them out at tlie mills; and those at last who send the fine ;awn timber to the port— every nun has his spe cial work, the bc*t of tools and appliances to do it with, and the sunniest of cottages to call bis home when- the day is done. What wonder, then, that in this forest Ar cadia neart3 arc rrifdi and faces plod; that ou the men the hardihood oi rtrong nature, on the women the blessed absence of r.er vous strain, and en the baby sindpropcrs the Woom of perfect hcafch, are written. Here to a great extent they fight the ele ment* with the clement?. Against the frost of winter, the heat of summer, they build them cheerful homes of the wood? of Euca lyptus Land that hem them in so closely. They «et the wtol to draw up the sweet water from their wells; thev take the fer tile slime from the bed ol the creek to make their gardens fruitful; thev knew the vir tue* of the plants, and the salubrity of the wild air itself ia their unfailing healer. Their wants axe less, their fuas are more than iu 'the crowded com muni ties of cities; or, if but little it is uiat some of them may have, to those who have kss they still have always to spore. In little Denmark City there arc ncrhaps three streets only— first,' the strcet of three roo.iied cottages, and then the ft net t oi four-roomed cottages, and then the grand street of five-roomed cottages or 'houses'' proper. Before each home is a, little garden »f glorious blooms and colours! Ia the rich, jubsoil that the white sand covers over the fairest fruits and flowers thrive grandly. The heart of the city would seem to be where the solitary store, the property of the Company, is, and ivnere, as in older battlements, you can buy anything, from a needle or an anchor, a wedding ring or a village ball gown, to the traditional pound of soap or candles. Adjoiuing it is the |K-st-ottice, and the postmaster is a veritable I'richton amongst men; for he will pull your tooth out, set a fractured limb, or dis patch your missive to the other end of the tvor.d; all with equal $r«ed and skill. Late ly, indeed, it pleased him in addition to figure for a brief and brilliant space in the financial lirmament as a Company promoter. For a .sudden, wild report ol alluvial gold tiuds rang down the upper shades of Euca lyptus Land, and the woodman's use was to lie dropped for the miner's pick and shovel, :Liims -pegged out, and the slaughter of the trees slaved in the frantic search for those small gold lumps that work such havoc in the hearts and ways of men. liut ere long it was ascertained that one who wished to Jo himself an exi-el.cntly good turn had been busy in thegeiulc an ot '^ting. iftcr which the disgusted postmaster and liis satellites retired to the wor.d of stern facts and fair profits once more; and peace ind dignity came home again to the lorest shades so strangely and so rudely stirred. To ltttle Denmark City the 'Army, irith its drums and officers, has come., and Salvation Sarah takes the homely ttpoken woodcutter in hand and seasons his life ind ways with the salt ot' Christianity; and :hen sometimes demurely takes a wedding ring from him later on, in full and happy fmyment of such services given. Hut even woodcutters, they say, are getting very knowing how. They hearten to their plea iures as to (heir work, .-uid take both alike prily in Denmark City. Spirited dances, [easts, and 'swarecs' they hold in their aall; and as much care and thought are gi ren to the costumes and as much heart burning when the .ocal newssbcet fails to report on Mrs. A's ballgown l-eing trimmed ?nth flounces of fine llaunc-l, yet notes that Miss B's timid decollotage was rounded irith a frill of cotton lace— aud all because Miss B's father is a foreman and has a. four roomed place— as rni^Dt be the c.i.=e in si nilar circumstances among the haughty de lizenc of Mayfair or Bclgravia. On a fine niornin^ of early winter a plea ant thing it is to settle yourself in the srarra sunshine among the bass of chaff piled up on one oi the trucks and be taken with the log train along the primitive ;raek laid down through the heart of Eucal yptus Land. Ever grander and more roleran does the way Uwouie — the trees aro larger, life grow* stiller, the gloom more friendly, and the morning tranquil with the idh thoughts of an idle soul. The little green parrots aw flying against the -silver Bark oi the doomed trees: the crinutm bush Rowers and the vivid golden banshee fruit ire flaunting tbdr glory across the scrub; tall bhckbovR. with their spiky green hair radiating defiantly from their swarthy heads, swarm in the thick undergrowth; and presently down the slope of the hill to the creek conK»» the ring of the teamster's merry voice urging, each by a familiar name, his team ot twelve or fourteen horse?, and measuring with eyes alert and steady ncry turn or swell of the ground— the eyes nd the voice of a man who has slept v.vil, ind risen to his work at peace with all the irorld. The little train makes frequent stops to throw out bags of chaff where rough hamlets and bullock )-ens cluster at inter vals along the iron track, and at one of these pauses a sound of thunder rends the 5uiet bright air— tlu huge expiring groan of some falling monarch uprooting others in bis downgoipg, the tearing of a thousand tiny fibres from each other, the crash of boughs aud branches emiting wildly in their last agony, the dcith-knell of a life that ha* jived and grown and thriven grandly while in the restless world beyond dynasties were overthrown, rulers followed rulers, and new generations rose up beside whose puny mor tal lives that wondrous forest life teemed immortal. And yet, for all we say and think, we know he i* not really dead— King Karri, lying at our feet Will he live again, polished and highly wrought, in a casket or a cracHe or a coffan for some great bouse? Will he bear the masonry of heavy piers and docks against his stalwart flaw less trunk? Will swift trains rush without fear along the tracks that his sleepers have made so safe and sound? Will lonely mile* of telegraph posts stand strong and high to the change ind wear of seasons? Or will the sails of many ships fly with his blocks across the teas, to pave for reasons sanitary and eco nomical the streets of half the cities of the world and the psalms of solitude be ex changed for the songs of the boulevards, the gaiety, the music, and the sobs of nations on the brilliant., thoroughfares of Paris, London, or Vienna? Thus, indeed, we think of t&em; as living and not dead, and load them heavily with romance and story in our mind — these chil dren of tlte forest, all straight and. kingly where «S»ey grow. Heavenwards they point with a grace that knows no fear. No storm has bent them, no hesitation marred their serene and upward course, no flaw of fibre or disease of vegetation- made imperfect their perfection; acd one could wish that virtue might go out of them for the order ing of the lives of men. Unsleeping ener gies and weariless brains have 'floated' these silent cltildren into a vast and power ful Company, whose name is heard with attention in the commvruial land, the mar vellous mechanism and organization of modern biKmess linking the paswye life of the forests as they stand with active possi bilities, strongholds of industry, security of wcaath, which go all to make that name shine with no uncertain light on the. peri- lous financial shores. Touching enough it was a while ago to hear from cottage homes far up in the re mote hush sorrowful references to the man —the elder of those two wise and diligent brothers aforesaid— now lately, after yeais of clow and painful sickness, called to his long home far away from the scenes of his labours and liis daring plans; the man through whose unresting and perhaps un conscious agency so many happy homes, and —as if by a pathetic eontrait— *o many va liant constitutions, have been built up in Eucalyptus Lund. 'Mighty bad was he, yet 'cos of him so many of us is well,' says one tough wood land veteran, remembering many a good deed done — deeds the outcome of that true economy which, unlike the false, can forget frugality and dare to be generoux indeed in the right time and place. Somewhere there is a word of an ancient Latin citv, over whose mighty portals the legend nourish ed:— Peace to those who enter. Safety to the** who dwell within. Dinting* on those who fare forth. And so of Eucalyptus Land we say that with those who dwell therein it should in deed be well: and in days to come, with health and bravery, resourcefulness, and forest lore well cquinped, its little children, then grown older, shall go out with joy to tlie gate of life's arena in near or distant places. Abomah, a superb specimen of the Afri can ncgrcss, wao enjoys the distinction of being the tallest woman living, is black as ebony, and endowed with great physical strength, combined with a symmeincally moulded figure. She was formerly one of the attendants and bodyguard ot the bar baric King of Dahomey, whose Amazonian warriors have been famous alike for their prow«£3 ' and cruelty. Trained for her bloodthirsty calling Irora early childhood, she was inured alike to hardship and pain. Her stature increased out of ail proportion to her rears, sue became a particular fa vourite oi the lucaarch, and led his armv. Tliis extraordinary woman stands over 3 ft. in height, and can easily support the weicht of a nun oa her outstretched hand. The dusky beauty having recently evinced a strong desire to travel, and particularly to visit England, will no doubt toon pay a visit to some of England's principal cities. 