THE DIOCESE OF RIVERINA; Opening of the First Session of the Fifth Synod. The Bishop's Presidential Address r ? The.: first session of the fifth Synod .of the Diocese of Riverina was opened v on Wednesday by divine service in the ?pro-Oathedral. After the service the ' members of Synod adjourned to the Schoolroom, where the Synod was opened with the usual devotional exercises. There was a fair attendance. THe Bishop of Riverina's opening address was as follows : — Mv Brethren op the Clergy and my Brethren op the Laity, I heartily welcome you all to this r First Session of our Fifth Synod.; and especially do I welcome those who aro ' acting as clerical and lay representa ? tives for the first time, and who, I ; [ hope, will make it their business to become, as soon as possible, proficient v'm the methods of Synod procedure, ! rand thus be enabled themselves to render valuable service, not only to their particular parishes, but the Diocese at large. Never since the time that I became your president, did we meet amidst ; ' such pleasant and promising surround i ings ; and I pray that we may not be rliqn.nnnin tod in r.lip fnnrl Tinnn fclmfc at last we are experiencing the complete ' break-up of what I believe I am per fectly correct in designating the un precedented drought. I have heard a .great deal about the glories of Riverina when favorably circumstanced, and ; about its marvellous powers of recovery when fairly conditioned. That which I have taken in all good faith upon the testimony of others, I hope now to see fully realised. God grant that it may be so. To expect that a period of such severe depression should be suddenly changed as by the stroke of the ? ? magician's wand, would be unreasoning ; -folly; During the last four years many things have got behind ; and it will need great patience and much indomitable and earnest work to bring them all into line again. Until this is done, no material advance need be anticipated. Therefore with hope re . newed, with strong hearts and braced : wills let us bravely face the future. DIOCESAN CHANGES. . : The Diocesan changes since the third session of our last Synod, with few exceptions, need but little comment. The Rev. E. A. Reader went froin Menindie to Moama ; and after a short sojourn there, has followed the Rev. A. T n-oo.,,,™,! rr:„ ' position at Moama is shortly to be filled by the appointment to that parish of the Rev. J. T. Huston, of Balranald. Menindie is at present being worked from Wilcannia. The Rev. Richard Clark has left Whitton for the diocese of Ballarat, and for a short period Whitton will again be served from Narondera. I am sorry to report that the Rev. Mr. Nobbs has been very seriously ill, but you will be glad to . hear that he has so far recovered as to f (be able to be with us to-morrow. As new catechists we welcome Messre. North, , and Hitchcox, of Narandera, Broken Hill, and Hay respectively. j.ur. w. n. xsaroer, to whom our thanks are due for his work : as Hon. Treasurer of the Clergy Assurance Board, resigned that office upon his removal to England. Mr. AJlari Mann, who was acting last year' as Hon. Diocesan Treasurer, has now been duly appointed to that office, in which he is rendering very ;. valuable ?- service.'- By the removal 6f 'Mr. F. H. Galbraith, P.M., the parish has been deprived of one who did much to place its finances upon a sound basis, arid who, by his quiet, consistent, Christian conduct, was a great influence for good. , But not only has Hay been the suf 'ferer. I am sure I am merely echoing ' what all who knew f him must feel, ' when I say that Synod has lost in Mr. 1 Galbraith one of its most conscientious members. But perhaps our greatest loss was occasioned by the transfer to ? Dubbo of Mr. A. A. Monypenny. Mr. Monypeny has acted as Registrar arid ' Diocesan Secretary for years, and no one but those who were most intimately . acquainted with him can truly esti ' mate the value of his services. His heart and soul were in the work, and a more conscientious worker I have sel dom met. I am perfectly well aware that at' times he was irritating, but I ? 'also very well know that he had much . to irritate him. If he was lacking in suaviter inmodo, none doubted his full . .equipment of fortiter in re. His com bined offices have been filled by the appointment of Mr. W. K. Hoare, who has. a difficult task in following so able ? and worthy a predecessor. Neverthe less, I have every reason to believe .rthat with a growing acquaintance with , his. work, Mr. Hoare will acquit him self right well. May I here ask the clergy, and, through them, their Church- Wardens, to assist Mr. Hoare by their prompt attention to business. ORGANISING SECRETARY. Tho. Rev. E. C. Ganly became Organising Secretary of the Riverina ChurchFund justwithin twelve months ago. I fear he found the work coti riected therewith in rather a chaotic state. This has involved a falling off in the total amount of subscriptions ; although I am glad to know that he has enlisted the sympathies of sever.il new subscribers. . : NEW CHURCH BUILDINGS. Of new churches and buildings we have added a beautiful little brick church at Tocumwal, which I dedicated ? ? ? , . , wu u..o ooi viuu oi uou ana in memory cl S. Alban . the Martyr, on February 15th of this year. At Mossgiel, a new building awaits dedication ; at Oxley, another is Hearing completion; and 'only tho day before yesterday, I believe a tender was accepted for the .building of a new and commodious 'n city. Of these buildings, whether erected, being erected, or 1 about to be erected, all have vory greatly bet«fited by tho Marriott ?Bequest, comiotj to us through the Society, for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts. THE 8. P.O. BI- CENTENARY. In addition to these grants the S.P.G. at tho present time gives us £200 a year for the maintenance of living agents. It is that Society which on June 11th will celebrate its bi centenary. For two hundred years it has labored faithfully to propagate the Gospel of Christ ; and we in Australia have especial cause to be thankful for its fostering care — therefore, in order that we may show some little gratitude, let me express a hope that the S.P.G. may, on the day appointed, be especi ally remembered. JUBILEE OF THE AUSTRALIAN BOARD OF MISSIONS. From the S.P.G. we pass to the Australian Board of Missions, which began its work in the year ltsou. it also is about to make a thankful com memoration of its inception just fifty years ago. The Jubilee of the A.M.B. has, owing to the enthusiasm of the Bishop of Tasmania, been brought pro minently before our minds by the literature upon the subject, which he has been so instrumental in circulating. As you are aware, it is proposed, at the meeting of General Synod in 'August, to make a public act of thanksgiving for whathas already been accomplished, and to stir our hearts to renewed efforts. Now, seeing that only a very few of us can attend that celebration, what, may I ask, do you propose to do 1 May I suggest that, besides taking an earnest and prayerful personal interest, we should fall into line with other dioceses, and set apart a particular Sunday, upon which we may devote' the offertories, or a portion of them to the A-J5.M.. ; or, it it is so preterreel, to any Mission connected with the Australian Church ; and, in order that we may be definite, may I make men tion of May the 27th, the Sunday after Ascension Day. Would some member of Synod take the matter in hand, and frame a resolution to that effect. ! CLERGY ASSURANCE FUND. The Clergy Assurance Fund con tinues in a very unsatisfactory condi tion ; and I fear that the special com mittee appointed by last Synod has been unable to obtain any information with regard to the working of similar funds in other Dioceses that will ba of any value for our guidance. As far as I am concerned, I am satisfied that by nothing but by a system of self- denying self-help, by way of as surance, can the Clergy of this Diocese hope to make provision for the con tingencies of this life. Instead of elaborate schemes which actuaries tell, ns can never work in small Diocosi s, can we not devise some, means where by parishes may assist the Clergy in paying premiums 1 episcopal endowment and pioneer CLERGY FUNDS. You are aware, I believe, that tbo trustees of the Episcopal Endowment Fund, as well as those of the Pioneer Clergy Fund, hive either resigned, or wish to resign. Had these funds been in a satisfactory state, their resignations would have been accepted, and other trustees appointed. But that is just where the difficulty lies. The two funds are in such an unsatisfactory condition that no one can be got to act in their stead. I have tried individuals, Jihave tried our own corporate b6dy if trustees, and I have tried trustee' com panies. There is one, and I believe, only one way out of the difficulty ; and that is, by procuring a reconstitu tion of the trusts by the Equity Court. This, I am told, can be done, and as soon ns possible I shall ask the Diocesan Council to give me their advice and assistance iD the matter. When once the trusts are reconstituted, I have the. assurance of the manager of the lead ing trustee company in New South Wales, that his principals will accept them most readily. GENERAL SYNOD. I have already intimated that the General Synod will meet in Sydney at the latter end of August. This General Synod is the result of a conference of the Bishops and representatives of all the Dioceses in Australia and Tas mania, held in Sydney in 1872. The conference having agreed upon a con stitution, resolved itself into a Synod. The determinations of the General Synod are not binding upon the Qhurpli in any Diocese, unless and until ac cepted by the Church in such Diocese. It meets once in five years, under tlie presidency of the Archbishop ofSydney, as Primate. A portion of our busi ness this season will be the election jof members to represent the Diocese of Riverina ; and I sincerely hope, that only those will allow themselves to be nominated for election, who are con fident that they will be able to nttonjd. Apart from the despatch of business, necessarily of great import, as repre senting the mature wisdom of all the Diocese, these quinquennial meetings are invaluable object lessons, teaching us that we are one with, and have ob ligation to, the whole Church in this land. As we would shun th3 pest of parochialism ; so also piust we avoid the evil of Diocesanism. You are in vited to suggest any business, such as the amalgamation of Clergy Assurance Funds, that can profitably occupy tl^o mind of tho General Synod. bishop's lodge debt. ; Two ordinances have been passed by Synod having in their objootive, the debt on Bishop s Lodge ; and verjy sorry am I to have to announce that the latter measure has turned to Ije as ineffectual as the ordinance of 1897. The late Bishop's executors saw diffi culties in the way of settlement well nigh insuporablo, and as these greater difficulties did not arise until after much timo had been spent in adjusting other matters cnnnoctod with the mort gage of Bishop's Lodge, it seemed per fectly hopeless to expect anything ap proaching to an early settlement. Modt of you will recall the ordinance if 1899 ; but for the benefit of those who were not members of our last Synod, let me briefly recount what was then proposed. In order that we might t raise £2000 of the d ibt of £2600, 1 f was empoweied. to mortgage Bishop's i Lodge to the Episcopal Endowment ( Trustees, the interest being fixed at ] 5 per cent. More than the amount j required was lying idle at the Union - Bank, although the trustees were at - the time negotiating for a loan else where. These negotiations were broken j off, so that the money might be avail-, able. It has been kept available until the present juncture with a dead loss of £100. The trustees, with my full approval, have now abandoned tho Bishop's Lodge investment, and are arranging for another loan. You will understand from this, that) as fur as the debt is concerned, we are in a worse position than we were at the beginning, for in addition to the original debt, we now have to face legal expenses, and some accumulated interest. The position is a very trying one; and uuless Synod can suggest some other-, way out of the difficulty, I see nothing for it, but to sacrifice Bishop's Lodge Personally, I need hardly say, I should very much regret the alternative. Do put your headsitogether and see what can be done. DIOOESE OF BALLARAT. The Lord Bishop of Ballarat, Dr. Thornton, has resigned that see, and seeks relief from his charge as soon as possible. . He mentions next month as being the earliest date upon which he wishes to relinquish his onerous duties as Bishop. For more than a quarter of a century has he laboured in Aus tralia, giving to her the best years of his life. His ripe scholarship and fervid eloquence will be sadly missed at our councils. As he is yet in the full visor of his mature manhood. We wish him God speed in the old land, and many years of useful work amidst less irduous surroundings. A NEW DI00E8E. The Lord Bishop of North Queens land has been so successful in advo cating the claims of Northern Aus tralia to have its own Bishop that we look forward, at an early date, to the consecration of some robust and ener getic man who will be able to bear the strain of a most tryir.g clime. The best country that he will have to travel I know full well, and if he has to eucompass anything much worse than that, he will need to be especially endowed with a large amount of Christian devotion to duty, and heroic self-sacrifice. THE WAR. And now to come to a topic which, at the present moment, seems to over shadow all others. We are at war, by no choice' of our own. Up to the last moment we were framing proposal-) which we fondly and foolishly thought would end in peace, but President Kruger did not even wait for., these proposals, but sent by his Secre tary of State an ultimatum, couched in language of astonishing arrogance, and offering terras impossible to discuss. If these terms were not immediately accepted the alternative was war, and I dare to say that it was an alternative which could not possibly have been avoided by the most peace- loving nation on earth. I recall these facts because they bring out the broad issues of the quarrel in conspicuous plainness. All subsidiary questions are swept out of sight. A share in the franchise, a right to the elementary conditions of education and sanitation, efficient and honest police, an inde pendent bench of justice — all- these matters, important as they are indi vidually, are seen to be swallowed up and absorbed in the one question, whether Boer or Briton shall be para mount in South Africa. That ques tion is now to be decided once for all. But it is important to bear in mind certain great distinctions. Boer as cendency means racial division. I means the subjection of one race to another. It means placing power, authority, taxation, legislation in the hands of the Dutch, and con signing all others to an inferior posi tion with no politics, and very little civil right. British paramountcy, ou the other hand, means the equality of all white men of whatever race, Dutch or English, German, French or Ameri can. It means that they shall all live together in wholesome and friendly comnetition. ni thev do in Cane Colnnv or Natal. It meant also — what is scarcely possible under Boer rule that the African natives shall have a reasonable share of protection and education. Much of the uncertainty which has existed is due to the am biguous use of words. The Boers pro fess to be fighting for indopendence; we, too, love independence. But the two parties mean different things by the same word. Independence with tho Boers signifies the right of a small and corrupt oligarchy to exercise -a tyrannous oppression, unrestrained by law, over the great majority of the in- 1 habitants of ,the country. With us it means the right of the whole com- ! munity to make and administer its i own laws. The twj ideas are in compatible, and toe have at last ' nxnanorl fl.n f„„l- TIT- I ? i made it plain that he is fighting for empire, and toe for freedom. Well, the fight has continued for seven months. During that period we. havo had terrible experiences of the fortunes of war. Wo have h-vd our reverses, with their manifest lessons, and tliQse roverses havo been followed by brilliant successes. There are now signs that the conflict is nearing its end. Transvaal delegates, seeking for some power to intervene, have ap parently, as far as Europe is concerned, searched in vain, and now. .wet hear that they are crossing to America, where elections .are looming, wherp Bqor sympathisers abound, and where our friends dare not raise their voices for fear of losing their votes. Listep then to an influential American, Dr. iMinot Savage. In addressing a largo audience in New York, and referring to tho irritation towards England on the part of many Americans, he said : 'We look back and remember th'e great struggle of 1776, and wo aro apt1 to think that Eiiglaud is our hecedi* iary foe. . . . Was it England ighting America in such a sense that t/e should lay up the slightest feeling if enmity from that far-away time 1 Did you ever think — if not, I beg to impress it upon you so that you will never forget it again—that tho thing we fought for in 1776 was just what England had already given us. We fought for liberty, that great gift of the English people, which Lord North,' the Queen's Prime Minister, denied us. Every particle of liberty which We started with us a young nation, and which we have developed and enriched tnd enlarged, is the gift of magnificent England. Never forget that. But Eor England we should not have had bliese ideas of liberty |tbat have been the glory of our land. ' I want to ask your attention to an other thing in favor of England. What hus been the policy of England Bince the days of 1776 in regard to her colonies 1 When Rome conquered a province, what did she do with it? Give it any liberty, any rights, any opportunity to develop commerce ? The Ciesar was almost sure to pick out some pampered favourite of his own and make him governor of that pro vince, giving him a chance to enrich himself by squeezing the life out of the people. That is the way provinces wore treated in the ancient world. 'Wha-; has Spain done with her pro vinces? Has she taught them to be free? Has she cultivated their in dustries and their commerce ? She has used and exploited them for h^r own advantage ; and that is the reason every one of them all over the world, as fast, as it has been able, has broken away from all connection with the mocneriana. ' What has England done ? Eng land to-day has no single advantage over any other country on the face of the earth in any of her colonies ex cept that) which is based on kinship and mutual consideration and the skill of England, in the matters of trade. The pores of these colonies' are as free to us, as free to Frauce, as free to Russia, as free to Turkey, as thoy are to the mother country itself. ' What is the policy of England in India to-day ? The old rajahs, . the petty kinaa, robbed the people, ground them down to tho very last limit of the possibility of life. Why ? To build palaces and monu ments and ex pensive harems which they decorated and kept for their own pleasure. What has England done in India 1 She has not taken a dollar from India for her own behoof. The taxes of India are used in India and for the benefit of Iudia ; aud it has been un speakably blessed and benefitted in every conceivable way by English oc cupation. ' I do not care what led England there in the first place. I have neither time nor inclination to raise the ques tion, or try to answer it, as to what has taken England to any part of the globe ; but I challenge contradiction to this statement. There is not a spot on earth to-day where England's foot is placed that would not be unspeakably worse to-morrow if that foot were lifted and taken away. Not one step has England taken around the world that has not meant the uplifting of humanity, finer, and higher religion, edu cation, industrial advance, opportunity for liberty, just as fast as the people were fit for it, — unspeakable blessing to all the people involved. ' Where, then, should our sympa thies be ? At; the very outset what ever the problem that comes up, should they not be with England 1 ' And then after reviewing the wrongs which the Boers had heaped upon the Uitlanders, he continues : — ' Would we bear it ? I trow not. Out of this condition of things has come the irritation that has burst forth into war. And naturally it seems to me, 1 believe inevitably ; and I be lieve ut every point the English have been right. That is, every point of importance. I do not say there have not been individual wrongs, grievances, irritations. But the contention of England— the main contention— I be lteye to be a righteous contention. And when England wins, as she will, it will mean not oppresion to the Boers, not even the kind of oppression they have exercised over the English. It will mean liberty, education, enlighten ment. It will mean every good thing for the people concerned, whether they be British or Boers.' In considering our reverses we can see now, to use the words of Canon Gore, that we were the victims of an. amazing miscalculation, bred, it is to be feared, of our self-confidence, and our pride, the outcome of that spirit which of old said, ' Is not this great Babylon which I have buildcd?' And out of this rash miscalculation we passed into a period of terrible and humiliating anxiety. It did, as wc trust, in many ways, deep,* profound good. We began to realise DUr responsibilities. The glow of a patriotism, which had more of self sacrifice in it, awoke as it had not iwakoned for several generations, and flowed in our hearts and spirits. We knew what it was to bo drawn to- 1 aether under the impulse of an absorb ing and a common anxiety. It drew out jthe splendid self-sacrifice, which in such times always appears in our soldiers, high and low, rank and file. More than all, it cast a glamour, a re ligious light and feeling, over the thoughts of tho nation a3 a whole. There has been a real drawing tosvards the God of our fathers, and a dis satisfaction with the sense that self confidence and material pride are a good basis for a national life. And now there has come reaction. We have experienced a profound re lief. We realise what philosophers have said— that joy is not so much anything positive as the absence of a grievous pain. Wo realise, nt least, what joy there is in merely being de livered from a great terror. Wo do well to rejoice ; but what is to be tho end of our rojoioing ? You know what tho Psalmist says, ' I will thank the Lord for giving mo warning.' Jt wa3 warning— not judgment ,of dis aster ; but warning. And bitter would it) be to every thoughtful, re ligious heart, if in the reaction from a great anxiety we lose those deeper lessonB. You remember the refrain of Rudyard Kipling's Diamond Jubilee Recessional Hymn, ' O God of Hosts, be with us yet, lest we forget, lest _ we forget I' I fear we were forgetting, and we will thank the Lord for giving, us warning. It is a mean spirit, which is driven back upon God by calamity and dread, and casts off the tnougnt ot JULim wnen anxiety ia uici. It is a fact that God rules nations by^ a moral Government. God's opera tions work slowly, and the area of them is so vast that they escape our attention. But you cannot read his tory on a great scale without seeing that it is in fact true that the only possible ultimate maintenance of national greatness is national good ness. It is a nation- fearing God, and working righteousness which alone can sustain its high destiny. Sin in all its manifold form is inevitably the root of rottenness and social decay Right eousnass exalts, and sin disintegrates, -a- nation. ? And now to conclude, as to the work which lies before us, I must refer you to the business paper. Here is little that calls for comment, except to say that I regret that one ordinance was allowed to appear as about to be intro duced, which I could not possibly con sent to. Let us once establish a pre cedent for the mortgaging of church property to meet current expenses ; let us once, I say, establish this prece dent, and it needs not a prophet to predict, that before many decades have passed, we shall have no property to mortgage. For the rest, let us en ter upon our -duties in the spirit of meekness and gentleness, forhearing one another in love ; and let us pray to the Holy Ghost for wisdom and right judgment in all things, that, even this, our service of tables, may be sanctified, and abound to the greater glory of God. 