DISTINGUISHED PROTES TANT PREACHER. DR. DeCOSTA JOINS THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. For a long time it has been predicted by some and feared by others, that the Rev. Dr. B. F. DeCosta, who resigned the Episcopal ministry in New York in Sep tember last, and afterwards gave up his membership altogether, would enter the Catholic Church. This has now actually taken place. On Sunday afternoon, Feast of St. Francis Xavier, he was for mally received into that faith in the cha pel of the Sacred Heart Convent, Seven teenth-street, New York. The occasion was private, and only a few Catholic and Protestant friends were present. Most of those who have heretofore left the Episcopal Church have been of the Ritualistic class, but Dr. DeCosta. has never had much of anything to do with the Ritualists, except to preach for theni mechanically. He has held them as imi tators doomed to extinction in the near future by the Broad Church movement, now far advanced. He holds the Ritual ists to- be extreme Protestants; still he had so much sympathy for the Sacramen tal system that at one time the Ritualists expected that he would join them; but he was looking beyond, and pronounced the movement "unreal and hopeless, forming a pseudo Sacerdotalism, uncatho lic in its spirit and method." He began the struggle against heresy many years ago, in connection with the Heber Newton Case, framing and signing a presentment in connection with the late Professor Buel, of the Episcopal General Theological Seminary, and the Rev. Dr. McKim, now of Washington. The former Bishop of New York, Dr. Horatio H. Potter, put the "case m the pigeon hole, and his nephew, the present Bishop, declined to take it out. Dr. Newton has, therefore, had his own way ever since, and took for his assistant the clergyman who now calls the Prayer Book a "rigmarole." He has had little en couragement in the line of "Church de fence," and, with a strong letter to Bishop Potter, he gave it up. No one should be surprised by bis de cision, as a long while ago, in the course of a letter to the "Church Standard, by which he is now violently opposed. Dr. DeCosta said that, if he could not stand on the Episcopal platform, he would go to Rome." He has kept his word. Since his resignation from the Episco pal ministry, according to what is 6aid by those in close touch with him, he has had invitations to join many denominations, including the "Reformed Episcopal, The Catholic and Apostolic, and the Old Catholic." The editor of the * Indepen dent" invited bim to cast his lot with the Congregationalists, which, with a broad smile, it was declined. Singularly, an attack upon him appeared in the next number of that journal. The notion seemed to prevail among a class that his trouble lay with the Scrip ture question solely, but, as is now the case with many clergymen of the Episco pal Church, it stands related to the whole system. The late Bishop Williams pre dicted departures to Rome. Dr. DeCosta is not eligible to the priest hood on account of hiB mamed state. He has declared his intention, however, to re turn to literature, which long occupied his attention, and devote himself to writ ing and lecturing, for which purposes he has made ample preparation by study and travel in foreign countries. DR. DE COSTA'S APOLOGIA. Subjoined we publish the introductory portion of a statement by Dr. De Costa, giving his reasons for becoming a Catho With profound gratitude I acknow ledge the great goodness of God, who mer cifully lightened my path, giving grace to overcome the deep prejudice implanted by false education; and has now led me not without trial, yet with a Shepherd s gen tle baud to the fold of the Catholic Church. Faith is the Gift of God, and, whatever agents may he employed, pri marily, it is God the Holy Ghost, Sanc tifier of the Faithful, who must be our Guide. My course, therefore, in enter ing the Catholic Church may not be as cribed to any mere human imP^®^ and vfet I must indicate the mode of thought that stands connected with so great a change. The change is not the work of a day or a year. The process began very long ago. Those who were near me plainly saw that my theological views were undergoing evolution, and that 1 was outgrowing the system in which I ha been trained. On the other hand the community at large, or at least the obser vant portion familiar with the tenden cies of Reformation theological systems, must see that the position 1 take is inti mately connected with the great changes in modern thought. The sad. fallen estate of Post-Reformation belief has forced upon me a reconsideration of prin ciples, the result of reconsideration being the conviction that the Reformation was not based upon any true foundations. The issue precipitated in connection with the Biblical Criticism forms only one of many difficulties of the Protestant situation, and I came to recognise the Re formation of the sixteenth century as, theologically at least, a monumental failure, a revolution, in fact, against the Catholic and Apostolic Church. The world is now becoming more and more aware of the nature of that move ment, and the passing of studious Angli cans over to the Catholic Church, should not, under the changed conditions, be deemed phenomenal. For the last forty or fifty years an impressive procession, composed of clergy and laity, has been moving on from Canterbury to Rome. The significance of this spectacle is too evident. It cannot fail of application in connection with new individuals. It would be idle at this late day to credit Tecent examples to impulse, misunder standing, or transient emotion. The cur rent is as steady as the flow of the Gulf Stream, and points to world- wide causes. The Romeward movement is prompted by a re-reading of history and an increas ing knowledge of the issues involved. It is guided by an irresistible logic. The individual example is significant when furnished' by men of large learning and incorruptible character. Persons of this stamp carrry with them a weight of au thority, and their case serves to indicate the strength of the reaction in favor of the Catholic Church. These unusual testimonies possess evidential value. Newman's "Apologia" and Ives' "Trials of a Mind" not only serve to blaze a path through the dim, tangled Anglican wildwood, but they powerfully convince many of the legitimate nature of the call to accept the Roman position. When thinkers like Newman pass out from their environment and render their obedience to the Papal authority, thoughtful men must pause and ask what it means. Not a few of those in doubt and unable to make an original investi gation, might reasonably accept the ex perience and sounsel of men like John Henry Newman. For myself, however, I may say, that, if the gifted author of "Lead, Kindly Light" had never spoken, and if Manning, Faber, and Wilberforce had never lived, my own mode of think ing must inevitably have led me to my present faith. The Protestant world has now reached the advanced stage predicted by Newman, and its acute symptoms fur nish especial reasons for leaving Angli canism that never existed before. The moribund theologian may not be aware of the state of modern thought, yet, never theless, when the curtain of the twenti eth century rises, men of alert sense and ingenuous minds will recognize a new world. Living men among non-Catho lics are even now somewhat conscious of the actual religious conditions. This is one explanation of the "Higher Critic ism," which has discovered that the whole Reformation system is in peril, proposing to meet the emergency by the use of a reconstructive criticism which forms simply a sop to the Cerberus of un belief, strengthening the appetite it would appease, creating a demand for still more preposterous propositions, and piling dif ficulty upon difficutly, Pelion upon Ossa. 