iIN MALE ATTIRE. I A ROMANCE OF THE DAY, FOUNDED ON FACT. \- By JOSEPH HATTON. Author' of "Under tfae Great Seal," "Cap* tured :by Canni'bals," "The Gay World," "In Jest an-d Earnest," "The Abbey,'*' Murder," "John Needham's Double," "By Order of- .the Czar," "\Vihen Greek meets Greek," &c.;, &c..; [Published by special arrangement, with. th# auiktr. All Tights reserved.] CHAPTER III.-ZELItA BRITNTSTEN At HOME. '?'Shore and ye know I'd lie waitan' up for ye, if ye never came at all at all," said Mistress Bridget O'Hagan, or the Park side boarding - house, as. she unlocked 'her front door and followed her favorite boarder into her own private parlor, where a savory concoction, in a stew-pan, was simmering on the stove. "'And if I wint to bed, who'd kape the fire goin' and the supper hot, and give ye the cheery; welcome?" "You are kindness itself Bridget, dear; but you had much better let me have * latch - key," Zella Brunnen replied. "And fret me soul out listening for ye, and dr'amin' the very life out o* me?" "You let Mr. Glencoe have a latcH-key." '."Who the diwle cares what becomes of .Ould Glencoe?" Mrs. Ferguson has a latch-key and she'd a decent body." "Dacent enough; pays her rint to the day; but I'm corrtint to l'ave her in the hands of the Holy Mother, who, heaven save me, she's on such familiar terms wid, ye'd think they was first cousins! Nor no, my colleen, it's myself tha!t loves ye too well to 'have ye comin' home wid the fire out and no supper. To the diwle wid1 latch-kays; I'll "be yer latch - kay, mi dar« lint." "God bless you. Bridget O'Hagan J vou have been a mother to me since the first day I set foot in your 'house. It's only; out of consideration for you that I have asked for a latch-key, but never again, dear; and I wouldn't have kept you up to« night, but I wanted a day off at the gym* nasium." She had flung aside her coat and bonnet, revealing a young woman of some two- and twenty summers, of more than medium height, and, as we have already under stood, more than passing fair. Her light browTi hair was pinned up in a knot at ."the back of 'her head. She had large, greyish-blue eyes, with dark sweeping ladies, and eyebrows that marked a low, well-knit forehead. A genial mouth, but with firm, clean-cut lines; a mouth that could laugh and cry, and could threaten, too, and command, if need be. It was a "face not easily forgotten, not beautiful from the sentimental painter's point of view; but the face .of aa ideal Maid of Saragossa, or Grace Darling, -the face a novelist might choose for the heroine of a romance of feminine nobility and adven ture. j "A chicken stew wid oysters! I wint to the market for that same meself, and I says to Mary O'Neil, says I, 'Now cook it as if it was for an Oirish queen,' I says. Aud it's 'hard I've found it, to kape from ~ makin' free wid it meself; the stame of it might 'have timpted a saint." "My dear soul," said Zella, getting up and pushing a plate towards her. '°A-nH here am I, 'just a selfish baste,' as you would say, gobbing it like an hog." "Get away wid ye! I've had my sup per these two hours, and a drop o' the cra tur' besides. Ate it, iwery spoonful, or I'll give up kqusekapin' and l'ave ye to forage for yerself." Mrs. O'Hagan thereupon laid a soft hand upon Zella's shoulder, and Zella ate her supper without further pro test. "It's a shame, that it is, for Mr. Dex ter make ye work so hard." "Nay, he's kindness itself. I knew that his letters and reports of the day were of great importance; that he would want clean transcriptions of them all by 4 o'clock to-morrow. Furthermore, I knew that I wanted to be at the Athletic Club prize meeting by noon. So, when he had said "Goodi evening," I just slipped back into his office and set to work. "It's mighty ridh 'he must be, to have an office and rooms besides, at the Palmer House." "But he is ridh, very rich;" "Then, bedad, he might pay ye more than he does." "It was 12 o'clock by the time I was through; and by good luck he had gone to Louisville, so I had the office to myself; and to-morrow I am going to win the tra peze prize, and perhaps the first for swim ming." "It's born strong and lucky ye are. Them ladies, that train agen ye, kape their limbs exercising and their bodies restin', while ye are croonin' over a type machine, narrowin' yer chest and dwarfin' yer figure! Says I, only yesterday, to Ould Glencoe, says I, 'How that swate angel, Zella, can kape in trim for athletics and the cycle and salin' a boat, is nothing short of a miracle; she that has such intellectual work to do iwery day of her loife!'. says I; and Ould Glencoe nods over his everiaa tin' snuff-boXj and says he, 'It's pro-dee* gious!' just as the man says in the play y« tuk me to see, d'ye mind?" "Yes, I mind," said Zella. "It's not womanly to have muscle, is it, Bridget, < dear? Feel mine." She tucked .up the sleeve of her gown, bearing a white, shapely arm, and, bend-' ing it upwards, placed Bridget's hand upon it. "Not too unfeminine, I hope, eh?" she said. "Just enough to give strength, without 'being hurtful to the Grecian sym- .. metry of it." She laughed, showing a set of white, even teeth; and Mrs. O'Hagan remarked, "?you're just too lovely, my dear!" "I hope I'll 'be as lovely as you Biddy, when I'm old." ' "I was a purty colleen myself at your [ age, Zella; wid as wicked an eye and as | light a ahtip as the daintiest in Conne mara." "That you were, my dear; and you're as handsome in your prime as one could meet beifcween here and the other end of the world." "Ah, deary, dear, it's a tug of age I feel at my skirt sometimes, Zella, and a, dimness of the eye; but I've kep' my heart, sound, and a con'tinted mind is the harvest of honest work. It's different wid yon in boys, and up wid the lark milkin', and; what not; hiwer idle; but as for radein* and writin', why, we left that to the prastes. Sixty years, ago, my dear; sixty years since I come to this country! But sit ye down by the stove, my darlint, ancf rest five minutes after your supper, and talk quiet and lovin'." The old woman drew Zella to a chair^ and encircling her as far as she could' with her short, fat arm, she said, "Now, my colleen, what have ye got to tell me?" "Oh, nothing important, Biddy," said Zella, her eyes upon the glowing bars of the stove. "I b'lave ye 'have, though. There waa a twitch of yer mouth when ye come in and kissed me, as if it was inore'n usually pleasant to 'be wid the ould woman once more, afther the fathagues av the diiy." "I-told you I was taking lessons of Pro*, fessor .Octavius Smith, the new man at the: club?" "Another new man! Sometimes I won-* der if it's quite dacent to have men tachin' ye, and ye in them breeches, very like the boys used to "wear at Donnybrook Fair, wid their long-tailed jackets and " "Not (breeches, dear; and if they, were, what's the harm. You would not (have us trying to fence and box in petticoats?" "Diwle a bit I'd have ye fence or box at all, at all. But I'm not the President and the Senate House, so what's 'the good of me objectin'? . It's a foine toime they must be havin', them two male professors: I'd have changed me sex for such a toime: when I was a young colleen." "Oh, no, dear, you wouldn't 'have done anything of the kind.' I assure you, those ' two men. are no more to us than 'mere stocks or blocks^ and we to them no more than very stupid pupils:" " "Ji ye must l'arn the illigance of mus-> cular- motion, as ye call it, and posture, and offence, why not the shillelagh? Man nor woman, for fun or in earnest, could make no foiner play, than is given to the iHigant practice of a purty black thorn." "There have been ructions in the dulf ?' about the boxing class. Many of the mem< bers think it out of keeping with the ap$ jfcft Urataljj - -..but, with light gloves and a iteat dress, I assure j-ou it ia quite pretty." ; "Is 'that so? Weil, ye must let me come . and see'ye at it." : _ ."Come to-morrow. ' There 17111 be am ex hibition during the prize competitions. If you had only -seen the use I was able to jnailce of tlie' ^Englishman's lesson thas night you 'would approve of him, Brid'get, with all yottr heart, and even goi so far as to put up a petition for his ultimate salvation wthen nest you are praying for the world in general." "Ah, aih! my flower of the priarie, it's miself that knew right well ye had some thm' to tdl me. But I love to have ye bate about the hush; it's loike the'mavis gpes fluttering around before he begins to fiirig. Now. why should I prav for that murtherm'Saxon's salvation? Will ye be teflin',- me now, strightawav, why 1 should'?" "Very well, Biddy," Zella replied, etraighteming her legs and exposing to the warmth of the stove' a well-fitting hoot, laced tightly round an' anikle in grey home spun hose, "very ?well; it was in this way, you see. . I was feeling just a little worried at.being out so late, for the street seemed deserted, and', somehow, the wind .was chill and. uncanny, what little there was, and .irry -shadbw was dancing about like a,black ghost, when, .all of a sudden, a great hulk ing brute dime at me ." ? "The {Lord save us!" exclaimed Mistress O'Hagan. "A marauding giant he looked iti the light of the street lamp that revealed as ?.wicked & face as ever was invented to alarm an, honest man or terrify an unprotected .woman." . "The Lord have mercy on us ! " murmur ed Mistress O'Hagan. f'CJamiping up.tx> me in his great m<ur \derous Ibbots, he tried to lay hands c-n ,me." . r .. "The Blessed Virgin be good, to us! ' prayed) (MSstresa O'Hagan, with arms ex tended'. , . "'VVtben am. ordinary giiiL or womam pushes a. man!., aside . ^he does so witS her ./arms --. . "Go$ defend the right!" said Bridget O'Hagan. . _ "A girl who is a bit of an athlete knows better; She thrusts with t'he force and strength of her "whole body. . I push ed him into the road." "Heaven be praised!" " "Then I- might have run; but I didn't. I think it was because I heard somebody coming. Anyhow, the next minute t'ne ibrute was facing me again. I tried; to stop him with words of scorn; they d'idn't .fitop him -worth a cent." "The -base and brutal Saxon!" said .Bridget. O'Hagan, her-hands on her hips her eyes flashing with patriotic light nine.- . " ".No, he "was an American. I taunted him. with being a foreigner. . Then a fine .young fellow appeared. He must have dropped from the clouds." "The Cord be praised!" said Bridget joy.fully. . "'If he is a foreigner, then let a foreigner protect you,' he said. But before the words were out of his mouth the beast in the jack-boots drew a knife". No body saw it but me for now another man had come up, an oiiicer, in plain clothes, I think. My father once had a fight with knives. In the South the bowie was a favorite weapon --" "Yes, yes," said Bridget. "It's tortured I am wid anxiety to hear what ye did then. He di ew a knife, and ?" [To be continued from day to day till finished.] 