Spectral Drummer who Sounds the Tattoo of Death . Who has heard the ghastly drummer of ft Coitachy Castle beat the death-roll of the late Earl of Airlie ? His snectral tattoo is ever the herald of death to the heads of the Ogilvys. In bygone times there was a drummer who drummed ft for the ' Bonny House of Airly.' The wretched player offended the earl of those days, and was tied up in his otfn. drum and flung fiom a high tower. After vainly pleading for his life the poor little drummer threatened that his ghost should haunt the ft family for ever and ever. Legend has it that generation after genera tion the dead drummer has sounded the last post for Earl and Countess of Airlie, and the roll of his drum has through the long cen turies blanched the faces of many inmates of Cortachy Castle. In 1841; a visitor at Coi tachy was dressing for dinner. A tattoo was beaten beneath her window. The lady listened in surprise, for as far as she knew there were no bandsmen i at the castle, Going down to dinner she said to her host : ' Who is it that plays the drum so skilfully ft outside the castle ?' \ The sail turned pale and shivered. The countess could not hide her fear. The face of every Ogilvy at the table was deadly white. Within a week the countess lay in her shroud. The drummer was the spectre of ft Coitachy Castle. A few days later a young Englishman who was to shoot with Lord Ogilvy, the eldast son, at the Tulchan, a shooting lodge at the he-id of the Glenshee, missed his way. The night was wild, and darkness had long settled in before lie saw the lights of the shooting-lodge. Then up the glen came a long roll of the drum. There could be no mistaking it. Who could be playing out of doors on such a night, he asked Lord Ogilvy. -'Silence/ was his only answer. It was the dead drummer of Cortachy Castle. The Earl of Aii lie died in Loudon within less than a week. When the father of the Earl of Airlie who fell in South Africa lecently died, it is said that the drummer did not sound his drum. It may be true. Perhaps he has not beaten it 011 this occasion. But the countryside will not be denied their ghost, and it may be that we shall soon hear that the spectral drum was heard at Cortachy the day before the gallant cavalryman fell in South Africa. 