Seventy Times Severn. POTZMEElS by STECIAE AEEAHOIBBKT By ADELINE SERGEANT, "ullior of "The Story of a Penitent Soul," "Jaoobi's Wife," " Roger Vanbrqpgh's Wife,'' "Tho Groat Mill Street Myetery," "A Lifo Sontenco," " Dr. Endicott's / i . Experiment," "A Rogue's Daughter," "The Luck of tho House," i«'. Casper Brooke's Daughter," "No Ambition," &c;'., &c.; leomrBionT.J , ... CHAPTER JOU.— (Coiitimiei), C \:: "Working hard and losing' money," ' said t "Max, briefly. "There must have been shameful ex travagance somewhere !" said Mrs. Bren- don. " Such losses could not come by ac cident." . ; "It is tho lawsuit that disables me,"' ' observed Mar. "Neither I nor my father' contemplated its possibility when wo took. Davley's Works. The only thing I can honestly do now is to shut them up, and" obtain a situation elsewhere." "Not in Searatield, I hope." "Certainly in .Searatield, if I can get one," said Max, with a sudden lighting up oE his eyes. " I have done nothing that' I need bo ashamed of, and I do not mean to leave tho town if 1 can liulp it. Of course, J soo that it is impossible for ino to con tinue my old ways of life in every respect. For instance, it may be better for me to- bo entirely independent of this house ; I- cannot afford now to . contribute an equal share to its expenses." " Oh, Max, you don't mean to go away!" cried Ursula, starting forward. "Max is right," said Mrs. Brandon, with icy severity. " If he cannot, or will not, pay his share, and take a part in the re sponsibilities" of the household, it is high timo that ho left us. My means are not Jargo enough to support him;" Max walked to tho door. "You will not bo burdonod with mo much longer. I shall, look out for lodgings to-morrow," ho said. His tones wcro low but composed; the muscles of his face wero sternly sot. Ur sula was grieved for him beyond measure, for sho know how deeply ho was hurt by his mother's words. She had outgrown the period of tempestuous remonstrance ; but as lie closed tho door behind him, and Mrs. Brendon broke into fretful and unjust complainings, she bent her head over a book, and allowed hot tears of bitterness, and grief to flow as freely as thoy would. Maj? wished that it was. a school night as ho strode along the streets. Then lie should liavo sometliing to do, instead of allowing tho miserable sensation of failure end incompetency to pursue him liko a nightmare. Ho had a desperate desire to inform ail his friends as soon as possible of his position. The desire drove him to Chalgrove to see Cecil at once, as it had already driven him to enter upon imme diate explanations with Mrs. Brendon. He looked up at the Priory as -he passed, and wished that Magdalen was there to comfort and advise him. She was still in London with Kuby Roslyn ; a fortnight only had passed away sinco he left her behind. Le- noro had taken Cissy to the seaside, and Mrs. Chaloner and Kate had accompanied her. Thus Max felt tolerably certain that if CJcoil wore at home he would lie alone, and glad to see him. Preoccupied as Max was, he could not but ho struck by the painfully solitary air that Cecil wore. He was sitting in an arm- chair by the lire, doing nothing," and look ing pale and tired. He received his brother languidly, but brightened -into interest as ho hoard Max's story. ' " I am awfully sorry. It's a hard blow for you," ho said, looking away into the the. ' " Pretty hard. One must expect hard knocks in the world now and thch." " I'll tell you what; you must como back In me." 1 "Eh? 'What do you mean ?" "Why, my business is going down. It wants somebody with a good head to look at'tev it. I wish you would como and take Jackson's place." Jackson was head clerk. It did not oc cur to Cecil to offer his brother a partner ship. " Thanks," said Max, " I shall not take it unless I see for myself that there is a need for such ; a" change." f As ' long as Jack- ' son does well-. for ;youj don't, 'turn'/ him 'off, to make room for mo." ' "f.. .v, ' " Jackson : does not dp well/.. Look 'into things - with moV to-morrow,, and-: you'll' see; how. they, lire going to v rack; /: 'Come, ' it would; be jolly for us to work together again;". ///' " Would it? 1 don't know that vc al ways found it so." ' " " Things aro different now. You'll think about; it?" / v- V/ " "'/'- ' . "I will. Do you know of lodgings suit able far a singlo man?" ; ' ' - "What's that?" ; ; " Mother and I/never, work together, and now that , I . can't pay my ... full share of housekeeping expenses, we. think- it better, to part company." ;, ' "She thinks it better, T suppose? Thai's a shame. Don't trouble about lodgings yet.' Come and stay with me, here. Do;: I'm horribly lonely."'. ; ".No; I'd rather be independent. Be sides, it's a long way from town." " But it will lio very miserable for you." " Tm never miserable;" " You're lucky, then," said Cecil, with a great sigh. . r- "Misery's a mistake,'" remarked Max; senlenliously, straightening himself its he prepai'ed to go. " I 'm a xviso man, of course. So I combat the error in my own .person.!' > ' . " I am glad you can tako.it so easily. 1 was afraid you would bo very much dis appointed and depressed." " Do I look like it?" "No, you don't;" and Cecil contem plated tho careless posture, the c'ool eye, anil calm mouth of the brother so unlike liilnsolf with a sort of wonder. " But ovory- one knows" — and ho hesitated — "that it "is a bit of a downfall for you." Ho was not quick enough to notice that Max winced under Ins plain speaking as though it liurt him. " 1 have broken no bones," said the younger man, pausing at tho door ; " my fall can't hnvo been very great." But in spite of bis light words, his features again wore tho rigid sternness that covered pain. He would not acknowledge even to himself that Cecil hail been cold and niisympathis- ing, hut ho felt chilled as he walked home wards. It seemed strange to him to find how easily the change in his fortunes came about, and how little it affected him. In a day or two he lied taken a couple of rooms for himself at tho house of a Mrs. Turner, the mother of one of his night-school boys, and a great admiror of Mies Iii'ngard and Mr. St. Aidan. - - Ho was pleased to find himself with poople who, as ho soon discovered, were never tired of praising Mngdalen. It was a bond of union between them. In a few days tho works were shut up. and the- men dismissed, the money was paid, and Max was free to do what lie pleased ; he had no. debts, no .encumbrances, and .a capital of two hundred and seventy pounds to be gin, life with. He liad. swallowed a qualm of pride and accopted bis brother's offer of a clerkship ; and there was, after -'all, something restful in resuming his old posi tion, although it was no longer under a father whom he respected, but an emi-- nontly nnbusiness-iike brother, whom in old days he had often- scolded for unpunctuolity and laziness. Cecil was as unpunctual and as lazy us over, and" Max soon saw that thore would -be limplo. scope for bis . energies in the offico. With somewhat misplaced gene rosity, Cecil offered to increase the salary usually given to a clerk, in his brother's case — a proposal which greatly annoyad Max, who said bluntly that "tbero was no necessity to pay him moro than he was worth; and if he wero to bo a clerk ho would take nothing but his proper wages. " So his salary was fixed at two bundled a , year— a sum out of which Max meant to .eavo half ut least. Ho was on his guard against depression of spirits, which he thought would be un- intuily ; and 'it was- easy to stiflo sad thoughts as long as the occupations uudv interests of his change of. condition were upon him ; but when, towards" Christmas timo, his .affairs wero arranged and lie him self, settled at Mrs. Turner's, he could not help finding, that his spirits wcro less go vernable than he had imagined, and that lie had a cheerless, hopeless feeling which ho called himself weak for indulging. "His remedy for it was .increase of work j. and, . what with Cecil's business, teaching at Gay Street; amateur ! chemistry in the de serted works by the river, whore ho wiui- dorcd sometimes at night like a ghost, and iiiivato study in his own rooms, ho left liuisclf very little leisure. Ursula was- al ways glad to come and soo him; but Mrs. Brohdon did not let her come very, often. Magdalen still stayed in London, Max was inclined to think that .everything ' was against him. CHAPTER XXXVI. Macd.\I.L'n's Wonk. UP.Y Roslyn had strug- mp, t'ktl past the crisis of /fr 1)"%/ ftvi '>0V '"nBSS , and enn- II (?t i aft valcscence. She was (Wk klTCfW tcrribIy weak and" Y ® HiloJV tj if Wasted, 'but tho doc- Vl iff tor declared her- to be C-— — ijs .out. of danger. She 'ssS0 ' made a tractable pa- tient in the " earlier stages of her recovery, but us she grew' stronger _ Magdalen found her difficult to deal with. Sho was wilful and passionate still, even in her. frequent moods of de spair j>nd sadness, and it was-long'boforc she showed any tigu of gratitude or affeo- tion towards Magdalen for her tender riurs- mg.jmd care. Mr. Roslyn liad gono back to Scarsfield as soon us tho danger was pronounced to. be over; and he had seen her for a few minutes only at a time, as all excitement was shunned in the hone of keopmg her brain quiet.. For some days after sue regained the full use of her senses she did not seem to recognise Magdalen as tbo Miss Lmgurd slie had occkaionallv seen, at a, distance, and Magdalen did not hurry her by giving information unasked, At last, one evening, Bho said : ' ' "Do you belong to a Sisterhood? Or are you a nurse?" . 1 "Not by profession. Mv mime is Mag dalen Lingard." . - ''Lingard? Miss Lingard of the Priory?" Yes. Call me (Magdalen , if you-likc." But I um not in ScRrsfield?" ' "No ; you are in London." '. Then why did you come? Who brought you. -Toll mo; J- Will' know." . Magdalen thought that the least exciting measure would be to tell her the' truth— or parfc.of the truth. ; ' " Mrs. Jones found Mr. Breiidori's" ad dress in your pocket, and wrote to him Thus it bccamo. known in Scarsfield that you wore ill." ; . " Who asked you to come? Ccoil? Did ho como too?" asked Rub3r; panting. .- No dear, ho did not come. He told his brother, and his brother told, mo, and then Mr. Brandon and I came down together I sent for your father afterwards." . Ruby's eyes lost something of their framed, unsatisfied expression as sho said; So it was Max who brought x-ou. I wonder at that. Hp doesn't like me.'-' And then she turned her faco to the pil low and said no more. ' Several days jnssed before she" asked ; Was Cecil not sony X was ill?" Her tone was so oluldish in . its . half- siillen oageruess tkiit Magdalen cou'.d not bo startled at the open mention of Cecil Brendon. She hud expected Ruby to show some shame— to try and hide her love for a married man— but. Ruby had little notion of being ashamed. Magdalen answered in a soft, low voice : "I believe that: he was very sorry." "I knew lie would hot-ray me," mur mured the girl. " You know, he promised —ho vowed— ho would not tell where I was gono. If Mrs. Jones had not pryed into my affairs, none of you would have known oven now." . - " But you would hardly have been so muoh better as you lire, . if nobody had ooqie to you, dear." . ; "Perhaps I should have diedi And I wish— I wish I had!" said Ruby, with a long, heavy sigh.. " Are you so reiidy to die? Have you thought of what comes after death, Ruby?"' ".Sometimes,. Judgment, heaven, und hell. I don't think I should care to go to heaven, nnd I don't Holieve hell.wouFd bo much -worse than— than— what I suffer now." . . . .. She burst' into tears as she spoke. Mag dalen put her ttrm round her, nnd caressed ' her , tenderly. Presently she looked up and .cried:.'. "How good yw are! -'.Don't j'ou think mo_ very wicked?, Why don't 'you scold .me?"- ; . " "Don't you think I kpow what it is— to feel as you do?" whispered .Magdalen, laying .her heart bare to tho passionate girl. " To love: where love is forbidden— to be sick -of the daylight— to wish to creep under tho ground and die— if this is 'what you feel, 1 have felt it too. I liavo suf fered liko you." ' - ' "Then you understand. .Why .won't they lot me dio?" and Ruby raised her head -piteously. " There's nothing in the world ' left for me. It isn't only that ho has broken my heart,.. but he's darkened and' poisoned everything in "the world. It is just us though someone had drawn a black veil over my lifoj ,1 can't: see anything, bright in it . any, longer. ; Don't' you think lie has us good. 'as murdered nio, Magda len?; I'm only a body ' without a soul— or ; with a deAd soul, in it.'; Why may I' hot kill it out and out?" - "Becauso/you avo mistaken. Your soul is not dead; it is only tortured and keonlv alive to paiu, Ruby., You would escape uothjng .by killing your body ; ypnr soul would sulfcr the moro." ' It would be change— complete change' of place," said Ruby, . her eyea tuning a hunted, pathetio ibok of. paiii. - "I inight forget Cecil, then. ' Tell me, Magdalen, if I died, should I remember him, and love him just the same?" - . "I bolipve you would." "Then there is no hope, no rest, nnj'r whore? I shall have to bear it alivays?" . " Whph; I 'felt.hs.'.you do,'-' said Magda len,- her Blow, musical . voice in striking contrast to Rnby's tliin, gasping " utter ances,"! saw that there was ho escape from myself; Whorevor I might be, in this life or the next, I believed that my soul— iny heart— would be tho. same. Then I heard of a Saviour: One who saves us from ourselves, Ruby;' Oneivlio, could and would change my very thoughts,' my very love, it 'my.' love wero contrary to His laws. I was in despair at myself ; my pride left me,, my streugth was gone; I 'could just breathe out tho wordBi 'If there is any strength, any help, to bo bad from God, then lot uio hRvo it, or I am lost!' And tho help came." \ io s continued. 