THE CHINESE TROUBLE. The Chinese cloud has speedily been evolved from the “ no bigger than a man’s hand” size to an opaque mass of great density and area covering the whole political Heavens. The Boxem are evidently now determined to treat the Christians and foreigners very much as Elijah treated the priests of Saal, and like him, they seem to have adopted as their motto “ Let not one of them es cape.” No doubt this blood-thirsty bit of Old Testament history has been read in Chinese ears by European Mission aries, who no doubt consider Elijah one of the “ holy men of old,” and it is rather a grim satire that the heathen Chinaman is now taking a leaf out of the scriptural character’s book whom his Christian teachers consider “ a man of God.” Indeed, it is not at all unlikely that the missionary business is at the bottom of the whole Chinese trouble. As for patriotism, the Chinaman has not very much of it, and the Celestials of Little Bourke Street when chaffed and teased by the Melbourne larrikin during the time the Flowry Land’s armies were being defeated by the Japs were quite unmoved by the taunts of ! their tormentors. But in the matter of religion there is evidently a difference, i and specially is the Chinaman devoted to ancestor worship. What real right have we to meddle with the religion of the Chmese 1 Of course the Exeter Hall apg'u»«n1a are based on the New Testament text, “ Go ye into all the world, and preach the Gospel to every creature,” but this practice of pinning doctrines on the authority of isolated texts leads to all sorts of im possible situations. The New Testa ment says “ Sell all that thou hast, and give to the poor,” and we never hear of any Clergyman or missionary doin'* this * o*' -'-- ^ uoing tills, save few and far between characters like St.17-e A * * — - \--—wu ^uttiuutersiiKe .b rancis of Assissi or Father Damien. Besides suppose the Chinamen said they hcad^ndan injunction in the writings of Confucius commanding them to pro mulgate them all over the world would that, will any man tell us, induce the toleration of public attacks on Christianity by Confucian Missionaries m London and Melbourne 7 As for the old idea that the non-Christian races of the earth as they died were hurled down into hell “ with hideous ruin and com bustion,” that has pretty well followed the ghost, and witch stories of our great grandmothers' day* and is no longer advanced as a reasdn why we should “ convert” the poor red, black, and yellow man. But because missionary societies have been unwise sending men —and wometa. alas !—to preach to the Chinese who could find plenty to do among the “ home heathen,” that is no reason why pig- tailed demens should not be taught a stern lesson and the tender men in black supplemented by the lead and steel of the men in red and blue j but when John oversteps the limits of civilisation and musters right and left there is good reason. The German Emperor will certainly “have it out” with John China man in true autocratic fashion, and the latter will find that the murder of the .Kaiser’s ambassadors leads to a very un comfortable reckoning. It is possible that the Boxers in their ignorance may really imagine that they are more than a match for the combined forces of the Powers whose Legations they have out ranged, and whose innocent citizens they have so foully massacred. Nothing short of some such impression as this would have stimulated them to begin an attack on the European inhabitants of the country. There is little doubt but that it would have been a most ill advised step for the English Govern ment to have followed the advice of some European residents of Shanghai by threatening to desecrate the graves of the Chinese Emperors if the British colony at Pekin was annihilated. Such a contingency as that the revered tombs at Pekin should be seized by the British or any other European Power has not entered into the heads of the Boxers at all apparently. If this threat had been made by the English it would only have been pouring oil on the fire, and have enabled the above peculiar people to re present the foreigner as nothing better than fiends in the shape of men. As regards the despatch of 200 bluejackets with Maxim guns from Melbourne it is doubtful whether it showed much sagacity and forethought, however admirable from a patriotic point of view. There was a fear once during the Boer war that England might be involved in hostilities with some other Power conse quent thereon, but the claims of the different nations in the matter of the disintregation of China are still more pregnant with possibilities as regards war between the Mother Country and some other nation of Eirope. The places of the 200 men who leave for China will have to be supplied by raw recruits, which is not desirable at a time so critical. \Ve have proved our loyalty and feeling of kinship towards the Old Country by despatching three contin gents to the Cape and the action of the McLeam Government in the matter of a naval force for service in China is certainly more generous towards Eng land than just as regards the protection of Victoria. Chiltern Branch, A.M.A.—The half yearly meeting of this branch was held at thp Council Club Hotel, Chiltern, on Saturday evening last, when ab^ut 25 members were present. The President (Mr T. Howes) occup:ed the chair. After the confirmation of the minutes, the secre tary read the balance-sheet and auditors’ reports, which were received and adopted. The following officers were elected un opposed :—President, Mr Thomas Howes, vice-president, Mr T. P. Kelly ; bon. treasurer, Mr W, Jolley; organising secretary, at £2 10s per week, Mr G. E. Mead ; auditors, Messrs G. J. Clark and F. F. Woodward. The secretary was instructed to write to Messrs Trenwith and Manger, Ms.L.A., inviting them to visit Chiltern and deliver an address on Unionism. After the usual votes of thanks had been acknowledged the meet ing adjourned. The “ Unsexed " Entertainment. — Another Act.—At the Rutherglen Police Court on Friday, before Mr B. J. Bur rowes, J.P., the following case wag dealt with, both parties consenting to allow one justice to adjudicate:—T. Drenen (Hood) v. B. Blellosh, olaim £2 5s, for advertis ing the dramatic performance entitled “Unsexed.” Mr Hood stated that the .defendant had staged a play called “ Un sexed ” for T. B. Handley, of Rutherglen, and that H. T. Handley (a son of the former, an infant by law) was advertised as business manager, and the defendant admitted that young Handley was sueh. In his capaeity as business manager, H. T. Handley handed in certain advertisements for in sertion in the “ Sun.” Whan the account was rendered Handley, although receiving a portion of the receipts, referred his client (Mr Drenen) to Blellooh for pay ment, although Handley had paid other accounts, including a portion of Handley and Turner’s account. Defen dant admitted the debt, and a verdict was given for the amount with 13s costs. The Governor-General of Australia._ It is officially announced that Her Majesty the Queen has appointed the Earl of Hopetoun, at present holding the office of Lord High Chamberlain, and formerly Governor of Victoria, Governor General of Australia. The appointment has been received with general approval, lb is announced that the Earl of Hopetoun will arrive in Australia in the second week is December. Engagement Rings from 12s 6d. Make yonr beat girl happy by obtainng one these at Rosbnblqom’s. f Rutiierglan Agricultural Society.—-The ordinary meeting ot the committee was held on Friday evening. Present: Messrs [ Borrower (President) Peacock, Oliver, King, Ray, Minter and Bruckner. The President reported having received the promise of a. donation of £3 10s, from Mr 0\. Kierath ; to be acknowledged with thanks. The following collectors were appointed :—Rulherglen, M"3-r3 Barro wes and Drenen ; Brown’s Plains, Goora madda and Great Southern, Messrs B. Hicks, Prentice and Kelly ; Wahgunyah and Corown, Messrs Burrowes and Oliver; Hower Blnck Dog and Norong, Messrs Dagay and King ; Upper Black Dog and Lilliput, Miners Peacock and O’Grady ; Springhutst, Messrs O’Brien and Wigh ton ; Chiltern, Messrs Burrowes, Cock and O’Grady; Barnawartha, Messrs Rean ' and Douglas. The President, Vice-presi dents and Messrs Minter, Ray and King were appointed a committee to revise the prize list. C incert at Lilliput.——On Fridav night last a very successful concert and coffee supper in connection with the Presbyterian Church took place in the Lilliput State bchooi. The school waB quite filled with an appreciative audience, who seemed to thoroughly enjoy the entertainment. Mrs Dixon, of Lilliput, kindly lent her piano, and Miss McLennan, assisted by Miss Withers and other ladies, kindly provided the refreshments for the supper; and much credit is due to these ladies for the success of the event. The programme was ar ranged by friends from Rutherglen, and comprised the following items :—Overture (violin aod p anoforte), Mre Beatty and the Misses Murray; duet, “ Thy Face,” Miss Wheeler and Mr McKenzie ; solo, “ Islaud of Dreams,” Miss Hutton ; recitation, “ The British Lion and Cub3,” Miss Robins; solo, “Daddy," Miss N. Bell; song, “ Haney Lee,” Mr Hulme ; recitation, “ Our Folk,” Miss Gulliver; song, “ The Lime TreeB by the River,” Miss Wheeler ; reading, “ Our Hew Min ister, Mr Robins ; song, “Edinbro’ Toon, Mr McKenzie; recitation, “ The ] Bachelor Tax,” Miss Robins; song, “ PU uol Leave my Mother,0 “ Jim” ; reading, “ A Proposal, ’ Mr Robins ; song “Enoch Brown,” “ Jack” ; recitation, “ O’Grady’s Goat,’ Miss Robins ; song, “ My Curly Headed Baby,” Miss Hutton ; duet, “ Will ye no Come back agin,” Mr McKenzie and Mrs B-atty ; violin and pianoforte selection, Mrs Beatty and the Misses Murray. The Rev. W. J. Carlton occupied the chair and at the conclusion prepared a hearty vote of thanks to Mrs Dixon for the use of her piano, and to Miss McLennan and her assistants for providing the refreshments; also to Mrs Beatty, Mr and Miss Robins, and the other Ruthergleu friends, for providing the programme. After supper, which was splendidly got up, all went home feeling quite sa'isfied with the event. Roman Catholic.—On Sunday last the : Rev Father O’Connor announced that it was the fifth anniversary of hia first visit , to Rutherglen as Parish Priest. During i the five years that he has been in charge of the parish from Corrynng. on , the Murray, to Horong, over £8300 had , been spent in improving the church pro perties throughout the district. Ha also stated that the nuus who were to take ; charge of the Rutherglen district would visit this town on Wednesday next, for the purpose of inspecting the residence recently purchased, and to ascertain the improvements necessary. r£g-250 Gold Brooches to select from and at prices which must command atten tion at Rosenbloom’s. Corowa Show. — On Saturday next Messrs A. A. Piggin and Co. will sell by public auction at their rooms, Sanger St., Corowa, the booths and privileges in con nection with the forthcoming Annual Corowa Show and Races ; they will be sold separately. Special interest is attached to these events this year, owing to the visit of the Governor of Hew South Wales, and purchasers of the right to the publi can’s booth, fruit stalls and luncheon rooms should do well out of their ventures. The right to cater for the Governor’s party and distinguished visitors will be sold separately. Ovens and Murray Dairy Company.— At the ordinary monthly meeting of directors held on Wednesday the usual reports showed that 58,271 gallons of milk and 2193 lbs of cream were treated during the month ending 30th June, manufacturing 28,879 lbs of butter. Accounts were passed for payment amounting to £1135 15s 8d, an average price of 4d a gal. being paid for milk. The directors also decided to erect another creamery at Wooragee Horth, near Barna wartha, as the requisite number of shares had been taken up and the milk supply guaranteed, Messrs J. Bartram and Son :,were appointed to act as export agents for Ithe Company’s batter daring the incoming season. The balance sheet now in the hands of the shareholders indicates that a very prosperous half-year’3 work has been completed, the Company being now com pletely oat of debt. Suppliers may an ticipate even better prices for their milk than they have been receiving hitherto. Messrs Hogan, Mooney and Co.—The attention of publicans and retail store keepers is particularly directed to the ad vertisement, in another part of this issue, of this firm of importers and merchants, in Melbourne. They are sole agents for the “Sunny Ceylon” brand of teas, well known for purity and flavour, and the most eminent distilleries of Scotland and Ireland, as well as “ El Universo” Havana cigars. They are likewise importers of various descriptions of whisky, brandy, wines, table delicacies, oilmen’s stores, English and Scotch ale, and champagne. That their business is rapidly extending is shewn by the fact that the firm have found it necessary to erect additional premises, which they will be able to occupy about the end of this year. It is to the credit oE this firm that they appear on the list of donors for the extinguishing of the debt on the Melbourne Hospital, as contributors of the handsome sum of £100. Hargreaves Estate. — A meeting of creditors in the insolvent estate of R. S. Hargreaves, Rntherglen, engineer, waa called at Chiltern on Saturday, the assignee, Mr Woodward, and one creditor being present. The Chief Clerk, Mr Basse, disallowed two proxies, pre sented by a creditor, Mr W. E. Canning, as they were not in accordance with the Insolvency Act 1900, which say3 a proxy shall be endorsed either as a special or general one ; this was not stated on the proxies. Next, the Chief Clerk pointed out that it was necessary for a quorum of three to be present, bat as the assignee was one of such quorum, and as the 1897 Act specially prevented an assignee voting for the appointment of a trustee, il thereby he was gaining any I remuneration, a quorum was not I present. The meeting was therefore de-ll Glared closed and Mr Woodward became I • tha trustee to wind up the estate. 