Eastern Extension Company. It is amusing to witness incidents in the conflict already being waged between the two great so-called all British cable companies. One of these companies is a reality ; the other is a sort of ghost, wandering about as if seek ing a body in which to locate itself. The Pacific Cable Compauy, so called, is that same ghost. It is seeking to take on a corporate form, by linking together tho Imperial Government and tho Governments of Canada and Australasia. They would form an ill-balanced corporation, hut it might be successful from the stand point of imperial ambition and expenditure. It oan never he thought of as a corporation doing business on business lines, and in a business-like way. The object of promoters of this Pacific oahle was to break the mono poly enjoyed by the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company. But bofore the said Paoiiio Cable Company will be able to reaoh its great adversary with a view .to strangling him, the said adversary may com pletely asphyxiate the said Paoifio Cable Com pany. A committee, offering advice con cerning the latter, has recommended that a certain tender he accepted. In brief, they recommend that a bell should bo lying on the domestic cat ; the difficulty is to hang that bell. The o(her '-company is doing such an enormous business, that it ean afford to lower' its tariffs, and before tho Pacific cable can be laid, ' tho tariffs of the othor company will be lowered to a figure that will "defy competition savo at a loss to the "All British " company. Tho cable, by way of tho Cape, will he at work from end ' to end within about ono year. Should . the Pacific cable be laid in the same time, wo shall have two cables cutting into one another for the common benefit, with the certainty that the old company will ' never- < theless make money, and that the new com pany will as surely lose money.- But, never mind. The loss will be shared and suffered by . State Governments, which ' are so made that they can lose ' money without shedding tears. Wo must never overlook the fact that the. "All British" Pacific cable must always bo a one- horso affair, and parti-' oularly alow. Lot it not he forgotten that tho working speed of a cable varies inversely as the square of the length of the' cable ; the unit being fixed, it fallows that a cable two thousand knots iu length will carry only 37J letters per minute. Should a cable as large as the largest core ever yet laid he put ..down, it would, in - this case, carry only 60 letters per minute;., whereas thjj present system carries many times that number of words per minute ; and the " nil British '.' osble via Cape Colony will bo about equal to the present system. Those of us who have opposed the Pacific cable project because it involves Government guarantees where; if the projeot -were good, private enterprise would take it up, will of course share in tho common .joy. -of having, a. ohoaper service than , if the Pacific cable promoters had never entered the field and our joy will be still greater if we can get the still cheaper service consequent upon' the aotual working of the two cables. The only fly in . the oint ment, for us, will he that Queensland must share iu the loss suffered re the Pacific cable, whereas the lion's sharjf any benefits derived through that cable will bo apportioned to our southern neighbours. Up to the present, however, nothing more has been done than making a -suggestion that a tender said to have been put in for laying the cable should be accepted. 