Late Items. A Gbeat Jewelleby. Establishment.— Visitors to Sydney during the Commonwealth festivities will doubtless, find sufficient time for an inspection of some of the big business places in the city, and one which will attract not the least attention is A. Saunders' mammoth jewellery establishment, George-street, opposite the Redfern Railway Station, and which is generally aamictea to oe tne nnest oi its Kina in Australia. During the past twelve months this business has by the enterprise and energy of its proprietor made wonderful strides, costly improve ments and additions having transformed it into a veritable fairyland, emblazoned by a display of jewellery, watches, clocks, cutlery andplnteof every description and variety of designs unsurpassed in the southern hemisphere, and whioh can be obtained at prices within the compass of every purchaser. The electric trams run past the door, and to miss an inspection of this magnificent exhibition would make the visit of our readers to the metropolis certainly incomplete.* ' Sidelights?' — In the column of ' Sidelights,' writen by ' Vandorian' f or the Evening News, the following 'racy' item occurs : — Preparations for the visit of their Boyal' Highnesses, die Duke and Duchess of York, go on apace in Melbourne. No lady in Toorak, who considers herself a lady, allows a day to pass without draping herself in a winding sheet. Not from any desire to expire gracefully in the Royal presenoe, but from a firm determination to walk backwards in a Court train without tying her feet ina knot. Housemaids tell thrilling tales of dusky rooms at twilight. Rooms haunted with ghostly figures wrapped in long white sheets, who curtsey in the gloaming before wardrobe mirrors ; figures that bend low, with weary monotony, as they advance and. retreat. The Btory goes that a country girl engaged as an under housemaid in a Toorak mansion rushed shrieking through the corridors one bright moonlight night- With ohattering teeth she told her story, and refused to remain another night in a haunted house. ' For,' said she, ' therVs np luck in any place where you sees the missis' ghost walking backwards, and kissing of 'er own 'and.' . . CketjUnly the best medicine known is Sander and Sons' Eucalypti Extract. ,. Test its eminently power ful effects in coughs, -colds,, influenza — the relief is instantaneous. In serious cases, and accidents 'of all kinds, be they wounds, burns, soaldings, bruises, sprains, it is'the safest remedy— no swelling, no in flammation. ? Like surprising effects produced in croup, diphtheria, bronchitis, inflammation of the lungs, swellings, eto. ; diarrhoaa, dysentery, diseases of the kidneys and urinary organs. In use at hos pitals and medical olinies all over the globe ; patron ised by his -Majesty the King of Italy ; crowned with medal and diploma at International Exhibition, Amsterdam. Trust in this approved artiole, and re jeotaU others.* In connection with the visit of the Duke and Duchess of York, it is reported that Sir Daniel Cooper and Sir John Madden will be appointed to the peer age, and that the Earl of Hopetoun will become at least a marquis. Messrs. P. L. O. Shepherd & Son, of Darling Nursery, Waterloo, and 202 Pitt-street, Sydney, arc sending ont Orange and Lemon trees, of the very best quality, at moderate prices. They also have a choice collection of Oamillias, Bouvasdias, Dahlias, and all kinds of Trees and Shrubs. They have also a large and .varied collection of Seeds, suitable for the field, farm, -and garden. Their Catalogue is issued free to all applicants, and contains a full list of all their BtocV, aa wall as useful information on gardening matters generally .* ' . . ?? Mr. G*Sullivan proposes to proceed early in the year with most of the loan works which run into £1,242,000. . . . ? 