pftpJ/W.-- 1 - /' "THE MASTER CHRISTIAN." ' " ... 5 lapie Coptili's New ' Book. > „ "To ail those Churches who quarrel in the name of Christ" is the uncompromising dedi cation of jMtss ivflairie Gorelli's new romance, \- Tne Master Christian.' \- The story begins at Rouen. Cardinal Pnnnvo fo n Vilrrh- mtn/lorl nVirdeHnti r»re- lute, the one' good priest ot the briok. He is >:; staying at Rouen in a poor Inn, heing too sim ple to accept the hospitality of the archbishop at his ecclesiastical palace. . . .. , "('The Divine is condemned to die in' all pafaces,' hp. would. say, 'It Is only, in the gl" rjous world of Nature. . . that. the good in , "us can live.- . . The Saviour always taught . His followers, in the open air.' ,",: , ' . . Though this is iiretty, It is ha'rdliy the exact Rruth. , ,At Houen the good.eardlnal. picks lift a poor Riomeless'boy. ! . Here is Miss Corelll's descrip- Itlon of hinv — , . . I . "What a sad face' he. Had!— worn and / (Weal-y, yet beautiful!— what eyes, heavy with I the dews of sorrow, yet tenderihyon in pain!" ' < This boy is .the Christ himself. By His Jidltbe good cardinal cures, a. little lame bqy 4if his Infirmity, and turus, the .rebellious son of the innkeeper into an industrIous.and obe dient youth. ... ; I. IN WICKED PARIS. ' : ! 'At Houen, Miss Corelll'corhmences her tirade against the Church in her drawing of the (Worldly archbishop; but "it is later, at' Paris and Hdme/that'Sh'e develops her attack. Paris,' Where the Cardinal lirs't'proceeds,' is indeed a pest of wickedness. : ' '' "As godless; as hollow to the very- core of rottenness as her sister of ancient days, wan ton 'Lutetla' Sidney— with a' ghastly and-un-' natural lustre as of phosplioreseent luminance arising from old'graves!" The 'grammar Is obscure, but the denuncia tion at leaBt is robust. Here the Cardinal stays with his niece, An gela Sovranl, one of ' thoSe' wonderful women genulses beloved by. Miss.'Cdreili. ' .'Angela is a painter, also "'a rare type of her Sex— un like 'any other. w;oman. In 'the world." ' "Her ' eyes were violet-grey In hue,' and drowsy lidded, .with long lashes that swept the delicate pale cheeks in' a dark golden fringe of shadow. . Her face, form, , voice, and colouring were like a chord of muslo i— harmonious." , r . : After this' we are not surprised 'to hear that she has the . genius of . "a Mtirillo or a'Ra- jihaei," and . that she. loves a fellow-artist who .was quite'un worthy ;o£ her. Plorlan.rthat is Ills name, writes her -verses, "for most Itali ans write verse as easily as they eat maca roni." -At Angela's house we meet a good English Socialist, a wicked Marquis, and a still wickeder priest. The priest; the Abbe Verg- i-AtiSrhns an illegitimate son. , Nearly all the priests in this book have. This son has vow ed to shoot his father to avenge his mother's shame. The abbe, under the influence of Cardinal Bonpre, repents his sins, and makes a public'honfession, ait the conclusion of which Iris- son shoots him, not, however, fatally, and father and son become reconciled. I MISS CORELLI'S TYPICAL. PRIEST., . ' Angela is at work on' four pictures. One she keeps a profound secret, but the others she shows her uncle. The first is called "A Servant of Christ." Here is the descrip tion:!' "Dow- beetling brows— a : sensual, cruel mouth, with at loosely projecting under- lip— eyes that appeared to be furtively watching , each othe# across tlie thin bridge of nose— . a receding' chin- and a narrow cranium; com bined with' : an expression which was hypo critically humble, yet sly ... a type mercilessly true to the life; the face of a priest." : , There is a; great deal- of "smart" conver sation -in Angela's studio. The characters for tlie main part: speak English, though there are many French, expressions, such as "Tais-toi," "tressairit,".'-"bfen aime," and so . On, interlarded hero- and there. : The scene changes to Home. Here we meet Angela's lover and more wicked' priests. Florinn lias a poor opinion of women's work. He says to one of the ladles:, ._ "Your charming 'sc-x often succeeds in doing Very clever and pretty things; but in a man they would. not be considered surprising. You fairy creatures . are not made for fume— but for love." ' . ' Cardinal Bonpre is haled before the Pope to explain; why ho has behaved like a Christian.' 'He 1b accompanied by the Christ boy Manuel, and the Pope is attended by two of hlB coun- . c-illors — Moretti and Oherardi. The character of the first of these may be gathered from .the following:— ' " ; "Hate; Is it; grand," -a strong quality! . It; makes.nations — It bunds up creeds! If men loved one another- what, should they need, of U Chureh? ' . From; bateand envy spring . emulation and conquest!--and. -wa . of : the: -Ft Church encourage thq'vaters tohate johl!'.;; J" '-t 'After.; uttering;, tbis 'eentiment, . ,"he.' Stood pnrapt, - his liand upraised,: ids'' eyes' flashing." Compared to i Moretti, . Ghei-ardl is a pOor sort of rogue, merely .unscrupulous and un clean. ' THE CHRIST AND THE POPE. i Bonpre and Manuel are' ushered Into the presence of the Pope, who, In appearance, /Mlss Corelll . says, "suggested with dreadful exactitude a corpse In burial clothes." - So pale and thin is lit that he "might have posed as the -frail ghost of a dead Faith," as. he sat on his throne, "like a shrunken White niummy set ln a gilded sarcophagus." The, Cardinal says 'nothing to the Holy Father's charges, but the boy Manuel pours out a flood of argument and invective. The beautiful boy stood on the first step of the ithrone, "like an angel suddenly descended i at the portal -of the mummy's tomb;" and ha he listens,'- "the Pope's figure seems to grow more and more attenuated." This Is the end of tlie scene:— f " 'I speak as One haviiig authority, and not Os the scribes!' .said Manuel, with a swift, flashing glar.ee, which like a shaft of light ning sfeemed to pierce flirough flesh and bone; for, as he met, that radiant and commanding look, the jewel-like eyes of the Pope lost their lustre and became fixed and glassy, and like ' a dead body which 'had only been kept in place by some-secret mechanical action he fell . hack in his chair senseless, his limbs stretch ing themselves out with a convulsive, shudder Into stark immovability." Manuel and. the Cardinal leave the Vatican, and, feellng .it.no longer safe to remain iii . Home, depart for London with the help of the English Socialist Ave havementioned before- , A SOCIALIST HERO, This man, Audrey' Leigh, 1b a remarkable person. It is a little difficult to discover ex- . actly what he is, but Ills power will be gather- ed 'from the following conversation. " One of Ithe - Papal authorities' says:— , ; "Our prayei-B for tlie conversion of Ehglqnd s; ...will yet be granted." „ ' ' ' ; : .' "Not while I , Uye, " said Audrey firmly. v';i' ! 'Audrey is "a failure in 'tip-top circles,' " be- ' cause he neither bets nor swears nor carries , on Intrigues. In spite of the whole of the Cardinals, hov.-c-ver, -Jie . falls ip loVe with a , .beautiful Hungarian, and marries her before 3000 peopje in the East End of London at a y ; service Invented by himself. > /Mea»j?Wle Angelp, has flaiBhed her, great . picture. It is of immense size and of that al legorical nature belovedeby the, Kaiser. .. She- shows it to lier lover, arid he, jealous of her ' .fame,,; stab3 :her with -the idea of afterwards passing '/the: picture off as his. own. Naturally so" '.'foolish a person" 'gets his deserts. Angela recovers, and' is learning, at the end, of trie .riook,. to. love ' another, 'while. heiyV/ould-be haurdeVer ; -la", burnt" to "death in a'Trtipplst monastery. . The good Cardinal dies in London, and the Christ boy returns-from whence He came. Though incidentally Miss Corelli tilts at vivisectioln ; and the Anti-Dreyfusards,1 -and frequently, speaks ill of dignitaries, trie, book is substantially a Protestant fulminatlon. Here is her opinion of the Church: — ; \- "The . Church, instead of being a brolher- hood, united iin tlie Divine service of Clinst, is a mere- secular system of avarice and tyranny." .' As an appendix Miss Corel! prints some "Relics Ipf .Paganlqm In Christianity as Ap proved by English Bishops." Tlie Arcliblshops of Canterbury and York, and the Bishops of I,ondpn, Bristol, fcliester., Chichester, Lincoln, Oxford, and St. Albans are quoted. The prac tices, they are said to approve areVthe use of i incense, - the ; confessional, and hymns to the Virgin. . . , It Is a strenuous— a very strenuous— book, and should please Mr, Kenslt greatly. It consists of 034 pages, and the publishers' have issued A. first edition of unprecedeuited size- more than 100,000 copies, It is stated.— "Londlon Dally .Mail." . 