€1)e Gap metropolis. Dancing, in the eyes of the Rev. M*. Gladstone, of Nathalia, leads to brimstone and all the hot terrors of the lower "world. In his pulpit the holy man has been pointing out to his flock, which, from his attitude, appears to be a very sinful one, tlie iniquity of the terpsichorean art. He, moreover, advertised the fact that he would read out the names of the wicked young girls in the district who had gone to moral wreck and ruin through ball-room gaiety. But he stopped short of this extraordinary step, and contented himself with a distant reference (in the pulpit, last Sunday) to several cases of so-called soul destruction among the feminine members of his congregation. One young man, who had probably never gone astray, was given an order to quit the Church by the clerical Fury, for skittishly laughing at this stage. The proceedings have caused much amusement in Melbourne, where, as a rule, the ghost of Mother Grundy walks even the shady nooks that some halls boast, and a flirtation is indulged in under difficult conditions. The giddiest incidents that have occurred this season •came to pass at a Yacht Club Ball in a popular Town Hall where generous screens shaded couples from view along a dimly lighted hall. But even here "nestling" was limited, and frequent in' terruptions broke in on the cooing doves- Also, in a favorite hall out Armadale way, the grounds surrounding it wei*e respon sible for much giddiness—but really of a mild brand. The lynx-eyed gossips are too much in evidence to permit of any •other folly, and Melbourne youth are too anxious about their advancement in the social world to risk prestige by foolhardiness at a dance. Other places, other morals! But in the ball-room or its sitting-out neighborhood, dancers are fairly circumspect., and there fanatics of the Rev. Gladstone's type would gather no terrible cases of the evil effects of danc< ing. Quite the contrary! In the Gay Metropolis, at any rate, we have been indulging in very little dancing this year, and so must be written down by the Gladstonian followers as very virtuous. Society is in an apathetic stage; it wants a course of pink pills for pale people. Private entertaining is a "rara avis," and every one's substance would appear to have been drained by the leeches of Charity. But that's a firstclass excuse for the wealthy who do not like spending. That or the "tired feeling." One of the best things Sir Malcolm MacEacharn has given us, in a programme of Mayoral functions to wind up his term of office, is the proposal of a ball on Thursday, October 24. Although Sir Malcolm'had only a fortnight in London, and the distribution of the Patriotic Funds and the working of the Municipal Councils occupied much of his attention, His Worship with the oily smile and the eye of iron resolution had time to visit the Bond-street tailors and get that comfortable figure of his encased in the latest partorial glories. He has returned quite the "glass of fashion" and the—you know the rest. Sir Malcolm, who knows how to enjoy life, had for fellow-passengers the members of Musgrove's Opera Company. There are no beauties amongst them—but all (a girl gusher tells me) were nice, amiable, and friendly. They are a queer mixtures- Russians, Germans, Italians, French, and English. They all took part in the musical programmes arranged on board—all excepting Nellie Stewart, who was very bright in her own little circle, but held aloof from the rest of the passengers. My friend, the girl gusher, whispered that the fair Nellie is very passe in day, or, rather, sea-light, but is more dazzling than ever on the boards. Years pass on, of course, and the fascinating Stewart is not disregarded by old Father Time. And why should she be? He is furrowing us all. The Bishop of Melbourne and Mrs. Goe gave a Garden Party at Bishopscourt on Monday afternoon. It was a perfect spring day, so the black cloth army and their wives and daughters sallied forth in their best Sabbatharian attire. Janet Lady Clarke took part with Mrs. Goe in receiving the guests, as the hostess was just recovering from a serious illness, and was not able to leave the drawing-room. Deans in aprons and gaiters, and mild young shepherds of souls with shovel hats and mourning gloves predominated in the gathering, and the leading ladies were more distinguished for their gentle mouse-like ways than their modishness. But who ever expected a parson's wife to look chic or captivating? Her office it ia to conceal what charms she has in order to win the Crown of Circumspection, and help the saver of souls to a deanery. The influence of a good woman has done more than this for an ambitious man. Edith Crane's charms will not send the bald-heads doting, or the beaux to perdition. They are not in the least electrical, and even women find fascinations wanting in the tall, tragic Muse. She has an unsuitable part as Lucie Manette in The Only Way. She is not cut out on the pattern of an ingenue, and looks an ill- fit all through the ghastly drama. Rose Musgrove plays the pretty and pathetic part of Mimi excellently, although she is, unfortunately, doomed to an ugly wincey frock, and an equally unbecoming grey one for the only change. Tyrone, Power is the mainstay of the performance. In the character of the dissolute, hard-drinking, sterling-hearted Sidney Carton, he is thoroughly convincing and sin. cere, and well liked by the Melbourne audience. He cuts, however, no heroic figure in the eyes of sentimental womankind. Tyrone has a slouching gait, awkward manner, lazy habits, and no blandishments for stage-struck girls. So at present Melbourne theatres provide no food for Romance—no love- sighs for r Lotharios, nor dreams for our fair Evangelines. The Stirling divorce suit is the next sensation on the cards. Dr. S tin ing, who has instituted the action against his wife, is a tall, well-groomed, fine-looking man. The lady is a short, rather pretty woman with a clear, colorless complexion, and large, dark eyes. The co-respondent is Mr. Tatchell, a bachelor, a beau, and a tennis-player. The case comes on for hearing next week. Mrs. Edward. Miller, one of our most elegant matrons, returns from England shortly. Mrs. Charlie Ryan, another dashing frocker, is also expected back for the Cup. A certain South Yarra couple whose engagement has just been announced, are known in Society as "The Doves." This is all the more wonderful since the gentleman is a widower, and the lady far beyond the coquetry of "sweet seventeen." Mrs. I. Isaacs, who is of the tall, lilylike languishing order of beauty, has brought back with her from Europe some lovely frocks. Mrs. Isaacs has good taste, and knows the art of wearing her clothes, so that we expect to be ravished with her lovely toilettes. Ill-health is said to be the reason of a certain matron remaining a grasswidow in England. But Melbourne people know better. "All is not gold that glitters," nor is all married life felicitous that flies the flag of merriment. Public life is one thing, and private life another. The Tyranny of Vanity is very often crueller than the Tyranny of Tears, and accountable for much more secret wormwood. Melbourne is a small place after all, and the people mostly reside in glass houses. The engagement of Mr." Francis M. Syme to Miss Marion Gardiner, of Adelaide, has been a matter of congratulathey prefer to be called, Yorktion to the friends of the Syme—or, as Syme — family, who are so popular and hospitable as to have an extremely large circle of friends. Mrs. York Syme devotes a considerable portion of her time to Charity, and does an amount of good in a quiet way. Her home at Balwyn is a very pretty and well-appointed one, where, during the last winter, many pleasant musicales took place. Mrs. York-Syme is a sister of the Hon. Robert Reid, ex-Premier of Sydney. The second At-Home of the German Literary Club was held at Mrs. Henrv Cave's residence, Lanfine, Balaclava, last Thursday afternoon, and was completely spoilt by the awful weather. The rain came down in torrents, and an excellent musical programme was carried out before a small, damp number. Only about twenty were present out of the big crowd who had accepted Mrs. Cave's invitation. The German Literary Society is not in a flourishing condition, hut since Mrs. Cave, Mrs. D. Hooper, and a few other social lights have set the fashion of German At Homes, it may be expected to pull ahead. The Medic ladies, who row and yacht, and do all that sort of thing on the Albert Park Lake, held the opening of their summer season on Saturday afternoon last. An immense crowd gathered to see the spread of sail. There was a grand procession of decorated yachts, in which the yachtswomen figured cEirpily in their blue uniforms, with white collars and cuffs, and nautical caps. A band played lively airs, and after an hour's evolutions , on the lake the yachts put in to port, an& the "girls in blue" landed to preside at an afternoon tea in the pavilion. Earl Beauchamp put up at Government House on Sunday, and the Maddens did the honors to the dimpled Adonis. On Saturday night the Melbourne Hunt Club gave a dinner at the Grand to Lord Richard Nevill and various Nimrods testified to the splendid sportsmanship of their slender chum. They also presented him with a gold-mounted hunting crop, suitably inscribed- Lord Richard cheered the Club up by declaring he would soon be back in Melbourne again. He has said this so many times that people think his future plans are all cut and dried— but I "hae ma doots." The Australian Club ball and the. Government House ball and garden party are already fixed for Cup week. The matrons, of Toorak—as thirty or so of the most swagger style themselves—propose to give one the same week, and two or three other entertainers are also consulting each other so that their hops won't clash. So that the usual junketings are going to take place, in spite of the general "saving-up" for the Royal visit in April. Miss Janet Michie, daughter of the late Sir Archibald Michie, has commenced business as house, land, and apai'tment agent in Melb. FANNY CERITO CIGARS. The best and only true Havana. Phipps Turnbull & Co., sole proprietors, Melb. Photo, by Humphrey, Melbourne. Miss Ada Griffiths, A new Visitor at the Signof Four 'O. Photo, by Johnstone O'Rhannessy, Melbourne. Dr. Chas- Ryan, A noted Melbourne Surgeon. 