OiPlUM GATHERUM. THE most trustworthy report-Thunder. As every dog has its day, so every worm has its turn. Ahem ! Two Boers in hand are less dangerous than one in the liush. _ It is asserted that the Boers are being assisted by armed natives. An exchange designates Mittagong as a suburb of Bowral! Hit it the first^ time. " The Grand National Steeplechase, run on Saturday was won by an outsider Rosebud. Some people never will say good-bye personally, yet the bull-dog always speeds the parting guest. Sir Thomas M'llwraith, one time Premier of Queensland, is reported to be dying in London. All the way. from Coolgardie is wired the information that the local folk are holding a dog show 1 . c Merchants are landing shiploads _ of goods at Delagoa Bay in anticipation of the declaration of peace. The Chinese guns at Tientsin fairly ISuffila^Sed the Europeans at" Tientsin. Is the Caucasian played out ? New South Wales sportsmen appro priated Victoria's two big coursing events, the Waterloo Plate and Purse. London and St. Petersburg are the only two capitals that have never been occupied by an invading army. . Billiard Champion Roberts is en route to Sydney. He will meet Weiss on J uly 25\. No mention is made of his visiting Bowral. ?. ' Joseph Barton was lost in the snow at Grose Valley, Lithgow. _ Bowralites' danger is with mud, snow is of secondary importance. The garment most, essential to Chinese women is a pair of pants. Ihe Chinese ; are not the only women who hanker after the bifurcated garment. |-His teeth are loose-his nose a sight, I His head they've in bandages bound it. He went out to look for trouble last night, v And-he found it. Between the 5th and nth inst. nearly four thousand applications were received for land at Deniliquin^ Over ^ii,6od was deposited with applications. ? Banjo Patterson telling S. M. Herald . readers what a good man he is. But his letters are outclassed by those of Parson Greene, who is with the Bushmen's Con tingent. How is it the Mittagong Council missed the opportunity of sending a congratu latory message on the passing of the Commonwealth Bill ? No chance for the Federal Capital. New South Wales: beat the Queens- ' land Rugby team in their match on Satur day last. The home team won.by eleven;:, points to ten. This is' the forty- first, match between the'two colonies. ^ The New Zealand Government is i troducing a bill to raise the Governor's screw, ditto for Minister's themselves, and to increase their number by two. This should lead to another boom. > Swedenborg was a great believer in ghosts, and . could see them in the. day. IMit. He frequently rose his hat to the shades of St. Peter and St. Paul and oth>*r illustrious persons when out for a stroll. ? The German Minister for Foreign Affairs states that Germany seeks no; special advantages in China. It is just, as well; they wouldn't have much hope. But they'll be in time for the divvy, on its conclusion. Torquemada, when boss Inquisitor for Spain, had ten thousand persons burnt alive in about seventeen .years, and sent close on one hundred thousand to the galleys. What a nice, sociable, sort of party he must have been ! It is not all over yet. . At Nitrals Nek, 18 miles. from Pretoria, General Botha has roped in some two hundred British prisoners and a brace of guns. On the same day the Boers were, defeated with heavy loss at Krugersdorp. Sort of balanced things. The Chinese appear to have been lay ing up stores for themselves on earth-all. right. That is military stores. They" have guns that can outclass the European arms available, and seem to know how to use them. As the Cheerful Chow can drop a couple of millions without feeling the loss on paper they should find some trouble for the Powers. There is no less a number than three thousand on the unemployed list of New South Wales, yet the Premier is howling out about the soldiers at present in South Africa betraying an inclination to stop there. Taking everything into conside ration they will be a bit soft to hurry back, and find themselves out of a job. While they are about it the authorities should ship a couple of thousand of the unemployed over to China for a little active ser.vice. Lord Hopetoun is to be the first. Governor-General, of Federated Australia: When Governor of Vic. Lord Hopetoun made himself very popular with all classes, spending his money freely. When Lord Brassey succeeded him he promptly re duced the household allowances, and even docked the kitchen bread, and cheese, and beer. The noble Earl was. a great favourite, while in Melbourne, with the broken down swell division. lie was alwavs crood for a sov. . THE DUSTMAN. Having a tfircsit Rim on Ctaussibcrluin's' Cough titoHietly. Manager Martin, of tliu Piuivum drug stove, informs us tlmt ha is having a groat run on Chanihuilaiti's Cough Uomudy. Ho so'.lj live hottles.of that iiicJici 110 t" uiio of any other Uiucl, and it .gives gre-it satkifacl ion. In. these dayn of la grippu Miuro is- nothing lilio Ciiam liorlaiti's Couyli l{iiim.t!y to stop tlio cough, heal up tliu sore throat and lun^ aiid j;iv« reliur IVithj 11 a vory -short tinns. This sales are . grtfvriug, -i«id all *.vho'try it we pleased with, its prompt action.-South Cliic-'.u'' Daily Calumet: Fur sale by Mr. D. Morgan, Chemist How ml. 