. THE REFORM LEAGUE'S PETITIONS. The Amendment of the Early Closing Act. (To tho Editor of the " Austral ian- Star.") Sir,— The public might well be pardoned, for- . believing that. there must exist a great deal of dissatisfaction with the present Early Closing Act, In view of the recent notification In your .widely-read journal that two petitions, repre- senting tradespeople, shopkeepers, and eltl- zehs, and bearing between 11,000 and 15,000 signatures, had been presented to Parliament by the leader of the Opposition against the compulsory closing clauses of the said Act. That this Is the feeling the few members of the S. and S.R.L. wish to create In the minds of the populace we can well conceive, and It we did not Interpose there Is a possibility that they might succeed in their purpose. It Is not our Intention to embellish this letber with many Instances of the Interesting methods that were resorted to in order to Induce thou sands to nlfix their uame3 to their 'entreaty for the old order of things to again prevail. One we consider will suffice for the present. "Yes, madam," replied a weary-legged and tongue-tired canvasser. In answer to an ut terance; "I consider It was about time the poor creatures had some relief from the bond age of long hours." "You are quite right." "But by signing this you will not, I assure you, deprive the shop assistants of one mo ment of -their presfent leisure. Quite the con trary. My league considers 54 hours Is quite Bultiolent for any employee to work In any one week; Whnlt about the half-holiday V Bead for yourself ' what It says, 'and that each employee shall be allowed a lialf- hollday during each week. Em ployee shall be allowed a half-holiday during caoli, week.' " "But, "he continued, "You don't surely object 4o a small shop kept by a poor widow being allowed to open after 0 o'clock, do you'?" Naturally any person, when so appealed to on tho spur of the mo ment, did not; and thus another name was scored, as had been a multitude of others. One can well picture, or in Imagination espy, tho face of the sly- humourist solicitor of names expanding into a laugh on every such occasion as he turned, to again pursue the even tenor of ills way. The foregoing narra tion may servo to show that the inference drawn or the impression left on the minds of many who Blgned the petitions was false, and consequently our friends and co-workers, and all who sympathised with us In our dlBtress, nnd now rejoice with us In our freedom, need leei no unuue depression, or imagine tnat there has taken place a revulsion of feeling. Further, there Is llkwlse no reason for any one of our well-wishers to envy tho momen tary exultation of our antagonists at the sue- . cess of their efforts. Antagonists may seem a rather unkind title to give those who to-day consider 54 hours per week sufficient for a fellow-being to labour, but If In reality they are our well-wishers the conversion has been so sudden -that we may well be forgiven If we are slightly suspicious of their good Intentions., and even be excused If we ; cry with a loud voice In uni son, i "God save us .from our frlendB." ' The shop employees, in their own Interests, of. which they have a very acute sense, are well, satisfied with the present Act, and will, to -the utmost of their power, oppose any amendment as embodied In the petition of the S. and S.R.L. How considerate It appears— 54 hours per week; but reading between the lines this means the closing of shops (at whatever time the proprietors- desired. Just by way of argument, say an employee starts work at 11 a.m. This means with an hour for dinner, and, mark well, another for tea, that ho or she would leave work at 10 o'clock at night. In short, the last state would be worse than the first. A glorious and humane amendment. Heaven save -the mark. We' look upon the whole thing a-s a nasty, bitter pill, nicely sugar-coated, which, if swallowed, would purge the present Act of all ltls privileges and blessings, and resurrect those grim ghosts of a dark past, e.g., open shops after 6 o'clock p.m. How such were tolerated, how they wea thered the Indignation of a discerning, rea sonable, and humane people, for so long a . period, is one of those curious puzzles thlat c-unn'ot be solved. Be that as It may, we have too long suffered the Injustice of late hours, yve sympathise too deeply with the weaker members of our organisation— for me mory will recall the overworked, Btooplng figure that complained, not In language, but whose weary eyes and colourless complexion reminds one of a choice plant raised In an -uncongenial atmosphere, for u-s to abate one Jot of , our Inflexible resolve to fight on against any alteration that means not the compulsory closing of shops. In this determination, those two petitions not withstanding, we enjoy, an almost universal support and sympathy. A sympathy that was exhibited In overflowing congregations of men and women In tho large halls, of the me tropolis and suburbs. A sympathy that was expressed from almost every pulpit In New South Wales, a sympathy that waB forcibly demonstrated In the hollow defeat of the pre sident of the S, and S.R.L.. when he ventured to contest the late vacancy for the consti tuency of Phillip. But why multiply Instances. So great, so powerful, Is- the force of public opinion In this matter that those few who are against the present Act have not. dared to call a public meeting In the Town Hall of the elty to protest against its compulsory clauses, and they can only venture a step In opposition In the manner they have done, viz., by obtaining signatures to petitions, and of what value can such he when It Is remembered that throe- parts of such are made to read and bear out— "That your petitioners are fully In accord with the objects of the Act." All we desire to say, while thanking you for past favours, and In anticipation of this still further one, Is: That we do not offer the slightest objection to the S, and S.R.L. pre senting petitions to Parliament, In the iope that they may again witness shops open to all hours of the night, and tired assis tants plodding their weary way homeward, when their more fortunate fellows are enjoy ing the luxury of sweet sleep; but we do pro test, and strongly, -too, against them embody ing in any such memorial anything that can bo construed as favouring the employees, knowing as we do by bitter experience that such an Inclination Is as foreign to the S. und S.R.L. as would be a snowstorn at Bourkc In the midst of summer. Let them gain signa tures upon -the bald question of whether the public are In favour of shops being kept open until any hour of the night It pleases the pro prietors to close, and we venture the opinion, without fear of reasonable contradiction, that instead of 11,000 or 15,000 uaxnes be ing gathered to any such request they could not secure as many hun dreds, without their canvassers adopted that ofttlmes useful and easy system of visiting the various cemeteries in and around Sydney, and copying from tho various tomb stones therein the. names, of ithosa who,- In many Instances, are lying there long before their tlmo, owing to the late hours the estab lishments closed wherein they were once- em- ployed.— Yours, 62c., L. J. MANNING \ Joint Secretaries JOHN T. GANNON' E.G. and S.A.A. July 21. 