I POULTRY NOTES. I BY UOTSI'UIt. Ren the announcement was made that V. Cook was bringing out a consigti- of liigh class poultry from England Ic ia the colonies there was general in; amongst colonial fanciers, for it nticipnted that the birds would be optionally good lot, from a show of view, Many breeders who were is to get fresh strains of blood for breeding pens were on the lookout for lipment. The birds arrived by the cr lndradevi last, week, and to me lajority of them were u ' great disap- nciit. For many years it lias been my n to inspect the chief consignments lilry brought- to these colonies, 'and A- en .some occasion;- gone down the t midniglit in.hopes.of being lirst on an incoming vtwseUwith- purc, stock. » seen Crystal- l'alaeo," Birmingham ivcrpool winning birds; arrive here in pk of conditioh, and I liavo at tunes sccptionaiiy good; birds 'arrive in- the but allowances .can always be made e- latter, and the -experienced critic uickly "spot the ; cracks," .'-.whether re in bloom or out of featuer. I liave station- in stating that the "Indra- bads were a disappointment.- They certainly landed . in fair . order, but of tlie birds brought by Sir. Cool; lot, in my opinion, fit to compete in nvincial shows with any hope of get- ito the prize money. The Orpingtons i fair all round lot, but many oi the lottos, Laugshaus, Plymouth Rocks, ins, lhieks, &c.;, which A saw oil the levi would never have a ghost of a' i in our leading shows. If Mr. Cook wght his birds out for sale to farmers is suitable for the breeding of table nr tbe consignment is eminently suit- L-peeially as our export trade in poul- h always be developed by tbe infusion h blood, but to the poultry fancier ipmcnt as a whole is a disappoint- ilr. Cook has adopted a new idea lis consignment.. Ale lias mated the up ill pens, and sold the eggs laid on (age out, and these have been retailed or £1 5/ per setting. Now, 1 would ask Mr. Cook or any breeder of y what results they tire to expect ggs laid under tlic conditions referred i do not say that it is impossible to chickens from the eggs on the steamer Icvi, but it istaimost certain that the itjr will be infertile, and very little lie expected but puny stock from birds in such environment. Prior to my ;o the steamer some birds had been kI, and these may have been the pick basnet, hut one Buff Orpington cock '."aw ashore, and purchased for close liver, had all the indications and nice feather- legged," moreover, part s bird s wing leather was missing. ,,onlX blrd in the shipment 1 handled." committee of the Essendon society decided not to hold their show at the Atink, Kensington, owing 'to the of bukomc plague in the district. building is being obtained lor the S snow. W illianistown committee intend to TI ie lt<? or'pi"nliy li.xed for their the following judges have been up- loultry: Brahmns, Cochins, 11am- 1 Vtm!.10 y, S 3' Spanish, bnntams, ' 'e' mr. A, Anderson, en, nri11' 'it0 a,'Vr bu'r F/egliorns, unci l!r eiS;i r,1'- Maiming. Indian, ted and lMaluy Game; Mr. J. iMiiuile. 0''|),'"Blonf\ '/'y'Houth Rocks, lulls and export class; Mr. H. II. > » Z?S\ E" W" T- Jo,lea' A»- .' Flaniingun. The following n- own LTi Edeut,c>l1 f>1' lib 0.1 n0"':r,<Ja'T,cr3> 1'outers iim'l- 0nc»t«1G. open classes), I n'u T aml JlaSPio«; Mr. W. II. \Vi,'l- 'aiKo»a. I'autails, Jacobins; e'idiiu-- \ ) V(';;l;'iig Homers, Mr. tb 111, "T1'3' Show Homers. Sacl- ipv 11ld K'u classes; Mr. W. 11. . Viinlx? i"B aI1 African Owls; its al-n Till fV' 'lc. Orientals and lujc Cinir- lum'i V!ncty ol.tsses; Mr. Kins and Cat;e Bild3' Mr- 0. -'"of the dbv WrVte,3 in an U"Slisli joui- he i)rcb.v.,rM'C1 rtrcat,,ient advocated "llo'vinn !?n 1- FKfi3' 1 hav0 found ;n a v P, sjitisfactoiy - On an is- bit wlmnoi11'"11'0' '-'.V13 depth of flea nmi 'lnoat impossible to gel new f m cVV'f" obtlii,labl(-'. they would nhvavn rm Pel' l,,0Zen- Abo,lfc A«- i irsu,,,,.. ,!, ''|K'n(',C(l to put down my sav :i '.Ia treated them as follows:' nsert'in 111 „a wire basket, 1 i||ace (i?i!lnta ,vj'ter for 20 seconds; histiuas t ,, o i1!1 ard w'od sawdust. ' »ot mi £?. Ulea? boilcd' y« 'be course nfi fro,n fresb laid- (ly IiJJm k! 30,"« l't">»t sea relies after r""e'm,tJ3 r''e EVe'.isb "Stock- It nuiiilim. of ioi't ,u; sllrPrised lB|s bcinrr mirraV?e3,we eili;ou"tercd F ciulitions i a i J 'IePt 111 Eondon N the re .» Wl"c;h at sight am Mso add Umf D,f Pfop'tions. We rimlgmcnt rif Vi nItI'oug;li our opinion r' by anv i tverage town fancier f'o wtote ai.' exalted one, we re- | out' views received ample confirmation by what wo saw, as, for tlie most part, the fowls kept were the veriest mongrels imaginable, and yet several of their owners assured us that they derived plea sure from them, and that tlicy "thought" f'toy i;nld: , .J-ite latter may possibly have been the fact m the case of birds which wore cab wnors inhabiting the yaids m winch iiorses are kept, as here the birds are permitted full liberty,' and suc ceed m picking up a more or iess precarious V? ov themselves on the manure heaps, and from the gram which gets scattered by the horses, fn fact, few noonle are likely to he aware how many head of fowls a Lon don mews will accomtnodate, whilst it is rather remarkable to discover by experience what valuable hunting grounds such locali- ties are for those m quest of brodljy lions. At a time when liens for sicciug purposes were almost worth their weight in silver we succeed m securing as many as we desired at the average cost of half-a-crown, through the agency of a small boy whom we employ- c o? se f or brooily liena at a commission of 3d. each, and only one of the birds failed to bring out her eggs. 