THE WHITE LADY. The Berlin correspondent of tlio London ' Daily Telegraph ' writes Wo havo not hoard of tho famous ' White Lady ' of tho Castlo of Berlin for a long timo ; and a vory good thing, too, overy loyal frussmn will say, for her oppoaraneo, according to a legend of tho Prussian Royal Family, always forebodes tlio death of soiro mombor of tho Houso of Hohenzollern. A few weoks ago, however, a lacquey attached to tho Imperial Court was sum marily dismissed for avorring that ho had scon hor I Funnily enough, a young sub- lioutonafit, who happonod to bo on duty, doclarod that he too hod soon tho dreaded upectro walking along ono of tho corridors of tho castlo, and ho informed his colonel, who put him through bis facings and cross oxaminod him in tho most Borious and polite manner possible, himself thinking the incident extremely uncanny. Tlio upshot of tho cross-ex amination was that tho gallant colonel could got no satisiacsory nuuruuinmt u. explanation out of his Bubaltorn, so ho ondod by bolioving tho story. Everybody at Court bogan talking about tho appoaranco of the 'White Lady,' and so tho Kaiser got to hoar of it. HiB Majesty is not a man to let himself bo befooled, so ho sont for tho lieutenant. Tlio terrified subaltern ontored tho Im perial presonco chamber more trembling than whon lie saw tlio ghost; his Majesty, however, took no notico of his quivering lips, nnd treated the matter jocularly at once. Tho following inter rogatory ensued : — Kaiser. — What was tho lady likr. Was sho tall or short ? Lieutenant. — Slio was tall, your Majesty. Kuiser. — How was sho drossod ! Lieutenant. — Sho woro a white petti coat, your Majesty, with a white bodice, and slio had a white cap on her head — a long white veil flowing over all. This scorned circum .tautial enough, so that tlio Kaiser began to think there must bo something interesting at the back of tho story. His Majesty continued, after the briefest possible pause. — Was slio carrying any thing 1 Lieutenant Oh, yes, your Majesty. KaiHcr. — What did she liavo in her right hand 1 Lieutenant. — A candlestick. Kaiser. — And what was in her loft hand 1 Lieutenant. — A box of matches. This quite did for Kaiser Wilholm, whoso sense of humonr was immediately tickled. Ho burst out into roars nf laughter, to the dire astonishment of the young warrior bofore him. ' Woll, that will do,' said the Kaiser at lost, kindly, but firmly. ' Don't let mo hear anything more about the 'While Isidy ' 1' Then, with a knowing look, his Majesty dismissed him as follows : — 1 And tako my advice. Don't peer about in corridors for you might often see ladies thoro at night attired in whito potticoats and bodices.' 