SHORT STORY. IHE FIFTH MILE POST. AN INDIAN GHOST OTOET. (Hamwwortli.) . One ereninc, «fter ? hard d»j'a work, Otaplef, *&-» Tonne DSatrkrt Snperinten dent of Pclioe of Gbota Joinooampur, ,wos aitting before tie door of his tent, enjoying hi* pipe and itbe cool air blow ing aoro«s -the water; for iiii Penug lonn&ng; ohair bad been placed on tbe bank of the kbal or creek. mu MMiguuj ujum huo uubettvwuea, his peg glass stood at Una elbow, and hit grimy fox terrier, Oindera (so called be cause die used to spend most of her time in the stoke-hole of the steam launch), was sitting beside hiim intently regard ing the culinary operations of some boat men who were catting up fish and rolling carry masria for their evening meal. Tbe eun was setting in unsqeakable gJoi7 behind a low bask of velvet-tinted clouds, and for « moment the great orb seemed poised on the horison, era iit descended into the bosom of the mighty Ganges, whioh was just visible beyond a low desert of sandy char. A long flight of flamingoes or other water birds traced a dark aig-cag line agunst its flaming disc as they winged ?their flight to still wilder haunts, and the distant palms, like needle points, stood out in blaok relief against the sun eet glow of the other side of the river, while nearer at hand a herd of huge Slack buffaloes were, wending their way home wards across ithe shining sands, driven by a speok of a boy. Ihere was Ihe familiar and pungent scent of burning cow-dung in the air, and distant voiees sounded near. The peaoe of evening had fallen over orerj thing, and Staples was glad to be still and enjoy at. _ Presently a rather dirty-looking na tive, with a huge pugri sod brass badge, approached and presented a note to tbe District Superintendent with a low salaam. Staples took it and read :t. 'Hajiigiinge Factory, 'Tnesday. 'Dear Stages, — If you have a grain of Christian charity in yonr composition dine with me -this evening. I can put you up for the night. I bare not *®en a white face since I left Calcutta a month ago, and I have almost forgotten my mother tongue, lira accursed place is the abomination of desolation, but X am doing what I can to save something from the wreok. Since that fool E ? set himself to ruin the indigo trade every tmng has gone to the dogs, and ws are beggared. 'Yours, sincerely, 'Anthony Reilly.' Staples gave the man a verbal mes sage to the effect that he would be nt the factory by eight (the usual Indit-a dinner hour), and then- called' his bearer, whom he instructed to order round the cart at seven sharp, for Hajigunge was a good four miles off, and he did not know what the road might be like. Punctually to the time the batr.boo cart oame round with a game little coun try-bred pony named Skittles between the shafts, and the District Superinten dent mounted and drove off tbe sais hanging on precariously at the back, ap parently by one toe. It was a glorious night. Ihe moon was full, and the whole country, flat ns a pancake for hundreds of miles, lay bathed in her ghostly radiance. You oould ht v« seen to pick up a pin, or to read the smallest print ; and the heavy dew glis tened like hoar frost on the short turf, for it was December, and the cold weather had set in. The road was utterly lonely and deser ted, and not a single human being did they meet, though they oould hear the dstant sound of tom-toming in the vil lages, and see faint lights gleaming amongst the trees. The night wind rustled mournfully amongst the dead branches of the palms, and far away across the waste sounded the melancholy cry of the jackals rising \- and falling on tho still air ; otherwise all was silent as the grave. They were nearing the fifth mile post from Sultangunge, when suddenly a figure appeared on tbe bond1 ahead — 30, suddenly, indeed, that it seemed to have sprung out of ithe ground, for Staples, who had his eyes fixed on the road in front of him, had noticed nothing the moment before. It was the figure of a female, and her white garments seemed to concentrate the light of the moon, as white objects do. Nine-tenths of the Bengalis, male or female, wear white, so there was nothing peculiar in that ; but what did strike Staples as singular was that a woman should he there alone at that hour, and in such a deserted spot for native women are timid and gregari ous. Now, Bengalis have a particularly an noying habit of never turning out of the way of vehicles. You may shout, swear, and all but drive over them, and they will not take the least notice. I myseti have often seen them walk slap into a carriage driven rapidly through the streets of Calcutta, just as if they were bent on committing suicide ; and in the | crowded thoroughfares of the native bazaars the sais has always to jump down and clear a passage. The female in question appeared in 110 way different from her species. Aa she drew noar Staples shouted at her, but with no effeot. Then the sais turned bis head, and shouted too, using some of those vigor ous epithets in whioh the vernacular of India is so rich. But still the woman came on, as if she had had the whole bund to herself, swerving neither to the right nor the left, just like a blind per son. She was dose npon them, when some thing in her appearance caused the Dis trict Snpermtendent to rise in his seat and utter a sudden exclamation. But it was too late. The woman went down under the horse's hoofs. 'My God, she's killed!' cried Staples, dragging baok ithe {frightened ammal with all the power of his sinewy arms, while the eais sprang down and rushed round) to the horse's bead. But Skittles did not wait for him. He reared straight on end, and then dashed madly down the bund into the paddy field, dragging .the bamboo cart behind him. Staples had thrown himself out, and now die Police Sahib and the sais stood end' stared at one another blankly. Instead of the bleeding body of the WO- I msc they had expected1 to find', there *** notiwng. Not a vestige of anytuiug ™ ''Jnody. It was aa it the earth had opened add awaUowrt her tip. Hie king straight bund, with its dewy . tori, lay gkiatemag in 'the moonlight, ; looking like frosted silver; the paddy 1 fields were deserted; not a trace of a human being waa to he aean far or near. I 'What on earth waa the thing?' ex- ' claimed Staples, speaking English in bis 1 bewildennent, and staring all round him. 'And where can it have vanished toP' 'Sahib,' replied the sais who was shak ing all over, and whose blade face was I blanched to an unearthly grey, 'it was not a Bengali woman; it was a mem sahib. I aaw her.' '^Mem sabiV or no 'mem sahib,' where the dkkena has she gone?' said Staples. 'Kfawtta janta!' (God knows) nn | awered the sais, shrugging his shoulders, and glancing round with a shudder. However, there was nothing to be gained by staying there, and Skittles having been recaptured, they mounted the considerably damaged cart once mor«b and drove on to their destination without further aocident. Another mile brought them within sight of Hajigunge faatory. Sully came out to meet his guest, and gave him a hearty welcome. He was a tall gaunt, loose-limbed man of forty or thereabouts, in a ooat of Berbampore silk who wotid have looked all the bet ter for the ministrations of the village barber. Still, he had the air of a gentle man. Ihe two men went into the house to gether, and dinner was served shortly after in a room giving on to the veran dah. Staples was rather silent during the meal; but Reilly, who was full of satis faction at having someone to talk to, did not appear to notice the young offi cial's abstraction. When dinner was over the two men adjourned to the ver andah, overlooking the gardens. Here were plenty of bamboo chairs of alL sorts and sizes, and the Utya hearer, an im posing looking gentleman, in a stupen dous pugri and vermilion caste mark, brought out a box of cheroots and the inevitable btandi pain, which is the staff of life to thirsty Anglo-Indians. Ihe night air was fragrant with the soent of the jasmine and roses, and more especially with the heavy pefume of the flowers on a big chumpa tree close at hand. At a little distance was a thick hedge of the 'moonlight caotus,' a spe cies with winy white flowers which blooms only at night, and which looked quite ghostly in the moonbeams. At dawn the blossoms shrivel up and die, and by sunrise nothing is left of them. All wss marvellously still. Sometimes a flying fox lumbered by on heavy flap ping wings, or an owl hooted in the ad jacent thicket, where the fireflies were holding high carnival ; but for the most part nothing was to be heard but the oeaseless whirr of myriads of grass in sects. Up to this time Staples had said no thing about his adventure on the bund ; but as he and Ins host sat there in tW semi-darkness, he cleared his throat, and commenced his story, though not with out hesitation, for he had an idea tbat Re illy would ridicule 'the whole thing. However, Reilly did nothing of the sort. He sat and listened attentively, puffing away at his cigar, and throwing in an oooasional interjection or ques tion. Staples related what had occurred clearly and graphically, and when he had finished his stoiy he said, 'I daresay you will laugh at me for an ass, but the whole thing has made me feel jolly queer. For the life of me I can't account for how die disappeared!. If she had been a ghost she oould not have, vanished more completely. There was not cover enough to have hidden a mongoose, nor anything that she oould possibly have got behind, barring that D.P.W. mile post, aud that would not have sheltered her long.' Still Reilly was silent as he watched tho smoke from his shoroot curl upwards. 'It is odd, certainly,' he said, at last. Then, after a moment's pausse, 'You don't happen to believe in ghosts, I sup pose?' I 'By jingo, no ; not at the end of the nineteenth ?entury,' exclaimed Staples. | 'Well, I don't know why we should not believe in them as much af the end of the nineteenth century as at the be ginning,' said Beilly, slowly. 'Besides, ghosts are coming into fashion again since Stead took to poking them up.' 'You don't believe in them, 1 imag ine f' 'I don't know,' repliel Reilly slowly and -thoughtfully. 'Ihe longer I live the more inclined I am to believe that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy. Something strange happened to me not long ago.' 'What was it P' asked Staples, eagerly. 'Well,' said Reilly, knocking off the ashes of his cheroot against the arm of his Pemang chair, 'it was in this way; One night I had to send a messenger down to Sultangunge dispensary, sharp, to get a bottle of cholera mixture for one of the coolies who was taken ill. The man was pretty bad, and the mes senger had orders to put his best- leg foremost'. Well, he started off, but he had not been gone half an hour when he came flying baok as if Old Nick himself was after him. I never saw a man so convulsed with terror; his eyes seemed' staring from his head, Tuid he fell at my feetnasortof fit, foaming at the mouth. He was speechless ; and, as nothing we [ oould do could get him round, I finally sent for a duti and had him trotted off to the dispensary. Next day by chance Woodward, the Oivil Surgeon, turned up on inspection duty, and I told him all about it. He saw the man Buddu, and examined (him carefully ; and finally gave it as his opinion that the whole tiling wm a fraud Ihe man was sham ming, he thought ; anyhow, he could not find out anything wrong with him. But in three days Buddu died. 'Just before he went under he opened his eyes full on my face with the first gleam of intelligence he had shown since the fatal nigbt, and said, in a sort of hoarse whisper, 'I saw the mem sahib.' Then he gave up the ghost, and I— well, I have to support his widow.' '^Strange, indeed I Bnt have you no due to the mystery P' asked Staples, with much interest. 'What do the na tives oayP' Reilly shrugged his shoulders. 'What's the use of listening to baaaar gup?' he said. However, tbere is not a servant in this house who would go along that bund at night for all you oould offer him. If I have ocoasion to send to Sultangunge they always make a wide detour. It is rather inoonvement sometimes, and I have tried physical persuasion more onoe; bnt it's of no use. They swear 'ftrrii ' ? the bond is haunted, and that they pre ler a thrashing to the chance of meeting Ihe Mint.' 'Bub whoee is the ghost supposed to bef' dmanded Staples. 'Ihe woman [ aaw to-oigit was no native. I saw her (ace for an instant. I shall not forget it in a hurry,' and the District Superin tendent shuddered. 'We had better turn the subject,' said bis host cheerfuly. 'It does not do to talk of ghosts by moonlight, and in a haunted-looking old barracks lixe ti:-. Let's go inside to the lamplight ; we may aa weH sit there as here. By th» way, did you ever meet TVefusis ?' 'Do you mean Trefusis of the Civil Service ?' asked Staples. . 'Yes, F. W. Trefusis. He's at home on forlongh mow.' '1 know he is,' answered the District Superintendent. 'He found it conveni ent to leave when his wife died. There were awfully queer things said. No, I don't know him, and I don't want to. He is a bad lot from all I've heard, and I sincerely hope my hick wU never send nle to a distriot of which he is collector. I knew a fellow who was with him rnce, and he said the way he treated Mrs. Trefusis was the scandal of the station ; used to have all sorts of shady charac ters in tbe house with her; and half her time she could not wear a low-n co- ked dress at dances, beoause of her deli oate cheat, 'die' said, but people lueir better. The imen could hardly keep their hands off him.' Reilly nodded. * 'I^s all true, and worse, too,' he said, thoughtfully, and looking at the red tip of his cigar. '1 knew her well. She was a gentle, quiet little woman, with soft, clinging ways, and big grey eyes. Not pretty, you know, but with something very taking about her. He was tired of her, so he deliberately set to work to kill her with ill-usage. She died in this house.' 'Died in this house!' repeated Smi les, 'what brought her hereP' 'Well, you see— take another peg,' and Reilly passed the bottle of Exshaw No. 1, with a hand that was hardly as steady as usual — 'Trefusis was at that time acting as collector of Chota Jahan naanpur for Chichele, who was at home on sick leave; and he was out here iu camp, or at least he was at Sultan gunge. 'Mrs. Trefusis was in very ill-health (she was always delicate), and had en treated to be allowed to stay behind in the 'sudder' (this is the ayah's story), but Trefusis would not hear of it — sick as she was, he dragged her out into these swamps. 'She grew worse, and finally waB brought here in a 'paiki,' for the wea ther was hot and muggy, and the tents were insufferable. This house was emp ty then merely in charge of a 'chau- kidar,' and — well, here she died.' Reilly paused for a moment, and his voice was husky with emotion. Staples said nothing. At last Reilly continued : 'Ihe news of her death was kept quiet I suppose the dispensary baboo gave a certificate of some sort. A 'mistri' from the bazaar knocked together a few bran dy-boxes, and made a coffin. Ihe tent 'kalasis' dug a hole in the 'bund,' and she was buried — just beyond the fifth mile post, you know.' 'And were there no inquiries made?' asked Staples. 'Was there no investi gation into the cause of her death ?' 'Inquiries? No. Who was there io inquire?' asked Relilly, in a dreamy tone. 'She died of fever — so Trefusis said; and the Civil Surgeon at Chota Jahannampur was a native. You know how likely a Bengali baboo is to inter rogate the Oolleotor Sahib. Mrs. Tre fusis had been dead a week before the. news reached the 'sudder.' ' 'And the ayah : had she nothing to sayP' 'Plenty, no doubt; but who listens to an ayah's *bak-bakP' Besides she re turned to her home and relations some where beyond — the desert of Sind, I ex pect, and it is said she took a good deal of jewellery with her. But now don't you think we had better be going to roost? It is tho witching hour of mid night, when churohyards yawn and gra ves give up their dead. Qi, bearer! 'butti la '0.' ' 