MT. M O R G A N S Mx MORGANS, Sept 1. 1'ROyRK88 COM .MUTEIi . • — - (From our own Correspondent.) This evening a meeting of the above was held at TattersaTs Hotel, Messrs J. Smith (chairman) Giant, Foster and Mick'e being present. The secretary stated tint two nonr- Jintions only had been received I'M- the vacant positions on the <ornniktee, Mr C, B. Hardwieke le ing noniit a'ed by Mr H. Carroll and Mr Ii E. Davis by- Mr C. W. Price. 'J he chairman therefore declared these gentleimn dulyelected. remarking tint he knew o e of the new members (Mr Hardwieke^ p ;rsonally, and had no doubt that he wou'd prove an acquisition to the commiitee. A letter to Mr A. E. Morgans requesting that gentleman's go I offices in the imttt r of a petition to the Premier applying for the extension of the railway to Mt ri Morgans . was read by the secretary. It is anticipated tha f . hough Mr Morgans will have left, the olony before the petition is complete he arrange with some otlr r lu unber to further the petiti u. Mgurcs regarding freight, ct-, to be used in support of this ivquest have been received from the Guest gold mine, ind similar particulars are being obtained from the Westrnliu Mt Morgans gold mine, the Anaeorda copper mine, and the Mt Malcolm Proprietary gold mine Air Hardwieke. suggested the calling f a public meeting with a view to thforluation of a i ail way league. 1) cid. d that the matter bo left f,,r ih- consideration of a spp i.i| summons meeting. 'lb," completion of th. PI I I t i MI and foi warding of same was 1« fi j„ t| u> hands of the chairman and i-ecr tary. ^ No reply had I. va n eeived from the (Government regarding the grant applied for by the committee. CCK'KKT. A concrete cricket pitch is is coiir-eof construction at the Recreation li. seive. I he tormation of an association is being considered, three strong clubs b i.g already in existence, and a fourth talked <>f. The great interest shown already in matters connccted with the s^ ri indicates a highly successful sea-on. KAlll.V CI.O IMi I n const (jueuec of the rapid gnu th of (he town, th • number of assistunts (in ployed by the business people here has lately been greatly iuercied. It is pleasant to lei^rd that the storekeeper* hawi mutually agreed to (Iseive the Wednesday ha'f lm May, and to put up their shutters eanii r in the ev< ni ir. 1IOS1M I'M. SUNDAY At the respective ciurches c n Sunday hist special services were lu l l and c<jfiections made in aid of the local hospital. The congregations were large and the olfertories good ^ At. the Church of England the Rev. R. H. Moore preached a suitable sermon li'oui the text, " Know ye not your body is the temple of the Holy' Ghost." During the service the duet, " Ora pro nobis" was rendered by Mr Phillips and Miss Lanyon. At the Wesleyan Church the Rev. E. Col 'a id dames appropriately preached upon the parable of the Good Samaritan. The anthem, •• Casting all your care," rendered by the choir, and the church, under the direction of Mrs F. Allanson, was beautifully decorated. It is anticipated that, \u'h the usual ^ for .1' from the Government, the hospital will benefit to the extent of about S £12. 