. ECHOES AND EE- * ECHOES. • i REVERBERATIONS. I By IIRGH KALTPTCS.] Wanderipg through the dreary-region, the l.and's-End of the wharfage at Port Adelaide, _ known to the. residents as Siberia, the other morning, a place a m2e or more from everywhere, I saw a* solemn-' choly old rat sitting ionornly- on the-end of a whaling piece. "Oh! aged rodent," said I, "whjr-sittest thou so solitary -with ne'er a one-of thy kfth and kin to comfort thee in thv declining days? Thou shouldn't have a green old age, «?rene and lovely as a Lapland night. W hy wailest thou? 'iESndly stranger," he replied, '"thou seeat the last of the Mohicans, I msan the rodents. There was a time when we were a large and powerful tribe, and I was ! their chief, ,their Sachejn. 1 was power-! ful. - I numbered my impis by thousands j and- my Indunas bv hundreds." 1 was the i Cetewayo, the Kroger of the Rodents. Mr I sway extended from Siberia all along the 1 wharf-frontages, from Siberia to the other side of; Jewois Bridge. 1 had kraals of warehouses where my warriors dwelt, rich in main and flour, and many wives. Their children grew up amongst them like grains of wheat in the ear; there was marrying and. siring in marriage, and we feasted and rioted amongst the white man's stores. I »«ht my impis forth in the great floating houses-that the white man moves by boiling'. a big Kettle and by commanding the • wind to his service by"nushing against a great Spread of canvas. I sent them forth even to distant places beyond the great salt water, and they formed colonies and; brought back recruits to my ranks. 1 mustered my impis and said, "Valiant rodents, •sfnrpen your teeth, brighten your cunning, mid prev, prev, prev!' But now you see a King without tubjects, a chief without a following." \- What ailed them. oh Bat- fallen from tny high estate? Was it cats'/"' . lie wiped a ratty tear from his eye with a <!'.iiverinp; tail, "and replied, with, lofLy scorn—"Cfcts! nar, T care not a purr for ^ats; they are no more equal in catching rats than* the white bobbies-are to catching. Ifiolnuboun. Nay! enquiring stranger, 'twas; Bubonic. There arose a. man named Eamjec Smifchii, a great conjuror, a medicine wan of the whites, a witch doctor, and he stirred up his followers, and his Chief InduaeGe thing, by accusations that my people were afflicted with ta. feSl disease •cslled in -their, language Bubonic; a disease of boils, and he pEeactted a crusade against rats. He commanded the shipmasters, the ;mr® who dwelt in (tie floating kraals, to bum a. horrible substance cailed stdphar. through the fumes of wliieh my people died by thousands."' • ''But coold you not call your impis out until'tfae: fumes subsided?" "Nay, .'sttangea-. My people bold to old traditions, and their custom is only to abandon a sinking ship, and so, like one Casablanca, they died upon the burning deck. Moreover, our persecutors put a. nasty stir-kv substance called tar upon the ropes wliico bound the floating kraals to the chose, and oo respectable rat wiil touch tar lest he be defiled." "A sad tale, oh! wretched Eat; but art there no remnants of thy onoe- powerful race le£t?" He brightened up, and putting iSs right paw to the side of his sharp snout whispered, Jwith a wink— "Av! '.that there are. Away there up in the city there are many rats. Transvaalers arew-e, but they are Freestaters, ajad when our white'enemies tire of their fad, behold I shall go amongst .them and bring them down and raise up more'impis." . But I picked up a railway sleeper and I squelched that rat. And so shall Ramsay Smith an (t his lieutenant, Dr. "Gething, recommend me for a pension and a decoration for killing Kru- • V I -never believed in the old gag that a Scotchman could not see a joke; in fact, everv observant man has a verv high appreciationof Scottish humour . ft jg. go ge_- nuine. One' the wittiest- books on the list .is "He Cruise of the Mid(&," and also "Tom Cringle's Lor," written by a (Scotchman. Moreover, does not that delectable volume, "The Humour of the Scot," hy the author of "Oor ain Folk," fairly reek with material bearing out its title? "Yet I have at last'found a Caledonian who is an. exception to the • rule,. and cannot see a joke— the only, positively the only one—after long years of close' friendship with many hundreds of Borns's countrvmen. Recently there appeared in the Echo" column a chaffing reference to kilts and bagpipes which -tickled the sense of humour of a good' many, of my Scotch friends: yet an obtuse individual has sent -me the following letter:—"Halving been a reader of your column for some time past I have believed yoii to be a loyal Britisher, but after your reference to the bagpipes of the Highlanders I am inclined to doubt your loyalty. Being a. member the Scotch Rifle Corps. I take exception to your remarks. When we have a band of pipers, and I hope it will not be long before we have one. we shall always expect them to be at our head whether on the battle-field, or on the paradeground, our arms everready to protect them whilst piping, and ever ready to 6trike a blow at the Queen's enemies. Of course, you are not the only person to jeer at , the. skirling of the pipes, and yet it' is a' strange thing . when you hear the pipers of the Caledonian Society playing, you rush to greet them, and maybe to 'step along a wee b®t wi' the kiddies.' There must be same charm about ifchem, -else you wwdd flee- . -. . Had you been in yoor usual even-tempered form of mind you w<suld {have remembered without, dipping back into history Dargai Heights, and ,-tben during tibe present war Kibe batties of Dundee, Eland's I/aagte, Madder River, and a few other engagements where tibe fEgbfaoders (have gone QgU into) -tibe midst of tiie enemy, the pipers being in tihe forefront." My .correspondent then TWixes a-rgutnentative, speaks of brass baftds, tihe claming of cymbals, and the blare of trumpet^ Tcindmg up with a request for me to withdraw my "unccmpbmsiitary if mot dislcoral remarks," or I might possibly find the Highlanders "stem and wold." Great Kruger's ghost! Wlhait a. skit? of "Wihy, I revel in the martial minc tfie bagpipes. I feel like "tihe -maiden at Lucknow—"the sound of home' and kindred to "the Scottish ear was true" wheh e&e; exclaimed — '•Diana ye hear tihe pibrodh?" This -density of my ooaresparuiemt is the riAeSt joke of aJI. "Eh! nrcjo, mon! whaur your _ watts?" Wihy, guid braid Scofit^i if inQQC to my ear, and for the mattor-fcf \- that, T have (heard more^ good-lmmoiired skits made upon tibe bagpipes from Scotchmen "tfhemeeives -ehan ever from Englidlcnen.. \- This Soot who cannot comprehend-a jQhe is a "rara avis." I'H make\a note-of.ihim. He must ibave confined this loading-to tihe "G«vernim«it-Gaaeitte," and ouglft to take a course of "TheLitac Sun bininet," "Oor Ain Folk." "Hie Men ol the Ttfoss Hags," "Rob B»«c-," send oAers. of that ilk, but thev -would be lost upon Jritn.' Aweel! I forgive (him. 'An 4 here's a hand, my trusty friend, And pes a hand of thine, ' An' we'll tak 'a right good willie waught, For-auld lang syne. 