kdf M fffighiL'1 -Ttif rnyrrr/ fflrtltlrtf tetBunqfer kWftAtAit. [?] 3>todab Shihe pfiesn>kst- — At the j m.i.iiiji rtf Hit F!" onnrwnl yes- ; today Ure -preridenris allowance was fixed at £49, the Game as in previoos yeare, an T.ntmtlynr WtwteriMtifclrBinmwiwBd toffiOlspringfar want rfa Geconder. Or. Doyle moved thatCr. Young be appointed pSmeat-: That. gentJeman had olrora carried.orit ins duties satisfajctorily, and ror nine years he had been elected unopposed, which- showed that be possessed tim ctm- 4Am» ef the ratepayers. Ct PiiilTp, in ueoondingdhe motion, said that on two pre vious occasions tbe eeet was offered to Cr. Young, who for private reasons coold not nee bis way at the time to accept it. He be lieved Cr. Young was capabfe of carrying on the dudes er the omce wire cream u> mm- Belf and to the shire. Cr. White supported the motion, remarking that they had every |n Or. Young, who had polled more votes in the east riding than bad ever betet polled by a councillor before. Tbe motion, whuk'was supported by all the other oonocillore, was carried unanimously, and Cr. Young was duly installed in office. He briefly returned thanks and said that the honour was quite unexpected. He pro posed a vote of thanks to the retiring presi dent, Cr. Philip, who, in acknowledging the compliment, observed that be had tried to do his duty. Show Extbibs, — -As mentioned in our last issue, the entries received for the Hamilton show total over 1500. The classes have filled as follow : — Horses, 335 ; sheere 233 ; poultry, 360 : cafct!e,9S ; dogs,!!; ; and sundries, 376, making a total of 1509. This total exceeds by about 200 the entries cata logued last year. Municipal Amenities- — At the conclusion of the meeting of the Kowree shire Council on Monday, .the ire wly -elected , resident, Mr. F. R- G. Robertson, of Aorta, invited the councillors, officers, contractors, and even the general public to temporary entertainment at Crick's Take Wallace Hotel, where a pleasant time was brieEy spent in toasting the health of the president, ei -president, officers, and press, and suitable speeches were made, principally by the new president and Ors. Carracher, Hoare and Edgar. Ihe room was crowded, and the company . broke up with lusty cheers tor the " New Kowree King," which indicated that -the councillors' selection of the squire of Mortal vras a very to explain, in connection with the informa tion in bis wire, it is" understood tbatCr. Fofeydedined the honour of riection," that he sabeeqnenuy ascerlarncd that several cotmcOlnra were actually approached (in- eluding Cr. Foley), bat that each was alike in his suppor t of Cr. Robertson, and the final resell of the election proved the result in every sense of the resolution that Mr. Robertson, after consenting to act, was elected unanimously. The Show Night Gohcehts which have been previously mentioned in our columns are now advertised with artists' names and brief references to the two magni ficent mrnraiunes which are already in free curadation. Miss Ethel Benson is a great Melbourne favourite and saog with Mr. W. G. —Barker a -the welcome home to Goldierc from South Africa, and with Miss Maud White is often heard with delight at the Exhibition Building. Tbeir rharming photographs are to be seen at Mr. F. Urea's, Gray-street. Mr. John Cross, B.A, will prove a worthy associate of the above ac complished artiste. One has only to go to Geteongtohearof the-fhme of Mr. G. O. Cole as a hmnonrist in song. A winner in opeD competitions for three years is sufficient proof rb«t Hamilton audiences will be well entertained. Tbe Hamilton Orchestra and Misses Belts and May will also assist. In addition lo the concert the committee have arranged with Mr. Alex. Genu, J.P., of Melbourne, to show tbe biograph and kar- moniphone, with 30 films of humour, sensa tion and war.' These have just been im ported at great cost, and will altogether out rival - 'anything .of tiro kind before attempted in Hamilton. The box plan is at Mr. Kennan s and is already hlUug up. The proceeds of the effort are to be devoted to the purchase ot a new organ for tbe Hamil ton TVesleyan Church. Tbe committee have not spired expense in providing - a great treat, and we reel sure tueir enterprise will be amply rewarded. -The committee of tbe show night concerts have very thoughtfully reserved seats for the seven soldiers who have returned from. South Africa, and with lieutenant Ross and i Sergk-Major Baker. hope to see them on the second night, September 20. As many of the biograph films will represent in life-like manner some of tbe actual battles fought , and marches made in South Africa, doubt less it will he highly inspiring to them to review the scenes of their own recent en- gaganente, and where they so nobly dis tinguished themselves. Recognition such I as tiiis is well merited. Death of Mr. Macfarlane. — An old and respected resident of this district passed away to his long home last Monday morning, in the person of Mr. Dugald Mac Farlane, at the age of 76 years. Mr. Mac- Farlane was a native of the historic island of lona. He came to the colony 48 years ago, and for some years occupied the posi tion of station manager. He removed to this district 42 years ago, where he has resided on his farm, " Calva," ever since, attending diligently to his own business, and never took part in public matters. Mr. MacFarlane was one of nature's gentlemen, loved and respected by all who knew him for his consistent Christian character, and honorable dealings in the commercial world. Indeed he had the reputation wherever he was known to be a man of good principles. He was a member of the Free Presbyterian Church, Hamilton, since its inception 31 years ago, and for 23 years occupied the position of ruling elder and trustee, and was, we understand, never absent from the house of prayer excepting when unwell. He is survived by a widow, two sons, and four daughters, who give evidence that they have profited by the parental training and ex ample they were privileged with from their infancy. - Sales of Properties.— Messrs. taidlaw and Benton report that daring the week they havesofd (in conjunction with Mr. L. De Garis) on account of the British and Australian Trust and Loan Co. Ltd.,' "the well- known Lake Wallace North Estate, comprising 9263 acres. The estate consists of first- class agricultural and grazing land, and is situate about two miles from Eden- hope, The purchaser is Mr. John T. Morris, late of Fen 61a station. South Australia. Tbe same finn also report having sold ,on ac-. count of Messre. W". andT. Higgins, lot 5, enbdirisHm of theKarabeal Estate, contain- ing SSla 2r 29p, of good agricultural and' gnxhrgland.M ridfs /Robert am beiugthepnr- chaser. On account'of the executors of the late ffm. Jlriville tfaey have disposed of lot 46, subdivision of Weeraneourt Estate, con- taining 74a Or 35p of .good ngrienltnral xnd graring land,Mr.G.2Iaruian beiog the finyer. Aaobnntntisl powfof teeimprovingprospects of tee grating and agricultural interests in this district is famished hy the fact of . eo manypnmbrties changing bands, and any. ertate which comes info tee market is: esgeriy competed for by those closely con- nectedwithteeBeinterertt- j. , Dairy Ihbpectios. — This' subject was ventilated at the aonnal meetiirdtiie ; -IhdiyaieiiYAstociatlon on Thursdays whfin i Mr.1 T. -fi. Mooro fBerralla.) moved that the vneetirrg 'affirm' tlie principle ti tDwianl ' "tmeebtm o£ dilries, «nd mge ppon alnre for carrying' but ah" rffiiml-MlilaBrfjaatioa Thcappoint- toeol of local rnspectore would ensure the - hpmprihe& -adnmw!trat«m al tbe law by toen possessing knovriedge vrf local condr- e. .#fc .A,Aigyfe(Eynetoa)secoctdcd a I'lOtadownK- ' Ahdorsdhflllawa),1 yaNdtBiamkahdsevteral others was carried ' ..v: C,,TJ Acricdltxjral risMRST.—; at edBhoo roraent. bat it was hoped that as th. finances of the colony increased the -ran t wrmia increase ip proportion. TeS vZ Government had given a specin; mzt fZ B tbe best Sffibs of butter for export, tl B prire, he understood, had bronght our B fiswer than 56 competitors. Ir was B tee intention of the Government, atT; B dose of tee present session, to offtx = B gold medal and a Government diploma., B tee exporter who had sent arrav the b B uniform quality of butter throigioai p,! B ! season. If the Anrtralian barters rrooti ffi I only get a fireticlass pepotation in Lmdm B j the market was unlimited. Tbe Arrriai B taral depsrtmest ws£ doios iis up the export trade, and when tee mans B woe made up he was convinced tha it woold be found that the increase had iLT B greats thau in any previous perirt f, ffi conseqoecee of a cable message sen-L B dartment last week we recti -.ed ....iiw u,' ffi the colony in one day aloue tor tee f.-Iio ,Z. items : — 9000 tons of bar, 3x>3 n,,f 46.00011 of meat, and 290 tons of jam tZ B Minister for Lands and the Mini-p U B Railways, too. were doing thrtr ies; ffi prove the condition of the settlers an I ffi the farmer on tee land. Sale of Booths. -The booths h, B connection with the Hamilton show ana B noes will be sold by Messrs. Rob-_" SUnte B torn Bree and Co. at tee Victoria HtsZ\, B 3 o'clock, this afternoon. 11 B A LOCAJ, DaiMiTitT. — Mr p D'Amaral, of Carterton, has recent!.- 'com' B pleted a military and patriotic draia. B titled " Mafeking." with tee alternatire "a B soldier and a man/' and arrangements haTe B been made for its production in the Casta- ffi ton Mechanics' Institute at the nights of tee 12th and l.'t-.h in- B pendently of this being the w ork of a ioal B artist, to whom local encouragement h due. B the pfry itself, if we can jnZ B from the synopsis, promises to be f jj of life and motion, and it should jrjse B nothing of its interest from the tact that ii ffi has been written " expressive v for B occasion, to quote the words of the pro B Eime. It deals with tbe siege of JJafe. B , and amongst many other character, rre B Major Reayfignring. It concludes nitha B taKeou representing " Eritaunia, sapponBi B by Australia and Canada,- hut there is so indication In tee programme as to who i, to B support tee audience after si;, i: a fe. t of fl eenaatioas.. We trust that Mr. Ii'Sm,-;-. ambitious attempt will receive ire p,cw H recognition. Obitdabf. — Oar Mcriut) coires«Q. b dent writes t— I have to record viitefceh'® B of the deepest sorrow the death of Ms jB lily M'lotyro, fifth daughter of the Un B D. M'lntyre. The cans- of ia-J. H have arisen from a cold contracted ai»o: a H fortoigbt ago, and which seems to Uve H developed into pneumonia. Toe -s-d was araidaausly atteu ieri l.y L-r iiart, and S at a later stace by Dr. Carnegie, but ia'sphc H of every attention whiclf lovire; n.hoh moU H suggest, tee patient gradual iv sank aod passed away about 7 '.'do-.k ui rtcndij B evening. The decease! n- 3 cniversi B favourite among all vLsses, and i nwd hardly add that the sympathy ex|iresd to- wards the bereaved relative; i; wide aid IB heartfelt- B Picturesque Post-card.— We have B been- shown a beautifully artistic post-card sent to % resident of Hamilton by a friend B who is now travelling through <;-.-rmauy. It was despatched from Karlst-rack. it ' con- tains a nunlber cf delightful -keretrs of local scenery, including a river spanned by a noUe bridge, public buildings, and a uag. mfioent castle in the o.ukgruuu'1. The whole is exquisitely done ;.j . '! u ; Tbe other side of the card is left bk.uk L; the address and the porta--- sL;..,.p. The ides might be adoptel in Vicic-riaw ite a-.ivantt. There arc many natural beauty spoti iu vise neigbbonrbood of Ha-.;.!!'.-.-.!, and if vkeee were artistically reproduced f-r a post -card they could be dis tributed al! ovc; i nc world at a very low rate of pogsre. Thiswonld save the purpose of bringing the district into prominence, while also fur-.iisliiug a pleasing memento for our friends at a dis- tance. Bochara Cueariko >alh — An un- portant clearing sale will be crndncted bj Messrs. Laidlaw- and Fcnton at ike Itjchm estate on Wednesday next, commencing it one o'clock, on account of the execclore cf tiie lata Catherine Trangtnar. The sleep, to the nnmber of 12,894, are all pure merino, the ewes having SO per cent, of Iaails it foot. ITrc sheep will be found to V- snitch bred lot, the late Mr. Traug'.nor harin; paid big prices for the best cast eve kmc H leading flocks, such as the JcllaUabri ad Warrambeen, and high figures were aha |H given for well-bred rams. The ISndiata hod of Dnrhatns has also long been as one of the best and oldest established ia the district. The 110 bead to he oSvrrd Wednesday are the pick from three via -. — the Violet Creek, Morgiaru am! lir than, and, as they are all by pedigreed bolls, for which Luge sntns w ere- paid, tbss in search of pnre-brod cattle are afforded t fine opportunity to satisfy their needs A number <4 draughts, hacki and In'-gv berscs, as well as thoroughbred; hy Hamlfi's Ghost will be offered, and the f'.a'.iot plash fnrnitnre, etc., are also to be sold. Special ffi :. conveyances will run from Hamilton on the morning of tee sale, after tee arrivs! c! tbe ffi trains frort Melhosnie, IVammmlxxil and Casterton, retn riling tee same evening. ffi scbdivtsiok of Xc-uEEXl!00.-Oll Tuesday Messrs Dennys, Lasre-ll-.-r, Atrtin and Co. will conduct an important sshdi- visional sale at the mechanics' insiitvle, .Dnnkekl, on account of -Mr. -las. Utile, when they will dispose of sl.ra: li» sens B of the wril-knowu Xooreudo - re.a'.tt tte allotmeuts will range from 120 r'roct 2DH acres, and as the property is we'd adapted for closer settlement the competition should be very keen. B Band of Hopf. Estertaixukxt.— B The quarterly entertainment e: -.he Ilamil- ton Band of Hope will be lu'd in '-!» tem- perance hall on Tuesday evening. Tiiefirt part will consist of a huncru itvicrc'.tc on the history of the Sand of ii . uiovemeot, Which wis be illastrateil by a rcrit- of a- cellent slides prepared bv the ITiited bio?- dom Band of Hope Union, ami which tiio the development and growth of :euip«aa« work among the young during tee last Bin years. The second part will cousin pn»- cipally of musical items, which ha; c w® selected out of respect to the memory of lis late esteemed secretary of the Uomaar -Christian Temperance Union pMiss Bro»»), who had from tiie first been an u-tive helper in the work of the Baud cf Hope. Professor a nthosv.— The first ajt B pearanoe of Professor Anluuny in the ton town hall on Wednesday evenmg no| promises to draw a large audiciire-. Uu ability as a conjuror, illnsionist magician Is very highly spoken of in to® in which. he has given eutertainmcnls. toe H Loudon Timrt, in speaking of him, that he opened his entertainment w 11,1 tnarvdloos experiment teat tote 1, T® ami press were completely l»l3o>L ann tte deception by which it appeared that lie Ma cut_iady:s head ofl with a sword was finest seen on the Loudon stage. The pnr dnetion of 36 biliian! balls from apparent y nowhere is said to have been anotlwr "'f1' ffi .vellcns -feat. Tbe "press of the colony also epeak in high terms of praise of the p"" iassacvatkl »» he ili be assisted by ctl" rievvr- hrtisu on Wednesday cvciiirrg- ontertxinmeut Miould be well worth stviig- The 'hex-plan will be open at Mr. J- ffi Hen nan's today. S . Qboits.— The trophy pivscnteJ If Metats. Lowiy and Shepherd for a >ioa competition, which has causcl a yw xfeonnt oof friendly rivalry amongst toe members of tiro Hamilton Quoit Club. »- rxmctnded oii Wednesday aftcnio. ii. -«« H an exciting contest. Messrs. Smith and ffi wan from Messrs.' Shepherd M'DdnaId,'theBC)ores standing at 31 10 ; Tbeaburt jaocoukts asd paccei5- j-I-Ttie ftdfelipHiEaccomits arc waiting PI, ment at, the Hamilton Treasury - H Agricaltiiral Soriety; Robert- Ford, R » H O&tebfi.;'.A; Grped, F. W. Bindra. 1'- H-cUf. H T:;&>«:;.t2), 3,'. Womersley, Mary fes ft M 3ohfi®lackwobd, Kenneth Cameioa (->1, Drnn', R. Dnffett, Donald LesW H il'Arthur (2), Wm. Ryan, Arthur H iSkilaines Stcvenson, T. H. Tailock. Airt H SaerSlrigram, W. L. Toung (Aj1 B 4Sark,lrR.t MacarUiur, Wilson -and B BiStaajSafe ssed to tiie following arc .-.'"i iat iQie .ional railway slatihn pStpDpmiodnd, J- Powell, L B SM'-SvpAjnaMi'rAlexander M B : The Sacrament of the land's Sapf1;® 9 lie" .gdirocnrod.rtir : tbc Free Presbytenu " B 