AT COLERAINE. Colexaise, Wednesday. The Right Her. Vr. Thornton, Utsbop of BaSarat,xeateedixis farewell sermon to a Coie- raine congregation it Holy Trinity Cbureh,on Sunday morning l«t to a large oongregation. The bishop also took part in tee usual morning service, and at the dose of a masterly sermon, peculiarly befitting the day (Whit Sunday), he spoke a few earnest words of affectionate fare well. In the afternoon his lordship left for Casterton. AT CONDAH MISSION STATION. Goxdah, Wednesday. His lordship the Bishop of Ballarat, who will shortly sever his connection with tee diocese and then proceed to England, paid his farewell visit to tee aboriginal mission station, Lake Condah, on Monday. On his and Mrs. Thornton's arrival at Multown they were met by tee missionary in charge, the Rev. J. 11. Sthale, his sro and several aborigines. When tee station was reached they found tee natives, young and bid, assembled on the green to give their reverend friends a hearty welcome aace mote. At half-past three o'clock a service was held in the handsome Ktooe church, where over 190 people had gathered together to hear tee bishop's JJarting words. The sermon was from tbe test 1st Prior, chapter 1, verse 12, " The Holy Ghost sent down from heaven.'' His lordship, in a very mteresting and impres sive manner, illustrated the power and opera tion of the Spirit of God on the human heart, and thoroughly revetted the attention of all present, and his earnest and faithful words wiD doubtless bear good fruit in-time to come. After tee service was over a farewell meeting was hrid in toe church. Die missionary read an address to his lordship, expressive of the high esteem and reverentloFe fdt iw «8 ti» resident of tee station towards himself and Mrs. Thornton, and stated teat thqy had greatly endeared themselves to them by their xmEubngandgrouiBe Jaiifbtem.aS wril at %y means "bfjsB the vqintnal (broefit yeoaved teni»hthelBteopkimnisteteKms:-alsowite- ing teem God's blessing, a safe voyage, and prosperity to their future labour and express ing the earnest hope that ihty might afl meet again beyond the Shadow in the fife winch is to coma . At tee dose, of tee -address aa abongmal sscuned it, an behiOf qf aU the reerdteta-m h YewemtaUe and'well-ciiosen worda The biebop replied very forimgly, and said teat it had given bimwnd MraThorofcoa great joy tovuat tee station foom tune totune, and that teay. would always lovnigjy rmnan- ber tee residents. Dwputinghyiini, fGod be vyitb you till we meet agamv'was teeii sung, after which tee Bisbou and Mrs. Thmta shook hands with -all jam.ut and hade teem good-bye. In the evromg tbe abunginegesme to the unsemn house and presented inrting -sifte to teein/xnsiatiiv of wcqpanatomftetive: baskets. It was very timrinng toeee tha bid xnenbnjspqg teeee 'nsbamente of war and laying teraMovm ar the bitenp's foet, while tiny «ave interesting accounts of fights hero fond perhaps particqnited m) intiirir eariy days His kSshiprertui toorived and. greatly pksaedby their tiioughifiilldndlKsa, aadasanredjteem that he and Mrs. Thornton woifldhmhly jirixeteeee'gifte,. and titer thfy Would always remind them of theirfoeodsat fBlfl Jteimm-Tbe rest ot the (ewung SffPWiKyirplreremrae'Juid ,<ma versa- gwKg>»SS6 w WV«irit<i1|l inTislii 1 43atidafl- 