CAULFIELD CUP CONTIN GENCIES. AS FORESHADOWED AT RAND WICK. (By " Enn Dee.") Years ago, exactly how many I scarce ly care to remember, it makes one feel so very ancient-at all events, long before the Caulfield Cup (first annexed by Mr. T. Chirnside's Newminster, with Tom Hales 8.10 up, in 1879) was usher ed into existence - the four days meeting of the Australian Jockey Club at Randwick in September in general, and the Great Metropolitan Stakes in particular, was anxiously look ed forward to as likely to throw some sort of light on Melbourne Cup possibil ities a couple of months afterwards. In those days, and, in fact, right away down till 1892, the Great Metropolitan Stakes was contested over two miles of ground, and the conditions of it and the Melbourne Cup being so nearly akin, it was small cause for wonderment that an absorbing interest was manifested by Victorian owners and trainers in the de cision of such a " preliminary gallop," so to speak. Sydney Tim Whililer, in 1867, was the only animal to secure the double -Metropoltan Stakes and Melbourne Cup-in succession; but for all that, the prominent parts played by Warrior, The earl, and The lquack, amongst others, in the two mile event at landwick, were quite sufficient to cause students of racing form to keep them in remem brance as likely factors at Flemington on the first Tuesday in November. "Honest John Tait" evidently looked upon the Metropolitan Stakes as a kind of full dress rehearsal for the more valuable Melbourne Cup; as in 1871 we find The Pearl (who subsequently carried off the Melbourne Cup) finishing second to Rosebud in the Metrop., while the following year The Quack, who after wards silenced the pretensions of The Ace and Dagworth to the Melbourne Cup of 1872. finished in third place (behind Dagworth and Clansman) in the Rand wick event. Prior to that, it was on the strength of Warrior being next in order to Circassian and Grey Momus in the Great Metropolitan Stakes of 1869 that Mr. Austin Saqui-one of the "le viathans" of the Australian ring in those times-purchased the sturdy son of New Warrior, and landed an immense stake when Joe Morrison brought the brown gelding first past the post in the Mel bourne Cup by a couple of lengths from The Monk, Phoebe, and three and twenty others. Etienne De Mestre, on the contrary, seemed to be im bued with an idea that it was per fectly possible to prepare a horse to win both events - Metropolitan and Mel bourne Cup, the exploit of Tim Whiffler in 1867 no doubt fixing him firmer in such faith. One year-1872-Mr. De Mestre actually attempted the feat of carrying off a triple handicap crown-the Hawkesbury SpringHandicap. the Great Metropolitan Stakes, and the Melbourne Cup. with the self-same horse-to wit, Dagworth. The "Kings of the Ring" were bold bettors thirty -ears ago, and so Etty De Mestre was enabled to get a large " fancy" wager on at a very long price. Dagsworth won the Hawkesbury Handicap and the Metrop., and certainly looked the choicest of choice goods forthe Melbourne Cup. with only 7.12 on his four-year-old back. He could not finish closer than third, however, and so, next year, Mr. De Mestre decided to have another cut in at the same treble, only he determined to change his tactics, and to substitute two horses for one. He selected Dagworth for the Hawkesbury Handicap again, but deputed a bay four year-old named Horatio to attempt the Metrop. and Melbourne Cup coup. Dag worth scooped once more. whilst Horatio won the Metrop., and was in the Mel bourne Cup at 7.13, so that Joe Thomp son and the knights of the metallic pen cil were in sore distress until Mr. James Wilson, the founder of St. Albans, un earthed an unknown quantity yclept Don Juan for them, and got them out of all their tribulation. Don Juan was a mys terious animal-a most mysterions ani mal. He appeared on the scene mys teriously, and after accomplishing the only thing that prevented the vast ma jority of the bookmakers of that period becoming veritable " Wandering Jews," he disappeared just as mysteriously. He was credited with being a son of Lucifer and Levity, and there is no doubt in my mind as to his being intimately connected with the Prince of Darkness right enough, as naught but the " devil's luck" could have saved the Ring from complete annihilation. This second rebuff appar ently convinced Mr. De Metre that the risk was too great to be successfully un dertaken, whilst at the same time the "nasty spasms" the bookmakers experi enced until Horatio split his hoof (round by the abattoirs) in the race for the Mel bourne Cup-in which he ran third, im mediately behind his stable companion, Dagworth, who appeared on the scene as soon as his rider became aware of Hor atio's disability-effectually precluded the fielders from laying "fancy waagers " for big amounts afterwards. On the first blush all. this ,reamble doesn't appear to have any material bearing on "Caulfield Cup Contingen .ies; ana vet appearances in this con nection are likely to be most deceiving. Nowadays the -Metropolitan Stakes is contested for over a mile and a half of ground; and conseouently the event more closely apnroximates the Caulfield Cup than the Melbourne Cup. Then, again, I incline muchly to the ooinion that several of the New South Wales trainers are following in the footprints of the "honest John Tait" before men tioned with respect to utilising the Met ropolitan Stakes as a kind of "nrepara tion" for the great mile and a half event on the classic heath of Caulfield. Others. again. may have left the "object lesson" of the Metro-nlitan severely alone, and pursued their devious ways in weight-for age and other races in preference. But still possibly with identically the same object in view, mark you that! Taking the Caulfield Cup list down seriatim, and dealing only with those ani mals who disported themselves at Rand wick during the recent Spring reunion there. the first to claim attention is our erstwhile West Australian identity. Tar quin. with 9.8. This entire son of Neck ersgat and Tarpeia is now six years old, but as he has never been knocked about nor called upon to over-exert himself, he is, or rather was, when last I saw him, as sound as the proverbial bell. Once upon a time some nresumably good jud ges formed an opinion that Tarquin albeit a phenominally fast sprinter was no stayer. Personally I always en tertained a different idea. and his per formance in the late Metropolitan Stakes (in which he was running right over Re viver towards the finish, and actually headed the winner 50 yards vast the post) only served to act as "' confirmation strong." so far as yours truly is concer ned. Tar,,uin started four times during the meeting. finishing second on two occasions-in the Metropolitan and in the Randwick Plate (2; miles) respec tively, and being the same number of times minus even a position. His party backed him for the lMetrop.: whether they did for any other event I am mainly ignorant, and prefer to remain so. As I told you before. in my opinion the right-handed style of going effectually "coopered" his chance. At Caulfield he will, if lie runs. be travelling the same way he has always been accustomed to. Be has certainly to carry 2101. more than he did in the Metrop.. but 21b. to a horse of his calibre i< neither here nor there. I fancy his trainer. Ernie McKeon. pre fers the two miles of the Melbourne Cup to the half-mile shorter at Caulfield. Nevertheless. fit and well on the day and with an uninterrupted passage, they would have to cut a good deal off 2.36 to down him. The Chief. 9.5. ran nowhere in the Spring Stakes, won by Paul Pry. and finished t,..c. oehind - aul Pry and Mora) in the Craven Plate. the mile and a quarter of which was "ambled" over by Sir Rupert Clarke's champion in 2min. 83sec. Mr. W. Forrester informed me that The Chief has been suffering for many months from influenza. and that he was still far from being himself, though he was, to quote the words of the veteran New South Wales sportsa:al:, "coming on like a house on fire." The Chief is likely to display his very best form at Flemington. Dandy,9.0, is a bit of an enima. I don't think there is a horse in the lan:1 can pace with him nine furlongst and he finishes up at that distance as if a few more furlongs would not be outside his compass. As I informed you previously, he is true to name, being a regular "dandy" on occasions, but only on occa sions. On other occasions--nutably the Wycombe Stakes-the A. .::. stewards acted very "courteously,". not to say " kindly," with respect to nis reari;ard position throughout the "contest"( ) Mora, 8.12, started twice during the four days. and finished in a lAace ,n each occasion. She didn't set the Parramatta on fire, certainly; but then I don't know that Mr. E. H. Knight had any inten tion of setting her such a task. The aged daughter of Malna and White Star acquitted herself most creditably, all the same for that; and if she should happen to catch the judge's eye first on Satur day week a goodly number of shekels of gold will be subsequently despatched across the Murray into New South Wales territory: They "missed the 'bus" with Mademoiselle Mora last year, but they might experience a bit better luck this. Vocalist, 8.9, I look on as the very best handicap horse in Australia. You know, that's at the weights he's at present re ceiving. This five-year-old unsexed son of GOoze and the Goldsborough mare Car men is not a very far remove from acham pion, tase my tip for it. I was strolling through the saddling-paddock at Rand wick when Sydney Tattersalls' were hold ing their August meeting there, when who should I drop across but "Billy" Monie, the great wing man of the Carl ton first twenty in the seventies. It was just before the Hampden Stakes came on for.decision, and although Dandy was an odds on favourite therefore at the time, acting under Monie's instructions, I had to have a trifle on Vocalist, "just on the off chance. Dandy won-nine furlongs in 1.57k : but our 100 to 4 chance was nearest to him at the finish. He ran two " nowheres" at Randwick during the A.J.C. meeting, but is certain to be "somewhere" or other during the Caul field and Flemington campaigns. If Dick Wootton has got anything better in than Vocalist in the Caulfield Cup (and I have received several pigs' whis pers that Horace is likely to prove a daisy- cutter when wanted), then Dick Wootton is likely to shake Jack ..eek (Ingliston), Ike Foulsham (Sagacity), and the rest of th4 Caulfield contingent up a little. Tarquin madb a phenomenal run up the straight in the Metropolitan Stakes; but the more I sit down and cogitate over matters in connection with the finish of that event, the farther I get forward on the road which leadeth to wards conviction that Cyanide's run must have been equally as phenomenal. In fact, I don't know that it wasn't even more so. Tarquin was visible - 'way back in the ruck, certainly, but still dis cernible-as they swept down towards the entrance to the straight: but Cya nide was nowhere to be descried. All up the straight, too, Tarquin was very much in evidence, with his three strides to Reviver's two; but it was only at the eleventh hour-in the last furlong- that the six-year-old daughter of Metal and Aspasia put in an appearance at all. She must have been fearfully hampered along the home stretch, as it was only by a swerving run to the outside that she ma naged to clear herself at all. And, kind ly bear it in memory, she finished within a head of Tarquin when it was all over. Certes she has to meet him on 41b..worse terms in the Caulfield Cup; but that doesn't make the consistent Cyanide any the less a very likely factor for that event. Prince Carbine. 8.2. the same weight he carried in the Metrop.. was a strong street corner tip, therefore, just after I arrived in Sydney; but afterwards he faded away from tipsterial grace some how or other, and on the day you could have written your own ticket about him. At one period of the race he was "abso lutely," and as he only started once during the meeting, and is in the same stable as Mora, there should be no neces sity to deal with him seriously so far as the Caulfield Cup is concerned. Some day or other, however, I may have a very different tale to tell. as the aged Carbine -Taihoa horse still exhibits flashes of brilliancy. War God incurred a 71b. penalty, bringing his impost up to 8.6, through winning the Waverley Handicap, of a mile and three-quarters. He had 7.8 up, and traversed the distance in 3min. 34sec. The course proper at Raundwick was extremely fast on each of the four days, so that too much reliance must not be placed on the item of time. He finished some lengths in advance of Alix. who had 7.7 in the saddle 71b. more than she has been apportioned in the Caulfield Cup, and 101b. more than she had in the Metropolitan. Of course, anything is possible in a race like the Caulfield Cup; but to jnudge from their neregrinations at Randwick, mares like Alix and Hi Hi -re simply outclassed in such an event, and even record-making Fairy Prince will have to display a marked improve ment on his most recent form to possess the ghost of a show. "Bobby" Lewis was no on him in the Waverley Handicap, so that it looked awfully like as if he was after it. And yet. with 6lb. less than his Caulfield Cup impost, he ran disap pointingly. "Ike" 1'oulsham's pair. Lancaster anu Sagacity, like "Jim" Scobie's charges, Malster and Paul Pry. did the "veni, vidi, vici" business--that is to say, they came, saw, and conquered. Only kroul sham was content with a single victory to each, while Scobie ensured the Baro net who patronises him no less than six races out of the twenty-four to the credit of Paul Pry and Ranfurly There was no fluke about the successes of Lancaster and Sagacity, and yet, do you know, I wasn't at all enamoured with Sagacity's performance. If you ask me what I did to pick a flaw about, I'mt"jiggered" if I can tell you; and yet I wasn't impressed with it. He won the Spring Maiden Stakes like a tradesman; still. such is the perversity of human nature, I will not stand him fot the Caulfield Cup, though why I won't I can't for the life of me explain. I suppose it's the same "I do not like thee, Dr. Fell" feeling over again. Anyhow, if Sagacity wins the Ca lfield Cup I will begin to arrive at the conclusion that the old man with the scythe is approaching within measurable distance. And I write this having the most unbounded faith in "Ike" Foul sham's skill and judgment. The Haut Brion-Alga filly. Hautesse, is as nice as a sweet poem. She moves along with the poetry of motion. Her only exhibition was in the Derby, where she finished third to Malster and Haut boy, and according to the way I viewed the race W Delaney, who bestrode her, did not call upon her for any supreme ex ertion. Doubtless. he verceived the ex treme difficulty of coping against such a pair of three-year-old equine giants as the B1rley and Meridian colts, for at one portion of the journey I observed Hau tesse moving jauntily along. and seem ingly holding her own without much ap parent effort. That's how the thing pre sented itself to me. I do not think she did, thou -: T autesse has 7.3 in the Caulfield Cut.. he same weight that Waterfall "squelched" the rest of the field with in 1895. Certainly Waterfall was a colt : but then he had nothing like the two-year-old and three-year-old cre dentials of Hautesse prio. to doing Humphrey Oxenham and Count Abra hams such a healthy turn. Rare good judges of racing strains of blood must the early studmasters in New South Wales. South Australia, and Vic toria have been, as time and again we find rising top-notchers tracing back to the same old stock. Amongst the best of the imported mares the daughter of Blinkhoolie and Adrastia (by St. Alban's) \--Algeria by name-takes high rank, many of her progeny having displayed truly marvellous nace as well as no little staying ability. My dear old friend. Mr. S. G. Cook. was always a firm believer in I the excellence of Algeria's stock, and won several good races with Algerian years ago. slated with Hawthornden, Algeria produced a filly named Al.erine. and she in turn pledged a bay colt, Bar barossa. to the New Zealand celebrity Medallion. Barbarossa started four times during the late A.J.C. meeting, finishing third to Lancaster and San E Fran in the Trial Stake:. nowhere in the Metropolitan, second to Paul Pry in the Wycombe Stakes, and third to Paul Pry and Tarquin in the Randwick Plate. His second in the Wycombe Stakes (11 furlongs in 2min. 22}see.) was a merito rious performance; but it was his Rand wick Plate "flutter" that fetched me. Barbarossa had two "flutters" during that event-one each time he entered the home stretch, and on each occasion he unfortunately fluttered to the other side of the course. Had he not done so on the second occasion Paul Pry would undoubtedly have experienced his Water loo, as the Derby colt had a big break on him at the time, and was going along full of running with the ease of well- oiled 'machinery. I predict, and predict with the greatest confidence, a brilliant carreer for Barbarossa. Per chance the Caulfield Cup may be his mission. Should it be so, it is well within his uowers with 7.2, albeit for my own part I should prefer his Melbourne Cup prospect with 61b. less. He is a colt one must always have on his side though whenever he starts-even the great clas sic three-year-old event of the year it self. Mr. Barney Allen anu his friends won a pot of money over Ampier when they thought he was dead to the world so far as possessing a winning chance in the Epsom Hanaucap was concerned, and then werit down over him for the Shorts afterwards. He has incurred a 141b. penalty for the Caulfield Cup. making his weight 8st. His hollow victory in the mile dash when presumably off colour stamped the Far Niente-Electric Light 'five-year-old gelding as a remarkably "spry" animal under a moderate impost, and I should not be at all surprised to discover that his tether extended an other half mile, or even further. He doesn't look like a stayer; but then they run in all shapes and after Plausible's position in the Melbourne Cupof 1884 the stuffing was knocked out of the "confor mation" racket so far as I was personally concerned. Plausible certainly pre sented the most "ordinary" appearance of any racehorse ever I clapped eyes on: and vet, all the aocredited "wise men" of the Flemington training track to the contrary notwithstanding, his trainer Mr. F. F. Dakin was perfectly correct, the son of Vagabond and Plaudit was a good horse and sound two-miler. His tory has a most peculiar habit of re peating itself in these connections, and therefore it may be just as well to sus pend judgment re Ampier till later on. Mr. W. H. Mate's Schimmel (by Gos soon-Vestatia) has not succeeded in galning a position even as yet; but his owner is nothing if not patient. More over he is just about as cute as they make them, and perhaps it is not alto gether unworthy of note that Schimmel did not take part in any handicap event during the meeting. Casting my mind back over the late Spring Meeting of the Australian Joc key Club, and cogitating over the various performances. I look updn Tarquin, Mora and Barbarossa as the pick of the late Randwick contingent everything being equal, in, so far as the Caulfield Cup is concerned; and of this triumvir ate commend me specially to Tarquin. 