TIMELY TALK, [Miss D. A. Cabot in "Canterbury Times."! Only the original mind of an American woman would nave thought of staiDtdng a holly and mistletoe farm as a paying branch, of horticulture. The soljtary one in existence in the world is situated in Georgia, and is owned by tiro women, who make a handsome living out of it. They cultivate live hundred acres of Christmas decoration^, wyl so large is their output that they • have spoiled the Rnglish trade with New York, which used to be pretty extensive, at least as far as choice plants were concerned. The utmost skill has been used in laying out this large farm, and the excellent returns ape the result of the great care bestowed upon it, This is one more practical illustration of the success that awaits the woman who specializes, and puts • her heart and- soul into her work, depend ing at tie same time on herself as much as possible. She must herself supervise, and never tire of supervising, for, after all, what is left to be done by subordinates is very often never done; or if it is done, is as badly performed as it can well be. The woman who would succeed must be ready to do things herself, or see "that they are done as well as her own hands could have done them. Quite a romantic incident is reported from Honolulu, and as it has not yet been mentioned in Xew Zealand papers, it is worth relating. When the bubonic plague was raging in Honolulu, every one who t had the means fled from lite vicinity of the plague-stricken quarter, except one young P Englishman, a teacher in the Princess Kaiulani School. He had a natural talent for e nursing, and, although "pale and thin o from overwork, and the knowledge of his vd peril," he refused to leave off nursing those who had the terrible disease. He was re peatedly warned by the doctors, and, being "a contact," was begged to save himself. He refused to leave, and, being .blest with an iron constitution, 'happily did not ca»dh the plague; but, though in the end worn to the mere ghost of his former self, foe stuck to his post to the very last. When the- danger was over, gratitude strong and det.p Availed up in the hearts of his townsfolk. He"was asked what .he wished most to do, and replied that he %iad always wished to be a doctor. _Tibis was enough for the town. Tie leading citizens formed themselves irtto a committee, and presented him with a purse of a thousand pwmds, asking him to accept- it to study medicine, or to apply it to any other purpose he chose. Mr. Smith. 4ias iust arrived in England, where-he intends to realize the one wish of "his life—to become a doctor. Nor can any one doubt that he will make a. doctor in a thousand. Such optimism as that of Maniame Sarah Grand deserves the-widest encouragement. She lectured not very long agio on "How to Make Life Worth Living," and, aHfrough a great army of prophets of either sex have wrestled with fcha's mighty sppbjem from time immemorial, it must be confessed that Mad/ume "Grand woe able to focus some gleams of light on tihis vital Question. She proved her loyalty to truth by iil&t; q»aring her own sex—the homemalaers-r-upoii whose character and development depend •the chief things tiiai make for fcteppjness Bor •tihis happiness is a thing of our own making-• It does not come to ub by chanoe; it does; not aJways accompany wealth or rank, nor can it bf* conferred upon us by others. We Tiave to build it up, and cultivate that disposition of mind in which, the attainable^, -completely satisfies. The woman whio reaches after a higher social position, or who tills un her life with a round of social entertainment-, has no conception of what happiness really can mean. Happily, a very large proportion of women are growing out of their intellectual infancy. They are becoming responsible beings. They are developing "their intelligence, and have already even made the discovery that to be a gentlewoman is not a matter of position and riches, but of character and conduct. As women leara these lessons more thoroughly, they will bear themselves with more grace in simple garments suitable to a modest income than tliev have ever done before in the pretentious 'finery which too often has been bought by the health, if not actually by the life, of an honourable man. May that period of enlightenment be vcrv soon reached! Platonic friendship, once a. thing smiled at as an iniposs-txil ity, js so no longer, and, n. spite of sage waggings of heads and smns of incredulity, women find it quite possible to be on "terms of friendlv- companionship with a man without- falling in love with him, or considering him in the light of a future husband. Since women have had to step out into the world of business and competition, the advice and ounsel of a man is ex'iremelv valuable, and certainly most-desirable. It is simply the height of absurdity that.a.woman should be required "by modem society to give up the innocent pleasure of spending a profitable hour with an intelligent male friend because propriety is shocked at the mere notion of such a thing. She may not be seen walking frequently with him, unless she happens to be engaged to him; otherwise her name will be in everybody's mouth, so she must follow one of two courses. Either she must give up her friend,. or she must brave gossip and follow out her own course heedless of idle chatter.. 