THE LADIES. CHATTER. I chatter, chatter as I go.—Tennyson. THE COMPUMcNrS UFT11E SEASON. A merry Christmas—a happy Christmas '—a tranquil Oinstmafi— Whai shall 1 wish, you? What would Faither Christmas bring you if letters could reach hun now- as they did scrape lames in tile long ago days when we usedjto hang up our stockings—always provided, thit ooe did not post them one's self, wiiiGh. precaution, strange to say, was not as satisiaatory in its resuhs as might, Lave been expected. Presents? .- I wish you heaps of presents, then, all the treasui-ei. you most long for, but, tiiat is not all, eurely. Pleasure? Alay it all go off well—your own giving, especially—muy ail • you have chosen be chosen well, and your letters and word give real .happiness to all ydu send them to. May your face be bright, and your heart be'light, and your thoughts kind, so shall ypu give pleasure—and in giving have. A nappy home Uhristmas? r May the temper of the cook be angelic (a kindly word, and some little consideration in the lightening of work with help to- -wards this—it is also well to watch your own temper, for fret amid flurry are catching); may sue dinner be done to a turn— (to ensure this it is well to have the stove well cleaned beforehand, to get the work well forward, anc not attempt too much); may the . -whole family be predisposed to enjoy themselves. All 1 can suggest is that the idea should be taught early not tly to demand pleasure as a right, but to enjoy to the full what comes to hand, charing it round. It's just as easy to say "Mice bath" as "Did they wash I then, poa' itiie .sing;" and the habit of mind induced may last for life—the "poo* itie sing" is apt to grow up a blighted being—and I don't like blighted beings. They may get more consideration than brighter natures; but who would barter a happy soul for the wthole world's pity? That every one should try to make every one else happy—not "trying to please," but ; "giving others pleasure according to . Drummond's wise distinction. That is the lest recipe I know for a- happy home Christmas. Best—peace? May the memories of the time, however saddened, soften any hard thoughts towards othens. Never mind if they have been hard or cold or unfair; their confidences must answer for thai. Think only that they did not mean it, perhaps, or did not understand—forgive for the sake of the peace bringer. But you want forgiveness—it is for hard words said and kindnesses forgotten, it is for chances of helping lost, unseen, until too late. • Here is heartache then—and to spare. "How do the lines go? I am not quite sure of tie wording. "Look at my -face—my naime is Ttfight- Slave-been.' , 1 am also called 'fiegret,' Too-late,' IfaewelL*" May no such ghosts haunt you this Christmastide-—or if they do,' and those from whom , you would fain crave pardon out of reach, think that, . after all they may have understood that the pain was only given dom- . Bily, that they knew the real loVe that lay • below, and let the pain of the regret be reminder to leave no might- have-beens t_ luumt the future, but forgetting your own sorrow, try at every turn to help and bless, BO are ghosts laid, if you have cou- Lonely?- - - *—- —— - - - That is.very lard—hard when others are gathering together, doubly hard -when it is heart-loneliness and want of love, though friends are round, that is harder even than the loss of loved friends—but find something to love. . If there is a vacant chair, took Dack fearlessly, never mind the old untruth about "Sorrows crown , of sorrow" being remembering happy days. Look back into the past, and think of the ha.pp time you have known, and give thanks for it — you will come back to the present .with dearer eyes. for right and wrong and email worries will melt away, and then face the future bravely, trying in the meantime — it always comes to that—to help others. > So you see, it is just goodwill that i wanted, goodwill towards all men, and the Jove that is the real Christmas spirit. 