OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. The suburbs which contain race rourses such as Caulfield, Moonee Ponds, Ascot Vale, R chmond and so .,n are beginning to find the contiguity ot these places anything but an un mixed blessing. The local publicans certainly reap a harvest on race days, but the ordinary shopkeepers rather suffetr than profit as the crowds of " tugs" and " sl.ielers," who generally swarm to the town en, route to the o, urse, elbow pedestrians right and eft -empeci.lly women and children-so mtlat on alternouns when there are laceS peop;Ce a , not care to come out to soop in Inc ousiness streets, and thus he sltopkeelpers suffer. Another r uts anice, reterred to thlls week in the Caul neld courcil, was the small try of ,reokimsakers who cllect on the foot i,a'hs ne.a the racecourse, clmnbing iences, injuring trees, using bad ,anguage and making themselves a ,uisance generally. It is a pity thu somue nlost pleasant and salubrious Suburbs around Mehlbourne have every now and then to be invaded by the ,morally and physically "unwashel" or .le mletropoh i consequent on their hay ing a racecourse in their vicinity. 'the Austalian bull has been earn rmg a bad name for himself lately. It is the general idea that the bull in these colnies IS not so savage as he is in England, but is somewhat sleepy and stupid. However, several cases have been reported in the press of late of people who have been attacked. Yet even in the suburbs of Melbou.ne hulls are sometimes driven at all hours throughout the streets. Bullocks are supposed to be apparently the only dangerous stock, and it is forbidden to drive them through the suburbs alter 6 a.m. or before to p.m In the light of lccent events, bulls should be in eluded it. the same category. The two douses now stand "' pro rogued" till 24th April. This is not an unduly long recess, and the menloers of the legislature should meet again recuperated rather than rusty. There has, not been very much of an interest ing'naturc lately in the debates in either Chamber-in fact, the doings of Parlia ment are tedious and thankless to record, and not' too entertaining to read. The Parliamentary Patriotic concert held the other night in the Melbourne Town Hail was a great success. Asa: musical and elecutionary enter.ainment it was well worth listen ing to. The lady performers were not so marked bypeculiarities of delivery andstyle asthelegislators who apt eared. Mr Hume Cook would apparently be 1 more at home in the rendering of " I'm Sstting on the stile, Mary," than in I. martial ballads, and while Mr Watt, the Postmaster General, is without doubt a powerful reciter, he makes frightful faces, and his starting eyeballs find it Sdifficult .o believe lie has not swallowed some powerful acid. Ihe Posmaster General iould make a grand "ghost story" teller round the fire on Christmas Eve in the old country, when the wind was howling in the chimney, and the windows were rattling in their frames. The licensed victuallers had their picnic down the bay on Thursday, the "Ozone" being chartered and calls being made at Queenscliff and Sorento. The bonifaces assembled in full force, and gave tatal abstainers and tipplers a fine object lesson on the moderate use of stimulants. There is no doubt that courtesy and reverence are not becoming more common in this colony as the ages roll onward. If you direct a person to a street or building, few will say " thank you"-mostly it is " right you are" and instead of approaching you with the remark, "would you kindly tell me where the Law Courts are," or, "might I trouble you to direct me to the Town Hall," the belated pedestrian opens his request with that execrable Yankeeism, "say, Boss, where's so and so." The way a number of people V comport themselves in chulrches too is wonderful to one with old world ideas. Apart from acy religious convictions, it is the acme of bad form to misbe have in a church because the clergy man can do very little to pro ect I himself. If he rebukes the offenders from the pulpit he makes a species of scene and unsettles the congrega tion, and his helplessness should be his protection. Last Sunday, a large new Catholic Church was opened in North Melbourne, and I strolled in on the Monday to view the interior. It is a beautiful building, but the tnterior arrangements were not quite complete, and it was in connec tion with the task of hurrying them to a termination that I witnessed an incident one would ra-ely sec in any European country. A man was de voutly repeating his prayers, and near him a contractor was walking about with his hat on and giving his orders. He had to finish up the painting, but •urely the proximity of a poorly dressed man, evidently sincere in the petitions he was offering, and the fact that the building was a church might have in duced the contractor to take off his hat. To me the doctrines the wor shippers held dear were as legendary as Grimes fairy tales, but I would certainly not have walked about near him with my hat on. These sort of flaws are seen every day in this colony in public places and private circles, and it is a pity this community does not recognise how little acts of thought filness and courtesy oil the machinery of our daily life of drudgery. The city was quite agog on Friday. first and foremost early in the day it was reported far and wide " La.i)sms.h was relieved, and Cronje was cap tured"-result, all municipal and other large buildings throughout the city and suburbs ran up their flags, and busi ness men, instead of attending to their offices, paraded the streets shaking hands with all and sundry whom they met. Then at mid-day the big fire made its appearance in Flinders lane. At the time the fire brake out the wind was from all quarters of the compass, and the storms of dust made it im posstileto see across the road, then the smoke began to hang over the city giving it the appearance of London in a November fog. The firemen and police worked admirably, and though owing to the inflammable character of the material stored the first three stories of a six storey buildine were completely gutted, the fire was prac. tica.ly mastered in a couple of hours. 