[ An Ecclesiastical Storm. An ecclesiastical storm of the first violence is j raging in Australia over trie sermon of Dr. ] Redwood, R.C. Archbishop of Wellington, N.Z, at St. Mary's, Sydney, on the 11th instant. The service was attended by many leading Church of England people, including three Governors and other exalted Protes- tants, and next day the papers reported the preacher's address, as containing this choice item : " The leaders and founders of Protestant- ism, Luther, Calvin, Zwingliue, etc., were notorious for their vices. Among the Greek schismatics the clergy are badly trained for their sacred functions, and live in a state of pitif ul abjection and contempt ; they receive little or no consideration or respect from the people, and they neither spread nor fulfil the Gospel teaching. Among Protestants the most effectual means of satisfaction have disappeared- abstinence, fasting, mortifica- tion, confession, communion, ete , etc. Both the Greek schism and Protestantism have rather obstructed than promoted true civilisation. The first has brought despotism upon the East, the second covered Europe with blood and ruins in the sixteenth century, and bas ever since been, the helper and I DR. REDWOOD. R.C. Ai chbishop of Wellington, X.Z. instrument of the worst foes of Christianity. It desecrated the home, it polluted the nuptial bed, it lowered the dignity of womanhood, it devastated the school, and stopped the progress of science. In-fine, neither Protestants nor Greek schismatics have shown that the action of the Holy Ghost is with them." Immediately on this being made public, the Evangelical Council in Sydney met, and carried resolutions condemnatory of the Eassage, and censuring Lord Beauchamp for aving, as a representative of the Queen, attended Maes, and listened to such an attack oh his Faith. Then the preacher was interviewed, and in his explanation be stated that the words complained of were ne^er used, that (1) he wrote the sermon in N.Z. ; (2) he "cut" this and other objectionable Eassages when he learned of who were to e present ; and (3) gave the original sermon to the reporters, so that they would publish it in full. To this the general reply is as follows : (1) The press if it heard the sermon pub I lished what it knew to be a false report. If i it didn't hear it, then it had no right to take a written document which contained matter attacking other denominations. Under all such circumstances, a document becomes an ex parte statement. (2) The press having published the docu- ment as a true and faithful report, the public could hardly be blamed for accepting'it as genuine, and that the author desired this is shown by his explanation-he didn't think it j necessary to eliminate any of the offensive passages in the proofs. (3) The Archbishop, if he didn't believe the attacks to be justified, bad no excuse for ? writing them inN.Z. I? he wrote them be- lieving them to be true, be had no right, as a I fearless and truthful preacher, to " cut" them ' in his sermon. If having some late scruple he did "cut" them, he had no right io let them go to the public newspapers, when t he ยก verdict could only be one thing-either that the preacher made an attack on Protestant- ism in the presence of the Protestant Governor, whicli the latter should not have listened to, or that, being desirous of making such un attack, he had recourse to a trick, giving HS a true report in the papers what he shrank from giving from the pulpit, and lead, ing the public to suppose that he, the preacher, showed an openness that was not apparent, and the Governor a corresponding lack of dignity in submitting to an insult, which expediency forbade. That is how "the ecclesiastical storm" strikes the majority of people in ihat part of it coming under the heading of " fact." The presence of the Governor at Mass, and the truth or falsity of the charges made against Protestantism may be left undiscussed by the present writer as a mere matter of " opinion." 