Seventy Times Seven. IMUSEED BY SrECIil, AJIKAXOEUKXI. : By -.ADELINE &ERGEANT;, Author or "The Story of a I'ouiteut Sonl," "Jaoohi' Wife," " Roger Vimbrongli's Wife," " Xho Great Mill Street Mystery," "A Life Sentence," "Dr. Emiieott's Experiment, " " A, Rogue's Daughter, " "The Luck of ilie House," " Gasper Brooke's Daughter," "No Ambition,'' &c;„ &e.; , ' . corYciaHT. . : CHAPTER XIII.— Continued). It was partly for this roason that he did not linger long at Gay Street on the even- iugs when Magdalen was to bo there. " An infatuation for a face." us he called it to himself, ought to be discouraged. He tried not to see her — not to speak to her. And it was easy enough to avoid her, for she never thrust herself in his way. Mr. St. Aidaii thought that his interest in the classes for working-men was dying out; but this was not the ease, though he was sometimes so tired that it was as much as ho could do . not to fall asleep over the wearisome read ing and writing lessons. He lincl a careworn look, and excused himself from one or two of the Rector's invitations on the ground of want of time. " Making haste to lie rich !" observed Mr. St. Aiilan to his wife, with a lialf- sad, liaif-eontemptunus smile. "Poor fellow! I am disappointed in him after all." Ursula was right when she once said that Max was more misunderstood by bis friends than by his enemies. lb was by accident rather Ibnn by design that he mot Miss Liugard one 'evening after the boys had gone away Ten o'clock bad struck, and Mux bad volunteered to Help the Rector in re-arranging some books in a cupboard. To toll the truth, that vision of a, face had been unusually troublesome all day, and be felt inclined to try whether a meeting with its owner would not lay the ghost. He bad not seen her for some time, ami be was startled by the pallor and the weariness of her face. " Wait for me a moment," said Sir. St. Aidan, bustling away' into another class room with a pile of linen-covered books. ' I'll escort you home, Madge." Miss Liugard sank down 011 one of the benches with an unconscious air of fatigue which struck pain to Mux's heart. For a moment she closed her eves. "You do too much," Max said to her abruptly " You are over-tired. You ought nut to have come to-night." She uiielied her eyes with a look of slight surprise. ' There is 110 one to take my place here," she answered gently. " No one can do your work as you do it," said Max, almost roughly, "I Jcnow that well enough ; hub surely somebody might lie found to help." Then he broke oft', and added, with a vexed knitting of the brows, ' i beg your pardon. Of course it's no business of mine." iShc smiled. She was not offended, be remarked, but she looked a trifle roused ami amused. He turned away, impatient and .angry with himself. Why should ho havo manifested any interest ill her doings? They did not matter to him. Only lie did not. liko to see a woman half-killing herself with work — that was all. " it our sister teaches in the Sunday school at St. Judo's, Mi-. Brandon," said Magdalen, presently. " Do you think that she would 'help us' here?" Max looked at lior and hesitated. "I don't know. She might. Shall I ask her?" "I thought of calling on Mrs. Brendon," said Magdalen, "and trying to culist Miss Brandon's sympathies." "I'm afraid," said Max, in a low tone, " that her sympathies are not easily enlisted." Here Mr. .St. Aidan returned, and nothing more was said. Magdalen was a little sur prised by Max's manner, and wondered whether ho judged his sister harshly, - or whether she were really a very impractic able person. I-'ho paid her visit next day, and formed her own conclusions. Mrs. Brandon was lofty and patronising; Gertrude uninteresting and uninterested. Cecil lounged in and out of the room again, superciliously polite; Bessie was forward and perl, and sulked when her mother snubbed her. Ursula did not appear. Magdalen's keen eyes observed all that was painful in the scene, and she judged leniently of Max's shortcomings ever after wards. It must have been uphill work for him to interest himself in the poor at all, after years spent in the midst of such a family. She met oUli no success when she asked Gertrude to'nclp her with licr class. Ger trude had no fancy for giving up even 0110 evening a week for tlio sake of a " set of shop girls." 'Neither aid nor "sympathy could be looked for from mother or daugh ter; and when Magdalen rose to go she feir. chilled and discouraged, although her gentle serenity was apparently undisturbed. Shu did not see Max again for a couple of nights, and she noticed, when tlicy met, that his face wore a singularly troubled and dissatisfied expression. " I was unsuccessful," she said to him, With a smile. "Yes, T. know. I am sorry. You did not see Ursula?" "No. 1s she another sister?" " ISlio is too young and ioo — too inex perienced to be of any use, I ain afraid; but she would like to come for one evening to look and listen, if you will allow her. 1SI10 has teased me into asking you." " I shall be delighted to see licr. Perhaps Mrs.. Brandon will let her come regularly?" "I can't- say," Max replied, rather shortly. ' 1 don't think she wishes it, but Ursula ,'cucrally gets her own way." Tlio dissatisfaction of his tone was evi dent. Magdalen wondered, but did not like to question. Perhaps Ursula was only t, repetition of Gertrude, with a school-girl mriosity superadded ! But she invited him .0 bring her, whenever Ursula liked to come. Max's own opinion was that permission 'or Ursula's visit bad been dcuriy bought >y a violent quarrel between the girl and her mother, and a subsequent appeal to Mr Brendon, who had decided in Ursula's favour. Mrs. Brandon was deeply offeuded ; Ursula saucily triumphant. Max, sore and bitter ill heart at the unhappy state of affairs, manifested his dissatisfaction liy appcaring only at meals and wearing his gloomiest countenance. He escorted her to Gay Street, as be bad promised to do, but ho said scarcely a word to her on the way thither, and" Ursula, usually on such good terms with him, i'clt that she was in disgrace. She was too proud to let liim see that this1 troubled her; and her eyes were very bright, her smiles very sunny,, when she was introduced to Miss Liugard, with whom Max loft licr when be went to his oivn class. At the close of the evening ho went back for her, and found lulr talking eugorly with Magdalen. It was plain that she hail been enjoying herself ; her colour and her animated look told Max as much. "Anything now?" lie muttered to himself, knitting his brow as he waited for her to don lier outdoor attire. "you'll let mo come every week, Miss Liugard, will you not?" Ursula was saying eagerly. "I should dearly liku to teach that little lame girl — oh, it will bo delight ful! Every Wednesday at eight o'clock. 1 II be most regular." "Ursula!" Mux could not keep bis voice from growing peremptory, and liis brows dark. " You are not free to dispose of your lime ill that way." " Thank you, Sir. Brendon," said Mag dalen, who. had been looking half-pleased and half- perplexed. "I was going to ask her a question about Ucr home duties." Ursula gave her shoulders an impatient twist. - "Do you think," Magdalen asked, with a glance at Max's face, " that Mrs. Brendon would object to her coming to help me now and then?" " 1 am sure of it," said 'lax. moodily. "Ursula has her studios; she will not be allowed to leave (hem for a whole evening 01100 a week." Ursula's eves Hashed angrily, and then as suddenly tilled with tours. Magdalen sa-.v the change in the girl's face, ami pitied her. She could not- quite understand Max's tone ; it seemed to her harsh and unkind : but she did not know all that had gone before. As it chanced, however, she said the very thing that, was good for Ursula to hear. "Patience, my dear!" she murmured, laying her hand caressingly 011 the girl's arm. "Perhaps you will be able to help mo by-and-by when your school-days are over. ! emmoi have you here if your mother disapproves of your coming ; vouv work would never prosper if it began ill dis obedience " Ursula lifted her fear-filled eyes for a moment, to Miss Linguui's face, then stood downcast and silent. Magdalen drew her aside; she did not want Alex to heal- all that she said. But Max's ears were very quick. " " Wo needs must love the highest when we sec it.' " she quoted in her sweet- and gentle voice. "What is 'the highest' for you just now? To follow your mother's wishes, dear child. No good will come of neglecting the duty thai is nearest, to you." " That is," said Ursula passionately, "that- I am to go lionie and do lessons — lessons — lessons, all day long, and have 110 real work in the world; and you will go 011 working here and — end — forget ail about me !" Magdalen was inclined to smile at the tremble in the girl's voice, but she re strained licrself. After all, it was nothing to laugh at. Poor Ursula, goaded into rebellion in an uncougciuai home, yearning for 1111 affection which was withheld, had suddenly caught a glimpse of the beauty of work for others less favoured by fortune' than herself. Her whole nature responded to Magdalen's gentle call, fcihe was ready to fall down and worship her new friend ; and lo, the idol was quietly rejecting her adoration! "I will not forget you," said Magdalen. "You will help me when you come to the Priory sometimes, when you have a holiday. I will write a note 10 your mother about it. Believe me, dear, you will be happier if you give up your own will and your own way. Remember that 'obedience is better than saeritice.' '' She kissed the wistful face as she said good-bye. CHAPTER XIV. MaEKTINK AX!) GlVlXU IX itAEEIAGE. "lull must be tf?i enthusiastic if Lir&i; fefeu&rJSi; !S friendship Pffl Wfe »«- »U; She was b u 1- ifi 11 g to mirtl" Miss Lingard to Max, but sbe did not liko to break the silence iu which tlio first few minutes of their walk homo' were pusscd. ITc was seldom angry with her; but she know that he was angry now or else he would speak instead of "lighting a cigar, and then walking with his hands iu liis pockets in a sulky way. At last she could bear it no longer, and said petulantly, " Why don't you talk?" ' I've got nothing to say." "Why not?" Then, after a pause, "You generally help mo ; you urc not usually so ' Help you ! What do you wish me to do now/ Help you to defy vour mother's wishes? You know I will nob do that. I brought you here to- night under protest." . Ursula was rather dismayed, and, but for fcho influence of Magdalen's words, would havo been ciliary." "X don't mean lha.t," she said, in a sup pressed voice. "I meant — I mean — that I'll try to do what she wants. Miss Liugard made me see that I ought." "Oh! »So a word from Miss Liugard, whom you have never spoken to before, goes farther than anything your own family can sayX " You never said anything." "You knew 'what I thought. Not that whaii I thought seems to have been of much consequence." Ursula hated crying, but she was obliged to raise her Inind and dnsli awav one or two tears that were dimming her eves n! that moment. Mux saw the gesture, and ' liis heart softened at once! "Never mind," lie said, kindly, putting ins hand through her arm. "If 'you nicaii to do better, it doesn't mailer who made you sco tlio rights and wrongs of the care. There is something horrible to me in seeing » girl defy and disobey her mother; it is unnatural — unwomanly." 4 "Its so difficult sometimes to get on with mamma!" Ursula murmured with drooping hetul. "You don't know how nureasouablc she is!" "Don't I?" He turned away his face and recollected » few of the instances in which Mrs. Bren- don hud been "unreasonable" in her de mands upon hiqi ; instances far more numer ous than any that Ursula could enumerate. ; It shard for a girl to bear," he said to himself with si stilled sigh, as lie drew her closer to his side and spoke with a tender ness wliich he seldom allowed himself to oxliimt. " There uro plenty of things in the world that wo must nniko up oar minds to bear quietly, lie said, "and v\vhen wc know what our duty is, wc havo no excuse for neglecting it. You and I, Ursa, both have our diiiicult-ios ; let us nut a good face on them and bear Iheni together. That will help us both." 'Dear old Mux! i will try. Aud you wont lie cross with me any more':" " Do a good gii l, then !" suid Max, suffer ing himself to bo drawn into the shadow of tho shrubbery (they had reached tho garden gate) ami vcliomcntfy kissed before tlioy entered tho house. Ursula yavc him a curi ous look as they stoud on the front-dour steps togethor. "It's ail odd thing," she said, "that you and Miss Lingard lake just the same tone in talking to me. You have not been consult ing with her, have you?" " Not I," laughed Max, feeling his face grow hot for some reason or other. " I don't know her well enriugh to consult licr.", "Then you must ho naturally much alike," said Ursula, as she went on. And Max was annoyed with himself for feeling pleased. Ursula's submission to Miss Lingard and Max involved submission to her mother; and she never did things by halves. Itlax was amazed to hear her words that night to Mrs. Brendon : "Thank you for letting mc go to Gay Street, mamma. I'm sorry I was rude and id-tempered about it. I'll try to behave better in future." " I'm sure I hope you will," was Mrs. Brandon's ungracious response, as slie al lowed the girl to hiss her coldly-proifcred cheek. But tlio words had perhaps some effect on her decision, when a unto from Miss Lin gard arrived, inviting Ursula and Bessie to tea at the Priory on the Saturday following. Mrs. Brendon was not insensible to the advantages of being friendly with a woman so intimately cnunectcd with " tho County " as Miss Lingard. Certainly she was living in retirement for the present, but she might take up the old Society life at any moment; she might even marry splendidly aud keep open house at the Priory, and thcu what a good tiling it would lie if Ursula had gaiuod a fuotilig there ! Oh, yes ; the children might go to the Priory ; that, us Mrs. Brendon carefully explained, was a very different' thing from joining Miss Lingard 111 foolish schemes at Gay Street. Ursula curled lior lip disdainfully at this distinc tion, but wisely restrained her tongue, and the invitation was accepted. to r.u coxTixtrari, 