AN.. INDIAN HORROR . (A. Sarath Kumar Ghosh, in the "Daily Express," July 12.) At this moment, from the banks of the Godavery to the waters of the Sutledj. all India is a desert. Sixty millions of peo ple, as large a number as would twice fill England and Wales, are raked with the pangs of hunger; six millions would die to-morrow but for a handful of rice. How many more have passed away beyond the reach of human aid, no man can tell. In Central India the affliction is the deepest. The fields are void and barren. and with -ut people. The cracked earth, burnt to i mahogany brown, shrieks for rain. Not 1 patch of green anywhere, not a blade ' f grass. The leaves of the trees, with zerid, frizzled, twisted, have fallen off the a'K; cd b:anches. In entire villages not a ;\':_:g soul can be seen, save, perhaps. an n:eiated bullock breathing out its life in :h} company of a starving crow, that .'?tches for its last gasp from, an adja ,eut dung-heap. Half the population, hose still able to walk or stand, have Sor:e off to the relief camps; the other half rave laid themselves down to die in sil naee in, hovels and dark places. The scenes-in the camp are grim and 'ragic. From one thousand to five thou ard are gathered together. ii different !'aces--a multitude of skin and hones, .nd h!ollow, glassy eyes. The flesh on any -"f hell would not cover the body of an •.verage English babe. Their emaciated :,esc bear the expression of abysmal de :ir, intensified a hundredfold= by con trast with the look of-intelligence and even of refinement in those not so far. lene in starvation. Little children, who lave come with their mothers into the :amp, stand with .large lustreless eyes, .watching the hungry, mangy curs, that, .oo. have followed in the wake of the population-and they fight with the curs to snatch a half-eaten crust. The usual :abor in the camp is breaking stones; the p.iy, an anna (penny) a day. A large leap, comprising a dozen big rocks, the :argest half a hundredweight, is a man's allotted task: a lesser heap. a woman's ; malf a man's heap is a child's. And these :tones have to be broken up so small as to make macadam roads. A traveller was passing by the camp, a sturdy young Englishman. He noticed a man sitting before his unbroken heap. with his arms thrown dejectedly over his knees. A few yards off was a girl of eight, ineffectually tapping a cobble stone with a small mallet. The traveller took in the situation, and asked the- man for his hammer. The half-starved crea ture's hands trembled weakly in" merely ra!sing the hammer, and the young Eng lishman, athlete though he was, essayed a dozen vigorous blows before he could split the rock. But he stayed an hour. and broke up the man's heap and the girl's. And now a new terror was added to the sufferings of the multitude. So far they had water to drink; now the shallow wells, dug with spades and mattocks, had yielded up'their last dropi." The camp had no scientifiq apparatus for boring deep ar tesian wells. And the heat was terrific ; i50 deg. in the sun. The sun was a ball of Fire in a sky of copper. The thirsty mul titude gazed upwards with lolling ton ques, but saw not a rain-cloud anywhere. Maddened with unutterablepain, they broke forth in search of water. In a body they deserted the camp. Hunger was bad: thirst a thousand times worse. Far across the fields they roamed in groups of tens and twenties. At last a cry of Joy was heard: it came from a party mak ing towards a clump of trees and low bushes. All within ear-shot rushed that way. In the centre of the little jungle was a stagnant pool-the remains of last year's rains, protected from the fierce sun by the overhanging trees and tall bam boo reeds. But the water was a yellow ish green, covered with a threefold layer of rotting leaves. It was all alive with living, creeping things, and buzzing with blue-winged flies. Into this the multitude cast themselves, and lapped up the water greedily with their tongues. That night cholera broke out in the cainp-"black cholera." that tortures its victims with untold agonies before releas ing them by death. Its only mercy is that it is so short; sometimes three hours. at most six. That night the multitude laid themselves down by the roadside. Most of them were in bare loin cloths; here and there one lay shrouded in a white sheet like a silent ghost. The heat was 110 in the shade. anid this at night. The unwin ing moon shone alike upon dead and dy ing. Not a breath, of wind stirred the dust-motes that hung in the air. like painted spots against a painted sky. Af ter a while-the English doctorcame. He felt a pulse here, examined a distended eyeball there, shook his head in silence, and passed on. Only a few received a dose from the black bottles his assistant carried. The others awaited their turn some lying still in callous apathy, some struggling up with feverish eyes, to read their doom in the doctor's face. Suddenly a low moan was heard in the palpitating stillness-from some poor wretch who had read his death warrant. The effect was instantaneous. The cry passed frbm mouth to mouth. Eleven hundred moans shook tle hot air, eleven hundred cowering forms swayed from side to side in agonising terror. It was black despair and panic now. A sudden panic, appalling in its intensity. The eleven hundred rose up, all but the dead, and lied into the night-some tottering and falling, rising again in vain effort, then cast prone upon the earth-some realing like drunken men, helping each other with locked hands, like the blind leading the blind. But all fled into the 'jungle. the white, pitiless moon shining upon the huddled heaps that marked the fugitives' flight along the fields. And there was none to bury them or burn them. - But-from afar oiff there arose an omin ous sound-hoarse screeches and flapping wings. It was a flockof vultures, starv ing, fierce, fighting one another with claw and talon to get down first to do their horrid work.' This was done in the green wood: what shall it be said of the dry? WVho shall speak of the pains of those who remained in the village? Respectable women, veil ed from the eyes of men, who to dig were lnot able, and to beg were ashamed! And when the hot, sleepless night came upon the men, they iLad at least the roadway to lie upon. But what of the unseen wo men who panted beneath low. flat Coofs and red brick walls? And what of the children?-for where tile women are, there are the children also. 