HEARD ROUND TOWN! Many nasty. imprecations against tho wind and dust. Tha'. at a private dance the other night gentlemen wre strictly tabooed, nnd tho ladies lud it 'all on their o* n. That the Stah columns aro still open for discussion on tbu much vexed ques tion of Church Atiendanco. That Mr. Barton is first favorite fur tbo first federal-prouiiership stakes ; aiifi That George Houston Reid 's a rank ont-ider ; and That he of the uionoclcd-pye does not relish playing tbo puHitimi of nonentity. That tho truth of the aphorism 'lis ail ill wind and etc.' ia brought into question by the fact tlixt the present winds havo not brought any ono any good ; but Tbat it is to bo earnestly hoped that they will bring tho town a wnlar curt for tbo streets. That the Boor is playing it low down when ho descends to assassina tion— which would norm to substanti ate those charges about abusing the white flag. Tha; the evergreen 'Jersey' is again on the mend. That the Hega-Eden Railway Loaguo ihieatons to devolvo into a fnice ; and That it is but tbo ghost of its former solf. Ilmt ptoceodingB iu tho railway meeting were so relax that the greatest difficulty was experienced in persuading memlors to act on the committeo. Tlint it takes tho 's.,ap and candlo trade' to win a governm'nt subsidy. Tlmt some funny things happened at tbe dtnea tbe other night ; and Thai the young man who bad three successive dancea witb tbo one partner and then held hor on bis knees rather than leave her is in a bsd way. Tbat a git 1 always thinks a man's heart is in the right plnce until tho is discardo I for another. That a nice little sc^nn occurred in a hotel not far from Bega lately, the central figure being a commercial trav eller, who bad been imbibing freely the night previously ; and .Loai upon rising iu ure*o in mo morning, the gontleman in question was at a loss to know what hud be come of his trousers, and rang op iho landlord, whom bo soundly abused for not looking after the property of bis patrons , but That the whole afTsir was chared up hy the 'boot.' ol the hots), who ex plained thut tho gentleman bsd placod his trouhprs outside to be cleaned in stead of his boots. That a townsman, oo lookiog into tbe Si'hmil nf Arts hall on Thursday evening at thn hour fixed for the rail way meatinn finding nu one present, came out and aakod why tbo ball was like Heaven ; nnd That no -.ne bring able to answer tho conun Irum. tho geutlemau said '?beraum thoro's uot a d ? soul iu thero.' That a Bega man who attended the boll nt Oindelo last week waa takno down for a brand new half guinea hat ; and That tho only thing thut prevented tbo said man from 'getting bis bair off' completely whs tbo fact there were oo more hats available and that tbo night was bitterly cold. That there ia some talk cf two Can delo pedestrians being matched at an early date ; and That when the race is m er the win ner is sure to get thiiktrcd. 