SERMON BY THE KAISER (By the Berlin correspondent of "Daily " Chronicle.") On Sunday morning as thelmperialyacht Hohenzollern lay before Heligoland with' the Kaiser and Kaiserin on . board, a re ligions service was conducted by his Ma jesty which made a deep impression on tftnoA nrooanf. The Kaiser took for bis text Exodus xvii., 11—" And it came to pass when Moses held np his hand that Israel pre vailed ; and when he let down his hand Amalek' prevailed." It was the seventh sea sermon which the Kaiser lias preached. Its subject was the sacred duty and sacred power of intercession. His Majesty began.—" The grace of cur Lord Jesus Christ, the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost be with U3all. Amen." He then read the text. amalekitbs in asia. " It is a striking picture," began the Imperial preacher, " wliich our tex-t paints. Israel is wandering through the wilderness from the Red Sea to Mount Sinai, but suddenly the heathen Amale- kites meet tliern in the way, and will hinder their passage, and it comes to battle. Joshua leads the young men of Israel in the fight, swords clash, a hot, bloody struggle begins in" the valley of Rephidim. But while the battte rolls to and fro, those holy, men of God, Moses, Aaron and Bur, ascend to the summit of the hill. They raise their hands aloft towards heaven. They are praying. Below in the valley the battling host, above on the mountain the praying host — that is the sacred battle picture of our text. Who does net to-day understand what it says to us? Once again- has the heathen spirit of the Araalckites been raised in distant Asia. With great power, much cunning, with destruction and mur der, it will dispute - the way to European trade and European culture, will dispute the victorious march of Christian customs and Christian faith, and again is heard God's command, " Choose us out men, and go out, fight with Amalek." " The hot, sanguinary struggle has begun. Already a number of our brethren are over there in the fire, many more are travelling to the hostile coasts, and you have seen the thousauds who to the "call ' Volunteers to the front ! Who will guard the Empire V have assembled themselves to battle with victorious banners. But we who remain at home are bound by other sacred duties. Do you not hear God's call which comes to you—' Ascend to the mountain, raise thy hands aloft towards heaven.' ' The prayer of the righteous man availeth much, if it is earnest.' There in the distance, the embattled hosts; here at home the hosts of praying people. That is the sacred battle picture of our days. THE SOLDIER'S NEED. " In this quiet morning, hour we are re minded of the sacred duty of intercession, nf f.hn. aanpprl nnwur nf lnforfiocQinn Tfc »q certainly a moving moment when a ship with'young soldiers on board lifts the an chor. -Have you not seen the eyes of the soldiers shine ? Have you not heard their thousand-voiced hurrah ? But when the home coasts have vanished, and have been exchanged for the glowing heat of the Red Sea or ocean storms, how easily do fresh ness and enthusiasm vanish ! A proud moment when, after a prolonged voyage, the clear lines of the German forts are seen in the distance, when the black, white, and red flags of the German colony are visible, and brothers in arms stand on shore jubilant to receive them ? But then come weary marches under a burning sun, a bivouac at nights in rain. How easy joyousness and power are crippled. It is a longed-for moment when at last the battle drum beats for the attack, the trumpets sound for the fight, when the command is heard, ' Charge the enemy ?' But when amidst the thunder of cannon and the sputtering of shell comrades are falling right and left, and the enemy's batteries will not yield, how easily the bravest heart may quake. In order that our brothers may continue happy out there in most bitter necessity, iu order that they may be faithful to their most difficult duties and uninjured iu extreme danger, they require more than munitions and sharp weapons, more than youthful courage and burning enthusiasm — they require blessing from on high, and power for victory from above, otherwise they can gain nothing. It i6 only prayer to which this heavenly world will open. Prayer is the golden key to the treasury of our God. He who possesses this key has also the promise—' To him who asks it shall be given.' the "mailed fist." "Woe unto us if we remain slothful, sluggish, while they are engaged in their difficult bloody work, if from our place of security we only curiously look on while they wrestle in battle. That would bo Cain's attitude with its horrid ' Am I my brother's keeper ?' That would be heart- lessness towards our brave brothers risking their lives. Not only shall we mobilise battalions of troops ; we shall also set in motion an array of praying people, to beg and entreat for our brethren that they may be the strong arm to punish the assassins— the mailed fist to strike into the wild chaos. With sword in hand, may they strike for our most sacred possesions, lb is thus we should accompany, them with our prayers on. the stormy seas, on their marches, amidst the thunder of cannon, in the quiet of hospitals. We would pray that God the Lord will make them strong and manly at their post, that they fight like 116(06!) UHUdUllvull y LlJut bllOj UTdVClj clUU quietly bear the pain of their wounds, that He may give those who fall in the fire a blessed end and reward of their fidelity — in short, that He may make heroes of our men, lead thoso heroes to victory, and then, with laurels on their helmets and an order on their breasts, that he may lead them home to the land of their fathers. the power of prayer. " What does our text say 1 ' While Moses held up his hand, Israel prevailed.' The earnest prayers of Moses blunted the swords of the enemy, they struck like a wedge into the battle ranks of the enemy, made them waver, and secured the victory for Israel's fluttering banners. If, there fore, Moses's prayers wrought this result, shall our prayers fail? God has never yet revoked a single syllable of His promises. Earnest prayer can still to-day cast the Dragon banner into the dust and plant the banner of the Cross 011 the walls. Moses does not stand alone with his intercession. Yonder on the heights of Sodom stands Abraham interceding — Ij-L t.vm T in flia Kiivninn Olfw Shall our prayers not succeed in deliver ing our fightingbomrades from the fire of battle ? In Jerusalem the young Christian community is on its knees praying. Their leader, their father, lies in prison. Their prayers summon the A ngel of God to the prison, and Peter is led forth unharmed. Shall notour prayers have the same power to-day to burst open the doors for the oppressed, for the imprisoned, for the persecuted, and summon the angels to their side ? Yes ; the God of old still lives, still reigns, the Holy God who cannot permit the triumph of Bin and wickedness, . but leads His righteous cause against a wicked people — the Almighty God against whom the strongest walls are as spiders' webs, who can scatter the hugest masses like heaps of sand— the merciful, faithful God who bears the weal and woe of His peoplein His Father's heart, who bears every sign, and sympathises with every grief.' Pious prayer opens His Father's heart, and it is fnl! of love. True continuous prayer brings God down from heaven, and places Him in our midst ; and if God be for us, who can be against us ? THE COMING FIGHT. " Higli up in ancient towers bang strange bells : they are rung by no human hand, they hang still and dumb when the sun shines, but when thestorm wind comes they swing and ring out, and their loud clanging is heard far below in the frilly in every human, heart. God has rang the bell in sunshine and happiness. Bow often does it hang there mute?! ijut when storm; winds of necessity break ont it begins to sound. Necessity teaches pteyer, just aa it aoea at home. May the. earnest days which are upon us, -the war clouds which gather over ob, set -the prayer bells swinging. Let us pray for our brothers in—battle ; and that not only in ceremonial hoars, but also truly. Just as our fathers every, evening in war time rang the ' bells, un- coveriug their heads and praying, ' Abide with as, Lord Jesus Christ, .now -it is eventide,' so let us every day-, rememboi our intercessory prayer. Moses held up his hands till the sun weiit down, ana Joshua discomforted Amalek- -with the edge of his sword.' Our fight will not be finished in one day, but let not our hands grow weary or sink until victory is secured. Let our prayers be as a wall of fire round the camp of our . brethren, And how will this thought strengthen, encourage, and inspirit them, that thous ands—ay, millions !— at home bear them on praying hearts. The King of all Kings summons volunteers to the front. Who will offer prayer for the Empire? If it only could be here as it once was, " The King called and all came — He is a mau who can pray.' History will some time describe the battles of these .days, but mail only sees what is before his eyes ; he can only say what the wisdom of leaders, the courage of troops, the sharpness of weapons has done. . But eternity will re veal more, eternity will show that the righteous men were a ' great power in these. struggles will raveal the fulfilment of the., old promise, 'Call upon Me in trouble, and I will deliver thee.' There fore pray continuously." The Kaiser then offered an impassioned prayer, concluding with the Lord's Prayer and the Benediction. 