Century Commemoration. The Sydney District Convention. By direction of the Conference a series of Conventions throughout the colony has been arranged for, and the meetings are now being held. The Rev. John Watsford, at the invitation of the Executive Committee, presided at the Convention at Wagga on Wednesday and Thursday of last week. On Sunday evening (Whit Sunday) he presided at cue *_ieu Denary xiau du a uruwaeu con gregation. A two day's Convention began on Monday under the presidency of Mr. Watsford. At the afternoon session there was a good attendance; those present looked forward to a good time, and they were not disappointed. The venerable chairman around whose per sonality gather many precious memories and associations was not received with a round of noisy applause as he stepped on the platform, but there was a solemn hush, and from scores of hearts there went up the earnest prayer to Heaven that a large measure of the divine grace and power might be given to His honoured servant in the conduct of the Convention. After a season of praise and prayer, and a few introductory words from the Chairman, The Rev. E. J. Rodd was called on to give the first address. The speaker evidently felt the Divine Presence, and in his appeal at the close there was great unction and power. . His theme was, ' To him that hath shall be given, and he shall have abundance,' The great truth he sought to impress upon his hearers was that the Holy Ghost is already dwelling in believers, and that the realisation and appreciation of that glorious fact would be followed by a still richer and fuller manifestation of His presence and power. We should make the most, he urged, of what we have before we can ask for or expect more. While there is an unlimited supply there is no waste in the divine economy. Powers for service have been in us, and yet we have not yet made a faithful use of those talents. The Holy Ghost dwells in us as the spirit of wisdom, love and power ; we are His temples,, and just as we live in the realisation of that fact we shall rise above the per-; plexities of life, the irritability of our tempers, and the difficulties we meet in the discharge of duty. There is some thing in the presence of one we love that helps us in our difficult toil. Paul's experience was, ' Christ liveth in me.' What a main that fact made him 1 what work it enabled him to do ! what sufferings it enabled him to undergo! If we have attempted little it is because we have not realised that we have the Holy Ghost dwelling in us. God help us to realise the great and wonderful gift that is already in us. May it stir us up first, that we may do the best with that which is in us, and then He will give us more power to accomplish greater deeds for Him. A hymn was then sung, and Mr. J. Gorbett was announced as the next speaker. He said he desired to stir up their pure minds by way of remem brance, and took his audience back to the day when the Holy Spirit first came down on the day of Pentecost. That gift was not meant for a limited time or for a secret and favoured few, but to believers in every age and place, and to be of permanent duration. ' The com fortor,' Christ said, ' shall abide with you for ever.' He has never been with drawn, but abides with us the source of life, and light and power. He still abides with His church, exercising His power, and increasing the sphere of His gracious operations. As believers are multiplied and the church is extended. Centuries may roll between us and Pentecost, yet faith has lived, and truth has lived, because of the presence and benignity of the Holy Ghost. Never was so great an army marching under the banner of the Cross as to-day. It is in the dispensatisn of the Holy Spirit that we live, we are the children of the Pentecost, we are part of the great spiritual harvest, the first fruits of which were waved before the Lord on the day of Pentecost. What does this mean for us ? We cannot live on the past ; we must have the Spirit in us and with us to-day. Every believer re ceives the Holy Ghost when he receives Christ. ' God hath sent forth the Spirit of His Son crying ' Abba, Eather.' ' If we have not the Spirit of God dwelling in us, then we have not received Christ as our Saviour. ' If any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of His.' The Holy Ghost is the divine and permanent witness to Jesus and His mediatorial reign. This should result in spirituality and power in each believer, and in the aggregate in His Church on earth. Are we as spirit ually strong as we ought to be, seeing the Spirit is given to us to dwell in us ? Do we allow Him to exercise in us His life-giving and Baving efficacy as he desires to exercise it ? If not we fetter the Divine Spirit and hamper the church and incapacitate her for her great spiritual work. We are engaged in these times in nation building, and in connec tion with that important work there is a mighty call to the Church of God that she should excuse the great pererogative of witness- bearing. We must get ready for this work. Earth and heaven look to us, and with all solicitude of love upon our endeavours. Let us pray as we sing, 'Take my soul and body's powers. Take my memory, mind and will ; All my goods and all my hours ; All I know and all I feel ; All I think or speak or do, take my heart ; but make it new.' Let us put everything earthly in the fire to be burned up and surrender every God-made and blood-redeemed faculty to Him to be used in the service of the King. A chorus of subdued, but heart felt Amens at the conclusion of the address, showed that the heart of the meeting was with the speaker, who throughout spoke with much of the Spirit's power. ? The Chairman referred to the Gee long Convention, which meets annually, a.hd the blessings received by those who regularly attend its sessions. He men tioned the cases of a Presbyterian minister and an Anglican dignitary who attended, and although at first not in sympathy with the meetings because of their want of knowledge of them, after wards received much blessing from them. He gave some items from his own experience of the sustaining power of the grace of God in times of need, ?especially during an operation recently performed upon himself for the removal ?of a cataract from his eye. For an . hour and a-half he lay upon the oper ating table without the administration ?of chloroform while the doctors worked at his eye and removed the membrane, which had threatened him with blind ness. An adjournment was then made for tea, which was provided on the premises. This was followed by an interval meet ing, conducted by Eev. F. Colwell. 