WITH NUMBER THREE. BY RUDYARD KIPLING* NO. L All the world over, nursing their scars, S.t the roor flghtiog men brake in our Trans. Sit the poor fighting men, surly ana grim, Mockmg the lilt of the con^eror-e hymn. Dust of the battle, o'erwhelmed them and bid Fame never found them for aught that they did. Wounded aad spent, to the lazar they drew. Lining the road where the legions weat through. Sons of the Laurel, that prese to your meed Ye that tread triumphing crowned toward the star?, Pity poor fighting men bi»ke in oar ?wars ! The sun had faded the Red Cross on her panels almost to brick colour, had warped her woodwork and blistered her paint. Tor three months ehe had jackalled behind the army— now at Belmont, now at Magerefontein, now at Rensbnrg, and in that time had carried over thirteen hundred sick and wounded. In her appointments, her doctors, her two nurs ing sisters, and her nineteen orderlies there was neither veneer nor pretence, coquetry of uniform, nor the suspicion of official side. She was starkly set for trie work in hand, her gear worn smooth by use and habit, detailed for certain business only, and to that business most strictly attending. As she started from no known platform I came aboard early, and -while we lay silent as a ship in port, the big stock -pot purring in the kitchen, the bottles clicking in the pharmacy as the dootor counted them over, I felt that peace had never been in our generation — that dumber Three Hos pital train — iodoform-scented, washed, scrubbed, and scoured — had plied si&ce; the beginning of time. IMPERIOUS TRAINS. Know now that hospital trains have the right of way over all traffic, and since their crews feed aboard them, need only stop to water and change engines. We slipped out of Capetown into the twilight at a steady twenty-five mile an hour on our six hundred mile journey north. Some day people in Australia will realise what it means to handle armies and their supplies over this distance on a single three-foot six line. The war his been a war of ehunting and side tracking, of telegraphs and time- tables ; so we may hope that the railway men, who have worked like devils, will not be overlooked 'when the deco rations come ripe. Because the line runs through Cape Colony, and because Cape Colony is — 'wb have the highest authority for it — loyally trying to be ' ueutraL' every bridge, every culvert, every point at which the line may be cut or blown up was guarded by a little detachment of armed men. These are drawn chiefly trom local corps, such as the Duke of Edinburgh's Osfh Volunteer Rifles. They do not like the work ; they love still less the ' loyalty' which has made the fatigue necessary. Said a dust-spotten, begrimed sergeant of the ' Duke's.' as Number Three, double- headed, panted up the Hex River Pass iato the Karroo : 11 We've been here since November. I don't mind telling you we're pretty sick of it. We haven't had a look in at the front yet. Wo sit here aad patrol the line. Lovely work 1' The getting of the picture hardly varied a hair's-breadtb. The single track, lifting and dancing in the heat, the brown, hairless hills dusted with split stones, the sleek mirage, the knot of khaki figures, the dingy tent6, repeated themselves ae though we were running in circles. Here was a water- tank. Kutnber Three drank of it, sucking thirstily ; here was a epeckle of ten houses and a refreshment-room, which we hai no need to enter ; here was a now- laid siding, and Number Three flung them all behind her ; but from the men with rifles, the red-eyed, bristle bearded, disgusted truck- watchers there was no escape. ' I GO WITH MY SAHIB.' Suddenly we overhauled a train -load of horses, Bhownagar's and Jamnagar'e gifts to the war ; stolid saices and a sowar or two in charge. ?? Whence dost thou come i1' ' From Bombay, with a Sahib.' He looked like a Hyderabad!, but he had taken off most of his clothes. ' Dost thou. know the name of this land ?' ' No.' ?* DoBt thou know whither thou goest f' ?' I do not know.' ' What, then, dost thou do f' ' I go with my Sahib.' Great is the East, serene and immutable. We left them feeding and watering as the order was. A few miles further on — 40 or 50 are of no ac count in this huge place — were guns, infantry, and buck-waggons, rumbling towards De Aar, and, I think, New South Wales Lancers. Then a Vic torian contingent camped by the wayside, happier than the Duke's, because they were nearer the front, but wrathful in that certain Canadians still further up the line had had the audacity to make a camp called Maple Leaf. They wanted news of the Burma Military Police —long men on little clock-work ponies, recently landed, and vanished. Corps have a nack of disappearing bodily in this country. ♦ Of the Burmans I knew nothing, but could furnish information more or leas accurate of some Malay Light Horse lately seen in Cape town, and of some Yeomanry details. ' Ah,' said Australia with a rifle, by the ?water-tank, ' wait till you see our Queensland Bushmen. My word ! They're something.' Then he expressed a private and unprintable opinion about those arrogant Canucks up the line, which opinion twisted the other way I got back again from a Canadian, an Eastern Province man, a few hours later? « STRICTLY IN CONFIDENCE.' Strictly in confidence I may tell you the colonial corps are riding just the least little bit in the (Forld jealous. They have each the honour of a new country to uphold, and it ie neck and neck between them. So I eat joyously on the rear platform while Number Three ran tb.9 links of empire through my hands. English of the Midlands, Cockney, Scotch, Irish, Welsh, African-born, Queenslander (he had been in the Sunnyside ' daur ' and ' blew ' furiously), Victorian, and Canadian — one after another we picked them up and dropped them with a flying word. There was nothing wrong with that chain, and, by the same token, it seemed to have got hold of something at last, for a truckload of Boer prisoners slid by in charge of a few disreputable, bearded cornets. ' Ho 1' said an orderly critically. ' And where did voh pick them up ?' ' Round Paardeberg. There's more to follow. Most of these is Transvaalers.' ' That's all right,' said the orderly. ' COLLECTING TRANSVAALERS.1' ' The army, you see, in collecting Transvaalers, and has come a long way for samples.' ' An' which might be prisoner, an' which is guard?' Said the head cornet, with a battered helmet, ' I'm a sergeant of the Northamptous in charge.' 'Oh, you are, are you ? Then what are you dohjg with Labby's friends ? Take 'em along. Mr. Labouchere won't be pleased at you.' But the sergeant was mightily pleased ; save that his prisoners had not washed for some time. He said it. Then we drew to ' the home of lies, which is De Aar — a junction, the prvot of many of our manoeuvres, and a telegraph centre. It smelt like Umballa platform in the hot weather, and they kept a hell there of 50 half naked telegraph operators, sweating under the blazing kerosene lamps, each man with two pairs of hands and some extra ears. Outside was thick darkness, and the shunting of trucks — thousands of trucke — but the steady boom of the racing instruments beat through all other noises like the noise of hiving bees. THE SIRDAR PASSES. There was some need to work, and, at least, one very good reason in the ehape of a big saloon that glided past us in the night, a lit window re vealing just a chair ani a neat empty table. The Sirdar was on the move ; going down to Naauwpoort to arrange surprises, and it is not at all healthy to be idle when Kitchener passes by. Therefore, and before this war is over, you will hear all sorts of baseless talcs from a certain type of officer who has been made to work ; and you must not believe them. After De Aar time-tables ceased. We were cut adrift on the Sargasso sea of accu mulated rolling- stock between that place ani Orange River. Here the rumours begin. There has been a killing — a big killing— the first satisfactory killing— at Paardederg, up the Modder. Roberts held Cronje in a ring of fire burning day and night. That was none of our concern. We had some news that many wounded waited for us at Modder — thirty officers at Iea6t, and twice as many men — all more or less bad cases. Here and there one could catch the name of a dead man, and the sister's lips tightened. Was So-ind-so alive ? Well, he was a week ago — someone had seen him. And Such-another P Oh, Such-another had been buried a week back. Could Number Three go ahead ? Oh, yes ; but there was a block at the Modder and Kimberlcy was sending down a train full. Number Three whistled madly. Her business was to get up, load, and get away again. Bel mont, with the bullet-holes through the station name-board, interested her not, nor Giaspan either. She had been that road too often — hot on the heels of the very fight iteelf. She checked despairingly, fifth in a line of long trains on the red smear of Modder Plain. The old bridge, wrecked by the Boers, was now all but repaired. At present Number Three would go over the trestle, but as to when Number Three would get across authority could not eay, and whistling was just waste of steam. Merciful rain had laid the duBt, which nor mally lies ten . inches thick, and one could look all across the brick-red land. By this lime you probably know more about Modder than I ; will have seen a hundred photo graphs of the naked coverless plain that tiite to the thin line of trees and the dirty little river ; lifting again northwards, as a slow wave of the Atlantic lifts, towards Shooter's HilJ, where the naval gun played. North of 'this, again, a bluish lump in the morn ing light rises Magerefontein. At that precise moment, but the camp fills and empties as swiftly as the river, most of our men were out with Roberts, nearly thirty miles to the westward. Vast empty acreages showed where their accommodation had stood. Men, horses, and wheels had wiped ont every trace of herbage, and the diminishing perspective of their patient single files attested bow far afield the camp-oxen must go to graze. Horsemen, by twos and threes, wandered forth, attacking interminable distances, in which they were swallowed up. Sidings, solid with trucks, spurred left and right across the plain, and the trucks on the main line backed up to the very shoulders of the resettere repairing the bridge. No. n. Number Three fought her way inch by inch, and was met by a little knot of army sisters. In civilisation their uniform is hideous, but ont here one sees the use of tike equate-cut verni'lion caj)2. Everything else ie duat-coloured, so a maa does not ask where a «ster may be. She leaps 1 to the eye across all the camp. „,,__. I ' And where are our wounded?' asked Number 1 Three. I ' Still coming in from Paardeberg. They re 1 being dressed. You'll get them later. Where I are your spare doctors ? ' I We had come np with six surgeons taken from 1 the big Wynberg and Rondesbosch hospitals, I where for months they had lived on a promise of I work at the front I They were not R.A.M.C. men, but house- I surgeons fresh from the home hospitals, young, I enthusiastic, and happy, though their baggage I had been cut down to the thirty-fere pound scale, I and they had not the ghost of a notion where they I were going. , , I They were uncarted like stags 02 Modder plat- I form, gazed awhile, met a man in authority, ani I were swiftly commandeered. Two or three 1 doctors lay dead or wounded across the plains I and it was a hot preBS for the medical service. I Half a mile across the plain, behind the graves I of the Highland Brigade, lay the hospital tents, I and thither loaded mule and ox waggons were I heading. Like Number Three they had been al I the work a weary while. There came no surprise 1 or bewilderment, hardly even any pity to the 1 onlooker, as the big Red Crosses lurched and I pitched. This, said the waggons, is the custom I with the wounded. Stricken men are gathered 1 as soon as possible by the bearer companies, whose. I casualty list is a heavy one. j TRANSITIONAL STAGES. I They are dree6ed for the first time swiftly and I efficiently. They are then put into the tilted I waggons till they 'reach the hospital that sends j them to the rail. Tbo rail takes the badly wounded I to Capetown and the sea that leads to Netky. I This is the system, said the waggonB, and here I was the system all naked to tho glaring day. I Three nights had the waggons been on -the I road — rained upon, thundered over, and lightned , 1 about—jolted, and jerked, and jarred ; but thg I long and the short of it was that of eight hundred I wounded the waggons had lost not one. _ 1 Would the hospital take delivery, please, sail I the waggons, and they drew aside to rest ; for I their cattle were very, very tired. I As for Number Three No, it would not be I wise to visit Magersfontein. The train might be I filled and sent away at any moment. ^ 1 There was an official ring about this, and I I was not the least surprised that we waited eleven I hours — time to have gone to Magersfontein and 1 back on all fours. But I am glad I etayed by I Numiier Throe. It is early days to make that I field of blood a show-place, and — one can collect I shells on other beaches when peace comes again. I The station was the centre of local society. I The staff, including a German Priuce, lived I across the road in a battered caravanserai with 1 soores of ponies tied to the verandah. 1 The platform was banked with Red Cross cases, I badly needed at Kimbcrley, and with mailbags I badly needed by the men who came up, fingered I them curiously, and slunk away. Business first, I mails later. I The telegraph office was a small edition of De I Aar — hideously overworked. I A knot of sappers came up from the riv6r, I where they had been tamping ballast under a I new siding. Other sappers with ' R.P.R.' on I their hats followed. I These last were the details of the Railway 1 Pioneers, skilled mechanicians, and the like, of I Johannesburg ; and under the grime and the I khaki one met a host of a certain weird dinner I given in the Gold Reef city two years ago. I PRIVATES WITH VISITING CARDS. I One gets used to privates with visiting cards, I and it is perfectly natural to discuss bacteriology, I West African exploration, find the ethica of pub- I lishing, the intricacies of the Bankruptcy Act, ? and the prospects o£ the labour party in South ? Australia with spurred troopers. I So it was not disconcerting to meet men of the ? Chitral Siege, once prisoners in the hands of Omra ? Khan, old schoolmates. Indian staff corps men ? doing duty as ' tail-twisters ' in tho transport, ? lost acquaintances of ten years ago, side by ci&o; ? with the fellow-passenger of three weeks ago, I unrecognisable to-day under sunburn, hair, and ? dust. - ? It was only an undress rehearsal for the Day of ? Judgment. ? A detail of Army Service men en route for a Kimberley spread themselves at ease on their ? baggage, and chaffed a quartermaster-sergeant I who had lost his sword, but by the regulations 9 was miserably tied to the empty scabbard till he ? could return the thing to store. m A knot of excited Life Guards demanded news M of French's division. ? ' Out since Sunday week and no news. We a belong to 'em. We were sick. We want to re- ? join. Do you know where he is ?' a A colonial suggested that cavalry divisions I always suspend operations for a corporal of horse 9 and two dozen troops. M A gunner- driver in a cart, pored over a three- M davs oM Cape paper, for there is no news at the M Modder. 9 A man with a drawn face came out of no- M where and told a story. His wife had died, at M home of influenza ; was dead and buried. His m people could look after the children, thank God ; M but it hurt— it hurt cruelly. He spoke and M vanished. __,.. fl Half a mile up the line a private of itigu- m landers was cooking potatoes and semolina M together. He was in luck. Had helped ' swipe m a Boer waggon overturned by our shell fire, and ? picked up the semolina from the dust. _ ? A knot of officers had made themselves a ruae ? messhouse in a roofless hut, with a blanket tor m shade. One-of them wiehed to see a aster 01 m Number Three to tell her that So-and-EO was m dead. ,. , S A little gathering moved across the dust to look m for the graves of the Highland Brigade. U-^-Q ? now the name-boards are split smd blistered, auu n the date carries us back a thousand years. ? ' CARELESSLY SPILLED VARNISH.' ? And 80 it went on, hour after hour, this pro- ? cession of faces, this tangle of half-caught talet. ? ToTi-sade %veuin« the remnants, &f; i«- ^'-li:' ' - ? battalion moved from the hospital tent in broken isquads, one roan supporting another. They were our ' light ' cases. They would go down to Naauwpoort by the Kimberley train, but first they must be called over. They reached the platform haltingly ; their uniforms were darkened in places by patches as of carelessly spilled varnish, and sometimes their trouser-hems were gummy with the same stuff. They Bat down by companies in the dust, half a score of regiments mixed. Their officers got them fruit aid oigarettes ; the more sound filled their companions' water bottles. They chaffed greatly in undertones, but they did not say one single word which by any construc tion could be considered even coarse. They did not complain, they did not growl, they did not curse. They were going to Naauwport to get well. In a few days they woull return. They had out marched and outmanoeuvred their enemy — on a couple of biscuits a day, for they had also out marched their provisions. Their companions were now attending to that enemy, and they were con tent. WAKED TO LIFE. On their departure Number Three waked to life. The waggons were coming from the hospiials. The doors of the care flew black, orderlies went to their stretchers, the sideboards vrere ripped out of the bunks, the cook put the last flavouring to the big stock-pot, the sisters stood to attention, each in her ward — a doctor and a sister are responsible for half a train apiece— and the bleescd morphine needles were made ready. They ?want rest from pain, our wounded. Food and clean sheets will often bring it, but on occasion we must help nature. The worn, chipped, and scratched rifles clat tered into tho arm- racks, the thin, dusty kits followed, and after them the loaded stretchers. *? Fractured thigh,' said an orderly. ' Which — left or right ? ' said the sister. ' Right,' said the man, and he wa3 slipped on to his back accordingly, injured leg outside, where it could be got at easiest. ' Special,' said the orderly. Here was a clean stomach wound. He could eat milk and slops in a bunk marked to that effect, and the gentlemanly Mauser would Buffer him to live. Down the car he went, thinking nobly of his soul, and in no ?way approving of milk diet. Entered one amputation below the right elbow ?—?very cheery. Full diet for this amputation, but no full diet for yonder lung-shot, who can not lie down without pain. Wore there auy sick ? There were no sick, and the doctors thauked heaven. They would sooner bring down three trains of wounded than one of sick. WHAT DISEASES DO. Dysentery that milks the heart out of a man and ehatnes him before his kind ; rheumatism, which is the seven devils of toothache, In the marrow of your bones ; typhoid of the loaded breath and the silly eye, Incontinent aud consuming ; pneumonia that stabs in the baok and drives the poor soul, suffo cating and bewildered, through all the hells of delirium — we are clear of these for this journey. The clean ascoptic bullet- kiss and the shell cplinter are all our care. Quietly and quickly, but above all quietly, come the stretchers. Fractured shoulder, elbow joint, lung again from right to left, but nothing vital touched ; {shattered forearm (owner says explosive bullet) ; two head cases, but both will live. Eye, head, and neck ; upper arm ; thigh again ; two or three clean shots through the thigh (owners very hungry) ; shoulder smashed and top of finger shot off (owner much .annoyed over this little extra) ; forearm again, and ' please, «ir, the bandages are pinohiti' me horrid.' It isn't the bandage, but the doctor does not say so. He exhibits the merciful squirt, and the bandages miraculously loosen themselves. THE OFFICERS. Now come the officers. One colonel, bearded like tho heavy swell of the sixties ; another colonel (the Highlanders rnucst have been catehiug it cruelly) ; a major ; a bearded captain (on investigation this turns out to be a lieutenant, aged 23, when he is shaved) ; and a sprinkling of subalterns and doctors. In each man's bed is a bag holding shirt, pyjamas, towel, brush, sponge, soap, and tooth brush. They call it the Good Hope bag, but it was evidently invented by a thoughtful she angel. Man after man shakes off or is helped out of the creased, dusty, greasy, blood- si ained khaki, and nestles into the luxury of clean body-clothes between clean Bheots. They have rest ; now they must have food — thick eoup for choice, if they will only stay awake to drink it, and milk and brandy for the etcmach and lueg- people. 