THE STQilYT£ip, ; THE DISMAL SWAMP.' The place had always been 'ha'hfced,' if one might credit -whak was said, in 'the quarters.' Indeed, there was' scarcely a slave on the plantation but ha.d a etartling experience, to relate of the ghosts that ir^nnted Graysville, ' ... .r — ij nW]L tions of Lonisiana. Every slave that : ever' trod southern . soil is afraid of graveyards, and tbe GraysviHe grave yard was indeed a solemn old .place, and awesome' enough to those minda superstitioasly inclined. It was - hot more than a hondred yards from the back doorstep in full range of -the little windows of the room that bad been the sitting-room of all my grandmothers for unnumbered genera tions. It was not originally meant to be ? , graveyard. One of the fii-st * Gxay women hstd' -'lost 'a babe, rtnd ? it waf her desire tlinft the child mi^ht be bnried soiui' vlffire In- of - her window, 'where t-liei mijrht : have the comfort ofseeihir its little .grave at all times'And kn -n iu^ that it was not -)uite alone when the wind blew ^at might.and the show fell oyer- Grays ville. ; -t ?; ' ? 'But the little' grave .whiGh beld T^ie dead did not by any means help be4 the wound in the heart of the J living, and before tbe flowers bloomed . again in the old Louisiana wooda an ? other grave was opened beside ^ the. ' lonely little sleeper, and Grandmother Gray went to keep her child com pany under the rustling old live'oaks. Of course grandfather v as put to' sleep beside bis wife, and s? in time all tbe Grays were laid under those grim old oaks, and the 'family graveyard,' so ' to s peak, established within a stone's throw of tbe back door. But it was not the graveyard which made one afraid of Grays ville. Be yond, more than a mile, and cnt off by one of those still, ti-eacherouB 1ft goons so common, to Louisiana stretch ed for several miles a low, wet strip of timber-land known &3 the Dismw Swamp. The place was full of uncanny, associations — as . the hidiog-plape of the runaway slaves, the hotbed ff .. malaria and all manner of ills and aches. At length the crowning ill was put upon it when 'it became the abode of the Graysville ghost. True, these stories of the ghost never, for a long while at least, got. beyond the quarters; but there they were rehearsed night after night with startling and blood-curdling - varia tions. \- It was said that nothing ever dame ont of the swamp alive;, even this cattle wandering, within its deadly . limits were either stung to death by the poisonous reptiles there or else broke their necks among the tangles of bamboo and rattan, crosivine and swinging mosses of the swamp. ' I was always mortally afraid of tbe . wamp, ' and no human power 'could have persuaded me beyond the se- - parating waters of the lagoon. Of the ghosts I had no fear what ever, but stones oftbemnaway slaves, tlie poisonous atmosphere, and the unfortunate cattle had filled my mind with a horror of the place which to this day I have never been able to shake oC ? My first recollection of it was tbe time one of the men came running in from the field, panting with fear and declaring that something like a big black shadow had run out of the swamp and chased him home. '? - ?Tbe 'something proved to be Crazy Dick, an old slave who had disappeared months before and waa supposed to be dead somewhere in, the impenetrable- depths of the Dis mal Swamp. He bad, indeed, been' there all the while, living upon the wild plums and berries which grew in profusion. He returned to his hiding place and died there, his dead body having been discovered by seping the buzzards circling about it on the faiv her bank of the lagoon. 'Liberally torn to pieces by the witches,' they said in tbe cabins of tbe superetitous blacks, who repudi- i a ted the existence' of the briars Cor the more thrilling idea of witches.' - From that lime forward the ghost , of Crazy Dick was said to. wander . ibout the swamp, and could be seen almost an y night* 'all, in white,' Broning the lagoon *nd ibe rioe field and homing on across the lawn to tbe ipuveyard, where he disappear ' just at dafUght/' in his own grave m the far corner t& the lot Mover to'ds the great ^story was told until it waa believed by sveiy negro in the planbttion, and -vhen at last tbe overseer himself, returning from the quarters fcfter Enidnighi^ wbera be hu bm ^to at , ip wim a eick slave, deolared that he Ms own ^yes aeen tie ^di^t,1thsre was something of a panio I was ajpil^e^af abontiy^paaw . f age, and^S|&BBw; qf ?;tbejpw»mp ! ^ eais ^oimb at the bm menticai of tbe j^ioe; It preyed apon tny thoughts day ? Ai night_ my dr^uns of : it. Ifhad wandered along all thtne , mysterious depths, teunpled upon theneBt iif tb# o-^)perhead and aMer,-^ bFeatheid^i^soft perfame of the wild magnolia, and brushed aside/ as it txailed against 'my forehead, the raric, red blosaoms of t^npuwnousoak and the deadtyiyy. In%iy dreams I hail dipped iny faet into' ^ie eieek, still watera of theiagoon, and followed the path made by Ihe lghbst rf IQzm^ Pick acitwB the rioe 'firid the family grtt»-yard and lost myself in tbe depths of doll, ilflnM.n^dDWS, I would wake at sunriis, |ierv»B« and feverish, and as wraiy as if 1 bad ^ indeed made the horrible journey. And even then I would creep under the bedcovers' and try to forget the horrors ^finydream. ''v- I grew thin and pale and nerytmi. AU &e; gold in LoniBiaitt otnild not tempt me nM^ tbe Bi«i^ Sw«m|). Myterror increased as I night alter' night roamed i through its terrible tangle of vine «nd briar in -myJ dreams. ? - * | : One morning the very climfex Of ] wonder was reached when off ftiher, »turning borne }uit before day frmn a meetiag of tbe^rice plaatera at a « village sone 15 miles distent, him- 1 self encountered the flrayarille gboet returning from if* midinght xa-mble through tiw Dismal Swanip. . ' i Bwaaovlr half vMWeinthe *n- j for him to -distinguish' a supple, wil lowy somefiiiiig clad in wbite and moving without noise— almost with bbt motion, he thought— toward the digrinal shadows of -the- Graysville graveyard. Then it disappeared as nsnaL ? Strange to say, while my father was rehearsing 'the story at the break fast table I seemed to have known it all, and before he had left off I felt Sure l could have gone on With it my self. This was due, ' doubtlessj to the fact, as I tfconght, of my having visited the swamp so often in my ?dreams. \- The same day my mother came to 'me with instructions not to visit, in injr daily rambles over the planta tadn, certain low sections where I was fond of going for the wild blossoms ayid ripe fruit. I could , not under stand .the restriction^ and «aid so v«ty freely. She then showed me the bootB I had worn— as she sup posed — the day before in niy r.imbles. ., But I d.id not go out jesterday,' I - .exclaimed^ no little: astonished at tbfe saoteondition of my rubber walk ing-boots, : so necessary ? for the low, moist^ Louisiana lands. ; % y*1 They were found at your door ♦bis morning,' she told me, ' where ^ou usually place them to be cleaned.' ; ;It wiiis odd, to be sure, and for remained . to.-|ne an.enig^- j |ik. - My moibefiyt was :stire believed i was telling her a 'deliberate false hood, inasmuch as the - very- next ] morning the boots were 'found 'in the same place and- in precisely the same condition. At length my mother removed the boot® to ber- own closet, and locking the door put ibe key in her pocket, saying as she did so, 'Now we will see who it is that's in tbe habit of wearing yohr shoes. - Nobody knows where the key of the closet door is hid except yourself, Elsa.' I must explain that by this time, owing to my vehement denial as to having worn tbe boots- suspicion had fallen . upon {Louise, my mother'; housemaid, a qnadroon girl about my ?wn size and age. . . '? 1 That night my dreams were ter rible— the boots played no inconsider '.ate part ; in- my r nervous and excited foncies. First I imagined that I innist have them,' and in oilier to- get them it was nebesq^ry to obtain the . closet key bidden in the pocket of my mothei-'a blue diintz gown that ways hnng at night upon a chair im mediately behind her bed. I dreamed that I bad seen her for get to fasten ^ tbe door landing into her bedroom^ and that I arose, and tiptoeing across, the hall, went down Jthe stairs, and sure enough found the 'door unfastened. I went in, and groping in the darkness, found the blue chintz, removed the key and with the utmost ease found and fitted it in the closet door. I found the .boots full as 'easily, locked the door, Returned tbe fejsy to its place and 'went out as noiselessly as I bad en tered. I sat down upon the doorstep in tbe moonlight, drew . the shoes upon my bare feet - and started out as rapidly as I knew bow towards the graveyard, across tbe ricefield, through -the white-looking lagoon and into the horrid shaded of the Dismal Swamp, All 'night long in my dreams I fol. lowesd the wild birds or fled from the fyissbf the serpents which made their bome in' the deadly morass. The plover, startled from its nest, brushed by me with a shriek, and once I 'fancied a long serpent swung from a fewamp willow and planted its fangs in my' cheeks. Bnt. when I pat out Tny hand to brush it. aside I -fouiid that a branch of trumpet vine ' had ?swept across my face, the rich, red blossoms dropping the dew from their !cups into my lips, which were parched and dry. r I was not in the least frightened^ but plunged- on deeper -and deeper into the vast wilderness;; Once I heard the bloodhounds baying ?and knew they were on' the track of fKtmb runaway slave who had fled to ^tbe protocting jungles of the Dismal Swamp. At hut I grew weary and turned homeward. I crossed tie lagoon, ly ing still and white in the gray dawn, and traversed again the ricefield and the lonely path across the graveyard ; then I 8a*t down upon tbe doorstep and removed my long. boots, carrying them -up ' to my dobr, where I left (hem -for Louise to have cleaned. Then I.crept to bed and -remembered nothing' more nntil noon, wheii I awoke to find my member bending over heavy,' fxmUfld^es, as f had seeb her many a time when «ome of ns were ill. I yawned vreaxily. tbe Dismal Swamp again in my dreamsl&st; SLigbt,*' „ ' And the Graysville ghost was wen Again last aught,' she replied', liesitatingly, as if afraid to tell me, . 1 '' ^??bo saw itf this time ?' I asked, ««SS-ttwrr» 'X I eat up in bed, startled and pale ' with * .great feajr. I brnshed my bahd aw*ms'my temples l^ti^ake my thot^btseLeu*. And ss I did so I felt a long, deep jCnfc upon my cheek. ''Mother I' 1 tried 4o say; M Motb- -arJ ' And throwing oS the bed coveTs^sprang osjt upon the floor. \- hfy long nightdress wis fepattered and draped *ith my lenees were tornand bleeding. CooWe burrs and marsh mo^cs were clinging to my hair, but my feet .were white and clean. ' ^ Instantly ! andocstood it all, and fell with shriek into my mother's acxnB. ? x I was the Graya ville ghost, and I wlw the somnambalist who had itigbt after night plunged deeper «nd^ deeper Into the jungles of the ..Dismal ; Swamp. . They followed my tracks as ar they dared penetrate into that de*' *fibw' Ilidiiti myster , , { bu? certain it b that, asleep,. I had twaded alone thnnigh the deadly swamp which even in the day 1 shuddered to think ot ' \- -. ^ ' This description of Mrs. Langtry'a kise u lady dancart^. is takn from on American paper — ' Then is » aoftj gurgling sound, as of' water escaping from a kitchen sink . One seoond, two, three . . . seven, — aad then an explosioii as if tha Bad blown flat of » beer baird. It is«ll oT«r» ..That is the Latmirj 