THE NARROW ESCAPE OF RYAN THE BEAUTY The Wee Mon : What's the leer, the nicht ? , , . Lance-Corporal Nome: You re the only one present, mon, Black ; but if you have any taste for facts I'll tell you of the three warnings of Eyan the Beauty, and how he escaped becoming respect a a^Av White : As the Beauty's on guard t»-night you may do it safely. Boots. Churns: Spurt. Corporal: As you know, boys, the Beauty's not the man to miss his turn for canteen fatigue, at this day ; but out in India, what with the dryness of the climate, and the dryness of Hyan's clay, he had a thirst on him fit to ruin a dis Most of the old Bamchunders could do the manual exerciBe with a pot pretty creditably when they p-t « chance, but BUI had a genius. He did not wait for chances; he made 'eui. Hohadacoin Jjade out there named Thcophilus O'Meara who was his only match in the regiment, and these two drank more liquor and did more punishment than the wildest half-dozen of whites in the station In India the man who makes a reeular business of drinking volunteers for the dead-house, and to the dead house Shock'.oss— as we called O'Meara— and the Beauty came, but m very diffe rent ways. Boots. Chorus: Spurs! Corporal: We were out at Morar. The health of the station was good aud the two scatterbrains had drunk them selves into the horrors and out of them at least three times in a month. Ryan had been seen under his cot trying to catch blue rats with a basin, and 'hock less had been run in for reporting: to the 7., .._ .«? *!,„ Aa* that, tthe cruordroont clock had been talking to him, when a thing liappencd which we'd been expect ing for a month o' !? undays. Shockless dropped down in the veran dah with heat apoplexy, was earned off to the hospital, and died. The same night Byan was on hospital euard and, as luck would have it, got No 3 post, on the dead- house, his com rade, thocklcss, being inside. All passed quietly until a littlo after midnight, when the Beauty, who was on the eleven to one relief, was standing at ease in front of his sentry-box, just oppo site the dead-house door, and thinking what a jolly pal Shockless had been, and how short he'd been taken. A-nd as lie was thinking things over ho heard a i™nnVir,rr on the dead-house door— tap, tap, tap, very slow and soft. Hvan opened his eyes and shut Ins teeth, and felt the hair of his head, which was cut close to his skull, begin to shoot and crackle like the northern liriits for nobody was in the dead-house Imt the late O'Meara, and the knocking ' WH from the inside of the door. Boots! Chorus : Spurs ! Corporal- ' B^ ind ^ me- 8ftys Bill, trying to keep his blood from freoz taB like water in the mains. ' Bad ind ? to ine ; but I've got 'om agen 1 have man surely.' And with that he pulled himself together, and when the sound on the door came again— ' tap, tap, tap . — , he dung his rifle into the shoulder and made a right turn to resume Ins sentry go But as hie heel scrunched on the gravel , there came n ghostly whistle through the kavhole. -Thish!' and Ryan halted, and the roary borcalis began again under his helmet. S 'If that's a rat,' says he, 'it is llc gantly educated lor it whistles liko— - 'Phish, phish, plush,' went the v.-histl« again, and Ryan's liat rose up on tU^he saints bo good to me ; phwat is ut ?' savs Ryan. The answer came through the keyhole in the shape of the dead man: 'Bill Ryan, Bill Byan, is it yersilf thats pakia'F' Bill was in a white scare by this, and ho ported his arms and let a yell out of him that would have stopped a train. Howlt, oo comes there V Now, the facts of the case where these. Shtckless, who was in a trance, had come round with cold after being left in the dead-house, and not knowing that he had been dead, and finding himself alone in the dark, concluded that he'd been drunk, and had got put in the cells. When he heard Byan's challenge he knew he must be on sentry, and that con firmed the idea, But, of course, Eyan thought it was a gb»Bt, and you can tell what sort of a funk he fell into when the corpse said in a wheezy whisper through the ktyhole : ' For the love o' mercy, Bill, give us a chew o' bacca, or let us drink through a straw. Pure I'm nigh perushed wid the cowld ; and the mane pigs is afther takun the clothin' aff me,' And you may guess how astonished Fliockless felt when his pal Byan, think ing of the proper way to address a spirit, said as solemn as a judge with a black cap on, ' Who nrrt thou ?' ' Who should I be but poor Pheckless O'Meara,' said the ghost, shivering so that the words cauio out in littlo bits, and then he said, 'Ow, Kyau, mo jool, the cowld, the c»wld, the cowld.' This settled Eyan. He ran off his post, and foil into the guardroom like a shell dropping into the gunroom of a ship. Over went the guardroom table, and Jack West, who was drinking coffee, fell into the arm-rack, and emptied the canteen down his back. I was corporal of the guard at the time. I leaped off the guard-bed, and Ryan fell into my arms, and after sayin' ' I-avo me, corpril, save me j I've had a warnin1. The dlirink ! S-hoekless ! Me ind is near,' went into a fit o£ convul sions. Btots ! Chorus : Spurs .' Corporal : We sent Eyan to hospital j and the sergeant was good enough to say nothing about his quitting hie post. And when we'd packed him off I went down to the dead-house with the relief, and there was that mad t-hockless kicking at the door and shoutinp at the top of his voico, 'Tare and ages ! It's freezin', I am. If there's ere a soldier on the guard will he lind mo the loan iv my trowsis ? Och ! ye spalpeens, is this a. death for a good man to die. Ow, ow, ow !' Well, wlieu we heard the dead man behaving in this violent and insubordi nate way we sat down on the gravel path and laughed till we had the hic cough, and all the while Shockless danced and howled and cursed the aer. geant of the guard, and never once guessed that he was a corpse, and ought to bo behaving with dignity. But at last we sent a man off to hospi tal f»r the key, and I went to the door and said : ' ShocklesE, you rowdy, for shame ! Do you know where you are ?' ' Where am 1, Corporal ?' says he. ' Shockless,' 1 said, ' you are in the dead-house.' ' I am not,' says Shock, in a scream. 'Tou arc,' says I. 'You died this morning.' ' It's a lie 1' he roars. ' It's true,' says 1, and I opened the door and drew him out into the moon' I light. ' Look at yourself, Private O'Meara,' I said, very stem i ' look at yourself in your shroud. Aren't you osliRmed of the way you're behaving ?' When t-hockless saw where he wn6, and what ho had on him, he caught hold of the idea, and went back to liie bed in tho hospital without a word. Two days after he and Ryan wore dis charged to duty, and that night they drank two bottles of country ruin, and slept in a water1 tank. Boots ! Chorus : Spurs ! Corporal ; That was the first warning. The second camo enly a month later. Ryan lay down on his cot in tho heat of the day, and just before sundown Shock came into tho room, and saw his comrade on the broad of his back asleep with his arms folded, and. ia the fold of his arms coiled up snug and motionless was a big wicked cobra capello. -hock stood fait and Btared. '' ' is disjraatin ',' he said. ''I have thorn again. Three days on the stiddy, an' seeing makes 1' And ho rubbed his eyes, and. stared, and rubbed his eyes again. At tho moment in came the orderly sergeant, and, seeing Shock standing in the middle of the floor looldns *s if Wd been struok so, he followedjthe direction of his.oyes, Bgott t Chorus; $p«r*! Corporal : ' Don't move, and don't speak,' said the sergeant, quietly, for he understood the danger at once, and knew -;hatihe snake was » real one, aud would strike Ryan the instant it was disturbed. Shock stood still, wondering if the ser geant ha4 got tfaem too. But the ser geant . was steady enough. Quick as thought, and as quietly, he stepped to his bunk, got a ball cartridge, slipped it into his rifle, walked on tiptoe dose up to the cot, wA blew the cobra's head off. The Wee Mon : Good for him. Corporal: Yes. It was a sensible trick and done well. But to have a rifle fired under your chin when you're in a beauty sleep is rather a startler, and Bill Ryan gave suoh a jump that he nearly knocked his own neck out. He thought at first he was murdered. But when it had been properly nx plained to him, and when the sergeant said he hoped it would be a warning, Bill was so thankful and bo excited that ho borrowed a rupee of the sergeant, and went out with Shockless to the canteen, where the story made such an impression that the pair of them got run in for D in B. Boots ! Chorus : Spurt ! Corporal : The third warning came to Eyan in England. It was a year after. We had landed in the Isle of Wight, and the whole corps had been playing duoks and dratei with (heir savings. Ryan had beaten his record. Be bad gone out on two days' or three days' absence, and had been brought home one time in a Carriage and pair, and -one tim* in a wheelbarrow, and another time on a stretcher. He had mortgaged six months' pay in fines, and owed the provost ser ge nt forty days' pack drill, when one night he got invited to a sailors' ball at Ryde, and he broke ont of barraoks and went. The sailors did tbe thing in style. The; brought in hot grog in buckets, and drank it out. of basins. So Ryan enjoyed himself a treat until about three o clock in the morning, when he set oat to walk to Parkharst.' For about two miles he advanced in echelon by short rushes, with fieqaent deployments to both fltnke, until trying to form square at a comer of crocs-ro»di-, bis lees Ml into disorder, and he took cover in a ditcb, where he fell ss'eep. He would probably be asleep an hour, when a cold hand touched bis face and woke him. He s»t upright, ores upright as he could, and there, just over him, on the brink of (he ditch, he saw a white figure suspended in the air, with two white arms making passes at him, Ry»n knew directly that it was a fairy sent to give him a third and last warn ing. Be steadied himself, BOiewed up his courage, and said, ' MoBh worrthy shpirnt, what is ut yez come to revale ? I'm Bill Ryan; Bill Ryan the— hie— Beiuty, an- I'm-hic-'fraid I'm after being the leash thine overtaken— bio— liquor.' At this the ghost gave first a hollow iaueh, and then a long figb, and then he wailed out in a loud voice, ' Ochone — ochone — och — one !' And when Ryan heard tbe wail he knew it was a banshee, and fell on his knees in the ditch and began to roar like a bull calf with his tail in a gate. But immediately aftevrards Ginger Smith and Buggy Brown came along the rood and brought him home to barraokB. Boots ! Chorus : Spurs ! Corporal : In the moraine, sb soon sb ever he woke, tbe Beauty sot up and went into No 4 mess to his chum Shock less, and asked for tbe loan of his Testa ment. ShocMess was surprised, but he raked ont the book from amongst his cleaning traps, and Ryan took it in bis hand and said, as tick and solemn as a parson a* a hanging. ' ShooUess,' said he, ' last night I had a warnin', an', be the same token, 'twas thirrd of 'em, an* the ban shee no less; and now I'm afther swearran aff the dbrink, or I'm no better than the cbief mourner at me own funeril,' and with that be dropped on hie knee* and kissed the book and said, ' So help, ms God, I'll never touch another dhrop av liquor as long as me life is spared. Amin,' And Bhookless looked very sad, and said he, ' The more's the pity, Beauty, but the bansheo's a quare crather to Dlav wid. bonev.' and then he siehed, and laying Mb handn on Ryan's shoulder, Baid, ' Be the ways, William, aviok, if you could lend me the price of two pen norths o' poipeclay , I'd be obliged to yet, for 'tis the thirrety weather. Botts I Chorus : Spurs ! Corporal -. Ryan had got a eoare that time, and for nearly a week he kept to strict soldiering, and nothiue would draw him near the canteen. But one day in come Rugtry Drown and Ginger Smith and asked him to come out for a drink. Ryan shook his head, and began solemn and slow to tell about the ban shea. But Buggy burst out laugh ing, and told him he was ' in suoh a dis graceful state that he wouldn't have known a banshee from a Punch and Judy show ,' ' Phwat,' said Byan, ' didn't I Bee urn t Didn't I hear urn ?' ' Yes,' says Ginger, ' an' so did we.' ?' You did F' says Byan. ' Tell him,' Bays Buggy '?Why, look here, boys,' says Ginger, speaking to tbe men in the room. 'This ignorant soldier had drunfc till bis eyes stood out of his head like a prawns. Buggy and I was passing at the time. There was the Beauty on hiB knees in a ditch offering up a prayer to a brown donkey with a white face.' 'Phwat!' 8»yiBy»n. Ropey laughed and Rtamped about, undsiya, 'ThsfsjnsUUthBraist ..-. ir.and when the ass brayorl Rynn dui; his nosn in the e^rth and roared out, ? j'he ban shee's wntll the banshee's will!'' Of course, the men laughed at thin, And boehn chuffing Ryan; but the Beaut v looked mighty Bid and serious, and, Rays he, ? The fool that Oi've been j an' me bound fait be me oath, an* the thirrst comin' on me at this moment like a hot ?un on a dewdhrop,' And he heaved, a great sigh, and all the follows roared, And Rpgey offered to stand him a pot there and then if bVd drink it. But Ryan 'said, 'Me oath; och, man, it's the fool I've been; me oath.' So Buggy and linger went oft, and left him standing by the window, biting his nails rnd thinking. Ha didn't think long. Before they reached the onnteen door he was on them. ' Bhoys,' said he, 'I have ut.' Give me two minute, and Oi'll be afther drinkin' yere health.' ' Right,' says Ginger, and away went the Beauty »t tbe double. It was near upon dinner call, and the men sit waiting for the bugle call, when is rushed Ryan, panting like » dog. ?? What's the matter. Bill t' says old Parker, and st that moment in came Shookless O'Meara. But Ryan male no answer. He went to his cot, took hi* Tustauient down off its shelf, flopped on to his kneef, looked hard at ShookleBs, and said, ' Do yez remember me oath, O'Mesra f' ' f do,' said ShooHeas. 'Thin,' said Ryan, 'this does it,' and with thkt be kissed the book and said, 'So help me God, I was only jofciu'.' Boots ! Chorus : Spues 1 Corporal . That's the true story of Bill Ryan' » narronr^ecoape from tempe ranee, and if any of yon wants to know how hard a donkey can kick just ask tbe Beauty to imitate the banshee's wail. — R. Blatchfokd, in the Clarion. 