The Woman Outwits. Thomas Stokes, cashier to the well known firm of merchants, Stych and Goldsmidt, gazed closely at the surface of his private safe, and, as he discerned the single hair he had artfully placed over the interstice of the double doors, he muttered an emphatic ' Umph I' Mechanically he manipulated the patent combination lock to the necessary formula and threw open the door. Then, drawing forth his bunch of keys, he inserted one in the inner drawer, shot back the lever, and drew it out to its full extent. And as he took in its painful emptiness he stag. gered back with an expression of blank dismay. The night before Thomas had placed his petty cash in that drawer, and had locked it in the presence of his principal. No one but himself and Goldsmidt knew the ' open sesame' of that safe, only he possessed the key of that inner drawer; and yet, once again, for the third time in three short weeks, the contents had mysteriously vanished. The outer door opened, and MIr Ber.'stein Goldsmidt himself, with a curt greeting, stamped upstairs into his sanctum. To him, presently, came Stokes, white faced and trembling, and in faltering tones quavered out his discovery. ' 'his makes the defalcations how much ?' queried Mr Goldsmidt, calmly. ' Thirty.two pounds sixteen shillings,' stammered Thomas, ruefully. * Very well, Stokes,' he remarked, with freezing acerbity. ' I give you one week to discover the miscreant. That's all I have to say. Send my nephew to me. And, busying himself with his cor respondence, he .signified that the bewildered book keeper might with draw. 'Emanuel, Mr Goldsmidt gree'ed his nephew, ' I see by the watchman's report you left at 7.30 last night. 'Yes, uncle,' returned the other, promptly ; ' the posting is in arrears. I stayed behind to pull it up. * 'ou're a good lad, Emanuel,' re plied Goldsmidt, laying his hand affectionately on the young man's shou!dtr ; ' I would that all the other clerks were as industrious. When 1 suggested that you should make your. self thoroughly acquainted with all routine work, you were no dcubt fully congnizant of my ultimate intentisns with regard to you.' 'Thank you, uncle,'he murmured, respectfully, and withdrew. Stepping jauntily into the clerks' office, he resumed his cutomary place and applied himself to his duties. Every now and then, however, he would direct a covert glance at poor Stokes, as he sat at his desk, a dazed look on his face, staring blankly sb fore him. At the stroke of eleven he went forth into the street-presumably for luncheon. Directing his steps to the post-office, he tendered a telegram form to the attendant and, with a facetious remark threw down a shilling. Probably his trustful uncle would have stared could he hsve seen that wire, for it was addressed to a firm of turf commission agents. When he returned- fifteen minutes later-he noted that the cashier was engaged in conversation with Miss Beryl, his uncle's typist. It was an unusual occurrence, but nevertheless his face was distorted by a malevolent frown, 'or the girl was attractive, and Emanuel had set his eyes upon her. The girl's position was peculiar. Though in her heart she knew Jacobs for an unscrupu'ius scoundrel, and loabhed him accordingly, realizing his influence with her employer, and anxious to stand well with him-for an invalid mother depended on her efforts- she was compelled in a measure to suffer his undesirable atten ons. Jacob's familiar tone with the girl irritated not herself alrne, for shortly after her appearance, Thomas Stokes had disr.over:d a hitherto unknown thrill of pleasure pervade his being at her presence, and some time before had avowed his regard for her. It was generally known that they were be trothed, but Emanuel, feigning ignor ance, relaxed not his persecutions. So the matter stood when the thunderbolt had descended, threatening ruin to the unfortunate cashier, and now-a felon's Scell. But Millicent Beryl was a clever little woman. The placing of the hair had been her suggestion, and now, more than ever, as her lover acquainted her with Goldsmidt's dictum, she re solved that she would set her woman's wit to work and endeavour to save him I give it up, Millie. Heaven help me; it is beyond me I' And, with a choking sob, Thomas Stokes buried his face in his hands. The girl set down her knitting, and moving softly over towards him, gently entwined her arms about his neck. Tenderly raising his bowed head, she kissed him lovingly on the lips. The kiss seemed to rouse him from his lethargy. * Millie he said, ' you will stick to me-you will help me ?'.. 'Tom,' she cried, you know I will. Come, I want you to tell all the facts.' * What can I tell you ?' burst out the man bitterly ; ' you know every thing.' 'Not quite, she returned, with the ghost of a smile. 'This much I do. In one compartment of this safe of yours you keep your books. The other is divided into sections'set on this drawer. Did it ever strike you that it has this difference toan ordinary safe-the interior is not surrounded by the usual casement filled with non inflammable materials, but the whole thing is simply a sheet iron affair built into the wall ?' 'Yes, that is so,' returned the man slowly. ' Now, tell me. Have you ever had this drawer out of the safe ?' 'No, it is impossible. It will not draw out to its lull length, but is secured by a projecting flange.' 'And the locking action-does it hold the drawer rigid in position ?' ' No, I think not. The bolt shoots up behind this projecting fiange.' 'Ahl I On the other side of that wall is the strong room where the ledgers and business books are stored Is it not so ?' ' Yes.'. ' It is invariably placed in a certain drawer in the office.' ' And, of course, the ledger clerks all know where it is to be found ?' ' Yes. You see, that is necessary in case any of them desire to stay after six to work on the hooks.' SNow regarding these thefts. It has occurred to me that the cash has been abstracted in every instance alter an unusually heavy day for cash receipts or immediately after you have obtained the weekly petty cash. Well, now,' she went on, reflectively, it appears to me that that circumstance distinctly nar rows the limit ot our suspicions. With out doubt the perperater is one of the office stalf who is perfectly cognizant of your movements. Tell me, doesn't such a one occur to you ? ' Millie ; do you think---?' The woman remained silent. ' Heavens; if I thought it I And yet-but it is impossible. I tell you no man alive could have done this thing and left the sale as it was--' Now, I have a little plan to propose interrupted Millie. ' My father, as you are aware was much given, in his leisure hours,to experimental research in chem istry. From hint I learned the pro perties of certain chemical compounds -pra.trtics which are not set down in the ordinary text books. One day, I remember, I found him in his laboratory, carefully drying a white precipitate, evidently thrown down by a solution in a test tube before him. With a child's curiosity, I ques coned him as to the nature , of his ex. periruent. 'You would like to know the properties of that white powder, eh ?' he queried, smilingly. ' Very well, little girl, you shall. Hold out your hand. Now just rub a pinch in the palm, so. What do you see ?' S* Nothing, father,' I exclaimed. ' ' So ?' he ejaculated, gazing at my palm through his spectacles- and I thought I detected a twinkle in his eye -' Well, well I There mus: be some thing wrong. Go and swill your hands.' i Laughingly I obeyed ; andas I did so, a curious thing happened. At the Arst tou:h of the water the spot on my palm where I had rubbed the powder went a blood red colour. ' Now listen. All his researches are set down lucidly in his note-books, which I have carefully kept, and it will not be diffic:tlt for me to supply you with a small portion of that white powder. ' When you place the petty cash in that drawer next 'T'hursday, I want you to sprinkle the coins with the impalp able powder. That's all.' The -lock had hardly struck eight 'licent Beryl entered the office . ng. Discovering the drawer, ant I the key of the strong room, back the ponderous door, .'e electric light and glided an hour elapsed before shit. ed, and when she did there was a i.',ously. strained look on her face. k:tlucking the door, she replaced the key in its original position, and barely had she settled down to her machine when Emanuel Jacobs strode into the office. SWhat I so early, Millie l' he ex claimed leering at her impudently; ' why this sudden burst of industry ?' ' Excuse me, Mr Jacobs, I'm busy,' she returned, shirtly. ' I wish to finish tis tabulation.' ' The tabulation can wait. I want to tell you something, and this oppor. tunity is too good to be missed.' And he attempted to insinuate his arm round her waist. Springing from her chair she frus trated his design, and facing him, her eyes ablaze with passion, she lashed him with the scorn of her outraged feelings. But the man was a thorough cad. 'Go it, my pretty I' he laughed. * It'll take a lot of that to upset me. I have set my heart on a kiss from those tempting lips-and I generally get my own way.' And so speaking, he ad. vanced towards her with the intention of accomplishing his purpose. The girl, white with passion, struck him across the face. Heeding not the blow, he seized her two hand., and, holding her powerless, struggled to .press his hot lips to her sweet face, when, suddenly, the door flew open, and Thomas Stokes strode into the room. Taking in the situation at a glance, he sprang at the fellow, and teas ing him away from the hall fainting girl, dashed him heavily against the wall. SYou contemptible hound I' he his sed. ' Get out, before I strangle you.' The baffled Jacobs tried to bluster, but, craven as he was, he slunk from the room like a whipped cur. The following Friday morning, when Stokes arrived, he found the safe had again been tampered with, and cash to the amount of seven pounds fourteen shillings had been spirited away. Gold. smidt was busy dictating to his typist when the cashier entered his room and announced his discovery. * Well, Stokes, he snapped, harshly ; 'personally I have no doubt of your fidelity, but, as the cashier, you are re spon:ible, and I regret to say we shall not require your services after to morrow.' 'One moment, sir, if you please,' remarked Millicent Beryl, quietly. ' I think I can throw a little light on this mystery. If you will kindly accom. pany me into the strong room I will show you something that will surprise you.' 'Certainlty, Miss Beryl ;' we ire at your service. ' Mr. Stokes,' said the girl, when they had passed into the apartment, ' would you have the goodness to re. move those old despatch boxes'from the section in the corner there ?' Stokes, wondering whst was coming next, obeyed. As he did so, it was revealed that the safe room was lined by a matchboarded skirting.. The two men gazed, speechless with astonish-. ment, as the girl with a sudden wrench whipped away the scantling and dis closed the brickwork. , 'Now, gentlemen, if you look closely she whispered. ' you will find this wall has been tampered with.' So saying, she deftly inserted a penknife between the bricks and lifted teo or three ou' bodily from their position and set them down beside her. ' Built up against this wall is the cashier's safe, she went on. ' and here you will observe the iron backing. Now, see. S sme ingenious person has thought it worth while to experi ment on this safe and he evidently found it a congenial task, for look, I insert the knife here, a section of the iron. comes away-cut out, und y'ou observe, by a fret saw-and the end of the drawer is revealed. The draw is only secured by the proiectrig flange in front, and it is therefore a simple matter to shlide it backwards through the aperture here, and abstract the contents.' ' But who' could have done this thing ?' burst out the astonished princi pal. 'Your nephew was here at eight o'clock this morning, I believe, and his industry of late has become a by word.' ,,My nephew ! Miss Beryl, you forget yourself. Emanuel ? Impos sib'e I' The theft was perpetrated this morn ing,' remarked the girl, imper:urably, and fortunately. I think, we are in a., position to bring the culprit to book.' In a hurried whisper she explained the plot of the white powder. Goldsmidt listened attentively, and his face became set to a scowl. 'Come, Stokes, and )ou too, Miss Beryl. Lock this safe. \Ve will see the matter through-to the biter end.' Striding into his office he obtained a glass of water, aud strikin'g his bell sum. moned his nephew. Jacobs appeared, sell possesseid :and' imiling, 'but the smile died on his lips as he saw the pair standing there, and from his eyes there flashed a baleful look of malignity. *Emanuel,' cried Bernstein Gold smidt, abruptly, ' we are conducting a little experiment. Probably you are aware that certain moneys have mys teriously disappeared of late from the cash'ier's safe. .To endeavour to eluci date the mystery, I am about to put a certain question tl each o" the clerks in turn. I commence with you as a mere formality. You +will dip your fingers in this glass of water, and swear that you know nothing of this matter.' Uncle, I' protest 1' ' You-will' do'as I inquest, sir,I pt once I' Emanuel Jacobs glared round the room in a furtive fashion, as if seeking a way of escape. Then, with a super ctlious shrug of his shoulders, he approached the" table and dipped the tips of his fingers into the glass. 'I swear that I know nothing- Heaven and earth I what trick is this?' His fingers had turned a deep blood red I For one brief moment he stared, a startled look ol fear in his eyes, and then,.realizing that he was trapped, he flung himself on the floor and cowered at his uncle's feet. Goldsmidt spurned him with his foot, 'and silencing his wild entreaties, ex. claimed : ' Get up, you dog, and go-before I forget that you are my sister's child I Stokes, forgive me the wrong I have done you I Miss Beryl-I thank you.' The old man fell back heavily in his chair, and Thomas Stokes silently led the loving woman who had proved his saviour from the roam and kiesed her smiling face.-Ti Bits. 