GREW SAVED BY A GHOST. Many strange incidents occur at sea, but none more so than that which befell Captain Benner, of the brig Mohawk, a small vessel engaged in the West Indies trade. After leaving St. Thomas, her last port of call, on one voyage tho brig was steering a northwesterly course, homeward bound. beating up under short canvas against high winds and heavy seas following in the wake of a hurricane which had traversed tho tropics fivo or six days before. Her captain, who had been some hours on deck, went below at midnight after directing tho first officer, who was on watch, to keep the course then steered, and to call him in caso of any change fortho worso in the weather. He lay down upon a sofa in tho main cabin, but as tho brig's boll struck twice, became conscious of tho figure of a man, wearing a green sou'wester, standing besido him in the dim light of the cabin lamp. Then ho heard the words — 'ChaugB your courso to the sou'weut. captain.' Captain Benner got up and went on deck, whero ho found that, the weather had moderated and that the brig was carry ing more Bail and making better headway. Ho asked the mate on duty why ha had sent down to call him, to which that officer re plied that he had not done so. The captain, fancying that he had been dreaming, went back to tho cabin, but he was disturbed soon again by a second visit from tho man in the gjecu sou'wester, who re peated hiB previous order and vanished up tho companionway. Tho captain, now thoroughly aroused, jumped up and pur sued the retreating figure, but saw no one until ho met tho mate 011 watch, who insisted that ho had not sent any messcngcr.below. Mystified and perplexed, Captain Ben ner returned to tho cabin only to see his singular visitor re appear, to hear him repeat tho order to change the courso to sou'-west, with tho added warning — ' If you do not it will soon be too late!' and to seo him disappear as before. Going on deck ho gavo tho necessary orders for tho change in the ship's courso to south west. The officers of tlio brig wero not only Burpnscd, but also indignant, and finally de termined to seize their captain aud put him in irons, when, soon after daybreak, the look out forward reported somo object dead ahead. As the vessel kept on it was made out to bo a ship's boat. As it ranged abeam it was seen to contain four men lying under its thwarts, ono of whom wore a green Bou'wcster. The Mohawk was promptly hove to, a boat lowered, and tho castaways takon in. The castaways proved to be the captain and three men, tho only survivors of the- crow of a veBBel which had gone down in the hurri cane, and they had been drifting helplessly without food for fivo or six days. Tho green sou'wester was the property of tho rescued captain. A few days later when ho had re covered sufficiently to bo ablo to leave hiB berth, ho was sitting ono day in tho main cabin of tho brig with Captain Benner. Ho suddenly asked his host whether ho believed in dreams. ' Since I havo been here,' he continued, ' I havo been thinking how familiar this cabin looks. I think that I have been hero before In tho night before you picked me up I dreamed that I came to you hero in this cabin and told you to chnnge your course to sou'west. Tho first time you took no-notice of me, and I camo tho second time in vain; butthotliiru time you cnangea your courso, and I woke to rind your ship alougsido of us.' Then Captain Benner, who had noticed tho resemblance of tho speaker to his mysterious visitor, told his own story of that night. ? 