Some English Ghosts. There is at any rate one ghost in Lon don, for the lirst Lord Holland is said to walk the Sir .Toshua Itoom in Hol land House with hie head in his hand —a very fashionable ghostly proceeding —on certain nights of the year ; and it is a known fact that there are many houses which never have been let, never are let, and never will be let for any length of time on account of uncanny traditions associated with thorn. The people who rake these houses are ready enough to stay, but no iservants will stay, and so they are driven elsewhere. No stranger to Epsom -was ever shown Pit Place by a native without beiug told tlie “ Wicked” Lord Lyttelton’s ghost-story—tlie white bird winch flut tered at ills window on the night of 21th November, 1770, changing into a white- robed woman, who approached the foot of Ills bed, and told him that he would be dead in three days, which ac tually happened. Sussex, which of all the home counties has retained its old characteristics the most, lias a good many ghosts who are still realities in tlie eyes of tlie rustics of that little-visited district, which was once the centre of England's iron indus try. There is old Oxenhridge of Brede Place. There is Hie headless man of St. Leonard’s Forest, known as Squire Pau lett. who jumps upon tlie crupper of a horseman entering tlie forest, and re mains there until clear of it. There is the Drummer of Ilurstmonceaux. Black dogs—a favourite shape assumed by ghosts all over England—haunt all dark lanes and lone by- roads, and under many a sequestered wooden bridge a headless woman .may be seen spinning : whilst on tlie old cattle-road between Kingston, near Lewes, and the Marshes, known as tlie Drove Way. a goblin may lie seen on any dark, wild night, in eessanily spinning charcoal ! Tlie same species of “ general” ghosts, as they may he called, is recorded by Mr. Bye. tiie Norfolk topographer, to lie strongly developed in bis county. There is the pale, long-haired woman, who runs shrieking amongst ihe pits on Ayl.mnrtnn Heath. There is the great black “ Shuck Dog” —tlie word “Slmelc” said to mean the devil—who at Coltishall Bridge is head less. and at Sallmuse lias a 'blazing eye in tlie centre of his fnrenead. and who lias a brother at Peel Castle in the Tsle of Man. Ilio spirit of a murdered pris oner. known as Hie Mautlie Dog. But tlie 'historical ghosts are more interest ing Objects of study. In this same coun ty of Norfolk, says Mr. Bye. young Lord Dacre. who was murdered In lofifi by his guardian. Sir Bichard Fulmerston. who arranged Iliat. a rocking-horse on which tlie hoy sat should fall, still prances about on a Bloodless, of eoursel rocking-horse. Anne Boleyn still rides down the avenue of Blieklin.g Park once a year, in a hearse-like coach, drawn by four 'headless horses, and driven by a headless driver, with her head in her lap ; and her father. Sir Thomas, does the same thing. At Oaistor Castle I hero'Is another coach and headless learn, and yet another near Great Mel ton. This iast rises from a pool every middav and midnight, and with its load ef fmi'r Pec <11 CM*, .triippinjr. will to- robed ladies passes slowly round the field and sinks again : and tradition says that at this spot, long ago. a bridal party were upset Into this pool and never seen Then there is the Gray Lady of Bain ham—not to ho confounded with the Brown Lady of Rainham in Durham— iulio represents Lady Dorothy Walpole, forced, it is said, to marry Lord Towns end in 1713. A firmly helieved-In coach-ghost fs that of Lady Howard, daughter and heiress of Sir .Tohu Fitz of Fitzford,. In Devonshire, about lfiOO. who. Mr. Bar iiig- Gould says, travels nightly from Okohampton Castle to Fitzford Gate. Tavistock, in a coach of hones, pre ceded by a phantom dog. Gabriel Craddock Is a well-known Es sex ghost. Tie was famous in the mid dle of tlie last century as .Terry Lynch t'he’ highwayman, who with tlie pro ceeds of. h!s exploits, built Lap water i Hall, near Leigh, so called because, upon the application of tlie workmen for drink, lie hid. them “lap water.” He was run to earth in his new house, wounded, and drowned in the pond to which he had directed the thirsty work men's attention, and 'lie is still believed to he seen on wild nights, bandy-legged, and mounted on an earless mare, fleeing from his pursuers ns they came from Slienfield. Tngrave. ITorndon, Laindon, and Pitsert. Mannington Hail, the residence of the Walpoles. Fails of CHord. has its i ghostly associations. Horatio, second earl, removed all tlie tombstones of the Scalmers. the former possessors of tlie Hall, from Wiekmere Church, and one of the buried ladies is still believed to walk round the churchyard. To atone for the sacrilege, every Earl of Orford at his burial was driven in his lieavse three times round Wiekmere Church before being finally laid to rest. er.v well known is the stile at Littlp e. near Marlborough, on the old Bdah d. wlierat Wild Darrell, the principal the terribly weird tragedy at Littie eHall. is si ill believed to lie seen, fol -1fay‘'when''-h‘e‘'’rnetr his "lea tli here— ng madly along, reckless in his coii mee torture, and confronted by the laritlon of a babe burning in.a flame.. AU the unhappy ladies of history. “ walk” : Ann of Cleves paces up and down the gallery hearing her name in Hover Castle : Fair Rosamond walks on the river-hank at Godstow : Amy Rohsart on the side of Cumnnr : Mary. Queen of Scots, at Fotheringhay. At j Apethorpe. Hie Earl of Westmorelands i seat in Northamptonshire. Lady Grace, wife of the first earl, walks in a corri dor, scattering, silver pennies as slm ! goes : i)„t the pennies are air. and woe to himi who tries to test tneir solidity so say. arid probably, believe, the good folk around. In tlie romantic North Country these poor dames abound. There is the Brown Ladv of Bainlmm—stately in coif and rich brocade, but eyeless. There Is " Silky” of Denton Hall, near Newcastle, in a (lowered, long-waistod satin gown arid a satin hood. There is | the White Lady of Skin-sen Castle ; Lady Derwentwater of Dilsion Castle : the Gray Woman of Willington : Meg of Meldon in a broad hat : the White Lady Blenkinsop. who still wails over a chest of gold, the cause of all the un happiness of her married life, cum multis aliis. The famous Cauld Lad of Hylton, on the river Wear.- was only “laid” during the last century, hirt his wall. “I’m cauld ! I’m cauld !” has been sworn to as heard at a much ltWer date ! He was not quite a stock ghost of the silent, gliding type, hut was more of a brownie or pixie, working hard in the kitchen during the night If the maids were sluggards—very much con trary to the usual rule of his kind. The Gray Man of Bellieter Is another well-known North Country ghost. HJs original was a wandering minstrel who railed at the castfR. which is near Haltwliistle on the South Tyne, was admitted, and pleased the Blenkinson owner for a time, until ho got susmeions that the poor old gray-clad singer was a spy from a neighbour baron with whom he was at feud. The minstrel got wind that he was suspected, and stole away. Bleiikinsop sent bloodhounds after him. and lie was torn to pieces. This hap pened in 1470. and the Gray Man is still spoken or in a district. In- no means behind Ilio age in refinement. In telligence. and education. Gorby Gas tie. near Carlisle, has been modernised but in its wainscoted, tapestried “Ghost Room” tiie Radiant Rov still walks At Ohillingham Caslle in Northumber land there was also a Radiant Rov. un til the skeleton of a l>oy found in one of tlio bedroom walls, not very long ago, was buried, and then lie- disappeared : and at Continue in Yorkshire, popular tradition speaks of a shining child who vanishes when pursued. Apropos of ghostly children, a pretty tradition is connected with a certain West Country Iibuse. to the effect that every cold morning is seen on the win dow the scribbling of little fingers, not to bo effaced by any amount of rabbin oiiamberscs Journal.” Abridged. 