LITERARY NOTES. | tJromr<puf Special ^potfespo&deiittji; f j London, Februaty 23. THE 1'OET LMJBRATE't) I.A.TKHT. Mr. Alfred Austin, PoH Laureate/pub lishes k uoem o! eleven stanzas, etAitled ".Through liberty to Light."- It-deals With the Transvaal question; and, starting from primeval chaos, it proceeds to describe the creation of man endowed Math a free -will—'Free to be «trong or feeble, free to be 'false or true." The sons of men built cities, and in time the strong triumphed ever the jveak, and smote the vanquished mercilessly, until— Out of the mist of tile Northern Sea a blended race arose, Whose blood was warmed by the wind and the wave, and braced by the winter snows; A rare with the wisdom of long-linked, years, yet the hopeful heart of youth, Who listed the lie and the liar, and dared both to speak and hear the truth; Who loved the Light for the Light's own sake, and, as none but who love it can, Kept the Torch of Liberty still aflame, and passed It from man to man. That is the English race, of course." This race in its "green-graas'd lisle" gives "each man his own to keep." In^ contract to this 'comfort and fair dealing and freedom the poet draws a picture of the subjects of Uncle Paul—# But apart In the Southern Sea there dwelt a race, though of Northern strain, With narrow foreheads and narrower hearts, who cherished the thong and chain, So long as these left their own limbs free to do as their brute wills list, To fetter and flog the sons of Cain, and to tether the stranger's Wrist, ,■ Boasting, "'Rather than not be free to make these . hew for us. delve, and drudge. I,et the hellhounds of War he all unleashed, and the battle-bolts be iudgel" Then'the Land of the Northern mist de clares that as— "They have called on the sword, they shall bide hy the sword, and mine will I never Bheathe, Till to dwellers in darkness it bring the Light, and Freedom to all who breathe." . . . Then manly to tender kissed farewell, but never a tear was shed; And over the wave, and along with the wind, to the Southern rant they sped— The roughly hurturpd. the gently bred, all bound on tiie self-same track, To storm tlie gtccpa and defiles of death, but never to turn them back; And tlieir sonB that on Austral or Western shores exult in their sires' rerown, Shouted, "Barrel and blade, we'll come to you, and gallop the despots down." Shame, shame on you, Gaul and Teuton! that, see ing this noble deed, You Iiavc hardened your hearts for envy, and been false to your vaunted Creed; Should juggle with truth, should welcome the lie, should garble and gird for spite, Pray Heaven to favour the tyrants' cause, pray Heaven to hinder the Light Hark, hark 10 the greeting uf fifci-wCrrn mer, f the Lnnd of the Setting Sun, 'God prosper you, dear old England! It is rightly and nobly done." Wherever our sails have quivered, wherever our heels have ploughed, We have carried the Flag of Freedom, unfurled it from mast and shroud. It hath wealliereil (I15 plorui of battle, it guardrlh the paths of peqgo, \ And will Watch over Bight boili dny and night, till the day and the night slisl! cense; ) And, while there's » chain to shatter, and, while there's a wrong to rigid, Its watchword shall he God's gift to man, "Through Liberty, on to Light!" DB. rONAN DOVLK AND THF, ARMY. Dr. Conan Doyle is proceeding to the front attached to the staff of a field hospi tal. The Duke of Cambridge inspected the company on Wednesday, and, happen ing to fix 011 the jovial doctor, began exa mining the cloth of his khaki suit. Then, prodding with his finger the red cross on a white background on the doctor's arm, he asked—"What's that?" Nobody seemed to understand the question, and the doc tor. standing at attention with his chin well up. held his peace. At Inst, "Oh, that's Doctor Conan Doyle," said a visi tor. His Royal Highness did not ^nsk anything further, but passed on. The doctor has invented a contrivance by which the angle of altitude required in a rifle in order to drop a bullet at a given range may be known. Several qualified persons think it ft good and useful idea, hut the War Office says it "won't trouble Dr. Doyle." "No wonder the latest ideas get in'.o the enemies' hand*," bcl.vs the creator of Sherlock Holmes. BUSKIN'S REASON. The reason why .'John Buskin's remains nre not buried atTVestminster Abbey is the subject of a letter 111 the "Times from IVlrs. Arthur Severn,, cousin of th& great author. She states that no doubt was left upon her mind about the course she had to pursue at his death;—"In re spect to his wishes, he rests here at (.0 niston, in the shadow, at sunset, of the bibs it was a daily joy to liiin while alive, to look at. He disliked towns and smoke, though no one more deeply reverenced trie sanctity and beauty of the Abbey. OUIDA'H NEW NOVEL. ' "Oulda" has given to us another hook containing many of those distinct touches of "her pecuniar genius. The title is J he Waters of Ed era," and the plot of the tale hangs upon the diversion of the waters of a river from thejr natural course in order to meet the requirements of modern commer cialism In the working of a factory. Adone Alhn the young rustic. Whose land is en riched and beautified by the running streamy rises in revolt against the machinations er the Syndicate, and is assisted by a child nam's d Narina, a character such as the pen of this authoress de lights in creating. There are fine picturesque touches, and most charming word-pictures of tne beauties of Italian scenery; and there is, too, a deep sympathy with the toiling peasantry, and a.n underly ing comprised on for the woe-stricken who fight on against the cruel inequalities of their lives. Here is on excerpt K'vmg a sketch of an old man, his long life- work over, dying alone in his hull in sunny \- "It was a fine day, and they had their grain to get in, and even the women were busy. They set a stomp of water by him, and put some in his nostrils, shut the door to keep out the flics. It was no use to fctay there, they thought. If you helped a poor soul to give up the ghost by a. bland on has mouth, Or an elbow In his stomach, you got jnto trouble; ft was wrier to leave him alone when he was a-dying." . After subtracting all you wish from the Work of the writer, there still is a residuum that Is (strangely her own, and that never fails to charm. CAPTAIN SATAN. Cyrano de Rergerae was a Well-known man in his day, as well as from the size and (ffiape of his nose as from his thmi ffind duels; but he had nothing like the world-wide advertisement that baa been given to him in these latter times through the play of M. Rostand and the acting of M. Coquielin. M. Louis Gallat continue* the revival in his novel, "Captain Satan— The Adventures of Cyrano de Bergerac, in which he hfas collected in narrative form, and interwoven with a consecutive story, many of the sayings and doings of this philosophical, fire- esating, witty, poetic hero. M. Gallet thus paints the famous % nose;—"He Had, it nrumtLo flnit mentioned'i —for- itWae foatai*. ot< this remarkable co-uiit-erimoe—he had a noso of surprising dlmen&kKia;, a keenodged nose,' "Ivhich overaltadaw^d bis mouth; to shett 'a: heroic nose/ to adooft the phrase ol one. of his biographers, This ronarkaWe nose preponderated over features both agreeable, and regular, illumined by fltua black eyee that Were lame and tmlllaMt, His eyebrows were delicately pencilled, and a not too ample moustache left the lips visible, while his hair hung in brown clusters around an intelllectual forehead. The whole went to make Up a very 'pretty' fellow, who, at that period of mad pranks, held a place of honour among gadhuuto and men of let ters alike." Tlie work has been translated by an anonymous - hand. Though it is distinct from M. Rostand's draim/abio version, its perural will greatly aid those who desire to fully enjoy the popular play now irj course of rehearsal for earfly production in Lon don. It Is said by some students that Dean Swift's "Gullivers Travels" would not have been written but for the perusal by him of de Bergerac's "Hlstoire Oomique. ■r MARTIAL. ELEGIACS, " Private W. M. Anderson.vMiddlesex Yeo manry, an Australian who enlisted here for service in the Transvaal, has wfitteii these verses— MAJOR O, R. EDDY (Second in command of tlie Australian*. Killed at Rensburg). All is over, lay him low; Le&ve; lilm in his narrow lied, Where the lirefzes come and go, , Sighing for the silent dead. .While the bitter dregs yre. drink, Wipe away the tear-that fsdls; . . Better to have died than shrink j Prom the path where duty calls. Drowsy winds awake and blow Where the station cattle roam. Whisper comfort soft and low. In that darkened Austral home. Over station, range, hnd run ' Roving breezes softly blow; Lay him low, hia work is'done; Ail is over, lay him low. TALE# OF KRUGEH. A volume of Mr, Hob.sorf tells sLoriea About President Kruger. The old gentleman attended to perform the ceremony of open ing « Synagogue. On entering the building he removed his hat, and still kept it oft, though he was informed of the Jewish cus tom of covering the head. When his turn came lie .said a few words, ending * with the sentence, , "I declare this Syna gogue open in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ!' On another occasion some Jews wanted n grant of land on which to build a religious edifice. The Dutch Reform Church also required a site for the same purpose. Both requests were granted, but the Dutch got twice as much ns the Jews, who complained. "Weil," retorted Kruger, "'"'what fault have von to find? They believe the whole Bible, so they get an erf;-you only believe half the Bible, and you got half an erf." BOOKS AND THEIR READERS. Mr. (ho,1 to, tlie American Ambassador, made a good speech 011 "Authors and Rea ders" tit tiic Authors' Club, where lie was entertained at dinner recently. Remark ing upon the "teachableness" of the Eng lish-speaking peoples, he instanced the readiness with which Captain Mohan's writ ings were received and studied here, and the Barne willingness that characterized America's reception of Mr. Bryce's work on her institutions, He went on to speak of the selection by the common consent of many generations of four books from among tlie vast numbers that had been published —"Don Quixote," "The Pilgrim's Progress," "The Complete Angler," and "Robinson Crusoe." These books came down to us sifted from the others by time, and the united judgment of mankind litrd glorified them, while other valuable works had been lost in oblivion or hud sank into insignificance. Why they should have b:en so selected it Wri.s hard to say, but one fact, was worth remembering—tfiey were a.ll the works of matured men, the host efforts of TXTfect genius. Probably more of tlie productions of great authors were road now in two or three years than in the whole life-time of their authors. And. while this vbst army of readers took much from therir authors, those renders necessarily reacted upon the authors of tlie present day. So large a body of 77 millions of ^customers were en titled to very generous consideration from those who wore privileged to provide their pabulum. 