DAYS OF CRIME AND YEARS OF SUFFERING. AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY. CHAPTER XIV. NEWGATE. Newgate! How suggestive the very word! What associations cluster round the name! How the heroes of the far famed “Calendar” start into life at the Published by Special Permission of the Proprietors of the “Australasian.” Terr sound, and are visioned before us in r.U their pristine glory: How it bears the memory back to the good old times, and begets a reverence for "The grand old law, the simple plan, That he should take who has the power, And he shouid keep who can." Ghosts glide before us as we breathe the mystic syllables, and Claude Duval, Cap-, tain Mnheath, Jonathan Wild, and Jack Sheppard seem, in the spirit, present. Newgate 1 thou great school for the im provement of the mind upon the mutual -Instruction system; thou world of recon dite mysteries: thou teacher of unknown tongues; with thy choice precepts and thy perfect examples, with thy philoso phical theories and thy daily practices, how many a youth hast thou filled with a spurious and misdirected emulation, and been the means of raising to the most ex alted station, thy records chronicling his fame, and thy mansion itself becoming his mausoleum ’ More than once have I trodden thy passages where sleep the dead in their unepitaphed notoriety, and I have thought of the poet’s words, and found it easy to believe that there might- rest “Some heart once pregnant with celestial fire; Hands which the rod of empire might have swayed, Or waked to ecstacy the living lyre.” I have often heard it said that simplicity should be twin to greatness, and I never was so forcibly struck with the truth of this remark as when the liveried footman of Her Majesty's carriage handed me out at the door of Newgate. I had seen the outside of one or two of the modern—or model, if you like—palatial seminaries for ethical tuition, and the meretricious man ner in which they were decked out appear ed to me to be a sort of carved commen tary upon their own weakness. But here, ■how different ■ No wide portals replete with architectural ornamentation were opened for my reception. A little wooden wicket turned on its hinges, and in a moment the busy street was behind me, and a turnkey, a second Daniel Lambert in size, stood before me with a not un pleasant smile upon his face. In those days photographv was not in the service of the prison, and so my persona! appear ance and previous history had to be sketched with pen and ink. This was done instanter —five feet seven and a half, slender, light brown hair, grey eyes, fair complexion, read and write. Protestant, born at Finchley, Middlesex, age sixteen, once in prison before for vagrancy, con- : genital brown mark on right side near up per ribs —and the picture was complete. 1 was then introduced to the reception ward, where there were already three in mates. I was no means appalled by the look of the place, I had been familiar with far worse in my ncn-professional days. There was accommodation onlv for nine, if my memory serves me rightly. The sleeping berths were contained in a three storied frame, and there were three rugs and a mat to each berth. The ward contained a fireplace, but the weather be ing warm there was of course no fire, i Over the fireplace was a bust rudely carv- ! ed, which my companions assured me was a tradiriona! likeness of Jack Sheppard, j Above this was a large board, on which was a painted notice that any defacing or injury of the books placed in the ward would meet with pnnishment. What books are referred to I cannot say. for I never saw any. except in chapel, during my sojourn in the prison. There was a dietary scale hanging up by the side of the ward door, and a glance at this con vinced me that the turtle-loving civic au thorities had framed it in a sympathetic spirit. I should like to minutely record their generous bill of fare, but my mem ory is Treacherous. I know that the gruel was nice and sweet, that the bread was good, and the meat and potatoes satis fying. The precise quantities I cannot now specify. I only passed one night in the reception ward, and this I spent lis tening to the narrations of my com panions, two of whom were in for passing counterfeit coin, and the other for pick ing pockets. I must admit, however,that their language for the mp.-r part was in comprehensible to me. The pickpocket described how he fanned a bioak’s kick, and then touched him of a dummy; that the bloak tumbled and gave out the pay; that he made tracks like winken: thEi the bloak continued to give beefment; that a flat stopped him, and handed him over to a crusher; that he had slung the dummy; that the bloak rapt hard against him, and so he was fullied to the start, and was sure to get seven stretch on ac count of his formers. The two for the. bad money talked about being out of date, smashing half-bulls and e-outers, ringing the changes, etc. I told them I didn’t know the meaning of all their terms, and so, laughing at my greenness, they ed everything to me. I in my turn as tonished them with some of my own do ings, and they soon declared I was no flat after all. In this manner passed my first night in Newgate. * The next morning, after the medical officer had examined me, I was placed in one of the ord'nary day-wards of the pris on. The ward, with the exception- of be ing larger, was in all respects the same as the reception ward. There was the fire place, and the painted board with the book notice, the rack sleeping berths, the mats and the rugs.. There were also two tables and four forms, which I remember exceedingly well, as the forms were used for draught-boards, and the tables for playing at shove-half-penny, buttons be ing used instead of halfpence. There were not more than fifteen prisoners in the ward, and when I entered, eight of thes were employed at a well-known . prisoirj game called “coddem.” ' As" I was well- I dressed and differed a good deal in appear-, ance from the general inmates of the j place, attention was immediately:directed towards, me. I can bear testimony both ; to the zeal and skill of some of my com- i panions, for before I had been in- the ward an hour my silk handkerchief, which T afterwards ascertained was a ‘fbelcher,” had changed ownership, -having, been' adriotly filched from my /pocket by some light-fingered artist in the"dipping" line of the profession. I madea/virtne of necessity, and bore the loss good-humour edly, and -as I could tell a good story, T soon became quite a favorite with my com zpantons. My prison acquaintances were by no means limited to thoseyconfined-in the same ward with me. for, when we were out in the .airing-yard, which we were half the day, the inmates of three or four!wards were together. I don’t pretend that my virtue was much alarmed at the scenes I daily.moved among; but I certainly; was astonished that' such ah L wit nessed hour after hour should/be allowed in a prison. Publicly in the airing-yards lessons in crime were zealously-taught on -the mutual instruction principle., ;The burglar sketched upon . the prison < pave ment the instruments of-his-frade, and. with fluent tongue, explained! heir. yari-' ous uses. The shoplifter, explained- the 'various ‘methods by . which his branch of the profession might be profitably: pursu ed. The pickpocket was. more apt in deed than in-word, and gave'practical in structions' in ‘‘buzzing:’’; have no hesitation in saying that the zeal- of the-professors in this-college wasyeo' un tiring. fhe- methode.of instruction so vari ed and so apti'the.-knowledge.imparted so extended, that any person with, ordinary; intellect would, after a term or two; be qualified for a degree. ' Two -prisoners, specially devoted themselves ./to. mie. -One was a young man not much .’over twenty;, good looking- tolerably well dressed,lbut altogether -without education, understand ing . the word merely in. its; Scholastic sense.' He was one of the’-most pickpockets in -London; .and was known as “SuTivan the Wire.’’..The "other was a . midd 1 e-aged man; he hadrheen 'tinee times transported;' and boasted of- it;iknewt'ev ery cant term'of the, prisoh, end could do ; something in all -the.branches, df-prigism;. was a shrewd man of -the/world/ with a fair-amount of _intelligence’;' “was- a/clever sophist-:in- attempting' to' justify ’crime/' carried on. , business in.. .London.' as' a ‘‘fence;’’ was awaiting, trial; for-rCceiving stolen - property/--hut,'- for -want/of;inffi cient evidence, ’ was.surb to beacqintted'..: These.twp. companions'.wmaipt;,teachers. l -: the, one giving practical' ’-lessonsi.and! the/ -other/enforcing- with lbiity, his favoritn./.th eori fen hour Sullivan-', bhsi-ed-.himself; with] an earnestness worthy bf a n kt t rueti n g m e h nw to pick. pocket. /-. /He [was ■ an adept at the;buriness r -by constant- practice 1 7 soon/became^ropstys' -.expert.asJi£-was.—L-hayer- nmer/uSS-cased' my'skill for my ;.o wp-Jprofit in/the world: except on having jhs3' "my pocket .book / the three,: ,Ir/foll6w£d thfem^tfc^idrihjdng bootH, and intenminutes bad recovered my property, and emptied their pockets into the bargain; a. regular cut-diamond" affair. My -other Newgate companion—Johnson, the fence—was,•' in his teachings, of a far more dangerous character. In favor of crime he advanced , the same sort of argument that .had oc curred to myself. But there was this dif ference between us. However cunningly I might entangle myself in my own l so phisms, I was never completely deceived by them, but always had an innate con viction of their falsity. With Johnson it was otherwise. His mind was so utterly warped that he believed as he argued, and had ..no vision of the truth, which lay be yond his own pernicious doctrines. Faith, either iu the false or the true, begets ear nestness; and thus Johnson was a most earnest teacher, and, as a result, made no proselytes. His arguments on myself ■ were thrown away/ for I have never con founded vice with virtue, or attempted to justify myself the evil- I have committed. Johnson's knowledge of cant I largely availed myself of. and if I am now an au thority in technical terms it is owing to his teachings. I composed several .flash songs for the great master linguist, t-o be sung in the prison yard, but I "now turn from them myself with loathing, and can not suppose that the reader would do. 'otherwise. These compositions were more curious than edifying. It was thus that I passed the time in (Newgate. But what could be expected. The activities of the mind will employ themselves, and in the absence of everything good they are sure | to occupy themselves with evil. With no ! books, no occupation of any kind, it is I not much to be wondered at" that I and | I mv fellow prisoners discussed crime in all its ramifications, and were daily fitting ourselves for still more guilty deeds on-our return to the world than those for which j we were then awaiting our doom. There was no attempt at classification, and as for some reason or the other the men were frequently changed from ward to ward, bv the time -the sessions com menced I had made the acquaintance of nearly everv committed prisoner in the jail. I thus had the criminal character before me in a variety of phases; and, voung as I was, and quite as criminal as knv there, I analysed It with a kmd ol philosophical interest. Among the rankest weeds there were still flowers struggling for existence—in the natures the most de praved redeeming traits were to be found. I Mo=i of the crime around me was of pris- I on growth, and the fountain-heads whence | flowed all its streams were ignorance and poverty. ’ CHAPTER XV. PRISON LIFE. The first week I was in Newgate a boy not more -than ten years of age was placed in my ward. He was crying bitterly when he entered the ward, and as nearly all me other prisoners laughed at what they term ed his sniveling, I attempted to soothe i triii and inquired the cause of his tears. | The’little fellow told me he had been em ! ploved as an errand boy at some milLarr ! tailor’s shop, and that one of the men had : given him a couple of epaulettes to take to some place. As he was on the point oi 1 leaving the shop, the foreman saw - him I with the articles, and asked what Be was going to do with them. He told him they had been given to him to take out for one of the men; but when the man was refer red to, he denied the statement ox the boy, and swore he knew nothing about them. It seems the man had worked a long time in the shop, and as his character was good, j the boy was disbelieved, given into cus ! tody, and committed for trial! I was quite convinced of the boy’s innocence, but the jury arrived at a different conclusion; and the" poor little fellow was sentenced to be imprisoned in Newgate for three months, and to be twice whipped. Ten years after- ' wards a brutal murder was committed by two young men near Sawpit Gully -in this , eolenv. Both were condemned and sen tenced to be executed. The name of one i was Roach. I was then a prison-clerk in the Melbourne Gaol, and' I was in the habit of sitting np with those who were j gallows-doomed during the last few nights of their sojourn upon earth. Thus, I sat up with Roach. The last night he wrote j a letter to England to his father, which he handed me to read. It was a lons’, sad j letter, but the saddest passage it contained i was this:—“l am guilty, very guilty, now, dear father, and in a few h-ours I shall be j dead; but indeed, when I was flogged and j imprisoned in Newgate for . stealing the j epaulettes," I was innocent and good. You j will believe me now, for God will judge ms j soon, and I would not tell a lie in my last moments.’’ On reading this passage it j flashed upon me directly that Roach was j the same little hoy (and yet how different •) whom I had coinforted with kind words in Newgate ward, and I was right. When I mentioned the circumstance to him, with ■ an intensity of mental vision that I have on other such occasions found to be pos sessed by those who stand on the verge of the grave, he looked hack upon the far-off past and recalled at once the minutest par ticulars of-our first meeting. I was ter ribly affected at this sudden recognition; and picturing to myself the poor weeping innocent boy whom I had pitied in New gate, and seeing the bloodstained unhappy being before me, whose last sun had set, I was unable to control my feelings, and I sobbed like a child. He too wept, and our tears mingled. The first kindness that had visited his prison-life he had received at my hands, and the last consolation,- which in that dread hour only faith could give, . I breathed, into his ear in. the Saviour’s words. I might, by way of episode, give his story, but I have heard- so many, like it, that to me it seems too common- place to narrate at length. It may be_ condensed into half-a-dozen lines. In Newgate he was familiarised with crime, contracted, a prison-intimacy with one older than him self, was met by him outside the prison, for crime was shortly after arrested again; was in the course of a few months trans ported, had suffered a good deal of punish ment in Van Diemen’s Land, and, coni pletelv hardened -in heart, had finally com-' mittea murder. Some time during the first week of my confinement .1 was sent- for by the chajh lain,- and interrogated with' reference 'to' my previous history. -My interview was a very long one, foT, as he told me I could sp_eak to him in.all .confidence,JC related tc him my whole history. At first he scarce- j ly believed me, but after, a pretty, keen, j .cross-examination I succeeded in' bonvinc- ! ing him thatiny narration was perfectly/ true. He addressed me in very kind-; words, and appeared, by his- manner, to j be really sorry for me. I could not avoid .mentioning-to him-the fact of-there being' no?books in-any of the wards, an<Lhe,said‘ that the prisoners hads-destroyed them, so frequently that the prison authorities -seemed- to think, it useless to anply; any - more, He stated, however, that he would : make &. demand',, for’, some entertaining Kooks," "and recommended that' they ~ sh'oul and ~ be issued -to prisoners personally, :.andj not placed in the'wards as heretofore/;a( /method .which.would lead to individual re-, sponsibility/ and thus cause the books’.tb be more carefully used. On the following dar ha again for me/ ahddent. me; from his ewn private library, a couple "of ' volumes—Reid on the Mind, and Cowper’s ; Poems.-- These - books werea—source of. never-failing enjoyment to me, and I usad to think" that-when -so little'.couldc make one -happy, -how-foolish"it wa9-to -commit sin 'by wholesale, in the vain pursuit of happiness.’.During my.jstay.in JSewgate the chaplain sent for me from time to ; ; time, and . waa always ready , with .a„fresh. 'bodk whieii'f solicited the favort ’ The Rev. Mr -Davis, the then- Ordinary of Newgate, was without doubt a true servant of;His -Heavenly Master, and I how: 'rerord with j grateful'remembrance the Chrisian kind- : ness which'he'-extended to me. Surrounded 1 as he was, by ihe.worst elements of hninan : i nature; he had -faith in God's power to re; i deem. -He" (dealt ■ largely in gentleness',' knowing that , ? " '' “The rugged rock'oft holds within! its " : bosom, •" • • - ; -, Deep;.hidden, a.fount of sweet and-living \- waters, ' ' •' ;!Ehat needs, but- the,.soft-power of, some \- sweet influence " To call it gushing forth.” - It - was in Newgate that I first noticed’ the ceaseless craving which'exists among - prisoners for tobacco. It is in the 'gaol jrhat., mpney^isjin the world 1 . Only pos-. ydu’ ca'n-‘.««mmand jthe services of‘those around you in any way you may wish.-r For a couple_-of;ohewg of tobaccoThaye’.frepuently-.known" nmahlto pari with -"'nearly.. th e. whole . of rhis.; day’s foodcGf. course it . was in Newgate a pror hibited article;-but somehow,.despite jthe Vigilance of .turnkeys, it ueedto'penetrate L- even-tortbe very condemned/cells.!lt iwas-- 'no jmuiual: thing to;see-a mamcutfingbff 'of ;hisj <»at/fwWch - in, -'i^l2yiw^rd;TOtmd- ? piece^bf;th%-hacptic;, i appraS^dfby^^te^’BtSMm^ttiKvaluev third! i. for- soma <srte‘fo hrtspK^tOT/ ■ - ! —, !fS--'j baccb/ Iremember oneday, when to bacco was an : 'exceedingly dity/ I" was langhing visages of those around ritifjg. n nrfhls; to obtain the ieastparticlb or .the, coveted weed, had "yeiy-, inuet thef; flL men who ware going , to. be Than geflt 0 Kpfpy were so ill-tempered tKerA/ra»..no getting even a civil w<wd»from even the ordinary i profession^-ifejapCEjS seemed to be at a standstill. ’FhgjHd.lag* was down on his luck, and hadn'ta'U Ui if to say. The housebreaking. artist no longer "sketched his: illustrations upon'the* yard pavement'; and young Sullivan was so terribly out of- temperithat ihe refused to give me iny daily'lesson in. the dipping line. To put them all in good humor I managed to obtain a pencil and a bit'of a white calico shirt, and I composed “A cross chap ? 8 address-to his mate in a time; .of great tobacco scarcity/' ' The lines were : rnhbish, which ! should be ashamed to re peat, but I did not think so at the time-. Having improvised -the rhyming appeal to; the charitable, -I stuck ft up in the yard,’ and it attracted the attention of the turn key. But the idiot had no soul for humor, and he introduced both me and my verse to . the governor, and I was locked up for three days. ' - ... ; i There .was a murderer, in the prison awaiting trial. This wretched 1 inan was the general subject of conversation. We all saw him in chapel apart from our- | selves, in the place assigned for prisoners j committed for any capital offence. But j little attention was given to the service; j and after it was over, before any cf U3 had left the chapel,- whispers could be heard which plainly indicated, how the minds of those who were assembled pro fessedly for the Worship of God had been really "-occupied: “He looks game on it, don’t he, Bill?’’—“I say, Tom, do you think they’ll scrag him?’’—He’s a lumdy sort of cove, he won’t want much of a fall —“He’s well togged. He’d better sell his duds for stuff, instead of letting the hang man have them.’-’—"A littfie white about the gills. He’ll turn out a soft ’un in the end”—these, and a hundred other such ■remarks, followed upoD his first appear ance in chapel; "and every morning this poor wretch, who in a few days was to be doomed to the gallows, was the centre of staring observation and the object of un feeling remark. After? his condemnation he was narrowly observed by the pri soners to see if he showed anything like the white feather. The morbid curiosity evinced on all sides was really shocking to witness. The minutest scraps of informa tion as to how he slept, how he ate his meals, how he passed his time, what he said, etc., were eagerly sought after, and repeated from month to mouth. But the grand thing which all seemed eagerly look ing forward to was the condemned sermon. The Sunday came at last for this piece of display. The chapel was “got up” in the best style; the pews were filled with well dressed persons who came to witness the exhibition (for it was by no means to "be a prison monopoly);.the prisoners were all assembled; the pulpit -was hung with black; and then, when everything was i ready and expectation stood waiting on j tip-toe, the poor victim, for whom all this j preparation and parade was made, was J marched in between two - turnkeys, who I conducted him to a seat just outside the ] governor’s pew. The text I remember j well. It was from' the 79th Psalm—“ Bet j the sorrowful sighing of the prisoners ! come before Thee; according to the great ness of Thy mercy, preserve Thon those j that are appointed 1 to die.” The sermon j ! was a finished. production, full of elo quence, and very effectively delivered, ] but- it was by no means level to the ca- j parity of the one who should have been : most benefited by -it. I closely scanned j the appearance of the condemned man I during the whole of the time we were in j chapel, but I could perceive no trace of 1 emotion in him. He listened throughout with the most stolid indifference, and at the conclusion of the service rose from-his seat, said in a loud, firm voice, “Good-bye, lads,” and then marched outwith the air of a hpro. And then, as soon as the rest of us were hack in our wards, we all spoke of him in admiring terms, and’ were unanimous in pronouncing him “a plucky cove.” So much for the example -within the prison! And without the prison—what of the example there? Long before daylight—- hours before the death - bell" tolled forth to the city’s throng that there was work that morning for the gal lows— the low mumnrings of the thousands who had assembled to see a a fellow-creature strangled could be heard distinctly in the-wards and cells of New- How many crimes were committed in view of this “warning to the world’ I cannot pretend to say; but this much I do know, that the day after the hanging spectacle two youths were committed -to Newgate for picking pockets in eight of tho gallows, one of whom is, at the' time I am now writing, a prisoner in this de partment. undergoing- a sentence for a similar offence committed in Melbourne.. (To be continued.)- 