SKUiTOHKJR HAUNTED CHURCHES. Wo who live at the oIobo of this nine teenth century oan hardly think it possible that the strange stories of ghost-haunted ohurohos wore onoe firmly believed. Happily for the peauo of the regular ohurohgoer thero are bnt lew onurones in. NXfCati UdtUlU WUIUU UttYV IVUIISVIVU wa being tho home of spirits, and ovon those that are haunted do not appear to snffer materially by reason of thoir boing so as sociated. The beautiful Devonshire ohuioh of Ottery 1 St Mary (whioh may bo said to bo Exetor Oathodral in miniature — so muoh doos it resomblo it) oontains, intor alia, soveral i monuments. Ono is ercotod to tho momory of John Ooko, of Thome, who diod in 1632, and roprosonts an armed soldier habited in half- armcar, with trunk hose and Jnok boots. His left hand grasps tho hilt of his sword, whilst his right holds a baton. It is bolioved ho was mnrdorod for mer- oonary motives by a yonngcr brothor. Wo are told that beoanso of the injustioo done him, hiB Bpirit oannot rest, and his statno therefore stops down from its nieho at night and stalks through tho silent ohuroh. Adjacent to tho ohuroh at Tamerton Foliott is tho old Ooplostono Oak, beneath whoso branohoa a member of tho Ooplcatone family was murdorod a number of years ago. Small wonder, then that it Is said his rcBtloos spirit haunts tho quiot ohurohyard— apparently seeking oomfort in reading tho tombstones of those who wore privileged to die in the ordiuary course of events. Perhaps the best known of those haunted buildings in Sootland is tho 'Auld AUoway Kirk' or Ayr. Tradition says that a farmer on his way homo from Ayr ono market night saw tho plaoo was lightod up, and on look ing in at the window ho boheld tho Devil, with a number of old womon danoing around him, Onp ho reoognised and shouted , ' Weol, iuppon Moggie, wi the short sark !' Resenting this Interruption, tho Evil Ono and hiB oompanions gave ohaso to the frightoucd farmer, who made all haste for tho bridge of Doou, and orossod tho stream by tho merest chance, in time to escapo capture by tho Dovil. Bums porpotuates the logond iu hiB famous ' Tam o' Shanter.' His Satanio Majosty is again responsible for the spirits haunting tho ohuroh of Widdecombe-iu-tho-Moor, on Dartmoor. Tho edifioe was, on Sunday, Ootobor 21, 1638, Btraok by lightning and sovoroly damaged. Four persons ware killed and sixty-two injnrod. The Dovil 1b said to havo oaussd this thunderstorm, and he is positively known (aeoording to tradition) to have attended at Widdcoombo personally on that day in the gniso of a hor soman. It is assorted that tho Bpirit forms of tho iour people killed have siuoo walked the ohurob at nightfall, and tho provailing boliof among the moormen is that thoy will do so until tho Last Day. Tho old ohurcli of St. Mary, at Borry- Fomeroy, seems to mako far too good a pic ture for a haunted building. Novertbnloss, if we credit tho history of au early ocoupier of Borry-Fomeroy Castle, adjacent, and hor association with the oharoh, wo find snoh is thn nP.oa TviiiUfrnn airnin tol I u rta knrn 4-fi<x daughter of a former lord of tho castlo mur dered hor ohild there, and that in doath sho apparently passes part of hor time at tho soeno of tho tragedy, and the romaindor at tho gravo of hor dead ohild, wbioh was buriod in the ohuroh. Her apparition, it is said, has appoared on several oooasiona to independent persons, and the faots made a very strange slory ; but aB it has not boen aeon for nearly a oontary, it is to be hoped hor troubled spirit has at last found solaon. Tho old ohurohyard of Kolvedon, Essex, also has its ghost, £ or a legond runs that a local inillor — ' tho only honest miller in tho oounty '-—was so poor that ho was unable to pay his way. This preyed upon his iniud so muoh that he oommittod snioido by hanging biuisolf from a tree thero, and further, no is frequently notioed — by those qualifiod to see snoh sights — hovering around the ohuroh- yurd with a halter around his neok and his tongue hanging ont. 