THE BEAUTIFDL MRS. LEACH. CHAPTER XXXIX.— (Continued), ' The tables of knick-knacks had been placed on. one side, and the whole apartment looked altered. In the centre stood Mr. -Spong, book .In hand, awaiting the bride, and close to him the eager, happy bridegroom, supported by Albert Morrow. A mass of white bowers sur rounded the little bridal party, rearing their fragrant blossoms from pots and vases, while palmB overshadowed the spot where the 'bride and bridegroom were to stand. To please a strange whim of Gnstlna's the blinds had been drawn, shutting out the brilliant morning sun, while artificial light was sup plied by a set of handsomely wrought gold cnndalebra.. Iff the dining-room below, the wedding breakfast was already laid, the fine solid gold plate of the Ashfords being used for the occasion, while placed on show wore four Oharle3 II. flagons of magnificent silver re pousse. . . . As Cristlna entered the Impromptu chapel, -with eyes modestly cast down, Monleflore realised that the moment of supreme Jo.v and triumph -had come for him. He could hardly resit rushing forward: but refrained, remem bering the presence of a stranger In Mr. Spong. She advanced slowly, leaning on Mr. Morrow's arm. Then the opening words of the service broke the silence, as together Cristlna Leach and Monteflore Isaacs stood before the large book, which Mr. Spong bal anced on the flat of his hand. A reverent little gathering it appeared to be to the out- ward eye. in the old-worm room, wnn us ever-abiding fascination. Mr. Spong felt deeply Impressed, for he al ways experienced a certain sensation of awe .when he entered the noble building which foi centuries had harboured the oldest family in the county. His voice took a fuller tone, and rang out with the dep sound of a bell, as he uttered the solemn words: "I require and charge you both, as ye will answer at the dreadful Day of Judgment, when the secrets of all hearts Bhall be disclosed, that if either of you know any impediment why ye may not be lawfully Joined together in matrimony, ye do now confess it. For be ye well assured that so many as are coupled together other wise than God's Word doth allow are not joined together by God, neither Is their ma trimony lawful." ' A momentary pause, and then another voice, and a voice only, vibrated through the air, i-n low lloarse accents, shaken by emotion: "I forbid this cursed union. I, Edward Leach. My blood calls from the ground iq protest. ThiB holy service is but a mockery, hurled be fore the Throne of the Almighty in scorn and derision by the children of Hell. Stand back ye men of God who have gathered here with believing hearts, and toucli -not these three loathsome reptiles who trail their poison across the earth. John and Albert Morrow, Cristlna, my once wife, I condemn you from the grave! Your flngerB are dyed red with my blood, sacrificed to the god you worship . and serve— the great god Mammon, who go verns your souls, making you the brutes that you arc. No longer shall you bow the knee before him, no longer shall you spread evil throughout the realm, for the end is at hand, condemnation awaltcth/ retribution falls! Woop and wail, the' hour approacheLh. De scend Into the pit which you have dug for others. The sword of the Lord has risen to shield the defenceless. Your victim, your bridegroom, shall be delivered from the Bnare of the fowler!" An awe-lnsplrlng moment of silence follow ed tills ghostly protest, while every nerve In the listeners' bodies racked with -agonised suspense and horror. Lips were parted, but burning throats arrested the rising cries of terror, and struck stillness Into each petrlfled soul. With creeping flesh and bloodshot eyes, they stared around the haunted room, expect ing to see the awful flgure approach, clothed In Its shroud, from boneath the earth. But no sound, not even the rustle of an angel's wing, nor the flashing Eplrlt light of medlumtstlo flame, flitted across the c-arved celling. Appalled, unmanned, astounded, the bride groom held his breath, and felt his teeth chat ter. Was he In the throes of some ghastly nightmare? Had the powers of evil broken loose to rob him -of his senses in the midst of ills Joy,, and lash him to madness? A thou sand despairing thoughts crowded his throb bing brain; a voice within, as terrible as the voice of Edward Leach, whispered fell words of base distruct. Why did John Morrow stand with craven face, not daring to look up, while this devil In the voice of the dead, uttered these dastardly untruths over the head of the cowering bride? Why had Albert, blenching, apprehensive, suddenly broken the painful pause by a Btlfled groan and a smothered oath, instead of Investigating the gathering mystery wnn some snow or inuiuy luiuiuue; x deli very faces convicted them, while a power greater than his own will seemed holding the bridegroom back when he would have rushed forward to support the unhappy woman thUB accursed from the tomb. Conscious that the voice would come 'again, they waited, trembl ing:, during this brief respite, till the terror should pass from the room, and the spell which held them speechless break once and for nil. i A deep sigh came next upon the nlr, the slgli of n person unseen, - weighted by the knowledge of a fearful crime. Then an en tirely 'different voice, familiar to -the ears of Cristlna, addressed the bridegroom :n grim, djstinct accents: "Monteflore Isaacs," Jt be gan, and a deathly cold crept over him as Jt came stealing through the nlr, "wilt thou take tttat murderess 'to thy wedded wife? To love her, who has plotted your ruin In secret, and now seeks to shed your Innocent blood, : even as she wickedly schemed the death , of her first husband? To comfort her who, without pity or human feeling, preys upon the weak and unsuspecting, robbing the un- 1 wary, and breaking good men's hearts with her treachery? Wilt thou honour and keep a fiend In fleshly guise, who without a thought for the dreadful Day of Judgment Is In league with her -co-conspirator to murder you. as they murdered my poor Mr. Eddie?" ' The voice broke In a hoarse sob. No one had entered the room, nor could any hiding- place be seen, where man or woman might be concealed. Cristlna, blanching deathly white, turned her scared eyes in all directions under the accusing words. ' "Betty," she Bhrlcked, wringing her hands, "Betty, where arc you? It's a lie— a lie— a lie! I tell you, Betty, a He!" She sank upon her knees, every vestige of strength desert ing her, as she covered her agonised face, and trembled with horror. ' , , "Ask John Morrow If it is a liel" came the voice again, thrilling those-assembled with apprehension, "Ask the man who calls him self your father: or that villain whorls here in the name of your brother! ASk them what they did with Edward Leach? Go back to the well In the garden; dive down deeply and seek its treasures. Your vilo plot has been discovered : the awful truth laid bare. Jus" tice awaits you, for at last— at last, thank God, Mr. Eddie shall be avenged! Oh! base serpent that you are, to entrap with hoheyed words and false smiles one of the best and noblest of England's sons, that you might lay hands upon his worldly goods, and then in cold blood strike him down by the cruel knife of your accomplices. It 1b thus you would likewise serve your present lover. You had .planned, mark well my words, to lure him to, Australia, that out in the wild bush John Morrow might slowly poison him to death, unseen, unsuspected! Then, without a re- giet your desporat© gang would h£tve»madc merry on the fortune bought with blood. But the day has come when all your secrets lie disclosed, and your awful conspiracies, no longer hidden, stand out in the glaring light of God's truth!" These condemning utterances petrlfled the guilty ones, and filled them with unspeakable alarm, For without a doubt the room was empty, save for Betty's convicting voice, loud and clear, floating apparently on space, - \- Mr Spong had dropped hts book during the first shock of what he believed to be a spiri tual manifestation, and clung for support to the back of a carved oak chair, staring ill hor rified amazement at the bride. Monteflore, like a man turned to stone, stood gazing helpless ly around him, frozen to the core by a sud den doubt of the beautiful woman at. hip feet. If the weird voice, walling forth Its accusa tion, had spoken nothing but what was false why should his fair bride cringe in the very dust under the lash of this blood-curdling tirade? "Ah! you cannot answer," the voice con tinued. "You are powerless to fight against the vengeance of tire Lord. Behold, the Al mighty has hewn down the evil and wicked doers, who lie In wait- and work secretly to devour the orphan, to rob the widow, to pil-, lege the very friends beneath their roof. Who intercepted you when the plot was hatched against Bloomfleld Park? Who wrested the Jewels from your man Cutcllffe, and returned fhem to their lawful owners? Who severed the wire at that gambling party and led yor ' blindfold into the trap you laid for others? Somebody handed over to Justice those crue! swindlers when they sailed with such oonfi dence Into Plymouth Harbour on the 'Purpli Heather.' Somebody also knows that John, and Albert Morrow were the assassins. of Ed ward Leach. And now I, who loved that cru elly wronged man, proclaim to your intend . ed bridegroom, Cristlna Leach, that a like! fate awaited him but for the interposition of . Providence. Heaven has saved him at the ; very moment when in the name of the Holy Trinity he was about to make you his" wife.! Whose is the hand which has dealt this fatal blow to your vile plotting? The human hand, used as an Instrument by Higher Au-: thority! Do yoii know, John Morrow ? Do; you know, Cristlna Leach? It is the man you hunted from his home with Jeers and taunts; the man whose father you would have murdered when this bloodsucker. %bo stands now in bridal array, had taken to Herself the title of Lady Ashford. These are Sir Oli ver's words, placed in my humble moutji. that the hope of my life might be fulfilled, to see the vengeance from above fall on the mur derers of an innocent man." A groan of pent-up anguish broke from Crlstina's ashen lips. With hair pushed wild ly hack from her forehead and eyes dilated she staggered to her' feet, reeling forward to wards John Morrow. "Let us fly— fly!" she gasped, not knowing what she said, only struggling against ga thering faintness like a driven beast' hunted to death. Her words broke the tension of the moment, and turned the cowards' thoughts into a fresh channel. Why had they waited — John and Albert — to hear these voices at all? Surely if they fled the ghost could not follow, though it seemed to speak through space. Panic-stricken, as people possessed, they made one frantic rush to the door, fol lowed by bridegroom and cleric! Out Into the picture gallery they ran, only to be greet: oil by a small group of stalwart figures, who arrested them In the name of the law. "Oliver Ashford, this is your doing," hissed John Morrow,' as he struggled to free him self in vain. The young baronet, who stqpd apart from the sturdy policemen, now ad: VGiieed, looking first nt the two men criminals and then at the cowering woman in her bridal white. ' "Yes,'' he Eaid, slowly, distinctly, 'Ht is my doing! I have followed your felonious prac tices one by oris as they were made, known to me, and In each case they failed' in their Intent to harm, through coming to my know- lodge. I, too. have schemed,- John Morroty, to avert the injuries' you were striving to in flict. I .had not the slightest 'Intention of spying upon you when I conceived the idpa of fixing a mechanical telephone from the' Oak Room to my bungalow. I. could not endure the idea of my. mother's sacred apartment be ing invaded by strangers. You elected to mnke It your sanctum on purpose to cause me pain. It was Just one pang the more, which you delighted to inflict. You had th, whole of Compton Hall, and I resolved to drive you out of the Oak Room, which I hoped to keep untainted in. memory of my mother. W hen you settled to take my home., I usee the one month left me to flx this apparatus, which should enable a human voice to haunt you whenever you found yourself in that hal lowed spot. "To do this my scientific studies came to my aid. The loud-speaking, telephone was easily constructed. I placed a taut wire be tween two wooden diaphragms, one ef which was a part of the oak panelling of the room, and tlio other I fixed in the bungalow. The wire passed through pipes, which I was care ful to lay myself. Directly you were install ed in my old home i- prepared to Indulge my fanpy of freeing the Oak Room from your presence, merely to gratify a sentiment. "Naturally, I could hear your voices clear ly, as I intended you to hear the sounds I was about to create. You, John Morrow and Cristlna Leach, were talking together, speaking unblushlngly Of your damnable vil lainies. The words you uttered changed my purpose. From that moment I held it a duty, for the protection of the publlo, ttf fllay eavesdropper and rescue ipnocent people from your fiendish snares. I saved my friends at Blootn field Park from a carofuljy- pldlined robbery, which but for ipy knowledge would have been easily carried through, since Mi'B. Leach, being on vJsJtlng terms, tvas able to .furnish elaborate details. Next I saved the unsuspecting guests ht Compton Hall from losing' their Jewellery. With the aid of my future father-in-|aw we overcame your man Cutcflffe, who is now secured like yourself, when we returned the valuable Intact, thanks to Mrs. Leach giving us a list of their owners in the Oqlt Rqoin." - \- Crlstina's Jaw dropped; she Idked like a dead woman' leaning, against the waH. 'while Jphn and Albert Morrow listened as it their lives hung In the balance. Oliver continued In the same even tones, "Then, with your own mouths,. you told me the underhand scheme planned to trap-'frc'sh dupes at gambling. Again Mr. Thursby came to my assistance.' It was he who cut through the venqer and severed your treachprpus wire. But even Xhen you were not turned from yPur evil doing, biif (nest needs lure Jhl.s unfortu-, nato Mr. Isaacs into your' toils for the s'uke" of bis fortune. " You would have killed him as you intended killing my father— sb you did kill Edward Loach I I have ample proof of this. Witnesses who have heard your con fessions carried along the tell-tale wire will not only bring the evidence of their lips against you, but certain .articles procured from a deep well In the late Mr. Leach's gar den. The boots, with the larger soles fasten- ed-on; the dagger stained with human blood, and the valuables stolen from tfie body to TeTgn an appearance of murder, for robbery— these things, too, rise in Judgment! You stand charged with sacrificing human life to quench your lust for gold! On that count you are -now arrested. . I commit you to the mercy of the law!" Sir Oliver Ashford turned and left without another word. . ' ' CHAPTER XL.— A FAIRY PALACE. The winter had gone, and sweet, warm summer days were blessing the glad earlll. Nature seemed to have forgotten the chill of the dreary past, and all the flowers had burst pfresh into bloom in the grand old gardens of Compton Hall. Two figures nrm-in-arm strolled along the terrace; a man 'and a woman. A look of deep contentment Bhone on bptli faces, as Sir Oliver and Lady Ashford passed beneath the Oak Room window, pausing to feed the gold fish in' the round pond. "How lovely everything looks to-day!" said .Ethel, with a bright smile. "It is almost Im possible to- believe now that those dreadful people ever darkened this dear home," "Don't think of them, darling," replied Oliver, "they have their deserts. Thank God that gruesome chapter of our lives is closed, never to be re-opened!,"' Sho looked up at him with the story of her love and trust written in a pair of gentle con fiding eyes. "It seems so wonderful to he quite happy," she added, "almost like a fairy tale. But then this Is a fairy palace. Isn't it, Oliver?" 'Ho laughed gaily at her words, catching her to .his heart, and the goldfish rose upon the surface of the stll water to watcli that fond embrace. (The. End.) 