, FOURTH DAY. The fourth day's, sitting of the Con- ference was held at the Wesley Church on March 23rd. The President of the Conference (the Kev. Gr. E. Bowe) pre- sided, and the President of the General Conference of Australasia (the Rev. H. T. Burgess) was also present. The proceed- ings opened at 10 o'clock. CONGRATULATION FROM THE GOVERNOR. The secretary of the session, (the Rev. T. Bira) read a letter addressed to the president from His Excellency the Gover- nor, written on the ovo of his departure, congratulating the Rev. G. E. Rowe on his appointment to office and wishing tho conference the Divine blessing in all their endeavours. , The action of His Excellency (Sir Gerard Smith) was much appreciated by the con- ference, and it was resolved to suitably acknowledge the communication. COMMITTEE OP PRIVILÈGES. The following gintlem.au were appointed to form the committee of privileges, winch is a body elected for the purpose of carry- ing'out all matters of ceremony in con- nection with tho church on behalf of the Conference :-The president of the Con- ference, the secretary of the Conference (the Rev. T. Bird), the chairman of tho districts, the general superintendent of home missions, the ministers of the Perth, Fremantle, and Guildford circuits. Sir George Shenton, Messrs. B. W. Hardey, Jas. P. Walton, Thoo. E. Lowe, E. J. Bick- ford, J. Veryard, J. Hawkins, X. S,. Battye, "W. Simpson;. E. T. Robinson, G. Berry, A. E. Forsaith, E. T. Owen; A. J. Wright, W. Ennis, G. B. Humble, A. Gorrie, H. E. Mofflin, T. Abbott, W. G. Johnston, and Dr. Wilkinson. . \ SUSTENTATION FUND» Tho balance-sheet of the sustentation fund was presented by Mr. Theo. B. Lowe, in the absence of the lay treasurer (Sir fieqrge Shenton), and approved. The Rev. G. E. .Rowe and Sir G. Shenton were thanked for their past services and re- elected treasurers. v Mr. A. Gorrie was appointed auditor. y " FOREIGN MISSION AUXILIARY. The balance sheet of the Foreign Mission Fund, for tim period ending December 31,1699, showing that a credit balance of £164 2s. lOd. had been forwarded to the General Treasurer of the Australasian Fund, Sydney, was read by the Rev. F."6. Finch and adopted. The retiring officers, the Rev. F. S. Finch and Mr.'J. W. Langs ford (treasurers) and Mr.' H. W. Congreve (auditor) were thanked for their services during tho past year, and the officers were appointed for the ensuing year. Mr. J. W. Langsford and the Rev. H. Wilkinson were appointed treasurers, and Mr. J. S. Battye auditor. The following were appointed to foe the committee for the Western Australian Auxiliary of Foreign Missions: - The chairmen of the districts, the ministers of the Perth, Fremantle, and Guildford cir- cuits, Sir Geo. Shenton, and Messrs. J. ^S. Battye, B. W. Hardey, J. W. Langsford, J. P. Walton, J. Robinson, H. E./ Moffln, W. G. Johnston, J. Hine, Geo. Berry, and Dr. Wilkinson. A resolution was passed requesting the Foreign Mission Central Board to arrange for a suitable deputation to visit this colony next year in the interests of foreign mission work in this centre. CHURCH LOAN FUN». The balance-sheet of the church loan fund for-the period ending March 21, 1900,'' wis presented by the treasurers, the Rev. J. A. Jeffreys and Mr. 'J. P. Wal- ten, and was adopted. Tho .treasurers and auditor (Mr. Theo. B. Lowe) wero thanked forj. their 'past services. The fermer were re-elected and Mri J. Hine appointed auditor. ' .'LEGACT'TO THE CHURCH. The executors' in the estate of the late Mr. A.'W. Lewe reported that a bequest of ¿100 had bera made to the trustees of the Wesley Church, Perth. BOOK STEWARD'S REPORT. The boek steward (the Rev. J. A. Jef- freys) presented his report oa the book room, which had been established for about twelve months. The book-room had, con- sidering the difficulties experienced in initiation, been placed on a satisfactory basis, and now contained a g*od selection of standard theological and other works. The report was adopted, and the thanks of the conférence were given to the Rev. Mr. Jeffreys for his services. The Be v. G. E. Wheatley was elected book steward for the ensuing year, and the following com- mittee of management was appointed : The president and the secretary of the conference, the ministers of the Perth, Fremantle, and Guildford circuits, Sir George Shenton, and Messrs. J. Robinson, J. P. Walton. Theo. R. Lowe, J. W. Langs- ford, and J. Hine. ?CHURCH AND TRUST PROPEBTX. The reports of the district building committees were read and adopted. The retiring committee-men wero thanked for their services, and tho appointment of district building committees for ' the Bnsuing year resulted as follows': Eastern district: The chairman of the district, the superintendents of the Kal- goorlie, Coolgardie, and Kanowna circuits, md Messrs. T. Hewitson, E. Williams, W. T. Isaac, J. W. Goss and F. Mitchell. Southern District : The superintendent, ministers of the Perth, Fremantle and Guildford circuits, Sir Geo. Shenton and Messrs. Theo. R. Lowe, J. P. Walton, A. Gorrie and W. G. Johnston. Northern District: The superintendents of the Geraldton and Dongarra circuits, and McBsrs. K Pope,- W. Jose, W. Carson and Jas. Stokes (Geraldton), G. Waldeck and F, Pearse (Dongarra). . ? . The conference agreed to the following " sale or leasing of property, as- recom- mended by the District Synods :-Sou- thern District : Northam, sale of 100 . acres of glebe land, to go towards're- duction of church debt ; Albany, sale of - three town lots ; Bunbury, lease of town " blocks and glebe land for 14 years. Eas- tern district : Kalgoorlie, sale of land in Hannan-street. The recommendations by the District Synods regarding the purchase of land and erection of new buildings were approved:-Southern district: Perth, purchase of land at Leederville, cost £110: Perth, td pur- chase land at Woodville,' cost £50; Perth, to build church, Leederville, cost £300; Perth, to build church, Wood- ville, cost £300; Fremantle, to build church, Plympton, cost £500 : Bunbury, to build church, Collie, cost £200. Nor- thern district : Dongarra, erection of church, Black Flats, cost £100, manta at Dongarra. Eastern district: Kal- goorlie, erection of church, Golden. Gate, £250; Coolgardie,, erection of church, Burbanks; Kanowna, erection of manse, Kanowna, £200; Broad Ar- row, erection of church, Paddington, £100 j Menzies, erection of manse, Menzies. Malcolm and Leonora Mis- sion : Erection of churches, Leonora, Malcolm, Mount Morgan, and Laverton, £160 each. ' WESIETAN METHODIST ACT. * The committee of privileges was di- rected to take into consideration any amendments that might be necessary to the Weet Australian Wesleyan Metho- dist Act, 1895, and to report to the Financial District Synods. WOEK OP THE CHURCH. The following resolution regarding the work of the Church was carried: - '.That this conference places on record its deep sense of gratitude to Almighty God for the remarkable suc- cesses that has attended the work of tho Church in all its branches during the past ten years of, our history in Western Australia, and that we, assembled in this, the first, confer- ence, pledge ourselves to renewed con- secration to Christ and to earnestly seek a fresh baptism of the Holy Ghost." In connection with the work of the Sunday schools, the conference passed the following record of appreciation : - "The conference places on record its appreciation of the faithful and devoted labours of the officers and teachers bf our Sunday schools throughout the colony, and rejoices in the increase in the number of schools and scholars dur- ing the past yean" The following decision was also ar- rived afc:-"In recognition of the su- preme importance of the work and claims of the Sabbath schools, the con- ference appoints a committee consisting of the President of the ?conference, the secretary of the conference, the superin- tendents of the Perth, Fremantle, and Guildford circuits, and Messrs, J. P. Walton, A. Gorrie, A. T. Wreford, and J. W. Langsford, to report to District Synod on the general management of Sunday schools, the methods of teach-, ing, the character of the literature cir- culated by the Sunday school libraries, and âll other matters affecting the pro- gress of the work." THE CONNEXION BUSINESS. The following resolution was passed f -"That this conference requests the Home Mission committee to consider the advisableness of establishing a Con- nexional Office in which the business of the Connexion.can be scheduled, classi- fied, and recorded, and that a report be made to the Financial District Synod." TWENTIETH CENTURT COMMEMORATION FUND. In connection with theTwentieth Cen- tury Commemoration fund movement, and the opening of a historic roll, the following were the final resolutions .adopted: "A roll, to be called the historic roll, shall be opened in each circuit, on which should be inscribed the names of all the members of the Church, teachers and scholars in the Sunday school, commu- nicants, adherents, or friends of Metho- dism in Western Australia. The roll shai be opened on January 1, 1901, and closed on December 31 of that year, and shall tie autographic as far as practic- able. A corresponding roll shall be opened, to contain the names of all col- lectors and subscribers, and as far ss possible each name on the historic roll. should be represented by at least the sum of £1, given or collected, on the other. This roll shall be closed on Feb- ruary 2S, 1903." "That in each circuit, at its next quarterly meeting, a committee shall be appointed, with a circuit secretary or secretaries, to arrange for locahcelebra tions, the appointment of collectors, and otjher details, and generally assist in or- ganising and carrying out the scheme." SOUTH AUSTRALIAN GREETINGS. The following is the resolution which was presented to the conference on Wednesday by the Rev. H. T. Burgess (general president of the Australasian conference and the South Australian conference) from the South Australian conference:-'"That this conference offers its fraternal greetings and con- . grätulations to the Western Australian conference, which is about to be consti- tuted. - In parting from the ministers of that colony, who have hitherto'been members of this conference, it assures them of its sincere appreciation of their self-denying devotion to the cause of God, and expresses its earnest "desira that the blessing of God, which has crowned their labours with signal sue- \ - cess, may still be bestowed-upon them. This conference requests its president (the Rev. Dr. Burgess), who wiU open the Western Australian conference as president' of the General Conference, to be the bearer of this resolution," The conference adjourned 