GENERAL ITEMS. The Automobile Club of France some months ago appointed a committee to as certain who was the real inventor of the automobile. The committee now reports that M. Lenoir, who on January 24, 1860, took out a patent for a motor, operated by the explosion of gas, is entitled to the honor. M. Lenoir, who is still alive, and aged 78 years, was discovered in an ob scure village. The automobile club is organising a big fete in his honor, and will present to him a gold medal. The will of Baron Adolphe Charles de Rothschild, of Paris, who died on 7th Feb ruary, has been proved. The legacies in clude 250,000 francs per annum in per petuity for the foundation and mainten ance of an ophthalmic hospital in Paris, 40,000 francs per annum in perpetuity for one in Geneva, and 40,000 francs per an num in perpetuity for the poor working girls of Paris. The English personalty is sworn at L2,"50,000. The popularity of the various British warriors at the front may be gauged from the sale of their buttons in Londoni by the gutter merchants. Colonel Baden-Pow ell is easily first. four millions of the but tons with his image on them having been sold. Sir George White reaches a million, and Lords Roberts and .Kitchener a mil lion and a half between them. It is cur ious to learn how the demand fluctuates with the ups and downs of the war in all cases save Baden-Powell's. Lord Me thuen's admirers bought out the whole supply of his portraits at the start, but after Magersfontein his demand, fell to zero. Generals Warren and Gatacre are now unsaleable. In a German mine recently, the utility of the electro-magnet for removing iron and steel articles from awkward places was shown. A bore was being sunk, and at a depth of almost 1000ft. the hardened end of the steel bit broke off. In order to get the broken piece of steel out, a soft iron bar, 5ft. long and 2.7 in dia metar, was surrounded by a single wind ing of indiarubber covered wire. It wae then magnetised by means of a small dynamo and let down the hole, and raised the steel to the surface without further trouble. A unique Roman relic has been'dis covered at Chester in the shape of a lead water pipe, with an inscription contain ing the name of Agricola, the great Roman Governor of Britain.. Important as he was, no other inscription has been found which bears his name, and the Chester water pipe is thus unique. About 2cwt. of lead was altogether found, yielding 11 pennyweights of silver to the ton, pre cisely the same amount of silver found in certain Shropshire ores at Minsterley, near Shrewsbury. A German, who seems to have had some experience of political meetings and open air demonstrations, has de vised a desk for the stump orator. Very few speakers can get along without notes and gesticulations, and the inven tor rightly thinks that the speaker should be able to deposit his papers on something handy when he wishes to raise his hands or otherwise use them for emphasis-it spoils the effect to see a bundle of papers waving in the air. His desk is a folding one, and is sup ported by a strap passing round the neck of the speaker; it is made to fold up to a size convenient to the pocket. It is doubtful whether a speaker har nessed in this manner will present a more dignified appearance than one with a few sheets of foolscap in his hand, and it might be awkward in the event of a rush on the platform, but the inventor thinks it will be very useful. A most shameful account is sent by the "Times" correspondent at Lourenco Marques of the treatment meted out by the Boers to Englishmen who were, re cently'taken prisoners at Ladybrand. Three gentlemen, Messrs Park, Berry, and Neale, were not only threatened with death, but were actually flogged by the Dutchmen. As they have now arrived at Lourenco Marques and bear on their bodies the traces of this brutality, there can, we should suppose, be no question of the accuracy of the report. The way in which hundreds of women and child ren are being driven from Johannesburg, if the account of the "Times" correspon dent is correct, is no less shocking. One young man was dragged from his wife's deathbed, and placed handcuffed in the train that was to take him to the front. If this sort of thing is going on, it must be pretty clear to the Boer authorities that they are now reduced to the last ex tremity.-"St. James's Budget." The Select Committee of the House of Commons "'to consider and report upon any allegation of fraud and irregularity in connection with the War Office con tracts during the last twelve months," has elicited from a witness the fact that bribes had been offered to officials by con tractors, though up to the present there is no evidence that any had been accept ed. The matter of the shipment of bad hay in the Manchester port for the use of troop horses going out to South Africa was further ventilated, with the result that Colonel Dunne, the officer respon sible for supply inspection, admitted al lowing the hay to be shipped at Liverpool without an inspection. This he called "a little slip." Very few European chiefs of fire bri gades have been trained or have worked their way up as firemen. In Paris the chief must be a soldier, and the depart ment is a regiment of infantry, placed at the disposal of the city of Paris by the TVar Office. In Berlin the chief and most of the men are veteran soldiers, though many are artisans and mechanics. In London the chief officer is from the navy and nine-tenths of the men under his command are sailors, while in Glasgow the chief officer is a master mechanic by trade, and every fireman must be a skill ed worker of some kind. In Nusso, Swe den, the fire department is made up of 150 women, and the "waterworks" are four enormous watertubes. A suggestion has been made in London, that now the Irish Guards are in course of enrolment, a regiment of Colonial Guards would be an attractive addition to the House Brigade. The colonies have given such splendid help in South Africa and shown such excellent fighting abilities that they deserve permanent re presentation near the Throne. A caval ry regiment called Guards of the Empire, or Imperial Guards, would be a compli ment to the Colonies, and would add ef fective strength to the Household Brigade. In all these matters we are largely go verned by sentiment, and there is a senti ment underlying the suggestion made which is at the root of the dream of Im perial Federation. There is a common idea that the Crown holds a good many millions of money in Chancery, pending the discovery' of the proper successors. Smart firms of agents advertise all over the English-speaking world, publishing a list of names of sup posed rightful heirs, and inviting com munications from persons bearing similar names to those in the list. But the fact seems to be that of the fifty-eight millions in Chancery, the owners of all but one million are known, and even from this balance a good proportion may be deduct ed as the share in small sums of those who are aware that they are entitled, but have not yet taken the trouble to put in their claims. A journalist at Belgrade has been sen tenced to five days' imprisonment for libelling the Greek gods. He wrote a satire dealing with the amours of Jove, Venus, and Mercury, and the public pro secutor charged him with "disloyalty to religion." Poor scribblers are already sufficiently harassed in guarding against any offence to the quick, and usually they pay respect to the memory of the dead. But this liability for slander upon the characters of mere creatures of the imagination adds a new terror to their list. Such a system might any day arrest the Ghost of Dickens on a charge at the instance of the attorneys of Mrs S. Gamp, a nursing sister. The average quantity of correspondence exchanged weekly between the United Kingdom and the South African field force is (according to "St. Martins-le Grand"): From the United Kingdom- Letters and other articles, 150 to 160 bags: and parcels, 60 cases.. To the United Kingdom--Letters and other articles, 11 bags; no parcels. In addition, there is, .of course, a large amount of military, cor respondence, originating and delivered idt the Cape Colony-there being a very con siderable number of colonial men at tached to the irregular forces at the front. The reputation of being the driest spot on earth is claimed by Payta, in Peru, a place about five degrees south of the equ ator on the coast that has risen forty feet in historic times. In February. there was a fall of rain of more than" twenty- four hours, the first for eight years. The average interval between two showers is seven years. Sea fogs are common. Of about nine species of plants noticed by a recent visitor seven were annuals, and their seeds must have remained dormant in the ground for eight years. In spite of the lack of rain, the long-rooted Peruvian cotton is grown in the dried-up river bed, furnishing crops that yield subsistence to the natives. Lord Roberts' letter eulogising his tem perate army is now fo:lowed by a return of the Adjutant-General in India, which states that last year only 97 total ab stainers were convicted by.court-martial, as against 1627 non-abstainers. The Army Temperance Association adds that 23,610 of the 70,000 British troops iA India are teetotallers. In three regiments-the Black Watch, the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders, and the Queen's Royal West Surrey Re giment-over 50 per cent. of the men are total abstainers. Ten batteries of ar tillery have the came proportion of non drinking men. According to some encellent theatrical and music hall authorities, there is a growing tendency on the part of people moving in .mart sets to "go on" in the spectacular scenes of popular melo dramas. The innovation, which began years ago at Drury Lane in "The Derby Winner," and which apparently reached its apogee in "Hearts and Trumps." is now spreading to the variety theatres. In Paris theatrical, but especially operatic managers have been confronted for many years with a similar desire among non-professionals. When Halan zier was in the Rue Le Pelletier, a well dressed man presented himself one morn ing and asked for a place among thl "supers." "I require no pay," he said. "but my wife has fallen in love with an actor at the Ambigu disporting himself every night as a mosquetaire, and I wish to prove the counter-attraction." Halan zler put him on a hackney, and in a magnificent costume in "La Juive," and a few days later had the felicity of being informed that the recalcitrant spouse had returned to her allegiance. Of course, actor-worship crossed the Channel long ago, and perhaps the movement in Lon don is due to the cause just stated. "Daily Telegraph." Admiral Dewey having hitherto enjoy ed a unique immunity from Mr Do3aey's satire, we have anxiously awaites the pro nouncement of the Chicago sage on his candidature for the Presidency, says the "Spectator." As we expected, Mr Dooley regards it as an amiable weakanes: "Did ye iver see a sailor thryin' to ride a horse? 'Tis a comnical sght. The reason a sailor thrice to ride a horse is because he niver r-rode wan befure. If he knew annything about it he wculdn't do it." So is it, he argues, with "Cousin George,'" and he pictures him inquiring of a po liceman what is the government of the country, the name of the President, and after an inquiry into the duties of the post deciding that he likes the lak of the job, "an' nobody seems to care f'r it, en' I've got so blame tired since I left th' ship that if I don't have somethin' to do I'll go crazy." "Cousin George" knows nothing of party politics; he tells an in quiring interviewer to put him down as a "Dimmycrat with ethrong Republican leanings," and Mr Dooley picturesquely, sketches the course of his disillusionment, the usual campaign of personal e?lumny leading to the issue of General Order. Number One:-"To all superior officers Commandin' Admirals iv th' IUnited States Navy at home or on foreign ser vice: If anny man mintions an Admiral f'r Prisidint, hit him in th' eye an'- charge - same to me." Finally, on Hennasy's protesting that it is no sin to be a candi '<late, Mr Dooley retorts:-"No, 'tis same times a misfortune, an' sometimes a joke. But I hope ye won't vote f'r him. He might be ilicted if ye did. I'd like to raymimber him, an' it might be I cuiden't if he got th' job." All manner of facts are brought to light by means of the Paris Exhibition, which is now daily growing in favor with the French populace. One of them is that the pickpocket of our experience or ima gination exists no longer, and that he is now reappearing in a highly modernised form. He takes the shape, we are told, of a polite and well-dressed gentleman. of perfect manners, who endeavors to play the St. George to distressed ladies wandering about the Exhibition. Has a fair one lost her way in the labyrinth? Is she being molested by too pressing sales men or women? Up starts her deliverer, a gentleman immaculate as to ha:, g:vres, boots, and every detail of the toilet. Of course this gentleman is wise and wary enough to know which ladies he may or may not approach, and when, af:er a triumphal rescue from the confusing path ways, or the distressful persecution of the seller of Exhibition things, the lady finds herself at home, delighted with the perfect manners of her knight-errant, she finds that in an altogether inexplicable manner her jewelled watch, her well-filled. wrist have departed with him. But this purse, and the very diamonds on .her modern reappearance of the pickpocket ought not to cause very great surprise. for more than half a century ago Heine told the world that when he met the Devil nothing of the cloven hoof and tail re mained, but the Ruler of Darkness was dressed in irreproachable evening dress and moved easily over parquetted floors in brilliant salcns.-"W'etminster Bud get." The following opinions of a French en gineer, M.L Leon, who returned to Paris from South Africa, in April last, wvill be of special interest in the light of recent events. When he has enjoyed a little rest, he says he will do everything in his power to excite Continental sympathy forn the Boer cause to the highest possible pitch. The description which he gives of .Mr Kruger is characteristic: "He is as shrewd as any one can be. He has a thorough and per fect knowledge of the spirit of his race. He holds the country in his hand. His words are heeded, his will is obeyed. All his fellow-countrymen are determined to follow him to the end. Not a single defec- . tion is to be foreseen in the Transvaal as long as he lives." Joubert was the Boer general with whom M. Leon was best ac quainted. "He was an admirable com mnander for his fellow-countrymen. It is true that he had learnt in previous wars to devote himself entirely to defensive tactics but he was wonderfully skilful in their execution,and it is not demon strated that the Boers are adapted to any other kind of warfare." This last remacrk is noteworthy, and then comes an equally interesting reference to the influence of Colonel de Vil!ebois-Mareuil. He warn- ed Cronje of his danger. "How many men," he asked him one day, "have you to cover your left?" The reply was, "Three hundred." "But," objected the Colonel,. "if the English attack you in force on that side, they will break through your .00 men in the twinkling of an eye." "There is no danger of that," Cronje answered. "The English will never go so far as that from the railway." Of General Botha, the new Commander-in-Chief, he says: "He is brave, amiable, and active. He is ador ed by the Boers, who would not have been pleased if anyone else had been selected. . . The fact is, that he alone took the measures which led to the triumph of the Boers at Colenso, and then at Spion Kop." The Boer artillery force consists only of £00 men, and the guns used are Creuzot, Krupp, and Maxim Nordenfeldts, all of seventy-five milli metres. As for the ammunition, a suf fcient supply can be procured from a mranufactory crgarised in the Transvaal. 