THE WAY5 OF- N0BTHERN WATERS, AND MANY OTHER WAYS. By JE. Ovtm, F.E.Q.S. Past IV. The Aralura is . sea whsre it at frays seems to b. a summer after noon. The »un no sooner emorges' through the ineffable iriogoa of the t^r oanopied night, that bat A little while before heralded hit approach, than w«rm sensuous day springs into full being, and banishes in aa instant tbe trailing garments 01 the night. A host -has. that blends iu one globe the twin concaves of sea and sky meets wtin a spring wnere tbe rei eun has just passed up t. march across the soft blue firmament, The only apparent change as he gradually olimbs towards the zenith and elipe dovrn towards tbe west is in the direction of the shadows of the ship's spars and sails. At ouce at dawn the warmth is as it will be until the sun sinks into ' the bath of ttae western stars,' and the short tropical twilight draws the curtain of the oooident with a gorgeous opaline wand. And night comes out, gentle, languorous ni^ht, in rich blue robes, flowered with stars, and aweops the sea with .trains of trem bling silver. Balmy airs, .perfumed with the subtle aroma of tropical seas, steal over the Water and stroke it into tiny tipples, that lap the vessel's hull, with a sibilant sooth ing lullaby, that sends tbe watch below to sleep, and makes the steersman dose st the wheel. A soft dew falls, the condensation of tbe haee that rose during the day and wrapped, the horison in its dia phonous folds; a strange feeling of awe, wonder, and mystery, holds tongues from converse, and tbe primal silence of . that silent ae a is unbroken by any sound, save the Japping lullaby of the ripples, the 'droning of the .booms on the spars, and the faint, almost inarticulate, prattle at the bows. The luminous night steals on, the watch glides round the ship with a tread as noiseless as a ghost's, and changes without a murmur. Again a slender strip of pearly light runs along the eastern sea rim, then it glows in yellow and gold and red, like a grass fire on an open plain,, momen tarily the fire rises higher, as if.it were running uphill, bnrets-.into a general conflagration, and day leaps into life when the flambent disc of the rising sun cute the thin dividing line of sea and sky. The lazy swell rolls on in long glassy. uudulstions, with out a shadow in its hollows or a seam upon its crests. The schooner glides up one side of tbe sleepy ridges, with a perpetual motionless motion, that suggests eternal slum ber, or it sometimes -seemeth as if she and not. tbe sea were moving, like some curious automation over a fixed immobile sheet, for the swell is too slow and oily to shake her sails or bump a block. It rolls on and on wearily, languidly, as if im pelled to its dreary task by some eternal implacable force it would fain ignore, and subside for ever into a monotous watery waste of perpetual breathless slumber, where never a breeze rose to wake it, or a current ran like blood veins through it, or a steamer came to fret its surface with a lashing propeller. It seemed to realise in its languid immobility much ol the impassivs calm of the changeless east. The languor wub not sensuous. It was a drugged sleep as if somewhere round its shores the drowsy man ?Iragora grew, and fanning over its surface with imperceptible breath lulled it into dreamless aleep. As we drew gradually towards the northern shores of the Territory, for a two knot oumnt, and the effortless swell and the light night breezes were with us, and we made more progress than we seemed to be doing, the suggestions of 'the East' were strengthened. Out from the land, yet far down below the southern horizon, although we were aware of ita presenoe by an oocaaionsl oolumn of smoke standing abore tbe sky line and a frequent pile of thunder cUnd, like a snowpeak whose moun tain range stood scores of miles away beneath the rim of the sea, faint flavors of peculiar indefinable aroma, we had notioed first on the Queens, landcoast, that is the perfumed breath of all the tropics, floated to us. It is faintly reminiscent of sandalwood,' of camphor wood, of cejaput, of the rose aroma of gilliat, all distilled by the warm air in mouldy jungles. It is the finer essence of the spirit of lassitude that dwells in the tropics, and is half the quantity of that ener vating glamor whioh onoe it casts tbe subtle spell of its listless fascination over one, that one. is doomed never to find peace or rest in any other region. But as w. glided with almost im perceptible motion, day in, day out, night come, night go, on that westerly current, and came more under the influtnee ot shore conditions, where potent tides prevailed, the .ea seemed less lifeless. The swell woke up a little and was livelier. Tbe sugges tion of eternal slumber was not so strong. There was not the strong character of stagnation in tbe water. Marine life, aa if it depended on laud for subsistence, became more prolific. Sea birds ware more nu merous. The sharks leas laay. From the maintop we sometimes thought we saw tbe loom of land, but pro bably mistook a bank of bush-fire fsmoke for it, for the land was, there abouts, low and far below tbe hori zon. One day the startling cry ' a boat on the port boir, sir,1' cam. from .aloft. All bands swarmed up the rigging. There it was sure enough. A boat with a black hnll, sail set, oars dipping, and people I moving about in it. Conjecture . was rife, but centred in 'a cartajray.' Slowly, veiy slowly, we approaehed each other, as their oars evidently smote tbe water with a feeble stroke, Hands waved' to as, and a glass was brought to bear on it- It was a dead tree, manned by sea birds, and tbe illusion, of oars nad been created by the medium of the rippling h.at waves, through which- it had first1 been seen. These voyaging trees an frequsnt sppari tions in northern ! watws, a* the grsat annual Aoo4s that aweep down the Tallies of tbe rivers oarry everything movable out | to sea, ami it is no unusual thing to meet them manned' bjr- hundreds of 1 screaming s^s^owl farMt at se*. Tfcey tell .me that tbe 'Arelexa SM is not always -dm, asd thai wb.n it wakes up it exhibit, characteristics very similar to thosi '.'efjbihsr ^ -??'ft' in the tropica, but whenever I have been out on its vabant spaces, far. from land, it has slumbered, with a sleep as of ages, and the slow dreamy swell was the breathing of its . sleep. Closer in to shore tbe inevitable land breezes prevail at night, and, with the aid of these, after 'picking up' New Tear Island we gradually lifted one after another of the prominent headlands of the fertile Melville Island were involved for two dan in the out lying dangers of. a long spit, that runs far : out to sea from its most westerly point, Oape Van Diemen ; skirted the western: shore of ite little jister island Bsthurst; and lolled across Clarence Straits, until we sighted the only evidence of civi lisation, or aught else human, we had .seen for 16 days,, the, alleged, ' white painted ' beacon on Point 0barles, lS miles from Fort Darwin. Mothers of ohildren affected with creup or a severe cold need not hesitate to administer Chamberlain's Oough Bemedy. It oontains no opiate or narcotio in any form, and may be given to a baby with as much ' confidence es to an adult. For sate 1 by Taylor Bros., 8t. Kilda ; 0. ; Fleasance, Prahran ; O. C. Taff, Prahran; J, Smyth, successor to W; H. Andrews, South Yarra ; E. J. Beeves, Malvern. . ? ? ? - ? . 