i THE MESMERIST'S CHIME, f;, 'UBLTSHED XT SKEdTAL ARRANGEMENT. 73y 73, Sff, War/eon , A»korof "The Cn-at Porter Square Mystery, » «Grif," "The Sooted Nunret " Miriam Rozalia," "A Fair Jewew," "The Golden Land," V ' The 'Betrayal of John Fordham," &c.;, ke. ,i _____ COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER X. — Continued.) II was during ono of his later visits to j-y Paris that he mot tlio young lady who i. beomno his second wifo. Tho passions and inclinations of men are matters of impulse c and inheritance, and though thoy may be .. controlled thoy ennnot bo destroyed. Tlio " fnomont Bernard Manbrny saw Gnbriolle a new-flower of love took root in his heart, and her image nccoinpanied him when ho wont from her presence. She wne "very little older than his daughter Valerie, and it might have been thought tlmt tlio disparity in their ages would liavo held lilm bock. But strong-minded as lie was, ' the - charm had fallen and ho could > not resist it. If occasionally tho doubt in truded itself tlmt tho union of a lady with a man old enough to bo lier father was unwise, it was instantly dismissed. In the lives of most men there are overwhelming tides which carry them onward despite themselves. That Bernard Maubray loved Gabriullo ! pasaionatoly in no way lessened his lovo for Valerie ; it helped, indeed, to strengthen it, ' inasmuch as it opened the door to a closer and more constant companionship with his dear child. It would also impart new swoct- nesB to Gabriello's union with him, for slia would have a compunion of her own ago always by hor side. He encouraged every argument favourable to tho consummation of his ardent wishes, and dismissed every argu ment which bado him reflect before ho took the final step. There were peculiar circumstances which hurried him on. Gabriello's father was so sntanglod in pecuniary difficulties that ruin I tared him in tho face. Not only ruin but dishonour; for in his frantic efforts to release himself from disaster lie had in an incautious moment stepped aside from the path of rectitudo. Exposure meant dishonour, dis honour moant death. When Bernard Maubray appeared upon the scene all this was known \- to Gabriello, in whom her father, weak and tBiaiui ut yiLrjjuoCj iiuu uuuiiueu, uuu uur ouui was filled with horror ut the threatened tragedy. Bernard Maubray wub tho ono man who could avert this tragedy, who could preserve her fathor'6 honour, and in a moment of despair she consented to bo his wife. \- No shadow of this despair was visible to Maubray. He loved, and was blind. The sadness of her face was accounted for by tho aloud which hung over her father's honoured name, the olond which it wua his good fortune to removo. To this cause, also, he attributed her wandering glances and the nervous olusping of her hands when lie pressed bis suit. In a certain sense her sadness im parted a spiritual clement to her beauty, and, given that hor heart was at rest, all elso was well. But her heart was not at rest. She con sented to marry Bernard Maubray, hut she did not love him. Had she made this clear to him ho would have instantly released lier, but he kept her secret olose — the secret whioli only one man could havo suspected, and that man one of the base creatures of tho earth whoso career was strewn with porj ured vows and blighted hopes, with shumo and despair, and ometimcs death. Even as it was she would not huvo aocopted Bernard Maubray lmd she not had a firm conviction that Iter days were numbered, and that she would soon go down to the gruve with her seoret unrevcaled. By her act she released hor father from impend ing dishonour ; by nature's decree sho would he saved from a woman's deepest shame. So thoy were married in Paris, and in tho . cliuroh in which the ceremony took place lurked the villain who had betrayed lier. He kept so far back in tho gloom of unillumiued piliara that ho did not see the faces of bride and bridegroom ; he heard tho sound of mur muring voices, and, the ceremony over, he slunk away, twirling his Mcphistophelian moustache with an air of satisfaction. It was an ohstaole removed, and ho was contented. "Bv my faitli," ho murmured, with a smile, " I have had my pastime, nud Gabriello is sottled in life. Farewell, my sweet Gabrielle." But if it contributed to his satisfaction to think that the consequences of his base act were for over removed, and that they would play no part in his future, ho could havo paid no regard to that dread Fato which weaves its threads in silence and darkness, and over- tarns the grandest as well as the meanest of mortal schemes at tho momout of fruition. We build our cnatles and dream our dreams, heedless of the unseen shadow which waits upon our actions, and lo ! when the edifice is erowned and the dream is dreamed, a tliuuder- cloud hursts and lays waste the work of the best years of our life. Back in his house, with his bride and his daughter by his side, Bernard Maubray sent forth a work wliioli set tho seal upon his renown as one of tho world's great painters. _ Three of his happiest months went by, and then the clouds bccamo overcast. Gabriello seemed to ho pining away. Always quiet and resorved, alio grow even fonder of silence snd solitude. With love's solicitudo ho observed how thin and white sho was, how the least sound struck terror to her heart, how when sho was in thought and he spoke to lie'r she Btnrtcd as though to ward off a blow. He questioned Valorio privately. Had Gabrielle complained? " No," answered Valerie, "Bhe never complains." "But she suffers?" "Yes, sho suffers." "Havo you tried to ascertain the cause?" . "Yes, hut she insists that she is quite well." "Is tho house too quiot for hor. Dooi sho wish for company ?" " No, she dreads it." And Vuleno drow his . attention to the circumstances tlmt when visitors camo, or strangors wero announced, her ono desire was to avoid them. Indeed, at this time, unknown to tlio father and daughter, Gabriello was attempting flight to some spot where she was unknown, and whoro she could remain hidden from tho sight nf nil who know her. He questioned Gabriello also, and was distressed by tho nei-vousncss and fear sho exhibited when they wero alone together. " Do I frighten you, Gabriello?'' he asked tenderly. "No, no," she replied, "why should I bo frightened when you speak to me?" But oven bb she answered sho shrunk from him and could not look him in tho face. " If you lmvo any grief, confido in me." " Yes, I wi? T was never strong, you know." " Wo will you strong," ho said, striving to speak cheerfully. " You are very good to me — too good, too good !" Sho was on the vorgo ot tears, and he foro- boro to question her farther. AU that lovo could do was done — without avail. Hor pcaco of mind seemed to he destroyed. Bernard Mnubrey's most intimate friend was Dr. Weber, a physician of great skill and experience, and from tliiB friend he sought advioo. Dr. Weqer nccoinpanied tho artist home, and gnyo a gentle hint to Gabriello of the ohjeot of his unexpected visit. "My husband is mistaken," sho said, but till with that strimgo air of fear about her. I am quite well. It is only a little weak ness, that will pass off. I am glad to see you, Dr. Weber, as « friend. I do not re- auire medical advioe," Bravely as she spoke she could not com mand her voice ; hor eyes filled with tears. 'Tears came easily now. "Well, well, madaine,'' said Dr. Weber, " behold mo an a friend, not u physician." During the ensuing fortnight he paid several visits to Crow's Nest, and making quiet observance of Gabrielle arrived at a conclusion. " Sho must have change of air and change of scene," he said to Maubray. " Of tho two I believe the latter is the more important. Sho hns something on her mind over which she is brooding, and tlio quiot routine of lier life may he injurious. Map out a three months' tour, and do not stop three days in ono place. Take her to theatres where light pieces nnd light music aro being played. A little frivolity will do no harm." When tlio project was unfolded to Gabriello she assented to it gladly, even eagerly. It was as if a weight wore lifted from her soul — from JIauhray's also. His heart grew light at tho relief expressed in her countenance. lie showed hor the plan of tho tour he had mapped out, and spoke of tho pleasure in store for them. " Wo will start to-morrow," he said. "Wo!" sho oriod, and tho light died out of her face. "You, I, and Vulcric," he said, wondering at this change in hor. "No, no," bIio exclaimed hysterically. "I must go alone — alone." " My dearest Gabrielle " But sho would not listen. With a scared look around, panting and weeping, sho oricd again, "I must go alono — alone." So great was tlio violonco of her passion that he ceased to expostulate with her. He would not, howovor, consent to her going without a companion, and nftcr much urging and pleading a compromise was agreed upon, Valerie was to accompany hor, and Maubray was to romain at home. As, in accordance with Dr. Weber's udvico, the ladies were to ston Tin Innwr f.L Jl I1 thrno rliu»e in nnanlonn it was arranged that Maubray should address his letters to the posit restante in the next town or eity to which thoy wore hound. I "You will write regularly," ho said to Gabrielle. "Don't r.k mo to promise," Bhe said. "The moment I sit down to write a letter my head begins to acho." . But Valerie promised to write two or three mes a week, and with that ho was fain to he content. So the ndieux were spoken, and thoy rodo away. Valerie in her letters spoke more of Gabriello than of herself. Now tho invalid was a little better, now she was not quite so well, now she Baid sho was feoling a littlo stronger. Time and time again did Maubray express his earnest desiro to join them, if only for a week or a few days, hut Gabriello would not hear of it, and somewhat to his surprise he was dissuaded also by Valerie, who before tlioir .departure was very anxious that he should acconixiuny them. Condemned to soolnsion lie took mental refuge in work, and spent most of his time in the Ruined Tower, where he painted from memory a marvellous portrait of his wife, absence from whom intensified tlio lovo ho bore for her. Ho wrote long letters to the absent ones, and to Gabrielle ho poured forlh his soul, writing ns a young man might have done under tho influence of tho first divine dream of love. If sometimes in Valerie's letters there was a forced gaiety, he did not detect it, having an eye only to tho brighter issues of this enforced separation from those he held most deur. Thus month after month went by until four had passed, and then the thunderbolt fell. Ono morning, without any intimation that he was coming, Dr. "Weber ascended tho steps of tho Ruined To— er, and stood in the presence of his friend CHAPTER XI. Bernard Maubray was putting the finish ing touches to tho portrait of his wife, upon which until this day no eye had fsllen but his own. With mingled, admiration nnd distress Dr. Weber gazed upon the beautiful work. "It lives, Weber," cried the artist en thusiastically; "it almost breathes. What say you P" "It is wondorfull" replied Dr. Weber, oppressed by the mournful news he was intrusted to communicato. The sad note in tho doctor's voice drew Mauhray's attention to him ; but ho turned the next moment to tho engrossing creation of his loviug fancy. _ "I did not wish you to seo it," ho con tinued, " until it was completed. It has been my principal occupation these last two months, and even now I am scarcely satisfied ; it is hardly worthy of tho original, hut who could hope to fix upon canvas a faco and form so perfect ? It is my gift to her upon her return , when she looks upon it she will know that sho has lived m my heart. Vulorie's lotters load mo to expect that I shall not have long to wait for our imppy reunion." "I have heard from hor," said Dr. Weber. "From Gabrielle?" "No, from Valorio." Again tho sadness of his voice attracted the notico of tho artist, and now ho gazed upon his friend moro attentively; " I am guilty of great selfishness," he said, laying his hnnd kindly upon liis friend's shoulder. "It is tho curse of our nnturo. Forgive my apparent indifferoneo. You aro in trouble." "Yen, I am in trouble ; hut not alono for mysolf, Maubray. There are sorrows which uffcet us deeply through Sympathy with those wo love." Mauhray's faco grew pale as ho luid aside his palette nnd brushes. " You havo received a letter from Valerie. Does this sorrow touch mo?" " It touches you, dear friend." " Valorio is ill," cried Mnuhray. "Then I must go to her. I was too weak and irresoluto ; thoy should not havo gono without me. I must go to them at oneo — at onoo !" "Valerie is well," said Dr. Weber, mid his voice grew more grave. "Good God I It is Gabriello i Toll mo quickly— quickly ! Why did not Valorio write to mo? Speak, man, speak ! There is something in your face " " Summon all your fortitude, dear friend. Valerie did not write to you direct bccuuso she feared tho shook." " The shook !" exclaimed Maubray, a vague terror stealing upon him. "She is on her way home; she will soon ho horo." " With Gnbriolle — oh, thank God ! Gabrielle is ill, hut we will nurso her iuto health. My cure, your skill " His agitation ovorpowered him, and he could not proceed. "Valerie comes alone," said Dr. Weber, solemnly. " Alono ! " "Dear friend, there aro griefs whioh need all our strength to bear. They come to all . men ; it Is tho human lot. But in the midst of onr anguish wo must not he regardless ot those who are still left to us, and whose love will help to soften oven tho bitterest strakos of destiny. Tho sense of duty remains ; faith remains ; and Timo, the healer, will mitigate our sufferings." " Gabrielle is dead ! " said Maubray in a muffled teno, ond turned bis face to the wall. " Alas I " In that eno word the revolution was clearly mode. For many minntes neither spoke ; fhen Dr. Wober said, "Valerie asked mo to break tho sad news ; sho ouclosod a letter for you." "Leave mo, Weber," said the bereaved man. "Do not speak, I cannot bear it. Sha is gone I Gone ! " , He sank into u ohnir, and coverod his face with his hnnde. A black desolation fell upon him ; joy died out of the world ; nothing but pain and sorrow remained. The image of Gabrielle presented itself to bim, ns lio first saw her in Paris when love touohed his heart ; ns ho Inst saw her when sho departed with Valorie. Had ho hut known — had ho but known ! The imee-e alowlv faded, and tli « world was dead. Ho did not weep ; the blow wns too crushing for tlio relief of tears. Dr. Wober placed Valerie's letter on the table, nnd softly left tho room. It- was a full hour before ho stirred from his recumbent attitude, and when ho raised his head his eyes rested upon tho portrait of Gabriello. Ho hud dopiotod hor with a smile upon tier face, and her lips seemed to ho opening in the act of speaking. WaB it possible that tills dumb canvns should live and she he dead ? No, it was not possible ; some-deceit had been practised upon liim. But Valerie's letter dispelled this delusion ; tlio words swam in his sight, hut reached'his sense. " Sho died in peace. Dear father, ho comforted." A smile, hitter in its rebellion against the inevitable, came from his lips. " Bo comforted ! " What could comfort a man living in a dead world 1 This was a great tragedy in Bernard Mau hray's life, hut in the heart of this tragedy was a secret, mercifully hidden from him by Valerie, tho ktiowlodgo of whioh would have overwhelmed him with a dcepor despair and a deathless horror ; a secret which would have shaken to its foundations his belief in human and Divine goodness. Mercifully spared in deed, though . his anguish wus sufficiently poiguiint without tlmt bitter knowledge which lay hidden in his daughter's breast. So overwhelming was tho desolation of his soul that the presence of his dear child brought no comfort ; that tho presence of Madnmo Hart- iniiuu, who came from Paris to console him, brought 110 comfort ; that seeing them day by day, with tho consciousness that thoy wore watching his misory with sympathetic eyes, animated only with the loving desire to find u way to mitigate it, wub an added torture to him. " What can we do for you, dear Bernard P" said Madame Harhnunn. "Leave mo to myself," ho replied. " Nothing will help mc hut solitude. I must ho alone to wrestle with my grief." So it fell out — for tlieir pleadings, wero useless— that Valerie was oneo more banished from his home, and returned to Paris with " You are not angry with mo, father ?" sho asked him on tho day of hor departure. " Angry with you, my child ? No — no !' " You will send for me 1 You will lot me come homo again !" " When I am at pence, Valerie, when I suffer less, I will send for you." Ah, the pity in her faeo— tlio tender com passion with which she embraced tho father she loved and honoured ! Was it treachery that she should keep her secret olose, the secret that brought hot blushes to hor cheeks, hot tears to her eyes, in tho solemn watches of the night ? No, it was the truest mercy. It lay 111 its grave at peace, hut uo grave so deep lis to help her to forget. To tho last hour of her life its memory would romain. For two years Bernard Maubray kept him self secluded ill Crow's Nest, admitting 110 friend or acquaintance with tho single ex ception of Dr. Weber, and he eame uninvited. Upon the first occasion, indeed, Dr. Wober forced himself upon his frieud, alarmed by the reports which reached him of tho state of Mauhray's health. " It is useless to expostulate," said the doctor; "I am here, and here I intend to remain. Fiieirls are searco, and I do not intend to lose mine if my poor skill can save him. You ore not over- plenseil to seo mo. Very good— or rather, very bud. Noitlior am I over-plonsed to seo you in the stnto you are. My deur Maubray — my dear Maubray 1 " The underlying affection in this little speech brought a faint responsive smile to Jfauhray's lips. " 1 am glad to see you, Weber," he said. » Forgive the coldness of my welcome." " I will forgive everything when I seo the Maubray of old before me. Not this Mnuhray that I see now — why, my dear friend, yon aro like a ghost ! Now let us he practical, What is the mutter with you p" "I cannot sleep." " For how long has this been so ?" " Many months." " I am going to examinu you. No protests 1 I know my business, and yon know yours. No denying that; and no denying either that to waste a talent— a God-given talent— is a heinous sill. -Hoiv many pictures have you painted this last yenr?" "Not one." "Then you have long arrears to pull up. You shall paint, my portrait, so that a fitting presentment of mysolf may go down to an ungrateful posterity." " I cannot do it." xou snail no it. It is the only favour I have over asked of you, and I will not be denied. I will give you tho first sitting to-morrow. Remember, I am your physician. " I cannot put brush to canvas till I got 6ome sleep." "I will ensuro you sleep; the lonely life yon are leading is sufficient to destroy your nerves and your brain. When did you hoar from Valerie last?" "Yesterday." " Is alio well ?" "She sajrs so." " Wliou did you write to her lust?" "A furtniglit ago." There was reproach in the glance Dr. Wober cast upon Maubray, and he felt it. Lifo was beginning to stir ivitliin him ; the friendly iinpciiousuess, the healthy boister- ousuoss of thu doctor wero tolling upon the naturally healthy organisation of tlio artist. " It is not like you, Maubray, to neglect so sweet a girl as Valorio — your only child, who loves you devotedly." " Do I neglect her?" "Would you ask that question a second timo, Maubray?" "No. You are right in much that you suy, in much that you imply. But you seo, I am worn out. Tho eurso of sleeplessnoss un balances mo." Although Dr. Weber did not approve of opiates, ho recognised tlio necessity of them in this case. But ho found that ordinury remedies wero powerless to produce tho need ful repose, and he was compelled to have recourse to a deadly drug of his own pre paring, which had tho desired effect. In a few days Mauhray's eyo was brighter, his skin was regaining its natural colour. The drug Dr.' AVolier administered was a dissolv able powder, and ono of its virtues was tlmt it wus tasteless and colourless, nnd that it imparted no flavour to the liquid in which it wns dissolved. Thus a person taking it unaware would not suspect its presence, and this peculiarity rendered it. dangerous. So great was the benefit Maubray- derived from it tlmt lie insisted upon being supplied with several doses for use, if needed, at some future time when tho doctor's personal ser vices might not be available. Complying with tins request, Dr. Weber was careful to explain tho danger that lay- in taking a larger dose tlum he had prescribed. (to bb continued.! MC — T A snool Dentists' Society has been formed in connection with the Dental Hospital, Port land street, London. At tlio inaugural leo- f.ure it was stared tlmt less than 16 per cent of school boys and girls of nn average ago of 12 do not requiro some treatment for decayed teeth. 