St. Mary's Cathedral Sermon iij Arehhishog Redwood On Protestantism. Blood and Ruis. Pollated the Nuptial Bed. Archbishop Redwood, of Wellington, who preaohed on the oocaeion o'f the dedication of 8t. Mary's Roman Catholic Cathedral, Sydney on the' 9 th instant, said : ' My text ' is, " He shall reign in the house of Jacob for over, and of His kingdom there shall be so end" —St. Luke i., 32-3. Wo are here assemble in thousands to hold a grand celebration, and 'to inaugurate a gseat event of Coolest as tioal history — great in the memories of the past, great in the bright hopes of .the future — the first Australasian Oathollo oongress. For many years, and under three successive arch bishops, conspicuous for tboir. zeal; ability, and Buceess, yon Catholics of Sydney emulat ing1 the piety of yonr forefathers in those ages of faith whioh crested the noblest religibua edifices, grey with venerablo age, in the old world, set yourselves the noble task of per petuating in this fair Austral land the glorione traditions of the past. - This beautiful cathe dral, now sufficiently ooriipleted to make us envy the eyes that will see it in its finished magnificence, this structure so grand in de sign, so solid, so msjeBtio, and so rich in every architectural griico and detail, is yonr! gift .to the Almighty, worthy of your tra ditional faith and devotion. It is the tnnmph op Yonn Faith and Gbnssositt. It will stand on its commanding site a principal ornament of yonr queenly capital,' a splendid landmark to be hailed with joy by tbe pilgrim from distant shores as he sails up your incomparable harbour. Ire- member that, 18 years ago, at the first open ing of this noble pile, my theme was the divinity of Christ, und I see no reason to ohange that theme to-day, - Christ did not found a school by soience, nor an empire by might, nor a sect by tho passions of men— r he founded a religious sooiety, or ohurch, by His own divine power. He set up a spihlttjai. klllosox to last nob ever. ' This glorious kingdom, this spiritual world, immeasurably superior to the material world around us, is the work of His Divine oreative Eower, employing for that mighty purpose uman instruments, humanly speaking, en tirely inadequate. The churoh, being the work of Christ, was made to His. image and likeness. The ohnroh is one with Christ. She is His spouse, Hismyatio body. Through her, therefore. He is always visible, always speak ing, always ucting in the world. She is, so to speak, His prolongation through time and space. HiB threefold functions of prophet, priest, and king Hi discharges by meanB of His mystic body, the ahnrob. Christ gave infallibility to His church. But — still greater gift — He gave her indefeotibility. Not only will she never err in> the domain of faith and morals, but she will oontinue always to- the end of the world, and as long as she exiBts she cannot err. She is in defectible and she olaims this property in the . solemn and reiterated promises of Christ her head. He. promised that the gates, of hell should not prevail against her ; that He would be with her. all days even -to the consumma tion of the world. (Matt-, xviii.) Hence her failing would make void His promises. , Infallibility is A Mishty 'add Awixm .Gut, but . neoessary "tou-meet . and .overcome - a gigantic, evil, the lapse'of mankind, into error, the total loss of revealed truth, the extinction of the supernatdral'in tho minds and eonls of men. Consider for.a moment the number and nature of the Christian dogmas ; consider the oatholioity of the church ; oonsider the infirmity and malice of men ; consider - the universal solvent of truth, man's proud, restless, -and perverted . intellect ; consider men's proolivities to seots and divisions; consider all this, and you will readily admit the wisdom and necessity of this special providence and ussistance of God called infallibility. Christ is a priest, and He imparted His priesthood to HiB Church. Declaring Himself a high priest according to the order oi Melohieedek, Christ as a .priest forgave sin. He is tho "Iamb that taketh away the sins of the world." Thatpower of for giving ein He aleoleftto His Churoh in'the porsonof His priests, who in the Sacrament of Order receive from him the p9'wer which" after His resurrection, He gave to His Apostles, saying : "Renoiv'6 yo the Holy Ghost ; whoso sins you shall forgive they'are forgiven them, and wboss sins yon ahafi re tain they are retained." Finally, Christ, as a priest, gave to ,Hia churoh. His sanctity, with the power to create, inorease, and pro pagate it in - His members by the seven, channels of His saoraments, by Hia Fbufeot Law os Stand aud of Life, and by His Divino example. Christ also wished His ohuruh to he catholic or universal. Finally, Christ" made the church apoetotto, because aho has her origin and her doctrine from Him. through His apostles, und because she has the succession of her pastors uninter rupted frtjm them to our day. Contrast the true church, the body and bride of Christ, with the multitudinous pretenders around her. Look at those hundreds of Contbadiotohy Devoxinattons which swarm in the British Empire and in some otherpartsof the globe. Havethey any of the innrks of tbe true churoh, Unity, sanctity, catholicity, and apostoliolty ? "Surely not. They have no unity.. Loos not for eanotity in those separate sects, I speak not of indi viduals, but of systems. The authors of the Greek sohism, Photiua in the ninth' century, and ' Michael Curolurius'in the eleventh, had no motive for their separation but blind ambition and lust of power. The leaders and founders of' v , ' PaOTKSTAXTXSX, ..' Luther, Calviu, Zwinglius, fto., were Noioaibtis fob Tkrih VioBs, Among the Greek schismatics the olergy are badly trained for - their saored functions, and live in a stuteof pitiful abjeotion and contempt ; they rpcoive Utile or .no, .consideration or respeat from the people, and they neither spread nor fulfil the Gospel tepobing. Among Protestants the most effectual means of sancti- fioation have disappeared — abstinonoe, foot ing, mortification, confession, communion, -ftc. Both the GreoksohUmanaFrotestantism have rather obstructed than promoted true olvilisation. The first has brought despotism upon .the east, the socond covered Europe, with blood and ruins in the sixteenth century, and has' over sinos boon the helper and in strument of the worst foes of Christianity. It. desecrated tho home, it " . Polluted, ma Nottial Beo, it lowered, the- dignity of womanhood, it. devastated the sohool, and etdpped the pro- . gross «f soionoo. In fine,' neither Protestants npr Greek sohisraatios have shown that the a'ation of tho Holy Ghost is with .thom." No examples of herola.vlrtues, no saints'in their ranka atoll comparablo to theinortyrsond mis sionaries of tbeCatfaolio ohurch ; and they have never been able to obtain the sauption of la miraole for their work and their doctrine. That" they, have no oatholioity is glaringly evident,: . The Greek church is ooufined to apart of the East— chiefly . Greece, Russia, and Turkey; and Protestants -.are oiroum- soribed within (ietsrmiqate limits — Lutherans in Germany, Calvinists in Gefiova and France, Anglioans in English possessions. All aro 'national pnd nose oatholio, Neither have they apoatolioity. Thpy ore : Sepauatku . fcou the Popb, , ' who is -.'the heir -"'of 8t, Peter,: the ohief of the " Apostles ; they havo a purely hnmsu and in ' no sense leu npoafolio ' origin. Their miniaters haye.no 'lawful mission, and they cannot say that they have been sent by Jesus Christ to teaeh and baptise' all- nations. Privileged obildron of ' this- Oatholio Churoh, and standing on the threshold- of tho 20th century, 1 - wo mqy appropriately take a retrospect of -the outgoing-19th oontury. From the jaws of" a "revolution the "most fearful in niatory,' Christ 'drew HQ Ohuich ' uusbathed, "robust, and ' . ' PufilFIKD bt tttb FlMOF PEHSKOOTIOir. ' ' Many have been her struggles during the- century all. ovor. tho globe ; .but many, too, her " victories, ' many tho ovpnts' which haVe consoled her .ohildren. in their .dire conflict with the world, the flesh, and the. devil; Wo may' instanoo tbo emancipation of the Oathqlics throughout the British' Empire, brought about 'by the gonitis ;and eloquence , of the immortal liberator, Daniel O' Council ; tho glorious reign of Pins IX.; the ro-ostabliahmeht of the hierarohy in Eng land ;> the Oxford movement and its harvest of iUuatrious converts; the- -Mannings, the Newmausj tbe" Fabets- ; tho definition of tha immSoulato conception ond the greatsproad-of devotion towards the Blessed Virgin Mother of God; which have' Merited for thie odutury the natne of .the " Ago '.of Mary" ; the Vatioan Council and its proclamation of Papal infallibility ; the triumph of the Catholic Church in -Germany over tho State despotism, called by "tad iCo'ny a' fight for oivfifsatiim, 'Kalturfoiitajaf ; tBC wonderful and yet present Pontificate of Leo XIII.', a truly providential mail. Ho stands out like 'a light house over our storm-beaten age, tho Axbassadob ,op a- Hzqxeb Foweb, : the representative of n greater moral force, the chief teooher pointingout to a world en- 'shrouded in darkness tiiolumihouB'- path of true progress arid civilisation-. Will the world listen to great Leo's voice P Will it accept his unerring guidance and paternal' counsel, or will ft spurn the guide and rush headlonginto the abyss P Time Will tell. Meanwhile, what are the ohurch's hopes end fears for- the cen tury before us? Besides the Widespread perversion of minds caused by 'the numerous theories.of rationalism, besides the systematic war waged io several' countries against the ohurch, God's representative on earth, aho has to contend with tho matorialiatio. tendency of the dity. Then caioulate the opposition raised against the ohurch from / Hebest and SomaK . - and all tho means at their dis posal. . Groat' ns are her perils, the obnrch has adequate power from her Divino Founder to meet and overcome them. In tbis oountry, at all events, her proepeots are bright, while her progress has been Wonderful. All , honour to the founders' of this flourishing Australian Chnroh ! Hail, Commonwealth of Australia, youngest in the family of nations I God speed- thee in thy great career ! Be virtuous ; bo free ; be prosperous : be eternal ! Proade, prospere, et regnat esto fatix ; esto beata , etio perpetua ! 1 venture, in conclusion, to congratulate you; my Lord Cardinal, oh the achievement of the great objeot for whioh you and your pre! decessor have worked so hard and so well. I congratulate- your excellent and devoted elergy — seoular and regular — who. have so nobly co-operated with their' illustrious leadsr. But how shall I' congratulate in adequate terms the ' Haffy Oatholios of'Stdney and the whole d;oeese P Great indeed is the work you have done, and great accordingly your joy and pride at its sucooas, and greater still will be your reward. The rich with their wealth, the poor with their hard-earried wages, the widow with her mite, you have reared this splendid edifice for God, for ^your selves, for your ohildren, and many genera tions yet unborn. . ' All honour to your faitli und devotion. All honour, too, to those many Ouerous and liberal persops of, other denom inations who have helped . to ereot' this imposing monument,' and I assure them that God will bless them a hundredfold for con tributing to build this house of prayer, this temple where - Jesus Chuist will be Adohed and Fbaised. His doctrine taught, His sacraments adminis tered, and the principles of His.civilisatiori pre served and inonlcated. - In their inmost hearts they respeot the Catholic Chnroh, and, if her credentials are fairly . set before them, they will learn to embrace and love her who was tbe life and glory of England for over. 1,000 years. I hail thee, Oh young and flourishing ' Ohubch of.Austealia ' eo'fitly represented by this stqtely pile, grand,, fresh,-.. and now. from 'the builder's hand; I hail thee as the earnest and war rant of countless blessings for the future ohildren of men. And 1 hope that, in God's mercy thou wilt long onjoy the leadership of the great cardinal who now guides thy des tiny, and that thy march will be from victory to victory until thy final triumph is consum mated in the land of tho living, in the bright realms of eternal bliss. > 