TUBUSHBD fi* SFSCUL AHLiSOCMEMT# Tales of the Weird ,, and the Wonderful. By RICHARD MARSH, Author o£ ** The Beetle; a Mystery," "In Fall Cry," "Frivolities," "TheCrime and the Criminal," "Marvels and Mysteries," &c.;, &o.; A DOUBLE-MINDED GENTLEMAN. CHAPTER Xi KCE peo-1 plo those Grooraes." Dawson had driven mo*'over to the station, and was staying to eco roo off. I made this remark to bim as wo wcro stand* ing on 1bo platform •waiting for tbe twin. " They are." He paused to givo a vigor en* puff or two at bis pipe. " Nico people of tbo good old sort. Old J GroomVa a trump. He's not—well, ho\ not fin de siecle, you j know, and all that I humbug ; for it is humbug-, most of it. He pats on no side. Ho mokes no pretention to ; be what he isn't. I don't say that he's cither -literary, musical, or artistic, although mo>t . ^eqplo seem bound to at any rate pretend to be . either one or the other'nowadays. He's not a swell in anygeuso>und, what's more, he kuowj> he isn't; hut he's a homely, honest, hearty, . hospitable English country gentleman, that's what old Grooraeis, air. And when you come to think of it I don't believe you'll find that a yhian can be anything much bett&r.;" Ah tbo trafu bore me onwardn, in my own mind I heartily endorsed those words of . Dawson's. 01(1 Groomc—as Phil Dawson lather irreverently called him—had done not alittlo to makeiuy stay with Phil, in his bachelor's quarters, the pleusanie.-*t visit I had ever paid anywhero to anyone. It is, perhaps, immaterial to mention that a Miss Groonio — Hiss* Nora Grooms, tho sccoud daughter—had had something to di with so desirable a consummation. Put it was at . least a comfort to know that eho had so satisfactory a father. No, not in any sense a genius. A little stolid. A littlo heavy in hand, perhaps. Even curiously simple on a Certain side of him ; yet, for nil that, as Phil -. had said, a homely, honest, hearty, hospit fcblo countiy gentlem tu. And so extremely friendly, too, to a forlorn "young bachelor, Who still—and very much still—had his way to make, and all tho world in front of him to make it in. . Then, all the rest of the way to town, I thought of Nora. . Pour or five nights after my return to my own quarters I dropped into a conversazione j at tho Apollo. Tho place wasAcrowdcd. A J • conversazione at tho Apollo Club means | musio. You generally hear somebody uew who is worth hearing', or who wi-hes the; . world to thiuk that he or sho is worth hear* | lag. That night, however, there was not! : anyone particularly striking. Tho whole affair to me seemed dull. Perhaps that was to some extent because Gwendolen Martini— as sho called herself—fastened herself on to me liko a burr, and mentally I .was institute . tng unfavourable comparisons between her and Someone else who was not there—which was. " no doubt unfair to Hiss Hartini, who is "both a clover and a pretty* girl. But then so many girls aro pretty ana clever nowadays »—ana nothing moro. At last X found myself in next-door neigh bourhood to Stephen Bcnsherg. Bensbcrg is an extraordinary roan—ouo of too now Sond of scientific doctors, with theories, and his eyes fixed, so to speak, on the next century but one. Among other thing*, he is u fnusiciaii, a fair performer.on mora than one instrument, and a keen critic—one of those . critics who, in a composition or au artist, are alwavs, as it were, looking for something Which others cannot seo. "Anything worth staying for?" I In gnired,"when I saw that ho was at my elbow. " There iB. A man named Goad. 41 Goad I Who's he P" 44 That I have not yet made up my mind about." Something struck me in his tone. '4 What do you mean ? " 441 have not yet made up my mind if be is a genins or—something else." Ho stopped as if hesitating. "But be is at least worth Staying for. Asa pianist ho is, I fancy, Original." 44Is hs a new importation from theFathcr land?" Bcnsherg smiled. 44 No, ho is English, although it was I who discovered him. Ho oocupies rooms over thosoof a friend of mine. One day I was with my friend. X heard eomeopo overhead. I took the liberty to listen. I took the further liberty to intrude upon his privacy, iud to introduce myself to tho performer. It Was Goad. Hero he is. You will be able to Judgo for yourself if he is worth staying for.'' "Hullo!" Icried. "There is a friend of mine. What on earth is he doing here?1" Out of the ocntro of the parting crowd there uppcared, in front of uvNora's father. He appeared to ho alono. I oast as searching a glance as possiblo towards the part of the room from which ho had come. But, so far as I could perceive, no other familiar faco was with him. 1 should as soon havo expected to see old Groome, "all by himself, at the Apollo Club, as, say, at a Fleet-street bar. I felt that Bensberg'a eyes, wcro on me— as if my surprise had communicated itself to him. "You know him, then?" *4Know him? ..Know whom?" - " Goad. That is Goad." 41 Goad I" Bensberg was pointing to old Groome. I supposed that he was poking fun at me. But, to my unutterable amazement, old Groome was calmly ascending tho dais, at tbe end of the room. • And not only ascending the dais, bat, advancing to the piano, • he seated him* self at the keyboard. It is no figur^,of speech to say that I was dumbfounded. Old Groome a pianist of a calibre (o nmko his appear ance before the hypercritical cognoscenti of tbe Apollo Club. It was.uld Groome, there could bo no doubt about that. And yet, iu his simple-mindedness, I had beard him de clare, with my own. ears, that ho did not know one note of music from another. And I had cordially believed him—he was just that sort of man. A hush carao over the chattering throng, and old Groomo began to play. We have all1 of us read in fiction—out of it. for a matter of that—hysterically exaggerated accounts of wonderful musical performances. That word " wonderful" was the only word which could bo properly applied to old'Groome's perform ance then. Alusic? Well, it was a music— of a kind, though it was certainly the queerest muric I had ever heard. , The piece he played was not by any recognised com poser; it was not even in the style of any recognised composer. To tell the truth, I am not sure that in a musical sense it was not nonsense; but. played as he played it then, it affected nio in a way iu whicn I would rather that music, or anything else, did not fttfcct roe. It made ine lose my mental balance. As ho played, old Groomo grew moro and mere excited, and in some strange fashion he managed to convey his own excitement to his. audience. His was not the stereotyped excitement of the ordinary great pianist —of a typo wo know so well. That is generally confined—very 'much confined— to the performer at the instrument."This was communicated to the folic in front. It affected me. I fnuoy it affected Bensbcrg. And when old Groome ceased playing there ensued that silence which is more eloquent than applaud, and it was only after a moment or two that a din began-which was eimply deafening. Bensberg turned to me araidet the tumult. "What do you think of it?" "I don't know what to think." "Did I not tell you?" Charging into the crowd I reached the dais just as old Groome was coming down the steps. I held out ray hand to him. " Mr. Groome 1" I cried. He looked at me-^-but that was all. Not tbe slightest glimmer of recognition flitted across his countenance. 44 Sir?" he said. ^Surely, Mr. Grnome, you have not for gotten mo already ? " He paid not the slightest attention to jny outstretched hand. He looked straight past Ah, Bensbcrg," ha observed, in the most placid tones imaginable—the placid tones 3 bad learned to know so well—it seemed that Bensbcrg had followed at my heels—44 what did you think of it? That was a dream Ihad last night—a nightmare.'' 4<So I should imagine." Bensbergh* cones were dry. He looked from Groome to me—nnd from me to Groome. In my bewilderment I made a farther claim for recognition from Nora's father. 41 Mr. Groome, what have I done that you should have so soon*forgotten me? " »Forgotten you?" He looked at me quietly, yet intently, as if I were a perfect stranger. But it was old Groome. It vat impossible—onl of tho stories—that there could be in existence two men so m ioh alike. Though when I observed him closely I per ceived that in his eyes there was a new. light ana fire—I had almost written, a new intelli gence. " I am not ia the habit, sir, of for getting anyone. Groome is not my same. - ] am Isaac Goad." Bensbcrg interposed. He laid bis hone I upon rov arm. I 441 fancied, just how, tbat you might be I mistaken in your recognition of Mr. Goad 1 Goad, let me introduce to you my friend, wht is also a musician—Mr. Attrce." Old Groome—or Mr. Goad—favoured mi with an old-fashioned little bow. It was ol< Groome to the lifo. "I shall be honoured by tbe pleasure o your acquaintance, Mr. Attres." Then he took my hand. Bensbcrg and I went home with him to hi I rooms to supper. He insisted on our going 1 just in old Groomo'e hospitable way—and as •for soma reason, Bensherg would not go without me. I went with him. Throughout the remainder of that night I was in a sort of waking nightmare. If I could creditthe evidence of my own sensea I was in the presence of Hr. Grooae. If I could credit Mr. Groome him self, I was in the presence of Mr. Goad. He played to us.. I never heard such playing before. I hope never to hear the liko of it again. It had such effect upon me that, when we said good night, I felt as if I had maddened myself by heavy drinking.. "Well." asked Bensherg, as we walked away, repeating the inquiry which he had put to mo at tho Apollo, " what do you think of hixn?" v I took off my hat, so that my brow might *ho bared to the cool night breezes. : "Think of hira! Bensherg, I am begin ning to think that I am going mad." He peered Into my face as he moved he side me. ''Odd that you should havo mistaken him for someone else." 44 You would not think it odd if you know the person for whom I aid mistake him. Two pipes aro not so like each other." " Curious. Goad is not a common type. Strange that you should know his doublo." Oh tho following Saturday I ran down again to Dawson. Directly we were clear.of the station, I began on the subject which had been puzzling my brain. "Do rou know, Phil, the other night at tho Apollo I saw a man who was the very image of Mr.* Groome. Never saw such a resemblance in my life. Tho man jvaa so like hiin that I ddubl if any man living could have told which was which if they were both of them together/* "Tho Apollo! Do you mean the Apollo Club? "mint should old Groome he doing there?" " That's the queer part of it. The man j was playiug." "Blaring! Do you mean performing?"^ j ■ 14 Very much performing. Ho played a | I pianoforte solo. I never heard suoh playing, I and I believe I've heard every pianist that I ever was." "You had better tell old Groome.- It will tickle him, the idea of his playing a piano forte solo nt the Apollo Ciub." I did tell him. Wo dined at the Groomes*. Dawios drove me straight there from the station. When Hr. Groome came out into the hall to greet us, I protest that a sort of shock travelled nil down my spins! column. I still had the figure of liana Goad clearly before me in my mind's eye. I still hod, as it were, the concourse of sounds for which he had been responsible ringing in my ears. I still seemed to see him as ho stood in front of mc, declining to accord mo recognition. And when Mr. Grootno advanced, holding out his hand in welcome, tho likeness between the pianist ana my host was so strangely startling that, in - an impulse of momentary mental aberration, I exclaimed— 44Mr. Goad!" ' Mr. Groome afarcd—as Mr. Goad had done, I with just the same curious characteristic little smile about his lips. ' "Attree! What's the matter?" It was only when ho spoke that I became I conscious of the blunder I had made. The blood surged through my veins. I blushed j like a schoolboy. I have seldom felt stupid. ".Really, Mr. Groome, I beg your.pardon, but, do you know, I—I was mistaking you for a ghost." "A solid sort of ghost?1' His strong, hearty grasp .did not feel like a .ghost's. "How are you? You will oaly just have time to dress before dinner." I did orly just hare time. Directly I appeared in the drawing-room a move was made for the dining-room. The soup had been removed when Ethel Grootno—Miss Grooms—said, addressing me from the other eide of the table. 44 Mr. Attree, what is this Mr. Dawson foils mo about your having seen someone just like papa in town ?" I do not know what Nora thought of my behaviour. All the time I had been eating my soup I could not keep myself from glanc ing at my host at tho head of tho table. It was not vcry^many hours since I had supped with Mr. Goad. Every mouthful which Mr. Groome took reminded me more strongly of my meal with Mr. Goad. The ono man re produced to a nicety the other's minutest peculiarities. Miss Groome's words caused mc to cease making almost unconscious mental comparisons. I fancy that I actually started. Most extraordinary thing, Miss Groome, it really was 1 Mr. Groome, were you' ever at tho Apollo Club ?" 44Not that I am aware of. Where is it? My club's the Carlton. I haven't been in another club in London, I daro say^ for (twenty years. The ApoUo'ClubP "What sort of club is that ? I don't think I ever hoard of it." Do you know a man named Goad?" Goad 1 Goad 1 What a name 1" Mr. Groome looked at me and smiled—Mr. Goad's ♦mile. " I hare no reoollection of the fact. Why? Has an individual of that name claimed the pleasure of my acquaintance f" "No, only—it was the quosrest thiug—at a concert at tho Apollo the other night there .wasa man named Goad—Isaac Goad. If 11 you saw him, I doubt if you would know which was he and which was you/'. 41 Was he so like papa!" uakod Nora. "Like! If you had his portrait— But there is his portrait." I pointed to a portrait in oils of Mr. .. Groome which hung over the fireplace. They 11 stared at it and then at me. Nora laughed. 41 Are you joking, Mr. Attree? Do you mean that that is Mr. Goad, or that it is only like him? You know we think that It's a very good likeness of papa." '* It is an excellent likeness of Hr. Groome, hut I assure you that it's an equally excellent likeness of Mr. Goad. Since I saw him J have been in a sort of waiting dream. Bat ] let me foil you the story. I was, as I said, i at tho Apollo Club tbo other night. In the i crowd I saw Mr. Groome—I could hare i sworn it was Mr. Groorac. To inyamaze- t ment ho walked on to tho platform, and, sit ting down to the piano, began to play.. Tou ] never beard snch playing. It was more like t a madman's than-anything else. When he t had finished I rushed forward, taking it for granted that it was Mr. Groome." Mr. Groome interposed. M Taking it for granted that I was a mad man, I see. Much obliged for the compli ment." 441 don't mean that, Mr. Groome, but let me go on. To my amazement, when I addressed him, ho stared at me for all the world as yoti aro staring at me now, Mr. Groome. I fought that I might, uncon sciously, have done something to ofFend you. I was beginning blunderingly to ash what it was, when you—I mean he—atopped me by saying that his name was not Groome, hut Goad— Isaac Goad. He said this in a tone of voice —youknow there Is something about a man's voice which is characteristic ox tho man, you seldom hear two voices which atp alike—bat he said this in a tone of voioe which was so exactly like yonrs that, upon my word, I did not know what to think. While I was making an exhibition of myself a friend of miuo came up who introduced xne to Mr. Goad. Mr. Goad insisted on my friend and myself going home with him to supper. All the time that we were having supper, in every gesture, every movement, every little action, every intonation of his voice, he so reminded me of Mr. Groome that—well, the Gorsican brothers, and Leaurqucs ancLDuboso in 4 Tho Lyons Hah,' aro not in it. as regards resembling each other, compared to the resemblance, Mr. Groome, which Air. Isaac Goad has to yon." I daresay I told my story with a little excitement of manner. I think it possiblo that I did. I fancy that it created an im pression, and that not altogether of an agreeable kind. At least, l eathered as much from tho way in whioh Mrs. Groome spoke to 44 Tours is a flirange story, Mr. Attree. As you are possibly aware, Mr. Groome has no male relations living, and we in the county aro apt to think, not only that the Groome features have been handed down from gene ration to generation, but that they ate, in a way, unique." 44 Just so. I can easily bolievo it, Mrs. Groome. I certainly saw no one in the least ; like Afr. Groome until I had tho pleasure of I meeting Mr. Groome, and until I had the plea>ure of meeting Mr. Goiid, bat that only makes the likeness between them the more remarkable." 44Is this Mr. Isaao Goad a married man?" Mr. Groome asked the question, as it seemed to mo, a little drily. Not so far as I know. Ha occupies bachelor's chambers." 44 When was thy concert at tho Apollo Club?" Let mo see—it was last Wednesday night:" 44 How odd," exclaimed Miss Nora. Papa did stop in town on Wednesday night." •4 In what consists the oldity?" inquired her father. 441*believe that Ido. occasionally, spend a night in town. But does it follow therefore that I should play the piano, like a madmau, at the Apollo Club? Though I can easily believo that if I did play the piano at the Apollo Clnb, or, indeed, anywhere else, that I should play it like a madman. I assure you that I can give you a circumstan tial ana satisfactory account of every hoar I spent in town, Miss Nora." i 44 Tou pique my corioeityj Mr. Attree," said Mrs. Groome. 441 should like to see this Mr. Isaac Goad, though possibly, and I think probably, the resemblance would not striko me so forciby as it appears to have struck you." The lady's words gave mo an idea. 14 Mrs. Groome, your wish can easily be gratified. Mr. Goad, I believe, plays again next week, and I sball be only too happy to get von as many tickets as yon desire." My suggestion was seized with avidity, though possibly with greater avidity by the daughters than by tho parents. A party was raudo up then and there. Dawson coold not go. The asrizes were coming on, and he had had the pleasure of beimr summoned to serve on tho grand jury. But Mr. and Airs. Groome aud tho two girls were all to go. I was to meet them iu town. We were to dine together, and afterwards I waa to escort them to the Apollo Club. 