AIUSEMEKS. \- ? ♦ THE PALACE— 'LADY DOLLY- ' air. /Alfred? HiU and the Sydney Liedertafel de *erve nothing: tut praise for- the m&w; opera, 'Lady Doily,' produced at the Palace Theatre on Satur day evening, to a house . in which every seat in ?what may be called 'the dress section' had been taken ; beforehand. The music v/hich Mr. Hill has com- I posed is distinctly on a high level; its lighter por- I tione are- graceful and ' pleasing in the extreme, '. and the more serious part is full ol pathos. The solos, duets, concerted pieces, and choruses, all ] betray ability of an order which does not tco Ire- ! quently display itself . in the composi- j tion of opera nowadays. Mr. Hill can I be more than complimented — he can . be ? fairly praised for his work, and the ladies and 'I gentlemen who took the various parts in more than ; one. instance showed not only vocal ability, but ? dramatic powers of no common kind. Had. the libretto been equal in merit to the music and the ; efforts of the performers, something like a tri- i ?urnph might have been scored. Truth to tell, the plot is thin, the telling oi it thinner and very : unconnected. Officially it is given as follows: — 'Deanecliffe is en fete. The country gentlefolk ; have assembled at the Chase to welcome Miss : Beryl Brooklyn, the fair American fiancee of the Duke of Deanecliffe. There is a ghost legend at tached to the old mansion, and the Duke's sister, : Lady Dolly, alarms Beryl by relating it. The ghost is known as the Lady Lucretia, and her portrait -hangs above the grand stairs, whereon ; she was murdered by her cousin — one of the Dukes j of Deanecliffe — a century ago, and which she is sup- ! posed to haunt. Her dying curse was to the | effect that every Duke of Deanecliffe should die I ?within three years of his marriage, and one year ! before his death he should receive a warning — in I the fall of Lady Lucretia's picture. This hap- j pens on the day Beryl arrives at the Chase, and ! Juan Castello^— a villainous artist, who possesses 1 the power of hypnotism — which he uses to win i Lady Dolly from her sailor lover, tells Beryl of ; the warning to repay her for obtaining his dis- j missal. Beryl, however, is urged by her love i for Darrent to lay the ghost for ever, and avert ! the curse, with which intention she waits on the '? grand stairs at midnight. At that hour Lady j Dolly, under hypnotic influence, descends the etairs, and as she closely resembles the portrait of Lady Lucretia, Beryl believes her to be the ghost, and delivers to her the invocation. Ladv Dolly awakes from her trance. Castsllo is foiled, his evil intent towards Dolly frustrated, and all ends happily.' Un- i fortunately, tLs words of the opera in which the j above story is told do not tend to the production i of mirth in the portion intended to be humorous, ' and are apt to cause a smi'e where pathos is de- I signed. But with this, all criticism of 'Lady j Dolly' of an unfavorable kind ceases. Miss Ber- | tha Caldwell and Miss Nellie Howard, as Lady '? Dolly and Beryl Brooklyn, sang delightfully, and ! acted with spirit and that quality of sympathy j ?which always goes home to an audience. The I power of comedy which Miss Meta Hayter, ' as ! Mistress Manifold, displayed, was far above the ? level of the ordinary comic operage stage as estab- | lished by ladies better known to the public Miss Hayter has capabilities of expression.archness and 'life' which can only be written of in terms of the very highest commendation, without doing i her more than justice, and a good deal of the ' same kind of praise can be given to Miss Mabel Hastings as Penelope Pride, and to Miss Amy i Creer in the small part of Dame Dajtchett. As j Darrent {Duke of Deancliffe), Mr. Harry Brewer j used his pleasant tenor voice to advantage; and : if hie acting was not of ths moist spirited kind ; he only had a defect common in many tenors. Mr. '? Burns Walker sang beautifully, and acted with I breezy freshness as Lieutenant Jack Forrest i But among the small parts that of Mr. Wm. B. I Beattie as Juan Castello deserves particular ' mention. Out of a character which, as written, I eeemed to give little scope, he evolved a some- i thing, beside which Svengali might have been placed for comparison, and where a less capable artist might have provoked laughter he won tri bute to his tragic powers. He sang also splen didly. Mr. W. D. Loughlin as Timothy Tall got all the fun out' of the character which it was pos- i sible to extract. The chorus and orchestra (the ! latter directed by the composer) were perfect, and j the opera was exceedingly well mounted. It will j be repeated every evening this week. 