CATHERINE'S GHOST. AN EXPERIENCE FROM LIFE. BY CHARLES O'MALLEY. We had just come in, laden with parcels from our Xmas shopping, and nearly blown to piecea by the high wind, whioh was a ' -characteristic feature in Sydney last Xmas «re. AB we prepared to retire, laughing and talking over the various sights we had seen, there was a knook at the door and matron entered. Of oourse we / all stood up respectfully at once. 'Naree Nancy,' she said, calling, me forward,11 want you to take Nurse Marian's plaoe iu No. 6 ward to-night. She has been gammoned to an out-door case and wont be back for some hours.' ' Very well, matron.' * As you have not been resting to-day you may go off duty at four o'clock,' the matron continued. ' Gall Ellen Davis before you leave the ward and tell her to look after it until the day-nurses come on.' ' Yes, matron.' ' Good night nurses,' and the tall figure, feared but loved by every nurse iu the Maternity Hospital, left the room, When we were alone I gave vent to a dismal groan. . ' Oh, girls, fancy having to go on duty ikb¡ horrible wiady, dreary night, and I can't- go to see my cousins at Barwood to-raorrBA&-morning, as matron makes the night-nurse stay in bed until five o'clock.' . And this is Catherine's night, too,' said Nurse Bessie. 'What, the ghost?' I asked in dismay. * Yes, don't you know they say she ia always aeen on Xmas eve, and Bhe makes a oirouit of every ward, so you may expect a visit from her V said thia Job's comforter. ' Oh, dear! oh, dear 1 thiB is fearful,' I said dolefully. * I wish matron had put someone else in oharge. But there's no HBO grum- bling about it. I had better put on my oap and onfre and go down to No. 6 at ©noe." And I departed, feeling it must be confessed rather nervous, for, ever since my coming to the hospital, three months before, I had been hearing various apparently well authenticated accounts of the appearance of the hospital ghost. Nearly half a century ago Catherine Horion had been head staff nurse of the Maternity Hospital. She and the matron then in oharge were close friends, and on the night of her death, one Xmas eve, Catherine told the matron that if there were any trouble impending she would try to appear as a wamiDg or sign. But the bid nurse made a curiouB request. 'Matron, I am going to die in an hour.' {It was then one o'clock). ' Promise me that you will not touch me or close my eyes until morning.' And to satisfy her the matron promised. 'Now go away,' said Catherine, 'I want to be alone when I die,' and she bade Mrs. E. good-bye. Sure enough Catherine died at the hour she mentioned, and the matron left her untouched aa she had requested until morning. The reason ot thia carious request has never been known, and I suppose it will always remain a secret. For nearly a year after Catherine's death \- all went well at the hospital, and nothing '"Supernatural appeared. . ^MifrE-:-had newly forgotten Cather- ine's promise when, one night, as Bhe was walking through the foundling ward to see that everything was all right, a dim lumin- ous figure suddenly stood before her. It waa Catherine, or Catherine's spirit. Mrs. £ was a sensible woman, and she asked the ghost why she had appeared. Catherine gave no answer, but glided from cot to cot through the ward, pointing with a finger, whioh resembled a blue shadowy flame, to each little occupant. When she came to the last cot she vanished. Mrs. E-wondered" what this appear- ance meant, for Catherine had only said she would come if danger threatened the matron or those under her care, and there wai nothing wrong with the little foundlings, who were all in fairly good health. But two days after cholera broke out, and, as Nurse C-, who told me the story graphically, said, within a week every child in the foundling ward lay in the dead house. . Catherine had made several appearances since, and her coming always foretold dis- aster of some kind. There was a report, too, contradicted by some and affirmed by others, that Catherine waa seen on every anniversary of her death, and certainly the statistics of the institution \- showed that every year, somewhere between Christmas Eve and New Tear's Day, either a woman, a baby, or a ohild from the found- ling ward died. I sincerely hoped that she would not visit me on my night watch, and I hurried across the flagged court yard, glancing apprehen- sively over my shoulder. Bnt when I entered No. 6 my years were \- almost routed by the sight of the big fire blazing iu the kitchen, which waa only partially separated from the ward by a wooden partition. Although Xmaa, it was a cold and gusty night, and the cheerful blaze was by no means unwelcome. Everything waa quiet in the long ward, where the patients lay peacefully resting in their white-quilted beds, Norse Lizzie, who wai ia charge, rote with a sigh of relief. ' I'm so glad you've come, nurse. I was feeling just dead beat,' she said. . Everything is all right, I suppose!' I asked, as she was leaving the ward. ' Oh, yee. They are all asleep, I think, and the babies are unusually quiet to-night. Good night, nnrse.' So I was left alone. It was just a quarter past nine, and there were nearly seven hours watching before me. Snowing that I would probably have very little to do-for No. 6 waa only abonfc half full-I had provided myself with a plentiful supply of stationery, and resolved to spend the watches of the night in writing to absent friends. It was the first Christmas I had spent away from home, and, pen in hand, I sat thinking of how differently I had been occupied a year ago. My thoughts flew to my home, and I lost myself in a reverie, wondering what the dear ones were all doing there to-night. Were they thinking of the only one absent from the family circle at this season of re-union? Yes, I felt sure they were. I could see them all dear father, with his stern yet kindly face my gentle invalid mother, and the group of big brothers and sisters, who used to call me 1 the baby.' But I was roused from my dream by the wailing cry of an infant, and hurried into the ward, dimly lighted by a flickering gas jet. ' I don't know what's the matter with her, nurse,' whispered Mary Driscoll, the young mother, a girl of only seventeen years, and I took up the wee thing and tried to soothe it. ' This is the first time she has cried Bince morning, and you know how cross she is usually.' I walked softly up and down soothing its pitiful cries. Presently the feeble wails ceased, and the baby dropped off to sleep when I laid it down beside the mother. Then I saw it was time to dress an abscess which had been lanced in the afternoon. This being done I replenished the Are and sat down to my writing, which I was able to continue almost uninterruptedly for more than an hour and a half. So absorbed was I in my letters that I had almost entirely forgotten Catherine when suddenly the strokes of the big ward-clock sounded twelve. I shivered with that uncanny, creepy feeling which we often experience at the hour of mid-night. For a time I ceased writing and peered nervously from the cheery kitchen.to the dimly lighted ward. Bat I neither saw nor beard any sign of the supernatural, and after a little persuaded myself that the ghost either only existed in the imaginations of my informants, or that I was not going to be favoured with a visit. Then I took a tour round the ward to see that all was right. Mary Driscoll's baby lay asleep, .and I panted beside the bed noting by the shaded light of my candle how frail and pallid the little creature looked. It had been a fine strong baby at its birth, but somehow for the last week or two it seemed to be fading away and gradually growing weaker. I returned to the kitohen and recommenced my letters, I had been writing for, perhaps, half an hour, when suddenly an icy breath seemed to enter the room, and in some impalpable way surrounded me, I felt a chilly horror that something unseen, something from another world, WSB beside me. .For a moment my heart seemed to stand still, and then bounded on in wild throbs. I dropped my pen and started to my feet, looking wildly round. But though nothing waa to be seen, I felt in my inward oonsoiouBness that a visitant from the spirit land was beside me. Suddenly I heard a long and heavy sigh behind me, and turned hastily to see nothing bnt the blank walls. Yet whence had come that sigh which I heard so distinctly ? Just at this moment there was a loud shriek from the ward, and seizing a candie I hurried in. Mary Driscoll was sitting up in the bed with blanched face and staring eyes. She held her baby closely to her breast. ' Nnrse I Nurse I' she shrieked, her eyes looking to the closed door beyond me, ' Don't you see her, don't you see her ?' - 1 Who, Mary, who YI Baid, following her wild gaze and Beeing nothing. 'That woman, that little woman with the grey dress?'she gasped out. 'Ah, abe has gone now. Oh, nnrse, she came and laid her finger on my baby's head, and I know 'twill die,' and she sank back moaning. While forcing myself to a show of 'com- posure, I tried to soothe her and pacify the other patienta who had been roused by Mary's shriek and were sitting np with terrified faces. ' Let me take the baby, Mary,' I said, and raising it np I carried it ont to the kitchen. The child lay limp and motionless in my arms. I thought it was in a sound sleep. But when the bright light fell on its little face I started back in terror. For the baby's' eyes were fixed and staring, and I Baw at onoe that it was quite dead. . . . < . This was my first, and I trust it will be my last experience of ghosts. The doctors held a post-mortem on Mary's baby and found that it had died of heart disease._ ?_ 