[?] ' Ssbhon bv rev. -di. talmaoe. . '; ' Anil they had two humlrbtl .-forty. :and Bingiug men and singing women.— Neb. vfi.'B... ygqHG best ronsip,,hag B ' beeri'rthde'fed'undbr H trouhlo. .. The first -H- duet that I know , anything of. '.was given by Paul and Silas when they sang praises to God find'. ;tho prisoners' heard them. Tho Scotch. Covenantors, , hunted by . the dogs of persecution, sang the Psalms.of David more spiritedly: than they have over since ' beeu rendered. The captives ' in the text had musio left in them, and I declare that if they could find, . , amid all tbolr trials, two hundred arid forty and five singing men - and; singing women", .' then in this , day of Gospel sunlight; and free 'from all- persecution, there ought to bo a great : r multitude) of men and women willing to sing the praises of God.' All our ohurohes need- " arousing on this subjeot. Those who oari sing must throw thoir souls into tho exercise, and those who cannot sing must learn how-, and it shall-be heart to - heart, voico to voice, hymn . to hymn, anthem to - anthem, and the music -shall swell jubilant with' thanksgiving and tremulous with pardon. Musio seeuiB dependent on the law of acous tics and- mathematics, and yet whero these \- laws aro not understood at all the art is prac- . tised. There are to-day fivo Hundred musical journals in China. Two thousund years . before Christ tho Egyptians practiced" this' ; art., Pythagoras learned ii. Lasus, of Her- mione,- wrote essays on it. Pluto and Aris- ' totle inrrodueed it into, their schools. But I . lmve notmuoh interest in that. My chief. . interest is in the music' of: .the Bible.' The Bible, Tike a -great harp with innumerable strings,; swept by .tho fingers, of. inspiration, : trembles with it. So far hack as tho fourth chapter of Genesis you .find the first organist and harper — Jubal. So far back as the thirty- first ohapter of Genesis you find the first ohoir. All up' and down the Bible you find saorcd music —at weddings, at inaugurations, at the treading of the winepress. .. The Hebrews understoodbow to mako musical signs above the musical text. When the Jews came from their distant homes to tho great .festivals at, Jerusalem, they brought harp,; and timbrel, and trumpet, and poured . along the Judsean highways a river of harmony, until in and uround- the temple .the wealth of n nation's Bong arid gladness had accumulated. In .our day we have a division of labour in music, and we have ono man to mako the hymn, another man to make the tune, another man to play it on the piano, and another man to sing it. Not so in Bible times.. . Miriam, the. sister of \- Moses, after the passago of the Red Sea, com posed a doxology, set it to musio, clapped it ou a.oyxhbai, and at the sariio timo sang it. David, the psalmist, was at tho same time poet, musical composer, harpist, and singer, arid tho majority of his rhythm vibrates through all the ages. There were in Bible times stringed instruments— a harp of three strings played by fret and bow ; a harp of ' . - ten strings, responding only -to the fingers of the performer. Then there was the crooked trumpet, fashioned out of the horn of the ox or tho ram. . .Then there, were tho eiatrum and- the oymbals, clapped in tho dance or beaten Stho ;march. ' There were four thousand ivites, the best men of the country, whose — only business it was to look after the music of the toinple.. These, four thousand Levitee were divided into two .classes, and offi ciated ou different ' days. Can you imagine the harmony when theso whito-robed Levitos, before the symbols of God's pre- . sence, and by the smoking altars and candle sticks that sprang upward and branched out like trees of gold, and under the wings' of the cherubim, chanted the oue-hundred-and- thirty-sixth psalm of David P Do you know how it was dono p: Que- .part - of that great ohoir stood up and chanted.- "Oh, -give thanks unto- tho Lord; for Ho is good!:' -Than tho othor part of tho chriir, standing in somo othor part of the temple. would como in- with, tho response), "lor His mercy on- dureth for ovor.-'- Then the first purt would tako up tho Bong again, and say, Unto Him who.: only, dooth groat .wonders."; Tho other part of tho choir wuuld como in with overwhelming response,- ' -"For His toerey.hndureth for ever, , until ii) the litter I;part of .tfip spjig, tho ftiUBie floating haokwiird rinii(orn» hprmouy grappling' with,. trumpet sounding,; ovpry bp'tibdayii'i'g, one part of, this great white- 1r6beffr'.,pH61r;>wqul4l.;lffi: ;'the' itithoni, . ' yh,; !"-ana; thb'othOT'iikrtrif thS LBritibhbir would como'. inwiththerosponsp; "For His mercy enduretii: for -over." ,-But I inn glud.to know that'all tRrqughs ages.thore jii'bepri great attpri- tion-' paid't to sacred "miisib;' Airibrosijus, .; Augustine,: Gregory the Great, Charlemagne,- thp altars of Qpd;" Handel, Mozart, Baioh, - Durante, Wolf.Vand scores of ; other men and" I women have given, the best .part of -their : : genius to' oburclir inrisic. Luther's serinons , have been forgottsn, .hut the " Judgment - Hymn" he composed- is Tcsouriding yet-j through all Christendom. I congratulate the world and tho. chufoh on the advancement j made in this art— the Edinburgh societies for j the improvement .of music, fhe.Swiss singing , 8ooieties, the Exeter Hail ' .' conoerts, tho j triennial musical, convocation at Dnsaeldorf, Germany, arid' Birmingham, England, the conservatories of musio at 'Munich and Loipsic, tho Handol/.arid Hpydn, and Har- inonic, arid Mozart societies of this country, the academies of music in New York,,. Brooklyn, Boston, Charleston,- Now Or leans, Chicago, and every city which has .any enterprise. Now, ' my friends, how are we to decide . what is appropriate, es pecially for church musio ? There may be a great ninny differences of opinion. In some of tho churches : they prefer a -trained choir , in others, the qld-stylo precentor. . In some., places .they prefer the melodion, the harp, the cornet, the organ; in other placeB they think .these things are the invention of the , devil. Some would have: .a musical instrument played so loud yon cannot it, and others would have it played so soft you cannot hear it. Somo think a musical instru ment onghc to be . played only iri the interstices of worship, and .then with indescribable soft ness; while others are no t . satisfied _ unless there bo startling contrasts arid staccato pas sages that would, sturtle the audience as .would a vision, of the JVitch of Endor.; But while there may. ho great varieties of opinion in regard to mrisic, it. 'seems, to: me that tho general' spirit' of the Word o'f God indicates "what' ought to be tl|0 . great ohdrilcteristies of church musio. - . ; . ' , i ,l..And I remark, , in the , first,. place, a prominent charaoteristio .ought tobe adaptive- riess to devotion. (..'Musiothat may. he. appro priate foria concert- hail.- or the, apera bouse, or the drawing-room, 'riiay hoi inappropriate in church. V Glees, . nnidrigals, - ballads, may .'bo aa.innocent as psalms in their, places. -' But ehuroh music has only, one design, arid that is devotion , and.that wbieb' .comb's wifli the toss, the awing, niid- the display of an opera house is a hindrance to the worshipl From suoh performances -wo,' go- away siiy ing, "What splendid execution !: Didyou ever hear such a soprano? Which of those solos did you like the better when, if .w;p hail; been rightly wrought upon, , '.wo would have gouo away sayipg. " Oh ! . hqw vmy soul was lifted up in the. presence of God .whilo they were sing ing that first, byrari !, ii never had . suoh rapturous views of Jesus Dhrist " as my .Saviour as when they were singing that last- doxology;" My.'frieiids, there is hp everlast ing distinction between musio aa an art arid tiiusic as a help to derotiou. Though a Sohu- mann composed it, though a Mozart played it, though a Sonntag sang it, awoy-witii it if it does not make the. Heart better - and honour Christ ! Why should, we rob theprogrammes of worldly gaiety when we have so '"many appropriate songs and tunes composed in pur own day, us well its' that magnificent in- heritance.of church psalmody which has come down fragrant' with 'the devotions of other goueriitionsri-tunes no; more worn out than they ' were ' w.hen-' puy ' great 'i griudfathers climbed up on tbtm 'from tlioohuroh pew to glory ? Dear old souls, how tiioy used to sing"! . 2.. Iremark. ulso, that correctness oiightto be' a characteristic of ohufcli muBic. —WhilB we all oiight to tako part in this service, with perhaps a few exceptions, wo ought at the same time to cultivate ourselves in this Baored art. God loves harmony, and we ought to love it. There is no' devotion in a howl or a -yelp. In this day,' when th'ere are so many opportunities of - high i culture iri' this sacred art, I.declaro.that . those parents (lire guilty of neglect who let their sons and daughters grow' up knowing nothing, abdrit muaib. . In some I of tho Europeun cathedrals the choir as sembled every morning and every afternoon of every day the whole year, to perfeot them- solves in-tbii Art, And 'shall wo.: hogrudgo the half-hour .wp, spend Friday nights in the ro- , hearsal-of saorta song for. the Sabbath f 3\. Another . characteristic must ho -spirit and- lifo. : Musio ought to rush from tho uudionce liko tho water, from - a rook— clcur, hnght, -apurklitig. If all tho other part of tho ohureh servico - is dull, do not havotho musio dull. .Witli so niany thrilling things, to sing .abput, away with all, drawling and stupidity! Tuero is' nothing that makes rae bo nervous as to.sit in a pulpit and look off ou au audienco -witll their eyoa three-fourths , olosed, and- their lips lUmost shut, mumbling, the. .praises.. ofT'God. During 'one. of my, journeys I-pMaohpd to an audience of two or ' three- thousand;- popple,. and all the .singing did not equal ono .skylark ! -People, do riot, sleep at a coronation ; do" not lotus eleen whon , we come fbaSaVionris crowning. Inorderto a proper, disoharge of , this duty, let . us stand up, save as ago or;eakness or fatigue excuses us. Let qur, song.ihe.- like au -acelamation of. victory.- You: have a .right to sing ; ; do not surrendor your prerogative.' If in the perform ance of .your duty, or the.attempt. at. it, you should Ipso :your: place in. tho musical scale and ho ono rO below whon you oughtto be Qne C above/or you should come in half a'bar behind, wo wfii'exquse you ! Still, it is better to, do 'as Paul says, and sing " with the spirit arid the understanding also." - I' I 4. Again, I remark, ehuroh music must j bo congrogational. . This -opportunity.' must 1 be brought d<" within the range of j the. whole audience. A song the ' wor-' I shippers cannot ' sirig ia of no mbro nso to 1 them than a' sermon in Ohdotaw. What an onsy kind of ehuroh it ' must be where tho: minister does all the preaching, and the Ciders, all the prayiug, and the ohoir all the 'singing. There are but very few ohurohes "where 'tiiere uro " two hundred rind forty and five singing men and sitiging womori." Iri somo ohurohes it is almost considered a disturbance if a muri let out his voico to full compass,' and the people eot.up on tiptoo and look over between the spring hats, and 'wonder what that man is making all that noise about. I want to' rouseyou toa unanimity in Christian songthat, has ' never .yet been exhibited. So olear your throats and got ready for this duty, or you will never hear the end of this. I never shall "forget hearing a Frenchman sing the " Marseillaise ' on the, Champs , Elysees, Paris, just before the battle of Sedan in J870. I nover saw sueh enthusiasm before -or 'since. As he sang that national air, oh! how the Frenchmen shouted ! Have you ever in an English assemblage - heard the band play " God Save the Queen " P If you have,', you- know something about tho enthusiasm of a national ait. Now, I tell you that .these songs wo sing. Sabbqjh.. by Sabbath are tho national, airs of the king dom of heaven, and if you do not learn to sing. them here, how do you ever expert to sing the song of Moses and the JLamh ! I should not be surprised at ull if some of the best anthems of Heaven - were made up of some of the best songs of earth. May Grid inoreasa our rcvdrenco for Christian, psalmody, and keep us from disgracing it byjndifference and frivolity. When Cromwell's army, went into battle, -he stood at the head of it -one day, and gave Out the long-metre doxologyto the tune- of the " Old Hundredth." and that great host, . company by company,- regiment' by regiment,; joined in th e doxology : — - "Pniiso God from whom all blessings flow; 1 Praise Him, .all creatures here below ; Praise Him above, ye 'Heavenly host; ; Praise Father, . Spin, and Holy Ghost." And, while, they . sang they marched, and while, they; marohed . thoy.' fought, and while they, fought they, gob . the viotory. O men and women bf.e!»uR. Christ, let ns go into -all our. conflicts singing , tlie praises ' of God ; then, instead falling baok, as we often do, from dofeat to defeat, .we wili.be marching on from victory to victory. : Vp-loria in Hxcelsis is written oyer. many, organs. . Would that. by. our apprebiatiou of tbe goodness of God,- and the mercy 'of.. Christ, : and . the grandeur, of heayen, wooould have " Gloria in Excelsis" written' over all 'otir souls ! 