HAUNTED HOUSES. GHASTLY GHOSTS AND GOBLINS. Exceptional Opportunity for Exorcism. THE COMING CRUSADE— ' TRUTH'S' CLARION CALL. Legendary and Historic Ghosts. In days of yere it was the prerogative of noble and aristocratic families to be the proud pos sessors of a haunted house. The good old family ghost, banshee, or White Lady, con ferred upon the rase or precincts which it haunted an unimpeachable respectability. That haunted houses have ceased now to exist is, unhappily, very far from being the fact, though the nature of the ghosts has changed. The scientific knowledge and spirit of investiga tion which have dynamited the spectral bogey man and fired out the shady nocturnal lady visitant in rustling Queen Anne silk brocades have revealed the presence and existence of real ghosts which haunt a multitude of houses with effects a thousand times more baneful than were ever coined by the most heated ima tion of poet, novelist, or story-teller. The ghosts we speak of, and which find a lurking place in innumerable tenements — especially in the crowded parts of Sydney — are the GHOSTS OF DEADLY DISEASES, momentarily defunct, but gifted with a marvel lous and often, seemingly, unquenchable vitality which ever and anon still ? Rise again, With twenty mortal murthers on their crowns, and effect incalculably more disasters than all tbe spectres put together that were ever conceived in poetry, legend, or romance. The ghosts of typhoid, diphtheria, consumption, small-pox, cholera, scarlet fever, and tbe bubonic plague, lurk unseen in walls and flooring, back yards and drains, stables and sanitary conveniences. DIFFICULTY OF LAYING MODERN GHOSTS. It has become a well-established fact that the seeds of infectious diseases often linger about localities and particular houses long after the individual cases of sickness or death have been disposed of and perhaps forgotten. Our know ledge of these matters has been greatly furthered by modern bacteriological research. But long before such investigations received the invalu- able aid afforded by the microscope, the chronic existence of such infectious and full maladies as 'hospital gangrene,' 'gaol fever,' 'putrid fever,' surgical and puerperal fevers, erysipelas, and other terrible scourges of a like kind, had been so clearly recognised as persistently HAUNTING INDIVIDUAL BUILDINGS and their materials, that it was not only neces- sary sometimes to completely vacate the struc tures for a time, to allow of Nature's own gradual purification, but on occasions to even utterly destroy them by fire. For whatever may have been the case with the Radcliffe order of spook; however efficacious may have been the ecclesiastical anathema against sacrilege or spectre, it is certain that they could no more have proscribed hospital gangrene or gaol fever than all the parson-power of St. Andrew and St. Mary's Cathedrals, with the Quakers and the Shakers and the Salvation Army bands thrown in, could have exorcised the Plague. CINDERELLA SYDNEY. For several months during the autumnal por tion of the year. Truth pointed out the fearfully insanitary condition of the metropolis, which a technical contemporary has christened ' Cinder ella Sydney ' — and particularly of the city, where, in consequence of the THUMB-TWIDDLING SOMNOLENCE and Circumlocution Office how not-to-do-it-ism of the Health Board, the Council, and the Water and Sewerage Board, between them, 21 out of every 22 houses in the city were either im perfectly or improperly conuected, or else en tirely unconnected, with the sewers. Attention was drawn to the disclosures made by us upon the subject 10 years ago, and to the apathy, or — worse still — the deliberate policy of conceal ment, with which they had been received ; and the strongest possible appeal was made to every one concerned to put the city and the whole metropolis, once for all, in a completely sanitary state, so that a FRESH VISITATION OF THE BLACK DEATH, or renewed ravages of typhoid or phthisis, diph theria or diarrhoea, should be equally impossible. What, now, has been done in all these matters? What have the past six months brought forth ? Let the published reports of the Medical Officer of the Water aud Sewerage Board, Dr. T. Mailler Kendall, and the Government Medical Health Officer (or the combined metropolitan district, Dr. W. G. Armstrong, supply the answer. Dr. Kendall's annual report, which was published on the eve of the annual meeting of the Institute of Architects (which formed the text of a large part of the president's address), was dealt with by Truth in its article of March 18, on ' The Bubonic Black Death.' 'Sanitation must be forced upon the public by Act of Parliament,' wrote the doctor; and he supported that conten tion by technical details taken from the 'MOST APPALLING REPORTS' of the Board's inspectors, and by statistics of the shocking increase of typhoid and other pre ventable piggish diseases in the metropolis. Three months later came the June quarterly re port, which recorded the dismal fact (apart from all plague matters) that in one quarter alone of 1900 the cases of this deadly filth fever, exceeded those for the similar period of 1899 by no less that 217 (!), the loss through which to the State, reduced to mere money value, Dr. Kendall esti mated at over £11,000. And when it appears, as it does, from the official returns of the Registrar-General, that just upon 5500 DEATHS within the metropolitan area, from the four pre ventive dirt diseases of diphtheria and diarrhoea, typhoid and tuberculosis alone, have been regis- tered within four years, no wonder that we find this strong official demand for the enforcement of sanitation by Act of Parliament. We pass another three months; and in the lately-issued report for the quarter ended on September 30, we are told that the four above-mentioned fiith scourges again show a marked increase (notwithstanding the scores of thousands of pounds expended by the Government in cleaning and purifying the city) ; the quarter's cases numbering 1356, as against 1190 in 1899. 'So long,' says the doctor, '' as the I present system of scavenging and removal of house garbage exists, the high rate of mortality for diarrhoea may be expected to obtain. The garbage receptacles require re-modelling, in order that the emanations from decomposing matter may not pollute the city. The wood paved street sweepings contain germs which foster diarrhoea, and the present system of sweeping raises vile dust, which till the houses at all hours of the night with contamination. The barbarous MUNICIPAL MUCK HEAPS are merely the perpetuation of ancient and bad sanitation, and may possibly be held responsible for the diphtheria mortality.' The sanitary con dition of the city is in some cases truly appalling, aud is is difficult to believe that the citizens can exhibit such a state of wanton apathy with regard thereto. Dr. Kendall states also that typhoid has in creased in North Sydney, Strathtfeld, Enfield, Marrickville, and Randwick ; and here it is, when we pass beyond the boundaries of lhe city, that Dr. Armstrong's report on the insanitary state of some of the suburbs, bears GHASTLY AND APPALLING SIGNIFICANCE. By way of example, let us take not one of the typhoid-stricken suburbs just enumerated, but the district of Waterloo, in which the Govern ment health Officer cited categorically a whole list of dilapidated dwellings ' in a condition so injurious to health as to be unfit for habitation, '' and only fit for demolition.' Ho tells us of structures 'very old and rotten, with leaky shingle roofs of rooms ' so dark that it is im possible to read in them'; of ' grossly defective sanitary arrangements ' ; of 'walls and ceilings extensively stained and mildewed ' ; of rooms ' without any direct communication with the open air; floors considerably below the level of the street, with the space beneath unventilated and joists embedded in the soil; 'back-yards small, dirty, unpaved, and badly drained, and heavy rains causing the surface water from them to flow into the rooms;' 'rooms swarming with vermin, paper hanging in dirty festoons from the walls, and floors thickly coated with grease and dirt;' 'out-houses in A MOST DISGUSTING STATE, and stables without proper paving or drainage, and in such a condition as to constitute a nuisance, with considerable accumulations of offensive manure.' With much more in the same vein, to our scandal, shame, and disgrace! A nice metropolis, this, in which to celebrate and jubilate over the inauguration of the Aus tralian Commonwealth ! COMPLETE SANITATION OF THE METROPOLIS can never be accomplished till we get a County Council, or some equivalent of it. Among the four or five hundred suburban aldermen are many able, energetic, and progressive men, and borough councils here and there endeavor con scientiously to do their duty. But the condi tions inherent in the enormous division and subdivision of responsibilities, and of powers insufficient at their best, with such muddled administration as that of the Water and Sewer age Board at its Palace of Peacocks, are such as to make success impossible, even when honestly striven for. It is much to be regretted, there fore, that TRUTH's advice, when the City Council's INCONCEIVABLE INCAPACITY and phenomenal do-nothingism were proved beyond the possibility of dispute during the de- liberately provoked and murderous visitation of the plague, to incontinently fire that body out neck and crop, put the administration of the city temporarily in commission, and then care fully mature and pass a complete and efficient system of amalgamated metropolitan municipal government, was not acted on. But, as it was not, the best must be made of the opportunity afforded to return on Friday next a brand new Council, composed of MEN, NOT DUMMIES, nor old women in breeches — men of brains and will, resolution and determination — who will lay strong and permanent foundations for an eventual metropolitan government that shall be a model to the whole Australian Commonwealth. An enormous deal may be accomplished by the crashing defeat of all the 'old brigade' who have dared to pose as candidates for seats in the new Council, aud by the return of none but advanced and liberal-minded men, pledged not only to advocate and support the earliest pos sible creation of a a 'Greater Sydney,' but meanwhile to effect in their own body such important instalments of reform as the follow ing, all of which have been prominently advocated in this journal : — ' The reorganisa tion of the City Health Department, with the appointment of the City Health Officer under the Health Act; the appointment of a Sanitary Committee of the Council ; the abolition of the dust-box nuisance ; the systematic destruction of slum areas and insanitary dwellings; the passing of an effective Building Act ; the abolition of the refuse tips, with the provision of destructors ; an effective system of repairing and cleansing the city streets, and the immediate carrying out of a system of electric lighting.' Of paramount import ance among these measures is the passing of A NEW BUILDING ACT, which, if properly prepared and drafted, would permanently embrace a whole galaxy of sanitary and hygienic reforms, and effectually 'lay' The tombless ghosts of the guilty dead — of the Registrar-General's 5500 assassinating dead diseases. But a really efficient Building Act is a most difficult thing to draw up, and the task can only be accomplished by a small body of able experts devoting all their skill and atten tion to it for a time. For more than a year some of the suburbs have been trying to formulate such a measure, with the result that the whole thing has fizzled out, and the papers have been lying for months upon the office table of a cer tain architect. A well-devised and well-con sidered Building Act is the only means, absolutely the ONLY MEANS OF LAYING THE GHOSTS of the fell, persistently haunting, dire diseases we have spoken of. Truth, therefore, appeals to all the city municipal electors who desire to see a better state of things established — and especially to the 5000 newly added to the rolls— to exercise their privileges and perform their duty to the whole of the citizens (men, women, and children) ot the whole metropolis; 'with one consent ' to RALLY TO THE POLLS NEXT FRIDAY and support only such candidates as will close for all time, never to be re-opened, the shameful pages of Sydney's gross mismanagement, and render impossible in the future the existence within the city of the long-standing heinous aud horrible Haunted houses aud the gruesome ghosts that in their death-dealing walks abroad still haunt them. A very short time ago a notorious Smel bourne 'gun' obtained admittance into a certain Sydney swell club, and tried to take down a well- known citizen for £130. The latter gentleman, however, dropped to the game, resigned membership, and denounced the fellow, who cleared to Brisbane, pro bably to pluck the local 'pigeons.' Now, how do these cusses get into clubs where a respectable citizen is often blackballed from membership? The Duchess of York and Lady Hopetoun are sure to drink Nicoll's Dandelion Ale. 