behind a veil. By MBS. C. N. WILLIAMSON, Author of 'His Grace." "The Secret of the Pearls," "The House by the Loch," "Queen Sweetheart." "A Man from the Dark," "Fortune's Sport," "The Newspaper Girl, etc. CHAPTER IV.—' THE CONVENT OF THE SACRED ISLAND. "I am waiting for you, Paul," said the master of Falconberg. (Then this late visit had been expected, was the thought tbat flitted through Mary's brain. If only she had known!) "So!" and the Prince's eyes lightened. "You have found the lost one." "I have brought her hack to you from another's man's arms — you can gxiess whose — but not in time to prevent a scandal for your family," said the rasping voice of Paul von Kornis, as he roughly handed the half-fainting girl to her step father. "Your servants and mine saw the interrupted elopement. The porter and his wife had been beguiling their hours sitting up for my coming by entertaining visitors. Those visitors saw also. This is the end of the affair for me. The lady would have none of me at first. Now I will have none of her. Tongues shan't wag, and eyes look askance when my wife appears. I wish you joy of your step daughter, Hugo — t'co Princess joy of her child. And since the motive for my visit has now disappeared, I won't incon venience you with my presence. You'll be in no mood for entertaining guests, nor I for entertainment; so good-night." With this, he went down the stone steps which he had just ascended, and springing into his carriage again, gave his attentive footman the signal to be off. The door of the house shut heavily, and Mary was alone with her step-father — for there were no servants in the great, dim hall. "So, you have disgraced me!" he said, holding her in front of him, a merciless grasp on each siender arm. "It was known that you had gone. Your mother's maid discovered your absence; but tve suspected nothing half so bad as this. You do credit to your English training. Was it there, in England, that you learnt the arts of trickery and deceit?" "There is nothing bad to suspect!" the girl protested. "I was going to the Em bassy. You and my mother have been cruel. I could bear it no longer. It was not Mr Tristram's fault. I — I sent for him " . "You sent for him— shameless one! But this is for your mother to deal with. Thank Heaven, you are no child of mine." "I thank Heaven too," sobbed "My father loved me. He was just kind. He would have believed n/ of his daughter. As for my mother — "As for your mother — what of fyer?-'" . The voice of the Princess caught uph' words; the heavy silk, of the Princess' gown rustled along the stone floor. With a sudden, desperate impulse, Mary snatched herself free from the man's rough grasp, and flew to the woman, who stool tall, motionless, majestic, at the foot of the wide stairway. "O mother, mother!" she cried, "if there's any love left in your, heart for me, be kind to me now. Cruel things have been said — hor rible things, that I hardly understand — but I know that I don't deserve them. Won't you help me? Won't You believe what I tell you? You are the only one I have In the whole world." "Let my dress go!" said the Princess, icily. "You are like a mad creature — and madness would be the only excuse for what you have done— leaving your room by the window, at midnight, rousing the household, and causing a scandal "If that were the only scandal, Kathe- rine!" exclaimed the Prince. And then, with accusations that seemed to drain Mary Desmond's heart of Its life blood, he explained, according to Count von Kornis's interpretation, the girl's flight and her return. Princess Falconberg listened to the end, in silence, her lips tense, her eyes fixed on the speaker. But at length, when the last indictment lad been made, she turned to let loose her long- repressed passion with a swift, fierce blow. Her strong white hand smote Mary across the cheek, Jeaving its im press in scarlet. But though the girl tottered she recovered herself, and stood erect, her blood turned to flame, her eyes blazing jewels. No longer broken or afraid, all the tempestuous pride of her father's race on fire, she faced the beautiful, white woman, like a youthful queen. "You are no true mother," she said, in a low, strained voice, that rang more clearly through the great hall than the loud menace of the Prince's tones. "If you were — If you had ever loved me — you would not listen to such words spo ken of your daughter. It is that man you should have struck, not me, for through me he has insulted you, since we are of the same blood. I cannot strike him, if I wrould. But I can leave his house and yours. After this night I ask of Heaven that I need never look ttp©a--4ils face again." "K! T yy'onr.j.hat you dare take the name ftebyfe# jc&rour; lips," said the Prin cess, ' 'afteKtke scandal you have drag- gedijto an- Jronprable family, the ruin you/ jLP.p, wrqtfgiit for yourself. You, .who haVe'rapulsed one of the no- blest men in. the Empire, to steal off by night with a penniless nobodyl Wit© would believe a foolish tale about <yeur friendship.' and the Embassy? Ah, it does not'bear thinking of ! You shall .have your wish. After to-night, you shall leave this house, you shall never look upon our faces again. Henceforth, you are dead to the world." "What do you mean?" the girl stam mered, chilled by the words, appalled by the look on her mother's face. "You have forfeited the right to ques tion our authority, if you ever had it," Prince Falconberg answered for his wife. "When it is time for you to hear what penalty you have brought upon yourself you shall hear it, but that time Is not now. Go to your room. There is no fear of your leaving it as you left it last." "I will not go," Mary cried. "I can not stay in this house to-night. I " "Katherine!" murmured the Prince. The beautiful cold eyes read his, and the man and woman together caught the girl by the arms, forcing her towards fhe stairs. Mary resisted no longer, for it was better to go off of her own acj cord than toe compelled to yield, like a rebellious child. At the door of her room they left her, and she heard the key turned on the outside, as she passed unhesitatingly in. Both windows were fastened down with nails now, and if she had wished to try the experiment of escape again, she would have found her self hopelessly a prisoner; but there was no longer any thought of escape In her mind. She did not know what was to be done with her, but feeling was numb ed. If it were true that the world would think of her as these two men and this woman thought, it were better that she died. The girl did not undress, nor try to sleep, but sat In a deep, old-fashioned chair by the fireside, her eyes fixed un- seelngly on the fading embers, that strewed the hearth, until long after they had turned from red to feathery grey. She thought a great deal about Trist ram, wondering at what seemed like de sertion, when he had done so much; and as the dawn came at last, hope revived faintly, vaguely — for he would not vol untarily have failed her; so was it not possible that he ha/rbeen actuated by some subtle motive, that he might mean to help her even yet? There was a clock oh the mantel, and as It struck eight in the morning, Prin cess Falconberg unlocked and opened the door. Behind her came Matthilde with a steaming cup of coffee. "You are to drink this," said the Princess. "Matthilde, you can go." The door softly closed again; mother and daughter were alone together. Un der the merciless, waiting gaze, Mary lifted the cup, and drank its contents, almost ready to wish that there were poison m'ihe dr aught. Jwhen she; h&lr; finished the Princess, spoke. / i "Father Augustin is here. We sent for htm. He has been told all, and has., given his advice. It accords with theij Idea for your future that came to met; last night, Nothing can undo what has. j passed, in the eyes of society, but the; , penance of your whole life to come matf: appease Heaven. He wishes to speak with you. and has asked me to prepare; your mind. Are you ready?" i "Yes," sold Mary. She was very cold.: The fire had died down hours ago, arid there was a frosty chill in the room. Hen face was white as the snow softly fall-r - ing outside the locked windows, and theT coffee she had been ordered" to drink hadi seemed to Impart no warmth. But : . though she trembled slightly with cold,; i and the excitement of suspense, she was' % scarcely conscious of physical disconw « fort. ' " "Very well You cannot go to the! Father. He will come to you." ' Princess Falconberg's dress rustled daintily as she moved away, and the sound jarred upon the girl's nerveBt A moment more, and she raised her eyes, to the haggard beauty of the priest's dark face. > It was true that she had joined the" .:- church of her father's people. For oncej < gossip had not lied. If she would b© "converted," she might hope to win hen mother's love, she had been told, when' first she came to Austria, and she had hoped, and failed. Now, she looked with pale wistful'appeal into the priest's brilliant eyes, but there was no gentle, iight of pity there. "The sin of ingratitude is a very base sin," he said. "You have also been: guilty of deceit. If you would be for- given, you must show yourself worthy. j of forgiveness." Mary was silent. ' I "You have abused the hospitality of . your step-father's house. It must nowj ! be withheld. But there Is one refuge; ; still open to you, my daughter. The! : Mother Church, to whom you lately gavel your allegiance, offers you sanctuary.'1 "I don't understand you," said the! girl. ! j "It has been decided in counsel be j tween the Prince and Princess and my- self this morning that you should at once be sent to the Convent of th© Sacred Island." ; Mary's face brightened. "Oh, I should! be thankful to go there for a while," she cried. "It would be peace. Of course, : I would rather go back to England, but ; if the Sisters would keep me until , \ "I see that even now you do not under- ; stand," said the priest. "You do not go to the convent as a guest, but as a novice. After all that has passed, you' should think it a blessed privilege." A' wave of color surged up to hetj forehead, and she staggered back, catch ing for support the arm of the chair, where she had sat through the long hours of the night. "They would make me into a nun!" she stammered, half beneath her, breath. "They would make you one of the Sis ters of the Sacred Island." "I can't do it!" she broke out. "I won't do it. It would be a living, death." "My daughter, there is no longer for, you a question of 'cannot' or 'will not."' You must obey." Her eyes dilated with fear of the man",; horror of the future. "They can't make me," she faltered.; "I— ril refuse to take the vows, even at the altar; just as I would have refused/ to marry Count von Kornis, your, brother, Father Augustin! I am not a child any longer, I have friends,; too, who will help, If you are all leagued' together against me, to make me do tliis thing. Mr Tristram " "My child, Mr Tristram is dead." r She" did not cry out, or fall, but gradu ally all look of life and youth faded1 from her face. She might have been frozen where she stood. And her eyes, dark with horror, stared up at the priest with no quiver of the long black lashes which poor Tristralm had thought" so beautiful. "Dead— dead!" she said at last, in a 1 whisper. Then her lips formed another word, though no sound came. "How?"' "Last night he and my brother fought a duel." "Because of — me?" "Because of you. He died in his sins, without absolution, and in darkness and) silence he Will be buried secretly in un- consecrated ground." "Because of me!" she repeated again. And after that, for a long time, she' spoke no more. He watched her, patiently, keenly, as a student of science might watch the helpless anguish of some small animal bound on a vivisect ing table. "And your brother?" she asked at last, in a whisper. "My brother is wounded. And he will1 suffer in other ways as well. All this misery comes of your fault, my daugh ter." 1 Mary- Desmond covered her face witlS both hands, and a shudder shook hers from head to foot. She longed for the! relief of tears, but no tears would come, "The Count is a murderer!" she cried, in horror of the dreadful vision fierj mental eyes could see. "A man who kills another in a duel, fought honorably, for a righteous causey is not called by such a name in ouri country," said Father Augustin. "But in the sight of Heaven he has sinned,; the sin is more, yours than his, for her fought to avenge.- you— he, the man who .should have been your husband, be- iieved that he had the; right to punish! pne jwho Juid robbed him, I do not ... -flaylie'iiad thetightjbut I "do say.my iuffiappF cbJldj that on your head' Is the prime.". . . . . . . !"Theii let me &de-my; head for ever in <he convent." the girl exclaimed, sobbing how as youth should not know, how to sob. "Mr Tristram is dead; you say I Jidve murdered him. Then the world s over for ine, because — because, Father (Augustin, I loved him! I didn't know it when I sent to ask bis help,»or I wouldn't have sent; but I know it now, and every one may know it, for all I care, since he has given his life for me. Let me go to the Sisters of the Sacred Island as soon as you think best. If only I could ie in stead!" "You should be thankful that it is giv en to you to live, and expiate your sin, through the years to come," Father Au gustin answered, coldly. "You shall go to the convent— to-day." Mary had often beard of the Sisterhood .who spent their lives on the rocky island in the Schrecksee (or "Sea of Horror") so named because in old, old days, almost jjjefore legend wedded history, its waters had been troubled by the evil spirit of a woman who lured men to ruin body and " soul.. The Jake had been called accursed (until Saint Eberhard had been: directed in la Vision to take up his residence on the took, which rose like the dark shoulder a submerged Titan, from the water. JHs advent— so legend " said — had driven , )jhe haunting evil away; and the lake, Instead of being accursed, gained a mag ical power of healing many diseases. .Throngs of afflicted people had journey- jfed from far to the Schrecksee, which still retained the old name, to be cured by its Waters and the prayers of the blessed (hermit on the island. Then, when Saint .tlViarVi o of a ffroaf flPP. hV lllfi (desire a Sisterhood was founded on the rock, and their dwelling called the Con- vent of the Sacred Island— the oldest in stitution of the kind in Austria, and one jpf-lhe most rigid in its rules of life. It was an enclosed order. The sisters lnever passed outside the boundary of the jhigh walls that shut the convent in. On "tone day of the week only might they con verse with one another, save to murmur (the bodeful words, "Memento Mori." No letters came to the hand of women who had resigned all worldly joys, except com munications from bishop or priest on business of the convent. No letters went 'put, save answers to these. Modern life, land the busy rush of modern days, came nearer to the rock in the lake than the small railway town on the Danube, a frozen miles away. Those who had the fruriosity to gaze at the famous Convent lof the Sacred Island from a distance, inight drive to the. tiny village of Leux, Jon the lake shore, and behold the dark, ir-> iregular building silhouetted grimly a.gJ 'ainst the sky; yet none but priestly visil itors, novices, or trades-people carrying Supplies, had been received on the island1 itself, since the mild reign of Eberhard had ended with the saint's death. Mary was not fully Informed of all these details; and, mentally half- stunned, phy sically too weak from lack of food to con centrate thought, her mind painted no .vivid pictures on the blank, grey canvas of the future. She only groped through darkness for the one hope of consolation Which she believed could ever again be hers ; a place to hide in from a censorious world, a place to pray for peace. She made the hundred-mile journey from Vienna to Leux with her mother and Father Augustin. Heavily veiled, she tetili felt an acute misery of self-conscious ness, shrinking from every eye that might he staring in morbid interest at the hero ine of the latest scandal, the wicked girl (whose folly had last night cost a man his life. Through the thick, dark veil, she 'gazed with a strange fascination at the people crowding the stations as they pass ed; happy, commonplace people who would not have to live face to face with a tragedy till death came to their release. It jseemed unbelievable that everything should be going on in the world as if- no Shipwreck had come to her. Girls laugh- 'ed, and rejoiced in their youth and beau ty, hardly knowing why they were happy. She had been like that only a few weeks ago— far away. in dear England. She re called some of the pranks she and her friends had played at school, and she re- imembered the exquisite pleasure of her. ifirst ball, when she had" been said to be /the "belle" — and she had met George Tristram. Now the handsome, dark face, so bright, SO brave — that she had dreamt of many times of late, would soon be under the 'ground. The snow would keep on falling, ias it fell now, and make his grave white— (horribly white and cold. And she would (be eighteen next week, only eighteen; yet (she must always b,e cold after this, cold (With remembrance; and she was going to foe buried in a grave too. But then, noth ing mattered any more. ! The Princess, with her confessor and ther daughter, had a compartment to 7 (themselves; the crowd, like moving photo graphs, only passed the windows, and looked in when the train slowed into sta tions. The priest and the woman whom ihe ruled, spoke together sometimes in low i (voices; but they did not address Mary; and by her the long journey was spent in silence. It was much the same after- \- wards, in the closed carriage that drove Ithem from the last railway town to the little village by the lake. There, the mo ment had come for the parting between (mother and daughter — a parting from jiow till the end of time. iAs Mary stepped from the carriage to accompany Father Augustin in the small (boat which would take them across the -3ajie (fed by warm springs, so that the Surface was never frozen), her first actu- 1 realisation of what she was about to do, Itame with a sight of the convent. Was it possible that she was to Uv# lp, that gloomy placer.the acme, of desolgtion? That she, who had, always so loved free dom and .everything that could foe done in the Open air, Would never after to-day pass beyond those dark, ivy-draped stone walls? Youth -and human nature asserted them selves, and her heart contracted with a sharp pang of . revulsion. She found herself catching at the thought that, after all, this step was not irrevocable. She was only going to take the vows for the period of a novitiate. At the end of that time, if she had changed her mind, she would be free to return to the world she now forsook. She wished she knew how long was the novitiate at the Convent of the Sacred Island; and she determined to summon courage, if she could, in the boat, to ask Father Augustin whether he could tell her of any novice who had ever left the Sisterhood. Then (suddenly she remembered the thing that was send ing her here. Tristram, whom she had loved, was dead, by her fault. Why should she ever wish to leave this sanc tuary on the rock? The girl turped to her another with one last, hungry, yearning look. If the Princess had had a pang of relenting, if she had so much as heia out her hand, Mary would have broken into passionate sobbing. But she had sinned past for giveness from that cold nature, and there came no sign of softening. "Good- bye, mother — for always," whis pered the girl. "Good-bye," the Princess answered, without a tremor of the voice. Then she turned to Father. Augustin. "I shall be waiting for you at the inn," she said. "I daresay they can put me into a decent room; at least, it will be warm." TlTflrv foin+li- of Often afterwards, she was to think of them, and while she fasted and shivered., picture the beautiful woman in her sables, with daintily-shod feet on the fen der, a warm fire playing rosily on the white marble of her face, as she waited till her confessor should have finished disposing of a troublesome daughter. So the priest and the girl were rowed across the water as darkness fell- He spoke kindly to her, now that the Prin cess was no longer with them, bidding her be of good cheer. It was as if, since his object had been accomplished, and Mary had obeyed him, he was ready to show her the flowers which might still grow along the narrow path he had bid den her choose. He told her that Hea ven would be appeased. That there was a wondrous happiness in a life of holiness and self-denial. He dwelt, upon the peacefiildays of prayer and meditation slrfipujnd among the good Sis- 'Imur came when she must her JreftSwHfy vows as a novice M ther order. NJopvst, ghe would merely I.be. a 'ifejfest, in 'iteajat at this blessed asjjum; chapel, where the TeS'-ilght glowed kg6|nst the darkening sRiv !slre;wGnld;' became the betrothed bride,fti_ Haa\sen> / The boa3ftWM5Bed the crude landing place. Steep steps cut in the rock, and covered now with drifted snow feathers, led up to the convent walls. At the gate, Father Augustin rang a bell, which jangled dismally. In the thick oak i panel, a tiny blind slid up behind the ; grille, like an opening eye. The aper ture showed a grating, and the dim ghost of a face, white as Its white frame of drapery. A muffled exclamation told that Father Augustin had been seen and recognised by the lay Sister, whose duty it was to guard the gate. There fol lowed the sound of a key grating harshly in a lock, a pushing aside of heavy bolts, seldom moved, the rattle of a chain, and the small door that opened in one of the great gates swung rustily on its hinges. A long look backward, a deep drawn, sob bing breath, and the close- clasping arms of the Convent of the Sacred Island had folded Mary Desmond in. "Well, Father?" asked Princess Falcon- berg, rising from her chair by the wood fire, in the inn parlor, as the priest softly entered. "It is well, my daughter," he said- "Well for her, who will be known hence forth as Sister Marie Magdalene; and for- you, well, because you have given youi daughter to the Church, with all the for tune that would have been hers." , "Better than if the money could have lifted a weight of debt from the Kornis estates. Father?" she asked. "My brother Paul would not say no." The priest faintly smiled. "But after last night, as you know, his pride could not have endured the marriage, empty as the family coffers are. And the for tune is a good gift for the Church-" "Yes," said the Princess, with a sigh she did not wish even her confessor to know meant exultation in being freed from her only rival. No longer would she look faded and old beside a fresher face. No longer would men turn from her to another, in ballrooms where she had once been queen. She had wished for Mary's marriage, because her hus band had wished it, and because Count von Kornis, who had "so strange an in fluence over the Prince, had wished it. But a married daughter, even at a dis tance, can still make a woman seem old; while a daughter in a convent is speedily forgotten. After all, when the scandal of which the Count in his fury had made so much, was passed (as it soon would be, to give place to a newer one), things would he better as they now were. While, as for Mary herself, a girl with such a head strong nature as hers was safer in the Convent of the Sacred Island than she would have been exposed to the constant dangers of society. "I am glad, Father, that you are satls- fled/' she sald. 'If you had hot' thought of telllng ber the man was dead, -I be lieve she would have reslsted." "It is occasionally permissible to devi ate temporarily from the truth for a wise purpose, daughter," answered the Jesuit, hiding the fire of his eyes under long, wo manish lashes. '.'To do evil that good may come. And though he lived this morning, to-morrow we shall almost surely hear that he is dead." (To be Continued.) 