Comic CllttingS- There are probably as good fieh in the sea as ever were lied about. " Your wife Is always so out-spoken." " Yes, outspoken, but never out-talked." Morning wraps were the invention ol. the man who wakes up hotel guests for uic eai-iy naiii. . "You told me you and Harry loved at sight." ; '.' Yes, but we quarrelled on acquaintance." At a town's meeting in Ireland It was recently, voted, " that all persons In. the town owning dogs shall be muzzled." " Does position affect? sleep ?" asked a medical -writer. It does when the- man holds the position >of n-lght watchman. . " Do you knowmuch about -that horse you bought frqffi the Deacon ?" " I know more about the Deacon than I did." U Some one h& written a poem on "The Tongue of Liberty," The tongue of liberty generally belongs to. a married woman. "You say-;that horse isn't afraid of any thing. Can my wife drive him?" "I don't know, sir. I have never seen your wife." Visitor: "But this porti-alt of Mr. . Bulger is a good deal -more than life size." Artist : " I know it. That la the size he thinks he is." " Dldn'-t I lend you £5 a month or so ' 1 ago?" "Yes, I believe you did. I'm ever so much obliged for your kindness. I feel I can never repay you." Lady Friend (to young - widow) : ". You're gardening, I see, Lucy." Young Widow (with a weary smile) : "Yes. I wish I could, so to say, transplant my weeds !" Watts : " There seems to be -some truth in the saying that heaven helps \ those who help themselves." . Potts : " Of course -there is. . Thoy are the only kind worth helping." , First Beggar: "Hello! Pickin' up anything on your rounds these days?" Second Beggar: "Ain't nothin' doin' at all. I had to draw five pounds out of the bank to-day ter pull me t' rough." Patient : "That sign of yours is. not very encouraging." Dentist : " Why so ? I guarantee to extract teeth with out pain." Patient : "Yes ; but I want . the pain extracted. . I'd rather keep the ! tooth." ! " Whyfor eez it zat a woman's face eez used on zee silver dollar in zis country ?" 7 Inquired a visiting foreigner. " Be- ! cause!" gi-owled the impecunious native, 0 " it is the idiom of o»ir language that money talks;" Aunt (to Tommy, who has" been to the menagerie) : " Well, Tommy, did you see the- tiger ?" Tommy (whimpering) : " Yes, b-b-bu— — ' " Aunt : " But what — what are you crying- about ?" ' Tommy; " They wouldn't let me stroke his ears-." Miss Northside (to her brother) : "Do you know, Fred, that no fewer than four men want to marry me ?" -Fred : "All right, sis, may the best man win !" 'Miss Northside : "You don't know much about such things. A bride does not marry the best man." Canrobert was inspecting the new gaiters worn by the light infantry. See- : ing one that was badly fastened, he took the -wearer to task. "Look here, 1'!! send you my nurse to button it on- for you." "Quite unnecessary, General; I see her every day.!' And Canrobert burst out laughing. " Mabel, why don't your mamma wear diamond earrings like my mamma's?" " She left 'em home, and papa's hid 'em where the robbers can't get 'em." "Where has he hid 'em?" " Why, I heard him tell mamma that he had put them up the spout, and he guessed they would atay there." - - Winks: "What makes you' look so glum?". Jinks: "I have six daughters, none of them married, or likely to be ". Winks: "And you glum over it? You are the most ungrateful mortal that ever breathed. I have six daughters, all mar- ried, all have children, and I've got to support the whole crowd." A.: "-Dld-.it ever recur to you what a charming conversationalist P is ?" B.: "Well, I don't know ; not parti cularly. Why?" A.: "Oh, he is, decidedly. He hasn't the ghost of it- memory, you know, and you can tell your stories to him over and over again, and he enjoys them every time as much as at the first telling." A youngster one day eluded- punish ment by creeping under a table, where his mother could not reach him. Short ly -after, his father came in, and, when told of the state of affairs, crawled . on his hands and knees in search of his son . and heir, when, to his astonishment, he was greeted with this -inquiry "Hullo, father! Is she after you, too?" An American gentleman was talking of a little game of poker, down in Texas somewhere, in \\.hich. he had taken part. "The man on my right," he said, "held four kings and an ace. The man on my left held four aces and a king." " And what did you hold ?" some one asked. m " WeH. 1 was acting coroner at" the time. I guess I held the inquest." 