The " Twopenny Tuba." In these days of opposition to the establishment of the eleitric system of tramways in cjitsin places in Australia, the following desouption of up-to- date London methods by an English girl will be read with inte;est: —This morning we went up to the British Museum by the 'Twopeany Tube '—otherwis3 the electric railway, which runs from Shepherd's Bash to the Bank, in the City, in 20 minutes, and for twopeccs all the way. There are dozens of stations all the way up, all through the parts of London that are as a rule difficult to get at. For instance, by any other route it would take over an hour to get to the Bank. This Twopenny Tnbe is qoite new, and iB simply enchanting. Of oonree it rnnB underground entirely, but oh 1 what a difference from the underground railway ! Well, first of all you plank down your twopeace, and are given in exchange a ticket, whioh yon drop into a box as you pass the barrier. You then walk into a \ erfeot ' room' of a lift, and immediately you are gently lowered into the very bowels of the earth —all brilliantly lighted like a ballroom with eleotrio light. Then you go down a few steps on to a delioiously dean, un- Londonlike platform with a single line and a tunnel of deep blackness and tiny sice at eaoh end. The walls of these stations are ourved inwards, and are of beautiful pure white, shiny briok, with the name hugely and clearly written up—and oh 1 marvellous 1 No advertisements that lead pocr foreigners and sborts'ghted people to suppose that every station is oalied ' Stephens' Blue Black,' or 'Oglen'a Gainea Gold,' or 'Epps' Cocoa.' Here end there are casual looking garden seats wfcioh robody ever has time to uee, because before yon have been in this model station a minute a train oomes along with an alarming looking torpedo-shaped engine and long corridor cars—all one claBS—beoause why ? Beoause it is all one [rice—two* pence—quite sociable aid socialistic, and all that kind of thing. I'm ears a socialist would love it, beoauBe if he were to travel at about 5 o'clock he would probably have a workman's oiloan affectionately rubbed against his frock ooat and a hobnailed boot plaoed protestiogly on his patent leathers ! But perhaps socialists don't wear patent leathers and frock coa's. I stoald think it would be wiser not! Well, the seats in the catB are very comfortable, and the whole ' get up' of the train is clean and attractive, and therefore most unlike the usual London conveyances. I should think you oould travel all day on the Twopenny Tube without getting a ghost of a smut on your nose, and the same could be Baid of no other plaoe in London. The trains travel at a splendid pace, with only a few iucheB on either side between the train and the tunnel— a veritable tube. The stopB at the etations are only of a few sreoads, and you are off almoBt before yen realise the name of tbe s'ation. Conductors stand at eaoh end of the oorridors, and as you leave a station shout out tbe name of the next. It is all made delightfully easy for you, and when you reach your own particular station 30a bundle out, get into the wai ing lift, and in no time find yourself above ground in the busy, noisy, ruBhing sire ate, quite bewildering after the piece of down below I The return line, of oouree, runs parallel, and thg platforms are divided by a wall—a lovely white wall—with gates from ore to the other. So after paying your twopence it is quite optional whether you go cityv ards or westwards. It is wonderfully airy, ani they say in hot weather it I'B beautifully 000I and draughty, I suppose all the air is pnmped down, beoause never a glimpse of daylight do you have from start to finish—all bright electrio lijht. Of oouree, it is a tremendous suooeflB, but I suppose it wiU be years before it really pays. It has been yean building, and must have baen a hugely expensive jab.' The Ooolg&rdie; Trades and Labor Band are preparing a grand minstrel and conosrt entertainment to be given in aid of the i^iri funds on Wednesday, December 12, at the Oremome Theatre. 