MEN "WIIO NEVEH SLEEP OIt SPEAK. Tm: most oxtrnordiuary instance of a man who could not Hlecp comes from Wisconsin. Mr. Edward Bain, a man who countod his wealth by millions, and who died recently in tho prima of lifo, novor undressed and went to bed as thd avcrago person does for sixteen years, and this won him tho title of 'The Man who Never Slept.' As a young man ho was in such a hurry to mako a fortune that ho worked twenty hours a day, and devoted tho remaining four in taking short snatches of rest in an arm-chair in in his ofiico. Ho kopt this up for so long that finally time bognn to toll its talc, and Mr. Bain's wife anil friends persuaded him to tnko ib easy, and employ others to do tho work lio had hitherto so persistently performed himself. After much persuasion he did as suggested and retired from tho business altogether. His menial machinery which had coasolossly revolved for thirty years refused to stop, and ho could not sleep. IIo took to farming, and worked laboriously from early morn to sunset, but to no nvail ; nnd lie soon found he feared to fall aslcop. Doctors wore con sulted, and thoy unanimously agreed that motion would sootho his brain, and advised him to drive through tho country day and night. For three years ho drove furiously about tho streets of Kenosha, but it failed to sootho his poor, weary bruin. Soon tlio inalady incrcasod, and ho crept about a thin, palo ghost of his former self. Thereafter, night after night, tho man who never slept took to riding all night in a special railway train. For sixteon years tho unhnppy millionaire passed a weary existence, "in which outraged Nature refused to grant him a taste of oblivion. One night his wifo found him dead in his chair. Bleep had como at last. A man living in London has not bcon to bed for twolve years. This poor fellow, it hardware merchant in a large way of business having mado up his mind to succeed in lifo when a young man, gavo up all society und companionship and dovoted himsolf to his self-imposed task; ... — .. j ..... . ..oii.uiu uic uwncr or ono of tho largest manufactories in tho king dom. IIo worked whon other peoplo slept, ami the strain of yoarn of such concentra tion soon told upon idin. At Inst sleep became n terror to him, nnd ho boliovod that if ho woro to allow tlio arms of Morphous to cncii-clo him ho would dio in consequence. That any liuiuun being should bo so wanting in sonso as to record a vow to remain dumb for any longth of timo seems almost inconceivable; yot many persons havo been known to abstain from speech. Edward John Cunninghnin, who waa lately released from San Qucntia Gaol, San Fraucisco, kopt a vow novor to apeak for an extraordinarily long poriod. When Cunningham entered tho gaol nino years ago he took a solemn oath that no word would oscapo his lips during tlio period of his soclusiou. A vow not to speak made by Frank Bowden, of Coventry, lias beon kept for ovor fivo years. This young man was in loyo with a girl, nnd ono day ho nnixm- sciously allowed a sentence to drop from his lipi that immediately caused offeuco, and tlio young lady thought it bettor llmt their acquaintance should cease. Tho knowledge that his own foolish words bad been tho causo of his troublo so'preyed upon his mind that ho Kwnm Itn wmil/l maintain absolute siloncs from that day. Bowdon lins stood by Iiis oath for fivo tears, notwithstanding all the intluonco brought to bear upon him to speak. Whonovor it beconios necessary for him to communicate hia needs or wants to othora ho does ao in writing or by motions and ho has also declared in writing that no word will oscnpo his lips until tho you.ng lady will forgivo him and renew thoir friendship. School Teacher (to boy at the head of tlio class, tho losson being philosophy) ; ' How many kinds of force are tliorot' . Boy : 1 Three, sir.' Teacher : ' Namo them.' Boy : 'Bodily forco, moutal forw, and tho foiico (Q|Vf,' 