N·otes from ..ondon. (From Our' Special Representative.) LONDON, April 6. This morning's papers announce that Mr Parker now "candidly admits' his mission to be a failure. What else, it may be asked, could he do? IHe could not say that his mission was a success; he could not even. allege that he had received the slightest encouragement from the Colonial Office, from the Aus tralian delegates, from the Press or from the public. Certainly the Hon. H. G' Parsons, the misrepresentative of the goldfields, gave him and the hopeless Groper" cause indirect support, and the "British Australasian" did its little best for the Forrest gang, but what could two such tiny voices do? I have authority for saying that there never was the smallest shadow of an idea of giving :in'to the absurd demand of the .minority of West Australia-=the dele gates were solid as a rock upon this, and Mri Chamberlain was certainly not in clined to attempt to move them. Mr Parker, in spite of his associa tions, is no ofool, and must have recog nised a very few hours after his arrival in London that fiscal freedom would. have to be abandoned as the idlest of idle dreams. In his newspaper inter views he made a.pretence of keeping up a bold froft,. but persons .reading be-. tween.the lines saw evidence that a new nmve was about tq'be made. One ev-en. ing. there came a bolt from the blue tin.. the shape of an announcement in "St. James' Gazette," a ,Tory .organ which finds . room for. -Mr Parker's anti Federation :. articles, that . New Zealand had- .joined West Aus tralia in opposing, the Common wealth Bill. This was, however, met with a prompt denial from- Mr Reeves. Curiously enough, 'Mr Parker at. once upon this became (officially) an ardent Federationist,: :.,and has ever since been declaring that hiS. Government are and ialways were in favor of the Bill. One might well say ;: It was all very well to ?dissemble your love, Biut why did ,ou kick me dowhstairs ? What was .the reasobn.of the sudden conversion . It ..ame out when Mr Parker,. as a. -last resource, joined Mr Reeves in pressing for an alteration -in the measure -so that Colonies coming in afterwards could join as biiginal States: But it was no good--the delegates again gave a point blank rffusal, -and' that re fusal was : endorsed by :the Colonial Office. The "No Appeal" difficulty was, in -a great measure, got ·over yesterday, and the measure', will be ready- bait acci dents, for introduction after the Easter h.. olidays. " Will the West Australian Go veirnment -obme in at the last monient ? In spite of 'the; proverb which- tells- us that it is'the unexpected which liappers there cis.a-firm belief here that Sir John, notwithstanding'his pledges 'to the con trary, will, with the fear of. th se wretched Separationist ,agitators bef re his eyes, thke the last step' of his clinmb down, and announce that "through love and affection" for Federation he will do, his best to get the. colony to join united Australia. ButKruger the Second may talk himself black in the face 'Mr Pair ker and -Mr Hackett, and "Cursing Crowder," and.all the rest of the crowd can never retrieve their chief's reputa tion. All the king's horses and all the king's men. Cannot put Humpty Dumpty together again. Englishrmen do not as a rule know much about .Australian politics, . but they always put their tongue in their cheek when they hear the name of Sir John. Forrest :connected in the remotest degree with the principle of political honesty. The- London branich of' the Gold fields League is thoroughly organiied, and is now. awaiting developments. Meetings of the executive are held four times a week. iThe committee watch evenits as closely as a cat watches: a mouse. On Monday the following ap peared in the "Timies' from its Mel bourne correspondent :-"Indignation is expressed on the goldfields of West Aus tralia' at the action of the Governors, Sir Gerard Smith, in leaving the -3epara tion petition to Ministerial considera tion. Counsel advise that his action is unconstitutioial, as the petition should go direct to the Queen. Before noon there was a deputation at the Colonial Office'to know all about it, you know. ~The officials gave assurances that no directions had been sent to Perth and that the authorities here were in no ,ray responsible. Althorigh the reception of the deputa tion was courteous in the extreme, still the information received was scarcely as ample as desired, and so Mr Hogan put down a question for the following even ing. On Tuesday the matter was ac cordingly brought before the House of Commons.. The following is the "Times" report: Mr Hogan (Tipperary,Mid) asked the Secretary of State for the Colonies whe ther it was with the knowledge and sanc .tion of the Colonial Office that the Go vernor of West Australia, on sailing for England, left the petition to the Queen from the residents of the gold fields district for the consideration of l?ocal Ministers; and whether it was not the proper and constituional course to transmit such petitions direct to her Majesty. Mr. Chamberlain.-I have no official information in regard to the petition ,referred to. The proper and constitu tional course in regard. to all petitions from the self- governing coloinies is for the Governor to submit them to his Ministers and forward them to the Sec retary of State with their remarks. There is nothing which angers 'the old Westralian colony here more than the friendly feeling shown by almost all of the big dailies towards-the Separation -movement. No doubt it is very galling to find that "the agitators" are always certain of getting just what they choose in the best journals. At the meeting of the, executive yesterday a resolution °was adopted congratulating the Prince of Wales upon his -escape at Brussels. "The Evening Standard," "The Globe," "The Westminster Gazette," "The Even ing News," "The Star," and dozens of other evening papers, both metropoli tan and provincial, published the fol lowing, under, the heading, "Australian Congratulations" :--"This morning at a meeting at the Hotel. Cecil of.the Loi-, .don .eXecutive of the West Australian i Goldfields.Refgrni League, it was .moved that a telegram of congratulation be sent', to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales... The motioh was seconded and unanimously carried" - The advice "of "Punch" to those about to get married is well known? My ad vice to those about to go to the Paris Exhibition has a little addition to the famous "Don'tl" From" a friend who has just come over frona the Gay. City 1 learn that there seems no earthly chance of the Metropolitan- being finish ed until late in the summer, and the new Gare 'd' Orleans is, hopelessly be hindhand. As to the paths, they are in a' state of chaos, and on some of the lawns the grass seds have not yet been sown. It will be. about the end of -June before-. it will be .worth anyone's while to cross the channel to see the Exhibition" at its best, and then it will. certaiiily be a spectacle never to be forgotten.- • But the cost ! The cocher is already demanding a franc as a pour boire, instead of the regulation.'2%d; bread and coals are increased in price for 'no earthly reason; and even " the gentle barber has changed his price for a "shave. One journal that has been interviewing different folk on this aug -mented price has struck against . a positive gem of French patriotism who runs a restaurant of a cheap order near the Exhibition ,grounds. ' "No," says he, "I will not change my prices, but I will avenge Fashoda and Metz. When the English and Germans, who -will be tempted by the small' prices -I charge for a' four-course luncheon, come, I shall pretend that certain dishes are off, and then I will fix my own price for the supplement." Martin Power, the Australian-' 'light weight jockey.who arrived 'here recently, has received offers from various Eng lish stables. He'is'waiting advices from West Australia before 'making his ar rangements. Mr. Percy Hunter, of the Sydney "Daily Telegraph," and whose name is well known amongst Australian cyclists, is acting as secretary to Mr. Barton in London. SCaptain Matthiews, of Kalgoorlie, is amongst the latest arrivals here. The Rev. Dr. Torrance, incumbent, for many years, of Holy Trinity Church, Balaclava, Melbourne, has decided not to return to the colonies. He ~ ill settle down in Ireland. Great nFws for the Johnnies. The complete company from the Gaiety Theatre is going to Australia. The tour will be an extended one, as it is to last while the Strand house is being re built. \- It was very sad. Mr. Wittenoom in vited a representative company to wit ness on Tuesday the unpacking of a consignment of fresh fruit from Groper land. The sins of the Ministry seemed to be upon the parcel, for when it was opened seven- eighths of its contents (grapes and pears) were found to be rotten . There were three cases of apples, and some of these were in good condition. Mr. Richard Hoffman, a prominent figure in the London minifng world, leaves here in a few days for the gold fields. He has large interests in the White Feather Main Reef, the Cosmo politan, the Bellevue, and Lindsays. ?Mr. A. F, Calvert's affairs are still before the Bankruptcy Court. This gentleman wrote to the "Morning Post" some little time ago, opposing Separa tion.in the interests of the capitalists.. Mi W.' M. Tomkins, secretary here of the Londoni Bank of Australasia (Ltd.), reti?es to-morrow, after 46 years' ser vice. He is to be succeeded by Mr. F. J. Curtis, who, previous to his transfer as-?ccountant to the London office, was, for many years, a branch manager of the bank in Australia. Mr. W. Griffiths, M.P., is, in spite of having much private work on hand, having a good time. With the dele gates. from the eastern colonies he was entertained at dinner on Tuesday even ing at the Charing Cross Hotel, by Mr. Cosmo Bonsor, M.P. Later on, the delegates attended a smoking concert given by .the. Australian and New Zea land merchants and shippers. Mr Grif 'fiths' diary is choked with social events, extending over some -weeks. The Rev. Father O'Gorman is now settled in his new parish at Enfield. He speaks in glowing terms of the beauty of the place, the lark singing in the morning, the trees just bursting out into bloom, etc., etc. But, somehow, I often think that, with all their climatic disadvantages, his heart is still in the goldfields. Mr. and Mrs. J. Mallison Williams, formerly of Kalgoorlie, and now of Nel son,.Biitish Columbia, are at present on visit to England.. Mr. Williams is a well-known mining man, and was one of the early pioneers of--the Westralian goldfields. Mr. John Howard Taylor, late of Coolgardie, and now the owner -of the famous clipper yacht "Bona," pur chased last year from the- Duke of the. Abruzzi, is enjoying a. holiday, at Cannes. : Mr. Charles Dunster, of West Austra lia, was on Tuesday last elected a Fellow of the Royal Colonial Institute. Professor Pepper, of ",epper's' Ghost" fame, has died in poor circumstances at Leytonstone -near London. It'may be remembered that he went from here to Australia some years ago with his scheme for creating rain by throwing explosives into the clouds. -Later on he was public analyst at Brisbane. He realised "'z,ooo during the first -six months that he showed Pepper's Ghost in -London. That is some 30o years ago. 