CHAPTER XII. BAHA'S BBTEOTHAL. The Maoris do not moke long oonrtsliipe. But the civilised Maori must needs bond to eo<no extent to tho ways of civilization. Sate it id to say that nowhere, at no time, mdco the ooionizitien of New Zealand in 1840, have two individuals, (all-blooded Maoris, been more thoroughly civilised, < hw more highly educated, few more care tally trained than Rama Tuena and Hori Totara. in age and eduoation they seemed eminently lined to make a matoh. And thero were others beside Bishop Oowan who hopo to uco them wedded. II the burden of the story to be told were the wooing of Bnma by Totata, the writer would dwell here at greater length ; yet this was not the eventful portion of tlieix history. On the evening of Lady Merlin's party it became a matter of common observation that the young Maori clergyman was paying marked attention to Lady Merlin's adopted daughter. On that eventful evening, too, the Biihop, who arrived late, and left early, took occasion to speak to his host about the matter, and was agreeably surprised, and pit Mid, to find Lady Merlin was of the came opinion as himself ; declaring that it was the very thing; that snoh a mateh would be heaven-made, and promising, so far from throwing any obstacle in the way, to promote the affair. Match-making is generally a delightful feminine occupation : it was a rather new novelty for the mistress of Merlin Oonrt, however. Everybody agreed that Bama was the life of the party. lher« were oharades of her own devising ; in one she converted Totara into the most grotesque savage, fishing up in the Maoris' Island home; in another Hood's pathetic ballad, ' Mary's Ghost,' was por trayed in anything but pathetio parte. And above and before all other matters for wonder was the fact that Lady Merlin laughed and applauded, when at any other time alio might reasonably be oounted on to condemn. She was young again, ber guests declared : and snoh was the happiness of her mood that if the ball-room had been ready she woald not have denied the troop oi young people a dance. That was indeed suggested, but they bad to be satisfied with a promic-e that on some future ooeaeior. when provision was made and they oao prepared, thoir wishes would be gratified. Anionic the songnter* no one sang go ofu.. or <o sweetly as Bama; while a duet I y I'otara and Bama won unbounded admiru (ioD. Maori legend was interspersed with lb' olaseicol productions of the age. And when the pleasant evening was 0V6t, tho guest - declared that i'tr years they had entertains' absolutely wrong impressions abou1: tl'; dignified matron of Merlin Oourt; that she had (wen wronge! in bring so general! > n gurJ&d; as au eiobodim»a<: of hauteur ac . iiuoeudujg formality. Totftra was tor going when the Bishop's party lef t, bur this he was persuaded not to qo : and before he left he had a preseici? invitation to vifit Merlin Oourt often, for the hostess wished to know better one who was bo suitable a companion lor Baooa. And before a week more had elapsed, Hor. Totata had asked, and had become, the aouupted suitor for the hand of Rama Tikdi People «ud that as Lady Merlin was rich huc bed ntitLer obn'id nor near relative, a handsome 'dot' would go with the hand of Lady Merlin's adopted daughter. Safe it to to ssf that on DO such mercenary fiofcion did the young clergyman oount. He saw u> Bams a winsome and happy- dispositioned partner in life's journey ; and he was slid when he found that both his Bishop and the young lady'* guardian united in their approval of his rait. At first Bama laughed at him and at the idea of becoming a clergyman's wife, a position she said she was sure she oouid never satisfactorily fill; bat finally she said she would be Totara's wile-that oa him would rest all the responsibility of the momentous undertaking. And thus it was in the capaoity of Rama's fiaoci thai Hon Totara was a regular visitor for several weeks to Merlin Court; and as his etaia and sterling qualitio» became known to Lady Merlin, she was more and more oonvinced that she was doing the proper thing by Rama-to give her to him. His sedate, settled, honorable oharaoter seemed to supply precisely those restraining safeguards whiob the impulsiveness of Rama's oharaoter rendered ueairable in a life-partner . . . * It was a balmy summer evening when the two young people eat iu the vineolad summer-house, is the gardsn of the Court, that the oompaot whiob was to make them man and wife was sealed. Hori himself plaoed the ring on Rama's finger. Then she was a little afraid of the thing that she had consented to. 11 am Boaroely 19, Hori; I am only a a girl!' she said. ' Many of oar people marry at that age, as do our friends the Europeans.' . But a minister's wife, Hori!-it seems so strange. . . . She should be a solemn-minded person of great experience, and very, very good.' 'And you, dear, will be very, very good ?' ' Ob, but I am not very, very good at all V ' Then you must intend to bo that.' ' Will tbe intention euffioe, Hori J' , ' Good intention, with honest endeavor, is all that the best of os oas olaim.' 1 Yes, but some people in their good intentions enooeed much bettor than I dc, Hori. Do you forget that I ever raised in yosr mind a doubt aa to whether 1 was really a Christian f ' Only a passing doubt, Buna. Of course you are a Christian, bat at timew a little | inohned to trifle.' ' I myself am a trifle. I really wonder honestly wander-that you atiould ever think of me m a wife, H«ri.' ?Seriousness, and perhaps solemity, will oome to you in years, Ruma. It it natural in one of your yaars to be as you are. It is also natural in me to seek a wife of my own people. 1 thank God for you and your lovo, Rama. Tou really do love me, little one ?' ' Oh, yes; bow else oould I promise to j many you f' I 1 The world-the people of the world-do find many and unworthy motives for mar riage. Bat with us there need be-there oan be-but one pure motive.' . Certainly you are not rich, and I, Hori, j amreal\y poor. I have nothing to bring you.' ' Only your love, and that iu all I aek or desire.' ' When do you go to take over your first charge f 'Next week.' < So soon P' 11 oannot endue to be long idle.' < I shall miss you very much.' ' So muoh, I trust, that you will be anxious to join me very shortly.' Rama did sot for a moment reply. Her lover held her hand, and literally pressed for a reply, it was a temporising evaoion that he draw from his love ?, ' What kind of a plaoe is Paeroa ?' ' Have you never visited the Upper Thamei P' ' Never.' ' Tin t chat h a fruat in store. Thorn aro few rivers in the world so enchanting, I should think.' ' But Paero<»-it's a dismal little place, isn't it?' ' My Rama really does not think there is any dismal plaou from one end of the native islands to the other I And if Paeroa was for ever under a oloud-it no bird sang-if no stream leaped out of mountain, over pine root and boulder, to swell th6 torrent oi the Thames-if no flower bloomed apon its banks-if no pheasant or purtridga sprang suddenly from ooppioe of fern-if uo wild duck swam its thousand pools and lagoons it no wood-pigeon ever ruttled amongst tbe donso foliage of its gloiious forests-jet if you, my Raum, were there in our little cot, to welcome my home coming, I would not think it dull or diuual.' ' That is quite a bit of tubdued eloquence, Hori-unpremeditated, too, 1 am sere. 1 should like you to be really eUqjtuol, Hori, the most eloquent preacher ot all our people. I should like tbe world to ring with jour fume-Ihe lamo of Totara, the Maoii preacher 1' ' Far better for me, for you, for all the world should just know me simply as tbe Maori who faithfully preached Christ and Him crucified. That is my mission; and woe betide me or any minister oi the gospel who forgets his master in thinking of the man.' ' Alas, Hori, but you ar<j so dreadfully in earnest?' ' I do not believe that very muoh good is done in the world-in the religious, the political, or any other sphere-without downright, wholesouled earnestness ' ' Tell me, Totara, do you love Qod with your whole heart f 'Yes,that is my aim.' ' Then what have you left to bestow xjpon poor little me f' 'A slow smile came ere any words from 1 Totara : ' Pardon me, little one, if I say it was by such cunning questions that the Pharisees sought to entrap Christ. If a man marry seven time? who will olaim him for husband in the next world ? We are not asked to trouble about unoh questions. But, tell me, do you think if I love G-od more that 1 shall lovo you less ? Ho has made it possible for us to adequately SI! the first and great commandment and yet to love one another. You do not doubt that, RamaP' (To be oontinned.) KKOOONIBED.-She: Who is that fright ful looking wow an behind you who is talk ing with a man f He: It is my wife. She : But you have not looked round to see whom I mean I He : Oh, your description is enough ! XjTHttAST Nora.- Judtro: You are accused, ot stealing sis reams of paper, threo gallons of ink and five gross of pens. What have you to say to tbe charge ? Prisoner: Your Honour, I am a novelist, and I was merely collecting material for a new story. Jones-' I hear your next door neighhonrs have a very good organ. Da yau know how many itops it baa f Brown-Only about three o day, an a those not very i"ng oaei. The Rtctoi-I hope, my dear young lady, thfef you have always beforo you 1-omr h'gi; idea, surne txalled type ot womanhood, that you hope in time to reach. Miss Pinterley-I have, indeed, sir. 1 i have always looked forward to being n bride. Mr John Morgan married on « very tittle, and the only home he oould oiler his wife was a room at the top of a house. He war very sod about it, but fcis wife, »L" was of tht right sort, greatly cheered him by re marking that it was quite a Morgaaat(t)ic 