HIGH PRIESTESS OF ISIS ME. BLAVATSKY was born in Ekaterinoslav, Russia, in 1831. She was the daughter of Colonel Peter Hahn, of the Rus- sian army, and grand- daughter of General Alexis Hahn von Rallen- stern Hahn (a noble family of Mecklenberg, settled in Russia). Her mother was Helene Fa- deef, daughter of Andrew Fadeef and the Princess Dolgouriki. At the age of 17 she married Nicephore Blavatsky, a coun- cillor of state, whom she was pleased to denomi- nate "the plumed raven:' He was old and gouty, being forty-three years her senior. The marriage was not felicitous, and the couple separated by mutual consent at the expiration of three months. Mme. Blavatsky then commenc- ed her extraordinary career as a thaumaturgist, globe-trotter, and chevaliere d'industrie. Sin- nett, author of certain works on occultism, wrote a biography of the Russian adventuress, but ot is so replete with tales of magic and mystery, and Munchausen-like effect, that little credence can be given to it. However, it is worth reading, if one is fond of indulging in ghost stories by can- dle light. In India she was accused of being a spy in the pay of the Russian Government, and regarded with suspicion by the English authori- ties. In the year 1870 she visited Egypt in company with & certain Countess K___, always consorting with mediums, magnetisers, and others of that ilk. At Cairo she endeavored to form a spiritistic society, but without much success. Her biographer relates that she spent one night in the King's Sepulchre in the bowels of the Great Pyramid of Gizeh, reposing in the very sarco- phagus that once held the mummy of a Pharaoh. In one of her books she claims that it is absurd to imagine, as do modern archaeologists, that the lidless- coffer in the Great Pyramid was ever a receptacle, for a mummy. Rather was it the place for lustration, or baptism, of the neophyte in the ancient Egyptian mysteries. It is said that the police of Cairo asked her to "move on," and that she departed in hot haste from the land of pyra- mids and papyri. Several times she turned up in Russia after her Eastern sojourns, once at a gloomy chateau in Tiflis, the residence of a rela- tive, Prince _____, where she gave seances during the long winter evenings, and nearly frightened the guests to death. Then she came to the United States, from which time dates the theosophic Hegira. Mme. Blavatsky is most widely known to the world as the exponent of modern theosophy — a cult which now numbers its adherents by the thousands. Of all the psychical epidemics that have affected modern thought, theosophy is the most interesting to the student. . . . "What is theosophy?" The word theosophy (theo-sophia — divine knowledge) appears to have been used about the third century A.D. by the Neo-PIa- tonists, or Gnostics, of Alexandria; but the great principles of the doctrine, however, were taught hundreds of years prior to the mystical school established at Alexandria. "It is not," says an interesting writer on the subject, an outgrowth of Buddhism, although many Buddhists see in its doctrines the reflection of Buddha. It pro- poses to give its followers the esoteric, or inner spiritual, meaning of the great religious teachers of the world. It asserts repeated reincarna- tions, or re-births of the soul on earth, until it is fully purged of evil, and becomes fit to be ab- sorbed into deity, whence it came, gaining there by Nirvana, or unconsciousness." Not a few theosophists claim that Nirvana is not a state of unconsciousness, but just the converse, a state of the most intensified consciousness, during which the soul remembers all of its previous in- carnations. Mme. Blavatsky claimed that "there exists in Thibet a brotherhood whose members have ac- quired a power over nature which enables them to perform wonders beyond the reach of ordinary man. She declared herself to be a 'chela,' or disciple of these adepts and mahatmas, and as- serted that they took a special interest in all initiates in occult lore, being able to cause appa- ritions of themselves in places where their bodies were not, and that they not only appeared, but communicated intelligently with those whom they thus visited; and themselves perceived what was going on where their phantoms appeared." This phantasmal appearance she called the projection of the astral form. The madame did not claim to be the founder of a new religious faith, but simply the reviver of a creed that has slumbered in the Orient for centuries, and declared herself to be the messenger of these mahatmas to the scoffing world. . . . The question may now be asked: "Did Mme. Blavatsky really possess any occult powers, or was she simply a juggler with a well-rehearsed repertoire of sleight-of-hand tricks?" Such pheno- mena as the materialisation of roses, astral-bell sounds and answers to sealed letters are well known feats to any medium or conjurer. They are not dependent upon the exercise of psychic powers, but are effected by legerdemain. I quote the following by Hereward Carrington, pub- lished in "Mahatma":— "Two of the principal phenomena that occur- red, and of which Mr. Sinnett [a writer on Mme. Blavatsky] makes the most, are 'the brooch in- cident' and 'the pillow incident.' Of these we will consider the 'pillow incident' only, as being the more perfect of the two. The following is a brief summary of the pillow incident:— A party, including madame, had gone to luncheon, and were on the top of a hill, when madame suddenly asked in what place Mr. Sinnett would like the I article. to appear which he was expecting. It was very clearly stated that this expected article, a brooch, was not mentioned by Mr. Sinnett be- fore, and the subject had not been led up to in any way. This is the crucial point of the whole test. Mr. Sinnett thought a moment, and then said, 'Inside that cushion.' He had no sooner uttered the word, than his wife cried out, 'Oh, no, let it be inside mine.' This was agreed on. The cushion was now covered with a rug for about a minute; when it was opened, in- side that was a second cushion. In the very centre of this latter was found the brooch and a note from Koot Hoomi — the more important and communicative of the two mahatmas. But the brooch and the cushion had been in the Sinnett family for a number of years, so that the 'test' appeared to be absolutely conclusive. The prin- cipal point in this test is that the expected ar- ticle was not mentioned before in any way. Ap- parently, then, the answer to the question was entirely haphazard, and had never crossed Mr. Sinnett's mind before that instant. If that was the case, the 'pillow incident' was certainly re- markable, but the writer holds that such was not the case." . . . . "Isis Unveiled" is a potpourri of absurdities, pseudo-science, magic, mythology and folk-lore, arranged in helter- skelter fashion. — 'Cosmopolitan' (U.S.). "I want to ask one more question," said little Frank, as he was being put to bed. "Well," ac- quiesced the tired mamma. "When holes come in stockings, what becomes of the piece of stock- ing that was there before the hole came?" The glamor of Napoleon has too long, perhaps, drawn men's attention from the grandest of all England's military events — Wellington's wonder- ful Peninsular campaign. In the new life of Wellington it is well remarked: "Through good report and ill, through difficulties and disappoint- ments from random foreign Governments, head- long allies, and ill-trained officers, through sun- shine and storm, summer and winter, seedtime and harvest, while every Throne in Europe rock- ed or was engulfed, alliances melted away or formed afresh for menace, this steadfast spirit maintained its purpose, this vigilant brain con- verted every changing circumstance to its use. Ministers at home, distraught by faction, har- assed for means, weakened by wars in other re- gions, drew courage and constancy from their inflexible servant, who never veiled a truth and never glozed a peril. Calm, confident, resource- ful, he went from strength to strength, till Europe began to recognise her true deliverer, and designed to withdraw him from the work of his choice, and set him face to face with Napoleon himself. On the Derby day, a few years ago, a well-known man of business— let us call him Mr. X.— went down to Epsom with the rest of the world, and, after the great race was over, bethought himself of lunch. It was then 4 o'clock, and he was ra- venously hungry. Seeing no friendly coach or carriage at hand, he entered one of the refresh ment booths, where a 3s 6d meal was provided for all-comers: He attacked some ribs of beef, and soon cleared them to the bone; then he went for a chicken, which also disappeared; finally, he espied a pigeon-pie at the other end of the table, which had not yet been touched, and ordered the waiter to bring it to him. But the waiter, after a whispered conference with an individual in black who had been observing Mr. X.'s performances with suspicion and alarm, came and said con- fidentially, 'If you please, sir, the governor says as how he won't charge you nothing for anything if you'll go away at once." Mr. X., however, in- sisted on his rights, and declined this obliging of- fer; then he proceeded to make a vigorous on- slaught on the pigeon-pie. 