CLEANED OUT A CIRCUS Major Henry A. Newman broke into another of his characteristic stones tho lust timo I10 was in town, says the 44 St. LouiB Republic.' This is the way ho told it, and thero wero present half a dozen to vouch for its truthfulness, , 44 Away back in '58 or '69 thoro lived an old follow by tho name of Sumpter, who was a neighbour of mine. Ho had been in tho Creek war under Gen. Jackson, and ono of his relatives had been killed in tho massacru at Furt Minima. Ho had a great and undying hatred of Indians, and was very bitter in his denunciation of them at all times. He was tall, iron grey, and well preserved for his age. Ho mado tubs, half-bushel measures, &c;«, and made a mero living at this occupation. I gave the old mau the titlo of 4 General * of which I10 was very proud.. 44 Frank Perriue, a neighbour of mine, who has siuco died,' and myself, opened our hearts and handB and agreed to 4 take the General ' to a circuB at my town, Huntsville, Mo. Wo purchased tho tickets and trave him somo odd chango to buy lemonade. The 4 General,' Frank and myself took a lower Beat. Now, tho cirdus had a detachment of about twenty Indians, who camo in with war paint and feathers and dancpd tho green corn, tho ghost dance, and other Indian per formances, and thon performed a scalping 'sccne. 44 It was very realistic. A white woman rodo into tho ring with an Indian holding a tomahawk and scalping knife in close pur suit. Round and rouud tho ring they flew, tne inuian gaining on tile whito maiden whoBe black hair hung in glossy waves down her back. She actcd nor part well, and was apparently much frightened. 44 The Indian grabbed the woman and dragged her from tho horso, threw her down, and scalped her. He held up the wig, all dripping with blood— Venetian red. A thrill of horror penetrated the audience. General Sumptcr's blood was up, and, beforo Frank and myself could restrain him, rushed into the ring and with his hickory stick felled tho Indian to the ground. The remaining Indians closed around tho 4Genoral,' but his 4dander' was up. 'ThoIndianB commenced falling asleep under his repeated blows as fast as they did at tho 4 Horse Shoo.' Frank and myself . rushed into tho ring to bring tho 4 General ' out. The crowd was yelling with delight, thinking it part of the show. Above the yells of the combatants could be heard tho loud laugh of Forked Eyed Adams, a well- known character from the Chariton divide, who could laugh so loud that it was said it killed the mosquitoes on the Chariton river a mile off. 41 As Frank grabbed tho 4 General * a big burly showman knocked him down. The old clown mado at me. I was an athlete in thoso days. I dodged him and gave him a right hander on the nose and sent him out of the ring. At that moment an Indian struck mo ovor tho head with a stuffed war club and Bent me to tho sawdust. Tho 4 General * sent him on top of mo with' a club that was not stuffed. Several of our friends rushed in to help us, but the darned fool crowd yet believed it part of tho show, and were enjoying it hugely. Forked Eyed Adam's laugh waa heard above tho war cries of the Indians, and the old 4 General ' was yelling a* tho top of his voice, 4 Hurrah for Gen. Jackson and Davy Crockett/ 44 1 finally got hold of tho clown, and . Frank grabbed theGcneral,and matters wero adjusted without actual murder being com mitted. Frank carried away a black eye and 1 had a knot as big as a hanging bird's nest over my right car. The next year we declined to take the 4 General ' to the circus.' 