üoclicatioii or St. Mary's Cathedral." A REMARKABLE SERMON. THE Cathedral was officially openeil on Sui Whereas on S:ituni¡iy the Cathedral was ' hy worshippers who paid no fee, on Sr morningiidmission feeswerecbargedntdiil doors at th« rutes respectively ot ¿1,10s, ai yet the building was absolutely crowded. The Cardinal, suitably ntteuded, rec Vire-rcgal visitor». Amidst cheers nu« .playiug"of the National Anthon, by the ititi«- Bund, Earl Beanchnmp. Governor of Son th Wales. Loni Lamington, Govern Queensland. and Mr. Le Hunte, Lieute Governor of British New Guiuea, drovo 1 ?two carriages. Their Excellencies were di in Windsor uniform, and their aide« were iu full dress. They were heartily welcouii the Cardinal on tho stuns of tho Cathedral conducted hy his Emiiii-nc.' and oflicera o church to seats ia the sauetu-iry on thu riy the altar. Probably so fine it spectacle of the eccles cal type has never K>tr.i sewn in Australia us which ivas displnyed in St. Mary's m.-ignil fane. Archbishop Iii>.1\vi>o.l, of Wellington, pren from the text " Hu «hull ri- isîti in the how Jacob for ever, and of Mis Kingdom there "be no end"-St. Luke I., lii-a. .v . . He said that ia yearn n^o, at the first opeui this noble pile, my theme wa» the Divini Christ, and I see no reason to change that tl to-day. Christ did not found a schon science, nor an empire by might, nor a »in the passions of men-He founded a relij society, or Church, by His ovvu Divine pu He set np a spiritual kingdom to lust for i This glorious kingdom, this spiritual w immeasurably superior to tho material v »round us, is the work of His Divine crei , power, employing for that mighty pm immun instruments, hnmuuly speaking, eat inadequate. The Church, being tho wori elitist, was made to His image and likei Th» Church ia one with Christ. She is spouse, His mystic body. Through her, tl lore, He is always visible, iilwiiys Hpenli always neting in thc world. She is, so to sp His prolongation through time ¡md space, threefold functions of'prophet, priest, and 1( Ho discharges by menus ol' Hin mystic body, . Church. Christ gave infallibility to His Chu But-still greater gift-hu gave her indef. lulity. Nut only will she never err iu tho 7nniu of faith and morals, but she will couti .always to tho end of the world, and as loni «be exists she cannot en'. She is inclofecLi «nd she claims this property in the solemn reiterated promises of Christ her hoad. He anised that tho gates of hell should not pre .against lier; that He would bo with jul days, even to tho consummation ol' ?world. (Matthew-xviii.) Hence lier fal ?would millie void his promises. . . . Consider for a moment the number and nat of the Christiuu dogmas ; cousider thu cati: city of the Church ;' consider tho infirmity ¡ sutilice of men; consider thu universal solv of truth, man's proud, restless, and porvei intellect : consider men's proclivities to 8( and divisions : consider »ll this, und you < readily admit the wisdom nud necessity of 1 .. jqwciul providence and assistance of (jud ca! infallibility. Christ is a priest, and He impur His priesthood to His Church. Declining II «elf a high priest according to tito order Molckiseiloch, Christ ns a priest forgave sin. is tho " Lumb that taketh away thu sins of world." That'power of forgiving sin Ho ii left to Hts Church in the person of His priei who in the Sacrament ol' Order receive fr. ' him tho power which, after His Resurrect! He gave to His Apostles, saying : ".Receive the Holy Ghost ; wliosi sins you shall forg they ure forgiven them, und whose sins, j shall retain they nre retained." Finally, Clni ns a priest, gave to His Church His sancti with tho power to create, increase, and pro| .gate it in His members by tho seven chaim of His .sacraments, by His perfect law or atm ard of life, and by His Divine example. Chr also wished His Clinrch to bo catholic or univ sal. Finally, Christ made the Church aposto] Itecnnse she hus her origin and herdoctririe fr< Him through His Apostles, and because she li the succession of her pastors uninterrupted ftc them to our day. Contrast the true Chun the body and bride of Christ, with the null tudinous pretenders around her. Look nt thc , hundreds of contradictory denominations whi Awnrin in the British Empire and in souio otli parts ol' thu globe. Huv« thuy nuy of the mar of the tine Church, unity, Bunctity, catholicit and npostolicity? Surely uot. They have i _ unity. Look not for sanctity in these sepani 'sects. ' I speak not of individuals, but of sj terns. The authors of tho Greek schism, Photi , an the ninth century and Michael Cerulurius the eleventh, hud no motive for their separutii but bliud ambition and lust of power. Ti (.leaders und founders of Protestantism, Lutht "Calvin, Zwinglius, &c;, wore notorious for tin -».ices. Among tho Greek schismatics thu clerj 'ure badly trained for their sacred functions, at ;Jire in a state of pitiful abjection nnd con temp they receive little or no consideration or respe írom the people, and they neither sprei nor fulfil the Gospel teaching. Anfoi -Protestants the most effectual means of sundi; cation hlive disappeared-abstinence, fastin ?mortification, confetsion, communion, eic. Bol "the Greek schism and Protestantism have ruthi .«hstroeted than promoted true civilisation. Ti .first bas brought despotism upon the East, ti second covered Europe with blood and ruins i 'the sixteenth century, mid has ever since bec .tho helper and instrument of tho worst foes c '.Christianity. It desecrated the home, it pollute the nuptial bed, it lowered the dignity ol' womat hood, it devastated the school, and stopped th progress of science. In line, neither Protestant «or Greek schismatics have shown that th action of the Holy Ghost is with them. N 'examples of heroic virtues, no saints iii thei ranks ut all comparable to tho martyrs am -missionaries ol' the Catholic Church ; and tue .have never been able to obtain the sanction of i miracle for their work and their doctrine. Tba Uley have no catholicity is glaringly evident The Greek Church is confined to a part bf tlx .East-chiefly Greece. Russia, mid Turkey j ¡nu .Protestants aro circumscribed within deter mínate limit»-Lutherans iu Germany, Cal -viuists in Geneva and France. Anglican» ii .English possessions. AU are national mid nom .catholic. Neither have they npostolicity. Thej are separated from the Pope, who is tho heir ol ?St. Peter, the chief of the Apostles ; they him 'jx purely human and in no sense an ; npostblii .origin. Their ministers have no lawful mission, and they cannot Hay that they have been sen I by Jesus Christ to teach mid baptise all nations, Privileged children of this Catholic Cuurch, and standing on the threshold of the twentieth century, we may appropriately take a retro spect of the ontgomgnmoleeuth century. From the jaws of a revolution, tho most fearful iu listory. Christ drew His Church unscathed, Tobust, and purified hy tho fire ol' persecution. Many have buen her struggle« during tho cen tury ull over the globo ; bnfc many, too, her -victories, many the events which have consoled lier children in their dire conflict- with tho -world, the flesh, and tho devil. . . . . . '; The wonderful and yet present Pontificate of Leo. XIII., a truly providential'man, stands'out iike a lighthouse over our storm-beaten agc, tho ambassudôr of a higher power, tho representa tive of a greater moral force, tho chief teacher pointing out to a world enshrouded m darkness üie luminous piüh of hue progress and civilisa tion. Will the world listen to great Leo's voice i Will it uccept his unerring guidance and pnter . auil counsel, or will it spurn tho guido and rush headlong into the abyss? Tune will tell. Mean while, what are the Church's hopes and fears for the century before us '! Besides tho widespread ?pnrversion of minds caused by the numerous theories of rationalism, besides the systematic war wngoil tn several countries against tho Church, God's représentative on earth, sho hus to contend with the materialistic tendency of the day. Thou calculate the opposition rinsed against the Church from heresy and schism and all the means nt their disposal. Great ns aro ker perils, the Church hus ndequute power from lisjc Dlvitie Founder to meet ana overcome them, .ii this country nt nil events, her prospects ure Irijjkt, while her progress has neon wonderfnl. -AU houour. to thc founders of this flourishing ; Australian Chnrch ! Hail. Commonwealth of i Anstralia. youngest in the family of nations ' ; God speed thee in thy great career ! Bcvirtn- j ons: be free; be prosperous ¿ bo eternal Î Pro- I cede prospere 'êtîrcgnà, eulo felix, exto beata, esto jterpet ita / ....... . I At tho conclnsirm of tho sermon a collection ] was mudo in aid ot thu cathedral funds, which resulted in thc receipt of money mid promises ' to tho amount of iltTiO. -S. M. llertihl. 