ANDROMEDA: 'A TABE OF THE GREAT RIVER, (BY ROBERT BUCHANAN.) CHAPTER XVII.— (Continued.) "But it's all right now, Anniedromcdyl I didn't die that journey, but I got up dazed nnd stupid, like a chap as has been lying drowned at tho bottom of tho sea. It was many a long day afore I was lit to travel, nnd 'twits a long road, many a day's journey up among the moimtaius, and I'd to sell out my claim, and what they calls 'realise my property,' afore I started for homo. Well, I done it at last! 1 clone It. and come away a rich man, with more money 'for my little gel than over site can spend; and now I'm h.ero, there's nothing she shan't have that money can't get for her all the days of her lltoi I kept it for iter, and 113 ker's to spend. Yes, it's yours, Anniedromedy; so ytm needn't bo afraid, but I'll keep yo a lady still." "How did you knew I wns here?" alio asked faintly. "Why, I waited for yo outelilo all tlio morn ing," ho replied, smiling, "and then I followed yo, my dear!" "I mean in London. How did you know I was in London?" "Why, tills ways," answered the sailor; "mo ment 1 landed I went down river to Cunvey Island, and found old Job and the missis. When they see me they thought I was a ghost! But I up and cries to them, 'Where's my Annie?' And then they told mo you was living in Lon don aud enjoying of yourself ;and old Job was Tor coming witli me to search for yo. ilut I laughed, nnd I sayc to him, 'You leave thnt to me, mate; I'll fled her out myself and give her a surprise,' says I; and I thinks to myself 'I'll take a look nL iter first on the sly. and not let on ns I'm alive.' And the night afore last I waited outside the house and wondered if t should knock at the door and ask for my little gel; but I peeped through the window nnd see you sitting and smiling in fine clothes among your swell friends, and thinks I to myself, 'There's no hurry. I'll wait a bit!' Then yesterday I see you ill tlie sLreet though you didn't see mo — you was too busy talking with a gentleman! Yes, you was a-laugblng and a-tallcing, but I was folloring behind you nil the time!" He still held iter hand and his grip tightened, while the wistful expression on his face sud denly changed to one of fierce suspicion. Drawing her towards him, and looking full into hor eyes, lie eald : , , . "There's ono tiling I'm a-going to ask my gol. Who was the gentleman you was a-talklng to yesterday 1" She tried to rcleaso hor hand, but bo bold it firmly. "A friend," sho said. "A friend?" bo echoed. Well, that s right enough! But aforo you parted, my gel, ho kissed you, ns If ho'd been your brother. He kissed you on tho cheek, Anniedromedy! Maybe that s the fashion tunong the fine folk hero in London, and if so I've no call to say nothing about it: hut I want ye to toll mo, fair and square, why ho done Tho sudden question and the keen look which accompanied it seemed to break the spell which had hitherto held her. Her own face darkened and tho black line of her eyebrows, always so evident in moments of passion, gathered suddenly. With a sudden movement and an exclamation she toro herself free, and sprang frowning to her reel. Ho did not rise, hut kept his eyes fixed upon hor, while ho shot a stream of tobacco jtticc from between his teeth. "There's 110 call to bo angry, my gel, he said quietly. "I ain't angry yc-t. But you've got to. tell mo. fair and squaro again, who that friend of yourti is, and why ho kissed yo when you shook She turned away with a slight hysterical laugh. "That's my business." she said nervously. "I'm not afraid of you or any man, Matt Watson. Tho gontleman's a friend of mine — that s all. "Doe-s he know you're a wedded woman, Annie dromedy?" asked Uie sailor, still very quietly. "fin not!" cried Annio. "You're my wife. Anniedromedy! Wo was married lu Gravosend afore I went away! "A marriage that doesn't count," sho mur mured. , , . "Don't it, by !" cried the man, rising and showing his white teeth. "Then if it don t, we will have ono that does count right away. Don t be aCeared." he continued, seeing her shrink as if from a blow, "I ain't angry, I tell ye-I'm too downright glad to see my little gel again. And I don't blame ye, neither, if maybe ye thought I was dead and buried, and wouldn't never come back! But hero I am, and here I'm a-going to stnv: and you're my wife— Anniedromedy Watson, as was married to mo in church afore witnesses, and Uio man ain't born as shall como botween you' and mo!" CHAPTER XVIII. — THE SPELL' IS BROKEN. It was true, tbon. The sea had yielded up its dead; what Annio most dreaded and bated had come to pass! At tho vory moment when I-Ieavon liad seemed to open, and whenall the world had seemed full of llio music and joy of Fairyland, tho solid oarth had yielded boneath her feet, revealing gulfs of utter shamo and darkness. Yet her heart had not broken; all sho scejned to feel was a hor rid fascination and stupefaction. Sho breathed, sho moved, she still existed, but ovorything bad changed. She was no longer a lady, happy and beloved, she was again tho waif from the sea, conscious only of utter loneliness and desolation. As site looked at tho man, her horror grew. How different ho was to tho lover of her girlish fancy/ Coarse, savage, hideous even, repel 1 ant in overy look aud gesture, yet showing in every look and gesture tho strangest devotion and admira tion. Sho would havo loathed him less, indeed, if lie had been loss gentle. The wistful tender ness in his face, tile gentlo, almost pitiful respect that lay behind his roughest words, sickened her. It was clear that ho felt, in some dim fashion, that sho had withdrawn hersc-lf partially out of his sphere — that she was a lady Indeed, and ho only a rough common man. And after all ho was her benefactor. He had saved her from tho sea— ho had sacrificed himself year after year to secure her happiness, and even when lie had lain under tho very shadow of Death his only thought had boon of lier. II. was wrong nnd wiekotl, therefore, to hate him so much; but she could not help it. He seemed to iter Ilko some fabulous Monster, slimy and dreadful and foul. His coarse, rough speech, the horrid tattoo- marks 011 his hands, his breath, ills manner of rolling tlie tobacco botween his cheeks and spit ting on tho ground wero all horrible to iter. She felt for him now what she remembered to havo always felt, even when sho was a child— a sicken ing physical repulsion. And to think that the matt loved her, and was actually, in tho eyos of tho law. her husband! She had thought horself a "lady;" all hor in stincts, indeed, had been, over since she could re member, towards what was refined ami elegant and gentle. Sho had always hated "common pooplo," had never Celt much sym pathy for even virtue, when it was coarse and vulgar. Somerset himself had first fascinated iter because he was a gentleman, refined and cultivated to tho finger tip's. Sho loved his white hands, ills honeyed breath, his dudisli airs and graces, the refinement and clogance of tho very clothes ho wore. She remembered how, at Canvey, sho had found a pocket liatidkorchief of ills, silken and scented, and how sho had held it to hor nostrils for hours in secret, Inhaling tho perfumo as If it wcto his breath. Then tho time had conto when all iter dreams could be realised, and site, too, would be elegant and refinod, and moot with penplo who were edu cated anil soft spokon, and wear beautiful rai ment, and forge't that s:he had ever been coarso and common. How sho had iovrd to clothe lier- toif in softness, aud to havo dainty undercloth ing, and to feet the shimmer of silk and satin around iter, nnd to go among tlio lights and the music like a "lady" indeed! That was the only lifo sho had cared for, and to crown all she was to havo shared that life with her Prince Charm ing, in the Fairyland of soft speech, and gentle breeding. And now, to think of It! The good fortune which camo to hor out of the clouds, tho money sho possessed, the very clothes site wore, were not her own at ail — they were ills, tho savage man's who had arisen hc-fore her like a Monster from tho sea! She possessed nothing of her own, not oven a namo! She wus .Matt Watson's wife, tho wife of a man who was as coarse and common and horrible as somo unclean creature crawling among tho oozo of tlio seashore. What was most horrible about it all was that tho man cared for her so deeply, and opposed to. her own physical repulsion, moreover, a silent and overmastering passion. Every look he east at her, every smile of the mouth and eyes, lie- tokened tills. lie was tamed and subdued, as animals are so often, by the sexual attraction. Had it been otherwise sho might, have felt less helpless. She might, even have appealed to htm and persuaded him to go liis way, break tlie bond between them, and leave her In peace. Sho felt already, with a woman's instinct, that tills was precisely what ho would ncvor eonsont to do. They walked along side by sido on tho margin of the lake. Gradually iter strength was coining hack to iter, and she began asking herself how sho could temporlso untfl sho lint decided how to act. From time to time she glanced at iter compnnlon, and noticed that his face looked nlmosl happy. Ho appeared quito content to accompany her silently, soothed by the mere physical fact of her prosecco. "Matt," sho said at last. Ills eyes brightened as sho named him. "Well, iny clear?" ho answered gently. "Don't mind what I said to you just now. I was startled and frightened; you came upon mo so suddenly. I'm glad, very glad, to see you, for you've always boon good to me, as good to mo as if you'd beon my own father!" lie nodded a little doubtfully, nnd wntcbcd iter thoughtfully as sho walked on. After a iittlo time she spoko again. "You've soon 110 ono sinco you camo to Lon don? I mean you'vo told no one about — about mo?" "No, Anniedromedy," was the reply, "thero was no ono I could toll even If I wanted. Job and tho missis aro the only folk I know in England." "Whoro aro you living?" "I'd a berth last night in a coffeo house off Tot tenham Court Road. I loft my traps in Wapplng. I've heaps of tilings for you, my gel, and tho missis is taking charge of somo of them!" "What ilo you mean lo do?" "That's for you to settle," tho man replied. "I know you're enjoying of yourself, and I don't want to interrupt. I'll bide your time, my dear. As soon its you're ready we can settle down somewhere comfortable, hut thero ain't no jittrry." It was clear that lie took if. for granted that sho would Join him. and that they would live to gether! Tlie black line of iter eyebrows darkened, as with face averted sbo answered: "I want you to do mo a favor, Matt." "Ay, ay?" "Don't tell anyone yet about mo! Wait a few days, and don't come to tile house whore I'm liv ing. They're strange people, and very proud." "L see," said Malt, with a scowl. "Well, just as you please. Only remember, my gel, 1 haven't seen ye all these long years." "I'll meet you again in the santo place to morrow," returned Annie quickly. "I want to go home now and to think It over. You see, it all seems so strange! 1 never thought you'll como back." "Are ye sorry I como?" ho asked huskily, spit ting on tlie ground. "No, of course I'm not sorry; only it makes everything so different. Everyone will have to know in time, but not yet. In a day or two per- hops — but there, we'll seo!" "All right," said tlio sailor. "i ain't quito strong yet, and I shan't lie rightly bettor till I'm berthed comfortable, with my little wife besiilo me. Look here, Anniedromedy. My luck's been wonderful out yonder, anil the money's all yourn. You'll havo a splendid lime. If money can buy it for you; it's ail yourn to spend, as 1 told ye— all yourn to spend." They crossed the open park together and readi ed tlie central avenue. There Annie paused aud held out her hand. "Please don't como any further," sho said. "I'll meet you at the same time to-morrow." "Down yonder by tlie water?" "Yes." "Let me tako one more look at you before you go," cried Matt, holding her baud. "My beauty! My lady!" "Don't! You'll bo seen!" sho cried, as ho drew her towards him. Ife laughed. "Well, if they do— a man's a rfght to kiss his own wife, hasn't lie?" And ho threw his strong arms round her and kissed her in spile of h.or resistance. Pale as death, she shook herself freo, then, looking hack at him, said iu a low voice: "To- morrow!" He laughed and nodded, as sho flew rather than walked down the avenue, whilo ho stood and watched her. Only for a moment, however, did he pause; in another minute ho had overtaken her. Ho cried as sho paused trembling; "Just another word, my dear, afore you go! Aninvor me fair ami square. There's nothing, is there, atween you and that young chap I see you a-talking to yesterday? Come, out with it, honest?" "Of course thero is not'sjng," she answered, almost angrily. "Why should you think so?" "I don't think so, Anniedromedy," ho replied, showing his white teeth nnd feeling for tlio sailor's knife lu his belt. "God help him if I did, for I'd have his life!" The next moment she had escaped, speeding down tho avenue like a lapwing, and never onco looking behind her. He watched her quiotly with a grim smile of adihiratiou till sho dis appeared. Out from the Parlt and through the busy streets she made hor weary way, her eyes fixed on vacancy, her soul in a tumult, and ever as sho went she seemed to hear tho sound of his foot steps behind her. Terror and despair kept her strong, or she would havo fainted in tlie open street. All her thought now, however, was to reach the bouse where sho lodged and to hide, hprself away from everybody, and to think it all ovor. At last, panting and trembling, sho reach ed tlie hotel, knocked, and was admitted, and ran swiftly to tho little sllting-room upstaira. Bess wns seated by the window, sewing. As Annie entered, she looked up eagerly. "Why, Annie, wherever have you been?" sho cried. "I wns growing quito frightened — I was afraid " She paused, for Annio stood looking at her wildly with dilated eyes, her ch,ceks streaming with tears. , "What's the matter, Annio, dear? Aro you ill?" Annie made no reply, but gave n low, hysteri cal sob, botween a laugh and a cry; then, clutch ing at tho air, fell back upon the carpet in a dead swoon. Bess was by Annie's side in a moment, kneeling by her, supporting her head, and chafing her hands, which wero cold a3 ice. For some min utes she lay as dead, and the iittlo dressmaker was terribly frightened, hut at last she began to recover consciousness, sharp spasmodic thrills ran through her frame, and she moaned wearily as if iu pain. There wns nothing for it hut to get Iter LO UCU as soou as poasioic-, aim 1111.1 ijl.j., did, undressing iter deftly and soothing her with geutlo words; but. when sho questioned her Annie only shook her head and motioned her to be silent. Fortunately, tears came at last to rclieyo her — great silent tears that swelled up from her ovorburthenod heart. "Go away, Bess dear," she sobbed, "and don't let anyone else como near me., It's nothing — I shall he ali right to-morrow;" and Boss, always obedient, presently withdrew, not however with out much compunction and sad conjecture. (To be continued.) 