CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR «RALLY. The Rev. Dr. Fraekleton, who has re- cently returned from London, where he attended the World's Convention of Chris- tian Endeavour as the Australasian.delegate, will give an outline of that big convention to-night at the Wharf-street Congregational 'Church. The meeting Is called an 'Echo Rally by the Endeavourers, but is open to all who may desire to hear an account of Dr. 'Fraekelton's travels and impressions of London in 1900. It will be of some interest to the public to know that the Brisbane High'School for Girls (of which Miss Fewiags Is the prin- cipal) Is recognised by the Government as a suitable school, at which successful can- didates for scholarships and bursaries may attend. Drapery ' Remnants Half-price. - To-day and To-morrow, T. C. Beirne and Co., The Valley, will sell all remnants at half-price- i for cash only.* | Dr. Edgelow, from the Royal West- minster Ophthalmic Hospital, announces in another column that he may be consulted at Selby House, Wickham-terrace, oh diseases of the eye. Dr. Edgelow is the holder of numerous testimonials both from professional men and from those who have benefited under hi3 treatment. , Smart Sailors.-A window full of them-, not the handy men, 'but laxlleá' Sailor Hats of exceptional worth in various new styles and shapes, triznmed <wbite or black ribbon .bands ; price, 2s. 6d. each. These are show- ing at Finney, Isles, and Co., and represent a big shipment selected (by Mr. Finney, just to band.' "Groper," who apparently is not a fish, but a cyclist, complains of the excessive watering of Stanley-street in the morning, lie points out that the council at present supply too much liquid for cycling pur- poses, and not enough for swimming, and the result is that the unhappy bicyclist carries away large quantities of the cor- poration "blinding" on various parts of his clothes and bicycle. Family Portraits and Groups, the most artistic, by Poul C. Poulsen, Queen- street, Brisbane, near the 'Bridge.* It is understood (says the " Townsville Bulletin") that the «auso for the cessation of work at the new Custom-house is a dis- agreement between the contractors (Messrs. Crawford and Cameron) and the Jew acting inspector of works, Mr. Hunt, who was re- cently sent from Brisbane to relieve Mr. Munro. Although no definite details can De.oDtaineci, it is stated that the brickwork and foundations of the new (building have not met with the approval of Mr. Hunt, who, after examination, wired lo the Go- vernment -"Architect that there had boen a relaxation of supervision of the works. In consequence of this telegram. Mr. Pye, the Assistant Government Architect, came at once to Townsville, and he endorsed «Mr. Hunt's action. It Is stated that the differ- ence of opinion between the contractor.? and Government officials is capable of being settled in an amicable manner within a few days, in spite of the fact that the con* tractors have knocked off all their men from the works pending the settlement. You will be easily converted into a pur- chaser at Chapman and Co.'s Sale, as "they have made the prices to attract and benefit buyers.* ?At 3 o'clock this afternoon in the Protes- tant Hall, Mrs. Slattery will lecture to ladies only on " The Confessional," and in the evening Mr. Slattery will address a meeting on " Why I left the Roman Catholic Priesthood." Summer Gowns and Summer Millinery, smart and practical for all occasions, at Finney, Isles, and Co.'s. Novel and ex- clusive designs and lowest prices consistent with quality, are always to 'be found at this establishment.* This evening, the Tramway -Band, assisted by Messrs. J). G. Bloomfield and T. Boast, will give another of their open-air eon certs on.the river bank at the Hamilton, commencing at S o'clock. The Sale of General Household Cood* now -being held by Chapman and Co', is unprecedented, as the prices look like the ghost of former price3.* Miss Suter, the weil-known music teacher, is arranging with M_a Elsie Hall, the brilliant young Queensland planiste, to visit Brisbane for the express purpose of giving a series of pianoforte recitals for the benefit of pianoforte teachers and students. Miss Suter has engagsd the services of Mr. John X. M'Callum to assist her with the recitals. Further" information will be dui.» advertised. To Cricket Olubä.-Extra Imperial quality green Cricket Mats, bound with green canvas, with copper eyelets and tags com- plete, nineteen yards long by two yards wide, are selling at Finney, Isles, and Co.'s at £6 10s. each. -Thl? firm have also' a good stock of green matting, two yards* wWe, at 5s. Od. .per yard,* _ 