4 LITTLE RED RIDING HOOD/ A SUCCESSFUL BEPRODUC- TION. The very large audience whieb assembled in the Cremorne Theatre last night, when Messrs Jones and Lawrence opened their three nights' season with the pantomime, 'Little Red Biding Hood,* came away perfectly satisfied that the glowing aceonnte which had been p*b lished on /all sides in regard to this, company's performances were by no mesne exaggerated. The members of the audience were throughout fully satisfied with the entertainment, and they showed their appreciation in as unmistakable manner on nnmerons occasions This was no more than the company deserved, for the reproduction . was in nearly every reBpect certainly the best that has yet been given of any piece in Ooolgardie. The management has evidently spared neither pains nor expense In the monnting ana dressing, and a truly charming effect has been tbe result- .The title does not suggest nmch, and, indeed, it may be said that, left to itself, * Little Bed Biding Hood' would not satisfy playgoers. With their characteristic foresight and knowledge of the pnbiio's tastes and wishes, Mes.rs Jones and Lawrence ^recognised this faot and made provision accordingly. Their provision has, in tuis instance, had a Splendid effect, and it xnnst be admitted that, in the piece that they are now show ing,\ they have achieved their greatest success. The company right through is a strong one, and it can scarcely be charged witt> carrying among its many members any who are not capable of taking »leading place in any combination. An extensive triticeal of the company cannot, however, be given here; but, at the same time, praise can- not Ira withheld from those who figared so prominently last night. Chief among those in the pantomime proper come Mr Albert Bellman «s Baron de Wolf and flies Lottie Moore as Little Bed Biding Hood. The former's ample proportions and robust voice enable him to act the part of 4 the bloodthirsty mon ater,' as he is described on the programme, % perfection, while, as a kind of extra, he appears in one portion -of the entertainment as Father Christmas; and in a topical song doleB out from liis traditional bag a number of articles which fit in with the expressions of his song. Miss Moore was exceedingly well placed in the name part, her appear ance being eminently suitable, her movements graceful and charming, and her whole impersonation of tbe cbara ter such as ahonld be well calculated toj enchant a fairy prince. Her vocal efforts were well leceived, which almbBt goes without saying when it is remarked that the e include Kipling's popular patriotic number, * The Abseat- Mmded Beggar.' The entertainment, peciaiiy in the second and third acts, It exceedingly laughable, the \- mirth provoking element being abund antly supplied by Messrs , "Will Farley, Clod, a working man; Guy Farley, Bossy Kate, a Ullage beauty ; Ha ry Gray, Pnok, alias the 4 Forrest' King; Ted Sutton, Devaetioo, the wolf's lieutenant; and Harry Carlton, Granny. These, in themselves, supply an entertainment which is worth the money that if charged for admission, their comical character songs, more particularly those of Messrs Carlton and button, being uproariously funny. A special attractive item, and one which drew rounds of applause from the audirace, was a graceful serpen tine dance by Miss Jessie Thornton. The dancing was weli executed, and the effect was heightened, immensely by kaleidoskopic limelight effects. Two - performers, who are worthy of speciat mention were Messrs Ted and Bert Lennon, who, in the gruesome character of ghosts of the skull end crosebone type, performed some very clever feats. Mies Ettia WilUams as Jack, Sir Frank Bfman as Wiggle Waggle, Mr Joe Cowin ae Dame Hood, Miss Amy Thornton aB Buttercup, and Miss Farley as' Zenetta all took their! parts well, aittd assisted materially in bringing abont the success of the evening. The instrumental music, which is nndet the direotfoh of MrJames Stewart, who is now so well known on the goldfields, was a prominent feature 5 of tbe evening^ and it aided TSryoonsiderably. inlielglitening the general effect. The pantomime will bereproduced here to-night and to-morrownight. o 