Newsettes. For Chronic Chest complaints Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. Is Cd. Mr. A. Dennis, of Predorickton public school, succeeds Miss Eiloon Kingsfo'rd as pupil teacher at Beachwood public school, the latter young lndy having been promoted to Port Macquane public school. The quickest way to cure a cold. Take frequent doses of PAULDING'S EUCAL YPTUS OIL. It is the best pf all family medicines. Sydney Office, 16 O'Connell Strnot. Woods' Groat Peppermint Cure for Coughs end Colds never fails, la (id. Mr. W. H. Soppott, tho representative of the Casllcmaine Brewery, Newcastle, was in Kempsey this week. His many friends were pleased to see tho popular commercial who has now entirely recovered from bis severe illness. ., - Telegraphic communication by the -Joa*V , line had not been restored when* we treat ia press. N. '8 W. defeated Qaeenaland in tt»e return football match in Sjdnpy oa~Sitarday last It is intended to hold * bazaar in aid of the Westeyan Churci at Gladstone early in August. A pu'jiic school in liou of existing jno vi- sional school', has been established at Tsylors' Arm. L&t; noun Wednesday tbe rivor at Kempsey bid fallen to -t feet and was running down rapidly. \- Stanley Howler, the N.8 W. pedestrian.on 4he 17th instant ran third in -the, CO mtJtres championakip at Paris. _ A.-E. Troth, tho px-Atiatraiian cricketer, h&s; secured his lOOth-iricbet for the present cricket season in England. J. Hellings, the N.3 W. swimmer, won the 500 yards Swimming Championship at Lon don easily in 3 min. 43 1-5 sen. The tender of J. E. Wfaeoldon, at £28 S», has been accepted for erection of verandah and repairs at Unkya Creek school. Dr. W. A. Kelly is shortly leaving .the Bellinger for Wingbam, where he will succeed to the practice of Dr. Bray. By reference to our business columns it will be seen that tbe Bellinger J^D. Races hare been postponed to October IbI. Tbe people's favourite brand of EUCAL YPTUS OIL is PAULDINGS. Its purity is guaranteed. Sydney Office, 16 O'Connell Street. At the South Grattoa J, O. Bsces latit Wednesday Baden-Powell won the principal event, John Norton being second, Theodora third. Bev. W. H. Marshall, of the. Nambucca, has been gazetted for the celebration of marriages as a Minister of the Presbyterian Church oE N.8.W. We would call the attention of farmers, who purpose planting potatoes, to the ad vertisement of Messrs. Foley Bros, in another part of the paper. Lieut-Gen. Sir F. W. Grenfell, formerly Sirdar of Egypt, and now Governor of Malta, has been appointed commsnder-in-chief of the British forces in China. Cyclists and athletee should always carry a supply of PAULDING'S EUCALYPTUS OIL. It is useful in every emergency. Sydney Office, 16 O'Connell Street. Tbe overland mail due in Kempsey 1 80 p.m. Tuesday, arrived at 10 p.m., having been delayed owing to blocks on the road duo to fallen treeB, branches, &c.;, and flooded creeks. A large quantity of debris came down with the recent fresh, and there was every appearance of the creeks and tributaries of the river having boon well cleared out of rubbish. On Thursday last a yonng man named Angus Hall accidentally shot himself in the hand while carelessly handling a revolver. The bullet lodged among the sinews and was extracted by Dr. Casement. Mr. J. J. Farrell, who has just taken charge of Eainbow Beach public school, was entertained by his BeUingen friends at sooial gatherings at Bonville and Bellinger Heads prior to bis leaving for the Macleay. Useful 3jspobmation. ipu pomaii b«m AeqjeuiSiitn9i mm ipma; Ja?s[g jnoi ! uoi)patqo oa eaeq j 'Jh'p-o} lajog 8,3soj£ $v dn ^nd s,?oi *«ep oiuaijif WE HAVE MOVED inio ^ convenient premises at 16 O'Connell Street, Sydney. Stocks of our world famed EUCALYPTUS OIL and well known proprietaries may be obtained on application. F. H. FAULD The half-yearly meeting of the Commercial Banking Go. of Sydney was held on Friday, Sir Edward Knox presided. The directors recommended the payment of a dividend for for the half-year at tbe rate of 10 per cent per annum. Mr. Wheatoc, formerly of Woodford Bale Public School, succeeds Mr. Hayter at Bowra Public School. On the evening prior to their departure from the Clarence, Mr. and Mrs. Wheaton were entertained by their friends at Woodford Dale at a surprise party. Great Caesar's Ghost I poor wasted frame, That once fall vigour did posses*, Can't be a man in else bat name, His congh has brought him snoh distress. ine unttertalser Bimles to tntnk Next winter's cold he'll not endure. Oh ! ne'er say die, bnt take a drink Of W. E. Woods' Great Peppermint Cnre. Mr. O. O. Dangar will sell on Saturday next — Camelias, roeep, fuchsias, waratabs, Christmas trees, carnations, gardenias, also ' dahlias, Cannas, tuberoses, gladiolias, in* eluding Parramatta fruit trees and a choice collection of orange trees, A very successful dance was held at the Theatre Boysl, last Monday evening, when at the invitation of Mr. and Mrs. T. Law son, about 35 couples were present- to cele brate the birthday of Miss Bita Lawson. Dancing was kept up till 1 a.m. Tuesday, and a moet enjoyable time spent. Messrs. Foley Bros., Ltd., quote choicest brands of butter in good demand, other brands neglected, creamery lOJd to lid, factory 10d to lOJd ; eggs, scarce and in good demand at 1b Id to Is 3d ; maizB, very firm 2s 7d, fairly good supply, probable advance next month, advise farmers sending small consignments regularly ; seed potatoes £3 15s a ton. Fish last week were very abundant at the Bellinger and Nambucca Heads. At the latter place Messrs. J. W. Neil, of Kempsey, witb Mr. P. Deery, of Sydney, ^managed to hook about 40 sebnapper in a few hours, whilBt other parties fisbinj; were equally successful, it being estimated that fully 500 sebnapper and other fish were hooked in one day. Sad Heaut that nevee sejoioes, Maeia I ?o»\& ejequ£u8 o3 o; jooj « bis noj£ -aoda £[si uoa noi' esnoq eq; e_r M00H 'Mousj no£ $1 5ju«p $,uott j 'ejtimtti « Ut T[8» p[riO3 I *}«qi MBUq J f:8(JJ0O_K[ . wojj lunjj snjj (je3 !jou. pjp noi 'mif 