THE LORDS OF THE SOIL. — _ ? A ? : ? ?.. B^ The FlankurI Last week we saw how the Lords of the Soil made . vrar. This week we will learn how they make peace— in that, to a great extent, unknown land, New Guinea. According to the Rev. Mr. Fellows, a rery serious tribal war has raged up there of late at a placed called Kiriwina.; and after heavy fight ing the matter of sealing the blissful bonds of peace fell to the lot of the surviving rival chiefs, Taolu and Maliasi. A clear space being formed in front of the latter chieftain's sheet^o'-bark palaces, all the warriors crowded round while the dusky civilians stood at a respectful distance, probably humming something equivalent to our own musical monstro sity, 'Soldiers of the Queen.' The chiefs re mained apart and opposite each other, and had struck -their foreheads with the palms of their hands; that being the New Guinea way of declar ing/they were friends, and would protect each other 1 from all danger. o o o Previous to this a gorgeous procession had been marshalled by the ' Ned Farrell,' or ' Grand Pro cession Organizer,' of the place, and a most atrocious Foo Poo band blasted but national music fearful enough to split the hearts of the toughest trees around. A band of warriora took the lead, headed by a Sorcerer, whose head-dress alone was a perfect nightmare in the way of tonsorial art. This ridiculous old reprobate professed to clear all evil spirits off the track, and he ought to have been suc cessful, too, for no respectable ghost would ba seen -within a mile of him, even though it held its nose and shut its eyes, and was liberally sprinkled with disinfectants also. The Woman's Rights racket has evidently not reached New Guinea yet, for about twenty of the sturdiest women available were pressed into the service as porters, and compelled to carry on their not exactly 'fair heads ' the appeasing gifts for the 'Kibilula,' or peace meeting. o oo Mr. Fellows tells us the Kabilula proceedings ?were opened by Taolu rushing into the ring and carrying aloft a valuable armlet which he laid on the ground, at the same time crying out in a loud voice: 'Kam lula, Moliasi' — 'Thy atonementf Moliasi.' He immediately turned round and retired, and the armlet was instantly snatched up and handed in by one of Moliasi's men. Again and again. Taolu repeated this performance, each time bringing only one 'vaigua' (article of wealth), and calling out the n8m? of the chief to whom he was giving it as he laid it down. Some of his friends also did the same. In this way between thirty and forty different ' vaigua,' consisting of armlets, old stone tomahawks, Btrings and neck laces of native money, were presented and received, o o o Then Taolu ran in and made a speech to Moliasi and his people, simulated furious passion as he sprang from side to side of the circle, and swung his arms about in energetic gestures. He ad dresBed them as ' Bodagua' (my younger brothers), and said, ' I am weak to- day through the death of my elder brother. The thin branches of a tree are more easily broken by a big wind then the thick stem. I am but a branch, my elder brother was the strong stem. Had he been alive to-day he would have brought more 'vaigua' than you have men. But he is dead, and his 'vaigua' remains. I have brought you my own ' vaigua/ as your - lula' ; let that suffice. We are living in the bush, permit us to return to our villages. Put away your spears and let us work at our gardens, that there may be plenty of food for ourselves and our families. , o o o All things considered, the New Guinea Peace Conference was a hundred times more impressive than was the dull, dreary, and utterly useless Peace ' pow-wow' held by the Great Powers of Europe, and I will venture to predict that the Bet tling up after the Transvaal lighting will not be half so dignified either. When Cronje yielded to Lord Roberts the other day the scene was about on a level with that of an old-time bushranger sur rendering to an Inspector of Police. Cronje rode up to the front of Lord Roberts' house, dismounted, and stood sulkily for a few moments as though sorry he had called. Then Roberts, with the true feeling of a brave soldier and a courteous gentle man, made the first advance, took the rough hand of the sturdy Boer chief, shook it warmly, and spoke words of good cheer. Then the pair Bat in the porch, Roberts talking fairly but firmly on the important subject of ' unconditional surrender,'' while the Boer grunted occasionally, and spat ' all over the shop ' fanciful figures that would have made the soul of ' Sam Slick' turn green with envy. It was a practical and and decisive peace conference, but there was no more grandeur about it than one would find at the wake of a dead Chow. o o o Savage3 always throw an air of savage grandeur and impressiveness over such meetings, however, but that is only natural, for their chamber of meet ing is archel in the glorious azure dome of Heaven, its furniture is the maj estic forest and the bright green sward with dew laden flowers for its orna ments, and the woodbirds supplying appropriate music for the glad occasion. The darkies are sincere to a very great extent also ; for being in deadly earnest at the beginning of the strife, they are anxious to be equally friendly at its close. War 13 fit for savage nations only, and the sooner it is left wholly to them the better it will be for the world in general. ooo Personally, I do not love tobacco. Very many years ago— many more years than it is invigorating to remember now, I indulged in one good smoke in Bathurst, and, to put the matter poetically, its bright blaze haunts me still. Being a firm baliever in the principle of doing things thoroughly or not at all, even at that early age, I bought a well-soaked cutty pipe from an old smoker, a pipe from which you could fairly squeeze the nicotine as you could water from a sponge (if you squeezed it very .hard) ; a new knife, a fig of tobacco, and a nsw box of wax vesoas to ' light up' — the lot being the outcome of a half-crown which I won for being the 'model good boy' of the dis trict — or something of that sort. Seated on the cool green sward with my back up against the then unfenced wall of All Saints' Church in the Bathurst square, and for about 20 minutes, I enjoyed a smoke that the Sultan of Constantinople might have envied — if he had been an ass, as I was The moment I stood up to go home the church began to dance the 'Rocky Road to Dublin' all round the square with my head for a partner, and how I got home after that is a mystery to the present day. I have never attempted to smoke since, but still I am liberal-minded enough to own up that in the case of mo3t men smoking does posi tive good, as it soothes the nerves and enables them to bear life's ills with b scorning composure. The New Guinea and almost all other savage rejoicings and other public events begin and end with smok ing; the 'pipe of peace' of the American Indian being of world-wide renown, borne say the pipe of ordinary usage is a preventive of the] plague, but of the two I fancy that— bearing my Bathurst ex perience in mind— I would prefer the -'Bubonic' to the 'baccy.' 