BOGUS INQUIRY. i;y.\ - v — p ;/t> tke favorite. devices o£ a fehgc veriiment, when public at- Ifon drawn to some corrupt Ihc. :-i 'f tbfl odours it emits. hpoint a "select" Committee cold a sort of autopsy oil the Br'and report the result of their laries to Parliament. The word uect" is very happy and appro- d-as applied to such commit- and whoever the original or of it may be, undoubtedly Iras an "unconscious humorist of I first ' order. These " select " n'mittees are invariably composed parliamentarians ; that is to say, hp embers who have not merely it-ical but business and social k ormnon.tinof thfvm with t.hfi listry of the day. It is notorious the majority composing some hese select committees have, often tk mere Ministerial creatures ly to hush up any scandal, sup- fes any evidence, or find any diet that their masters might let. Being dependent on the ng faction for their means, of Iinood aB well as for their political ttence, infidelity to public in ks was the natural consequence Beir situation. Indeed, even ators> financially and politi- y independent of the Ministry, f incapable of carrying out a H and impartial inquiry into the ftdministration of the Govern- tj For even if politically hos- and coxntnercially free to act as b think nt, the personal attach? L, which association cements Rggt" men in a small cqainiunity fessarily s\yay. th judgment, and rent an invS&llgalion; conducted, kuch persons from beiug of that hough and far-reaching character ntial to the discovery of the ble truth, ; B.a pet 'committee Unpointed five; :: gate the frauds committed Khe x'erth tie Company, which B 'first exposed in The Sun, is a Pfh point. The composition of U committee renders the forecast fey safe that its investigation n be incomplete and its verdict Lyesby of that which any really hpetenfc and independent body of t would return. We find but man on this committee of five bom no obvious exception can ik'en on the score of ability to pate the facts, or in regard to BTcial dependence on or com- B»ial association with the; Govern- K ring. Its collective capacity Ike estimated by a,glanee at the H. 0f the individuals composing ptLgil YUUIC liiutiojr auu B be roughly appraised by B aS a specimen the chairman fPftas been chosen. This Mr. _„ is closely related to -one of Six Families, apart from which 1 political trail has of late been Kr erratic. It will have been TCa that he disfranchised his ituents during the recent no- fcence divisions by " pairing " Htbe absentee Paris Exhibition Raissioncr Venn, of love-letter Kfcty. Had Mr. Ewing been a Wkne anti-Government member, Bould have refused to divest cf 0f his legislative rights, be- H Mr Yenn was bent on en joy- Be deH,ehts of the French capital fe o"'; it. "Pairing" is quite ... Commodate amember at for a-few weeks for any Hbie cause; but this man Venn, nature of his commission, put himself outside the scope of this legislative rule. And, having lent himself to Fiich a proceeding, Mr. Ewing cannot complain if his bona- fides as an Oppositionist are questioned. . Another and no less suspicious circumstance is that Mr. Ewing went out of his way to at tempt a vindication of the Attorney- General for permitting the Ice Company directors to escape prose cution. That piece of perfidy quite settles the question of his fitness to direct this "select" committee to find a " select " verdict later, on. m m ' Coming to the remaining mem bers, the reader will observe the names of two notorious Government tools. TheBe are Messrs. Monger and Quinlan. The former has only just squeezed through the insolvent court, retaining his legislative seat meanwhile by a species of juggling and Constitution - stretching that must cause the ghost of Sir Erskine May to roam uneasily about. Amonsrst the defrauding directors are many of his political " pals " and social associates. Does anybody ex pect that the genial little "Fred." Monger will ask any , un pleasant questions ? Is it to. be supposed that he will not strive his utmost to throw the cloak of charity over the delinquencies of his club- fellows, political patrons, and friends who may be relied on to back bills during a financial winter? Vain questions ! Mr. Timothy Quinlan, proud possessor of some Tiberside order of knighthood and the pocket borough of Toodyay, is a man of a somewhat different calibre certainly. His personal character stands high, and he is financially independent of any coterie. But his political lean ings and social likings disqualify him quite as effectually . as any other member of this "selected" committee for conducting aA inves tigation which will command publie confidence. His inclusion would have been justified had other mem bers of the committee been strong, capable and independent. He would have given it a tone of respectability even if he added nothing to the ex- haustiveness of its searchings or to the wisdom and justice of its con clusions » But any doubt as to the farcical, composition, of this committee is finally disposed of by the " selec tion" made from the goldfields' members. The passing over of a masterful man like Mr. Vosper for the diminutive political accident who . represents Menzies, leaves no room for hoping that anything good Vriil come ©lit of this committee. Mr. Yosper's appointment would have been a guarantee of thorough ness, atr any rate. His substitute , can be summed up in a sentence. Originally a servile follower of the Government, Mr. Gregory ratted to the Opposition under circumstances which should justify his new friends in regarding him, as they do, with much suspicion. Except on the ground that the Government deli berately intend the inquiry to be abortive, his presence- on the com mittee is as -unaccountable as that of the fly in amber. His contribu tion. so, far tpwards the elucidation of the robbery, of the railways., has been a series of questions designed to deprive The Sun of the credit of the first exposure. That a member of the committee should indulge in such imbecility is additional evidence -of. a design to hush up this scandal and allow,. the chief culprits to go scot free.; -The proper authority to unmaBk this conspiracy to plunder the publio treasury is a royal .commission com posed of a railway traffic expert, a capable lawyer, and. two or three business men independent of and dissociated from any Berth clique. Such a body would, get quickly on the track of the thieves and their accomplices ; but this evidently is exactly the result which the " select " committee has -been .de-1 vised to impede if not to render wholly impossible. 