THREE LITTLE MAIDS. BY ETHEL TURNER. (Mrs. H. R. Curlewis.) PART I.—PLAY DAYS. CHAPTER IX.—TRAVELS IN FOREIGN" COUNTRIES. Surely this was a great step Mrs. Conway had decided, almost by herself, upon taking? To cut herself adrift from friends and relatives, to leave this land of her birth, and her father's and children's births, to cross those thousands and thousands of miles of sea and to start life entirely afresh in some strange country, a solitary woman with 'three little children depending upon her for their very bread. Sometimes her heart grew fadnt at the thought of the iSimensity of her responsibilities. Then to strengthen; herself she would sum up the reasons that urged her 'to take such a step. \ Phyl's increasing delicacy had made the doctor look very grave. During the last illness of Mr. Conway, and while death actually hovered about the place, he had seen the uselesaaess of suggesting any change for 'tiie frail little, girl. But now thai all was over, and the mother was desolately free, he 'told her, gently enough, but with no hesitation, that if she remained in England she would never rear her eldest daughter. Every winter found the chest more and more weak and exposed -to the inclement weather. The slight colds that Dolly a'liJ Weenie caught and flung off so easily wer each of them ia Phyl's case a menacing dancer. > Mis. Conway contended, day after <3' with the problem. Jf she were rich she could fly off with her darling at the approach of winter to Southern France or the warm slopes of Italy. But how could a widow, almost destitute, contend against so fierc-e and relentless a foe as the English climate? When all business affairs, had b°en wound up and all legalities finished with, she found there remained to her nothing in the world but the four hundred pounds left of Phyl's and Dolly's little' fortune. She was pondering on ; tho possibility of eking out an existence on that in some cheap Frenc-h village, when the treacherous November wind cauglrt the child again, and made the doctor more ard more convinced that the young life would not flicker very much longer unless some radical change -were wrought. "The only hope I can hold out to you, Mrs. Conway." he said at last, "is 'that you should take the little girl for a long sea voyage. And keep her away for all time from these rile winters." Mrs. Conway explained her straitened means, and how four hundred was the whole of her worldly wealth. •Well, many ....—.. would be - clad — of - thai amount." he said, -thoughtfully, "of course vou will have to work "for your children, 1Wr thait—" he - looked - - at her quiet, rcsolute face and her mouth's firm lines—"I know you are prepared for. Has Australia ever swgested Jtself to vou?"' ^mW.^IOT wayga!?ped a "little at- the bold ness of the idea; but tSie doctor bad so much to say in favour of tihe new laud, the chances for work there, the climate, the voyage that would give Phyl a new lease of life. t3i.i,t w'hen he went away she sat thinking, thinking for hours, She did not ask manv people's advice; the tlie friend and lawyer of the family, her brother,, and one or two other relatives and friends, came to the ouiet Warwickshire home and went into the matter gravely with her. No one acta ally advised against it since poor Phyllida's life seemed at stake, but no one was very sanguine. Still, there seemed no other tiling on earth to be done, and in one more week Mrs. Conway had cathercd up her courage and finally decided upon the step. It took quite a long time -that first night o make the children's queer little heads realize all that the wonderful statement meant. Then Weeniie -was the only one ho chattered. Phyl and Dolly, with eyes lustrous? with excitement, only gazed wt each other silently wlhiile the splendid thing rewived in tlbeir iwwds. "Just like the Swiss Family Wobanson." olly said at last in a low. odd voice. "Oh, Phyl, don't you hope we'll be wecked?"' "'Oh thank you, Dorothy; hut I think we'll ask in be excused luxuries like that," said Mrs. Conwav. "I thought, you objected so strongly a week asro to starving to death Where would ue be the difference?'' | ™ 'T'l'rr. T 'p "Oh! Dolly said ot doun>e I didn t mean I hoped we sot dAVOun(-J. ii3t wecked on a dear little island where there. wtn'o oo^fmut? and tlnncs. | Bill Mrs. Comply a.sked to be spaied even tbnt •small diversion. . . J ' I only wislii we cou.d gn over in a tram, , she slid ruefully for she had an unconquer-: able horror of the sea, though tue small i ones never knew it. | y J hen she started up to go back to the letters and other work that, pressed BO, iiCAvuy. I "It is n'cavly 0." she said; "all of yon run to bed at once. l>ut T suppose you! d would never go to sleep without a little; more talk. Phyl, if I leave you mj watch, | will you ir.ake Weenie wrap up and get mto: my bed at lO. viiid go to sleep yourselves—j e faithfully —•' now o Piiyl promised to ssnd Weenie off. I "And I'll shut my eyes ihiaid," hIh? said: "but I shall never/go to sleep again—shall you. Dolly?" "Never," said Dolly with a deep breath. Once in bed they reviewed the situation from every jwssible—and impossible-7-.-CJudpoint. They had to picture 'the and the idea of themselves, not the personages of romancc they so often were, but their ordinary eveiy-dxy selves, sailing and sailing away over blue waters to a land where the sun shone always. They had to consider what dolls, books, and clothes they wou'd take: they had tn wonder what cousin this and Alice and Nellie would think. They had to giggle quietly at the idea of going to sleep in bunk beds, one on top of each other, and to shudder pleasurably at 'the thought of storms, and whales, ani ships on file, water-spouts, and similar dangers that they doubted not lay in wait for those who went to the sea in ships. They had to piece together their meagre information of that far-away country of the sun, and make a tangible place of it. But so difficult this proved, Dolly slipped on her blue felt slippers and bright red dressing-gown and stole down the landiug'to the small book-room, where were stored the atlases and the "'Book of Travels in Foreign Countries." The only atlas she could find, however, in the hurry was an American one her father had often laughed at, and had wondered in what way lie had come possessed of it. It began with a very large and complete map of North America; then followed one of South America, then there aame a succession of twenty or thirty pages of the various States, even some of the smallest, least important ones, with all the most insignificant towns and villages carefully marked. 1 Somewhere near the end of the book the compiler seemed to recollect there was a little continent called Europe, and he struck in a bald map of it, with the British Islands lurking indistinctly to the west. Asia and Africa, too, he seemed to include incidentally, but Australia had been quite beneath his notice, and only occurred as an almost - unmarked island in the last map of all, Oceana. Hie little "iris were not much wiser after a study of this remarkable work; so tbev plnnged in'to "Travels in Foreign Countries" in the thirstiest way, quite heedless that the edition was one of' the eaflv fifties, and had been prized by their father chiefly for that fact. Strange things they leameti fiom it; the natives were chocolate-coloured, and fought with boomerangs: bushrangers troubled the country greatly; these were white outlaws, they found, who hid in the bush and then made raids on the stations. "You'd hardly think they'd be civilized enough there for railways, would vou?" Phyl remarked, by the way. Gold min^s it seemed were plentiful; tlie children paused to- dilate on how pleasant a thing it would be, when money was running short, to go outside the thatched hut—they had agreed they would build this themselves, with perhaps a little aid from some friendly native—and dig with a "tomahawk" for a few minutes, till a nugget or two was unearthed. Sheep, too, seemed numerous—also snakes and strange-looking birds called emus; an unearthly-looking thing, with an unearthly name—omithorincus paradoxus, or the duck-billed platypus; a strange unfinishedlooking beaut with two long lees at the hack, the rudiments of two other Jigs at the •front, and half way down its great length a pouch containing a wee edition of itself nibbling a bit of grass, "kangaroo or wallaby" said the note underneath,—"a harmless animal foi- all its looks; indeed, it is frequently kept by squatters' children for a yet just as English children keep cats." "How would you like chat for a pet, instead of Old Pussy Long Tail, Weenie?" said Phyl, displaying it. But Weenie was so wofullv tired and ex-' cited and unhinged she burst into frightcner tears, and declai-;d her intention of hiding in the cellar instead of going on the ship. The distraction brought Phyl back to England and remembrance again. She put a hasty hand out for the watch, and her horrified eyes found the hands at a quarter to eleven. "It was only half-past nine when I looked last," she gasped, "and it was only about ten minutes ago." "P—waps the hour-hand had slipped down," suggested Dolly anxiously. Phyl leaned over the table and blew the light out hastily. "For goodness sake let's say our prayers at onc-e,"" she said. "What will mother"say when we tell her? Weenie, kneel up here quickly, pet, and then run off to your own bed." Weenie tumbled up wearily on the pillow. "Bless ms and everybody, God, and let me find my sreepenee again; that's all, pleas?, Phyl." Dolly saw her into the other room, tucked the clothes round her and left her asleep before she could cross back again and brgin her own devotions. Strange prayers these small girls prayed. The-y had a regular formula, in which '"Our Father" came first and made them feel reverence, j-itt also {car, for the allpowerful God. Then they said the "Gentle Jesus" of their younger days, and loved with a warm, living !ovs -that tender Shepherd. who "In the Kingdom of liis grace,' gives a li'tile child a place." And then came praytrs begging for blessings individually for a number of relations and friends 111 an ascending order of affection. As, for instance—"Bless Jane and Harriet lor Hay'at) and cook and old John, bless dear cousins Edith and Mary and Maurice and dtar iittle eousin Annie, aud let poor Alicc Partridge's back get better soon. Bless dear Auk Margaret aud dearest Aunt Ella, and—bless Aunt Aune (the hon-dit young tongues couid not sav dear to this severe, unbending sister of Sir. Conway's). Bless dariing, darling little Weenie, and Dolly (or Phyl). Bless darling, darling, precious, sweat little mother, and make lier quite well and strong on earth and. very happy." (They added the "on earth,'' i'or tfiey knew alai! that, like both the fathers they had lost, she might be "well and strong" and yet not be on earth). And such was their horror now of death and .lie pain for the ones left behind. "And prav, dear Lord," they added, sometimes with tt-=nibling lips, "don't let any of us die by ourselves, but let us all fail dead together." A petit-ion or two then came of a purely private nature, for Christ was a tender Father to the hi, and they put up their wants ;in perfect iditii, however trivial they were. "Oil, please," Do.ly would pray, "if it is not wrong to ask. dear Jesus, will you let me sav my R's quite s.cwaiglit like everybody says' them." This was her keenest trouble. "Let me," was Phyl's petition at one time, "have quite straight hair, dear God; and a nose like Clara Cameron's. And let us be good to mamma, and prow up very quickly, and be able to do plenty of work to help lier." Such long prayers Phyl used to say; the two always knelt at the same time bv the side o£ their bed, and began together, but l.'olh- hud aJivays finished first. She used to glance sideways at Phyl and wish" she, too could think of so many things to say. And bent over her pale hands so long Dolly's respect for her used to increase almost nightly. She used to try and tiy herself to think of other tilings to add to keep her prajing just as long as her sister, but after many v.iin efforts gave it u>p, and added instead at the very end of all hea- prayers—"And please, dear Jesu.s. let me have said cverrth'ng Phyl has said." To-nig!ht when prayers were finished and they lay down with their arms around each other as usu.il they could not get to deep, for thoir broken promise pressed so heavilv their consciences they felt they coulii Inot wait until morning bo" confess to their i ' mother. Sc. after a time of silent tossing and sighs they would not infringe further j Dollv slipped out of bed and crept! downstairs) this time forgetful of tihe warm! dressing-go-wn ana and g.iv gav blue shoes." "Mamma," she whispered, creeping like a white ghost across the room where her mother sat surrounded with papers, "we forgot, we're very sowy, we've bwoken our pwomise.*' llrs. Conway's colour had flown at the soft footsteps and the sudden voice. But the forgiveness was given very soon, for she remerruhered being a child herseJf. and had not forgotten how mysteriously time used then to fly away. . She wrapped her daugh- ter lound in a big shawl. "Are you sleepy' 1 she =,iid. j Dolly's wide eyes and eager lips gave j demal._ "I want one of my girlies to-night," the] oor mother said, and her lips trembled so P„ d }lcr eve]a£hes were so wet, Dolly knew , ^ 'Jonelv and grieving and anxious J, le , vas So they sat C11 ^e sofa, and had jj u talk and a cuddle, and they kissed I h ot!iel. ofteu, and said low, tender! thiniis to cach other just as lovers might ! , - d ^ the ache in the mother's f 4 d away. <.p h j have gone to g] eep without ou » Mrs. Conway said at last—"I think musl go noWj sweetheart; 1 will come \- too mvself, when I have put these papers , iU- av jj^j Do]]v petiti 0ned to stav till that was olie all(i "watched with unweary eyes till the ]itter ]j ad a|l go. ne. T!len <\- mama " she said suddenly, and it uot relevant to anything that had been aid tl)at evenj ug, or "indeed for days, but nl M a waj]t t]iat prei;sed sorely at jiei" heart for two months, "shall we have new dresses to go to Australia in?" Mrs. Conwav smiled. "I think it highly probable they will be necessary," she said: "I saw Phyl's elbow nearly through her housefrock this morning." ""'Oh, mama!"—and the child rushed and buried her face on her mother's arm again —"Oh, mania, need 1 take my grey one? The mother was much surprised. "That pretty little frock," she said; "it is ihe nicest you have, dear, and not half worn out, is it?" "N—no," said Dolly, but a painful red was in her cheeks. Oh, please, please, mama, don't let me take it—oh, couldn't you give it away now, I've had it for long enough, and long enough, oh, please, mama?" "But what is the matter with it that you dislike it so?" said Mrs. Conway, puzzled. ^ Dolly's voice was very low. "It isn t biack," she said. "But it has a black sash, and black trimmings," said Mrs. Conway. "Phvl's is all black," Dolly whispered. "But what of that, my little girl?" Dolly's head pressed closer. "'It seems as if I don't care as much as Phyl," she whispered, and one tear fell right over her goldbrown lashes and down her cheek. Then the mother understood the frequent pain she had unknowingly caused the child by a small economy she had practised when the mourning was made. Dolly had had a grey frock trimmed with blue, and at the time of Mr. Conway's death it was almost new. Phyl's blue and crimson And brown frocks had all been laid aside and also Dolly's other coloured ones. But the grey one the mother had told the dressmaker to take the blue from, and substitute black, and it would make a useful housefrock. Years after, when Dolly looked back to her childish days, that trouble was clearest remembered of all. But she had said nothing then, for the mother bad said it would "save a little." But to contemplate taking to Australia with her broke down her fortitude, and for the firsL time Mrs. Conway understood hat a real grief it had been. "To morrow we will send it to Mrs. Jones for her little girl," she said; "why didn't you tell me before, darling?'' ; But Dolly only clung closer and spoke no word, and they went to bed together. CHAPTER X—THE LAST CHRIST- MAS IN ENGLAND. In after days the last month spent in England seemed like a dream to the children. There -was a fortnight during which packing-cases and new 'flat; cabin-boxes came to the house and were filled with a multitudinous collection of things. When all the stacks' of raiments, little and big, were readv, Mrs. Conwav went in and out of the di&erent; rooms, the little girls at her heels, fingering an ornament here she felt she must take, a book there, locking with moist eyes at a picture that had looked down on "her most of her life. Yet she did not wish to cumber herself with unnecessary luggage, so the selection had to be a small one. There were two tall silver candlesticks, snuffer-dish, and snuffers she could not leave behind. "My mother gave them to me when I was married, and said I was to give them to my eldest daughter when she married," she said, "for her mother had given them to her, and before that her mother had given them to her." "Oh, of course you must take them," said Phyl, and felt added dignity that she had one of her wedding presents before her. "The cake-basket is not quite so old; but that shall be for Dolly," the mother said, and lilted up tbe silver basket Dolly had always admired ardently. There were tears in Weenie's voice. "When I gets married," she said "what's you got for me?" Mrs. Conway found a cream-jug with a handsome handle. "Did dranma's dranma's have it?" was Weenie's critical question. "Yes," said Mrs. Conway. "'"Zen I won't have it," said Miss Weenie. "Don't want nasty old fings for my wesing present. Wan't nicey new fings." So the mother found' a butter-dish that possessed the necessary qualification, and, to make the gift: larger, a silver folding fruit-knife that Mrs. Conway bad always used was added to it. "Now, I have wedding presents for you all," she said; "so no more silver, except spoons and forks. Only a few books lo go," she said, "just one small.boxful. They might choose twelve each, and she herself would select the rest. A whole day flew, of course, in the choosing, and then the stacks carried into the big bedroom for packing were frequently aisaiTanged for some change to be made, so hard was the decision. Amongst those finally packed were "The Wide, Wide World," a little brown, shabby voium-.- that was Phvl's chiefest treasure, and the first book she had possessed, "Little Women," "Alice in Wonderland,'' and "In the Looking-glass," "Ivanhoe." "Anderson's Fairy Tales," "'Grimm's Fairy Tales," two or three other bnoks^of fairy tales, "Robinsou Crusoe," "Reacting with tlie ^Poets, "' "Jessica's First Prayer," Macaulay s "Lays cf Rome," "The Swiss Family Robinson," "The Lamplighter," "Misunderstood," "Uncle Tom's Cabin," "The Scottish Chiefs," "Tlie Arabian Night!;," an annual or two, "Little Wideawake," which was Dolly's first book, and a volume or two of "Sunshine." Tlie stack of dull-covered lesson-books was a small one,"and such was the mother's preoeennation she did not notice. There was "Magnall's Questions" and "Stepping Stones," 'books so heartily hated, their sense of duty was too keen to leave thc.ii behind. There was "Mary's Grammar," that once they bad been attached to by tlie seeming innocence of its stories, but- that on further acquaintance they mistrusted entirely, as being a species of powder in jam. There was "Butter's Spehing-book," and a blue geography in the question-andanswer form. Also a very thin atlas, and the one of the two table- books they possessed that did not contain "weights and measures." The days leapt along; the last boxes were corded. AU good-byes to friends bad been said. "Yesterday was Monday," Phyl said once in surprise, "and now to-day's Saturday!" and even the mother agreed with her. Then came the final move. The boxes went early, then breakfast came—a strange meal, eaten without a table- cloth, and with cups and plates that no longer belonged to them—brealaast with a world grey to blackness out-of-doors, and within a fire that refused to burn up so early, alnd gas that flickered as if to help the melancholv effect. Then a four-wheeled cab for the long_ drive to the station; the backward, feaiful glance of the three at the old, quiet, dull-coloured house, and Harriet standing waving there, red-eyed, 'then the forwaid, eager one at the thought of the life sstretch. A long journey in the express train to London. Phvl had learned its rate was sixty miles an hour, and was staggered by the announcement, for ordinary trains she found ran only thirty to forty. "We'll have to catch hold of somethin \- - - - - and choked, I expect. All three were somewhat disapnointed to find none of these things happened, and that the locomotion seemed very little different from that, to which they had been accustomed on their visits to the seaside. The roar and lights of a great station, where it seemed one-half of the world was rushing to catch trains, and the other half had come to see them off and wave goodbye. Then a stuffy big cab again. One night in the big, quiet hotel, where the elder little maids had stayed once before in wealthier days on a visit to the i,^-, — /— ' Sf^-'^P'"-^1.the hotel that ,seemed so fas- ^.^em th^ had pmk wth sham ^ e > and told how w j' en J t y as , ssrmo , 1 !« M" 1 ? =i ud , s ! le , couldn't understand, she couldn' t help thinking how lovely the Church would be to plav -hotel' in." And Phyl, equally pink, had confessed also to imagining she was the boy chalking the number of each bedroom on the boots outside. "If the pews hadn't had numbers on hke those bedrooms, I shouldn't have thought of it," she added excusingly. Brealaast at tbe big hotel, a white world just becoming soiled and smirched outside, A dignified waiter behind the chairs of the three little maids. "Devilled kidneys, chops, and tomato sauce ,York ham, eggs, aux Champignons, or fried soles?" he says rapidly to Dolly. Dolly cives a slight gasp. It has been the unalterable rule of her life to let Phyl decide questions like these. Once even when she and Phyl were invited out to tea and she was asked first what she would have she grew red and hesitated, and finally said in a very shy whisper, "I'll wait ai^d see what Phyl has, please." "Devilled kidneys, chops, and tomato sauce, York eggs," begins the man again. "Fried soles," says Phyl, who had deliberated thoughtfully. "Fried soles," says Dolly, relievedly." "Fried soles, an egg, an' chop, an' devilly," says Weenie. But after breakfast the mother goes off to find a lodging much less expensive for the last ten days. To parts nearer the East-End then they go in an omnibus to a tall shabby house that says "Apartments," and stands in a row of others in a long, quiet, shabby street. It is not very far away from the Docks, a most necessary qualification, for every day now they all go to look oyer the great ships that lean against the black wharfs as if resting before they fight their way over the seas again. Mrs. Coraway had fancied that bieingpoor people now they could go with the poor third-class across 'those seas, and so save many pounds out of those few hundreds of hers. But when she sees it, and the motley crowd of natioijalities assembled there on a departing boat, she shrinks from such a step. The shipping agent she has approached is kindly interested in the young widow and her little girls. ' He fails li it is impossible for her to contemplate it. She must go second-class; but he will stretch a point, and imagine Weenie is '•two years younger ibam she is—in fact, he iriiI allow the three children to go on one adult ticket. "But I isn't two years younger than 1" ," Weenie says, agitatedly. Her sharp ears have heard the conversation, and she ftars she is >to be deprived of some of her rights. "Yes you arer" says the gentleman, solemnly. "You are only two, and a very fine iit ! :le girl for your age." And be writes out the necessary papers. The fortnight shortens in; in three days it will be Christmas; in seven days they sail. They go to see some inexpensive jlits — the Crvstal and Alexandria Palaces, the Zoo, Madame Tussand's, the Polytechnic, where the marvellous divingbell remains in their memories for long after. Christmas Day. The landlady has intimated to all her boarders that she expects them to dine out in respect for that dav, and allow her some rest. Mrs. Conway and the 'children muffle up to their eyes. All that can be seen of Phyl are two excited blue eyes and the curl or two that peep from under the seal-oap. Outside there is no snow, only a black drift here and there. A heavy yellow fog obscures everything. Once Weenie strays, and is quite lost for the space of three 7iiinutes, during which the greatest excitemoat and anxiety prevail: finally she is found again, weeping bitterly not six feet away. After that they all hold each other carefully, amd walk four abreast, not a difficult" thing, for most of the world is cosily indoors to-day. They go to St. Paul's and hear the Christmas anthem. The great solemn place is mot a quarter full: the air bangs chill and strange; the light is dim in the faraway aisles and pews, but near the altar gas is burning. When the great organ rolls vibratingly through all the place, and the far-off voices of the choristers rise to the huge doi: roof and die away, Phyl amd Dolly grip each other's hands very 'lightly, tli^ir throats swell, and they badly want to cry, though why they have no idea. But Weenie sniggers during most of the service. 101 she has put one hassock on top of another, and, standing on the erection, finds she is as tall as her mother, and able to see everywhere. "These hassocks got lots more in them than those at our old Church," she announced audibly once. Out in thee dreary streets again. Theemotional mood of I'lij • and Doily had passed, and they profess themselves dying of hunger, and enter "into a pleasureable discussicn as to what they will have to eat. Mrs. Conway has supposed that plenty oi restaurants wi:l be open, and that they will be able to get a dinner "Christmassy''' enough to satisry the children, and still inexpensive. But up and down streets they go, anxiously scanning sign.', and not one of the places is open; the mother's heart begins to fail her. She has been obliged to forego hung stockings. Christmas-tree—all the bright nic- rriinent ol" the season. Surely she will not have to let her little ones go without tiieir dinner. "It won't matter about holly and burning fire around the dish for once, if we can only have the pudding," Phvl remarks. Half an hour ago she iiad said pudding without those accompaniments was not pud' din" at all. "We could do without vegetables and things if only they could let us have turkey, or fowl, or something," said Doily. Weenie begins to cry for sheer need of something to eat. I Up streets, down streets—the mother dare | not go too far afield for fear of losing her bearings entirely in this thick "wretched fot. |—and all this pirt of the world shows Wank I shuttered windows and inhospitably closed doors. At last they find a place where the door, though not open to invite customers is ajar. j .There is a delicious fragrance of roasi goose in the foggy air outside, and they all i sniff -t luxuriously. j The mother pushes open the door, and they troop after her in eager anticipation. IJut the shopkeeper is far from pleased at i this advent. I "l am not prepared for customers to- | day, she says shortly, "the dbor was left j open by accident." I I can smell roast goose," Phvl savs, , excitedly. "So can I." says Dolly. | ''An' me," cries Weenie. ; "Surely you can prepare a meal of some kind for us, ' savs tlie mother. "I will pav ' you well for your trouble"—she has quite reckless. "if there is plenty of soose, we can do j without pudding," savs Phvl. j "The goose is cooked to order," the wo- , man returns. "There's a partv of gents | coming m, and the vegetables and pudding is for them too." "They wouldn't miss a lee or two," Phvl says imploringly. "Oh, surelv they don't want it all!" "There are five of thiem," savs the lroman inexorably. "I couldn't possibly touch it, nor yet break the pudding." Vtoemc begins to err .1 fresh. ''I wants my dinner," she savs asain and again and again between her tears." "Have you nothing at all in tbe boose?"! poor Mrs. Conway says. "Is -tlhere nowhere near you could send for anything? My little girls" are quite hungry^" The woman seems-to find it thbid to understand 'how it cocraes about that they are •Iwingry and wandering about on each a day. Thee "are well-dressed, and very warmly wrapped up. But When the motiber begs ber again to do ber bedt to get than a. meal, she consents reluctainiiy. "You'll have to take the back room," lie nays; "ttue gents blare engaged.the front one." "We don't mind 2 it's$he kitaehen," says Dolly joyondy; "do -we, Phyl?" They are led into a itooon full of small oilclothed tables, withacommon-looking cruet, a jug of water, and a. glass boovl fi-Hed with lumps of sugar in. the centre of eaudu The dhiidren try tbe tables one after tbe other, aind finally seat tfcemseJves at a round one iStiesk holds a fly-spotted menu caird. In fihe interval during winoh tie woman goes very reluctantly to "do lier best," they study this card, and speculate as to what the. "best" will be. • j "If tlhey have -three soaps, naagfc beef, enrty, and veal pie, cutiltml pudding and fritters, on common days," says Pbyl, "surely they can find something nice when it's Christmas Day." "But tihe woman eeys-che bias untiring ait all in her pantry," tbe mother says. "Shle said ehe'd send to ttbe butcher's by fibe baek door," contends DoJly. "But what oould dhe get there to oook quickly?" says -tibe mother. "You wouldn't Hke to wait for a joint of beef to be cooked, would you? I am greatly afraid it will be jaoitimig better -Chan <3iops." And nothing better it is, after a weary twenty-nrinirtes' -wait. T%e little girls' faces fall greatly -when fibe harassed-broking v appears with a tray that oooBains nothing more than a dish of rather burnt-looking .-ehiope, and a plate loaded with potatoes. But they brighten• when tihe motiher requests that instead of one large one, four Httle teapots shall be brought, so that each may ponr.iout for herself. For pudding fibev have hastily stewed prunes, a box of figs, plenty of bread and butter, and strawberry jam. And so hungry has l!he chill air made tihem, they are surprised to find ifntey hiave greatly enjoyed their Christmas .dinner. They go back to the boarding-boose early in the afternoon. There are no fires in siitfcing-room or dining-room, so they betake themselves **their bedroom, and light the gsas, and cuddle close together, and talk of Australia. And one more Christmas Day ts a thing of the past. 