THE S.A J.C. MEErrXG. To the Editor. Sir— 'Some members of the S.A.J.C. Conmutice make no secret of a determina tion fbat Mr. Cornelius rfiall never Ise ap iioint«d Starter at llorphcttville.' I have taucn tnc unerty ot quoting the anove pas sage from ''The Register' report of the sad proceedings at the &AJ.C.; Meeting yes terday, and have no doubt as to its correct ness: but is it not time the menoborscf tie S.A.J.C. and the public bestirred them 9elres? Manly determination in an imlKid itU or any body of men is to be admired: but silly pigfaeadedrre33 is contemptible; and :4jouid not the committee of the S_\\.J.C. be removed unless it can give valid reasons Tviiy. in the interests cf pood racing, it is nece&ary; to appoint a Melbourne gentle nun aa Starter, 'and occasionally accept his irresponsible nominee, and why Mr. Cor nelius, who is admittedly a most excellent starter, shall never be appointed starter at Mcrphettville? I do not expect the present committee to readily grasp the situation or to accept any suggestion which nes not emanated from that august body; but as the new year is a parScndarij- appropriate seaaon for reviewing the past, I venture to call attention to one or two matters which may interest tie members (othnr than the cxannattwfc«f-tfce-a.A J.C.,. aiufc4he'pnbli»- vrhc attend the advertised meetings ana in- 1 vest money there. Tlie Parliament hasj made legal bstting at races by means of the . totahrator, and tor the proper use of the totalizator and the protection of the inte rests of investors therein the club is en titled to retain 7i per cent, of the inonej-s paid into the machine. At yesterday's meeting £1,0(6 15s. vraa invested in the Welter Handicap. There were ' sixteen starters; Pythian \ns favourite. The start ?vku so ?wretchedly bad that only one Morse, Lady Melbourne, had a possible; £183 15a was invested on Lady Melbourne, so thai tlie investors of the balance (£925), through the action of the Starter, bad the pleasure of contributing to the Lady Mel bourne investors without any chance of themselves winning. Yet for this race the club bailed '?'. per cent, on £1,008 15*, equal to £75 '13s. Jumpers' Plat Race, nine starters, amount invested in totalize tor £U74 15s.— When the horses went to the po.-t Txentaito was the favorite, with £410 15*. invested on him; UZ had £46 15s.— total invested on these two Horse*, £460 10s. At the pos't the barrier was sent up by the gentleman from Victoria; result, riders of Trentalto and UZ, belie* in^r it to be a genuine start, went the full distance, one mile live furlongs, and were then ordered back to the post, with 110 l-cs=':ble hope of winning— result, Bethnai vron. The investors of the £466 10s. paid t'ia: amount for the fun of looking on, which privilege they had already paid for at the gate; turther result— club bagged 7* per cent, en £1,474 los., equal, to £110 .12». This amount was received by the c!ub f ov, amongst other things, protecting the inte rest.3 of the investors. And poor Hodgkins, the unfortunate rider oi Trentalto, when ordered to the past, was fined £2 lor im pertinence— anything he might have said tv the Starter in the circumstance* was excus able— and the £2 poes to the funds of the club. X.B.— The Starter was nore fined— only hooted. The foregoing figures show that yesterday, owing to the extraordinary starting by the new man, £1,331 10s. was paid into the machine in the two races, for wliicii the investors had not a ghost of « liow r-f winning anything. In conclusion I a^k again— *\Vhy is it necessary to import ;i starter? Are not good men to be had here': Is the committee justjfied in mak inz the statement quoted? Why don t the members bestir themselves, and make « change, in the management? T am, Sir, &c.; AX UNFORTUNATE L\\*\TSTOR. Adelaide, January 2. 