UNDERGROUND TOWNS OF CHAMPAGNE. Aetote Qoodbioh, in the " Boyal . Magazine." It in highly probable that had champagne been known in the time of Shakespeare, the immortal bard would not have permitted Cassio to1 stigmatise the invisible spirit of wine as a. devil, though in the. days of good Queen Bess there were, no doubt, wines which produced evon worse mornings than the full-bodied port and fiery sherries so beloved by our forefathers. The worthy folk of the last century who" scorned claret because it was a wine which did not enable the consumer, in the words of the old farmer, " to getany forrader," would in all probability-' have despised the pale, yollow fluid, which Tallerand called the vtn civilhateur par cxctlUnce. If the vineyards of the Cyprus commandery produce the strongest wine, those which flourish in the-low hills of that department of France through which the Marne tranquilly flows furnish the most popular. Mankind no sooner discovered that the luscious invention of Don Perignon, who, of a certainty, must have been a better cellar man than a monk, possessed the truly divine power of transforming the anxious,- care laden citizen into a light-hearted bril liant creature, merry of speech, sunny in aspect, and sparkling of eye, than they straightway accorded it such favor that to-day the power of champagne rivals that of statesmen and kings. If the Press is the fourth estate, then of a surety champagne is the fifth. No social function is com plete without it. It oils the wheels of Diplomacy, and knots which roason fails to loosen champagne severs with ease. Indeed, so great is tho demand, that 40,000 acres in the vicinity of the river Marne are given up to tho cultivation of tho vine. As the average production . is twenty-one million gallons (tho sales to this country alone exceeding twenty million bottles a year), the wino trade is gradually altering the aspect of the country. The quaint architecture and crum bling houses of Epernay, the Koman antiquities and grand old cathedral of Bheims enabled those towns to retain thoir old-world air. But their belated survivals exist only on sufferance. Thoy are not in the way, moreover, for tho real towns of Champagne are underground, bustling, busy places, whore the chief business of the indus try is carried on. These subterranean uiiioo iuo oi vase Gxcont, oecause champagne, although a product of nature, is dependent on mau for the development of those qualities which have won it the favor it enjoys. It is also coy, for after leaving the sun kissed vines, the raw" wine so shuns the light of day that cellars, at once dark and cool, are necessary for its transformation into Champagne with foaming whirls As whit© as Cleopatra's pearls. These underground towns have widened and spread as the popularity of the wine has grown. The growers have even taken to tunnelling at Ay, a little village nestling between the vine-clad slopes and the Marne Oanal. . . . . Underground Champagne shudders at the mere mention of ohnmpagne being mixed with ice or ice-water, and declares that its flavor is injured if it is cooled below a temperature of 50deg. Underground Champagne has, needless to say, its grievances. It is apt to revile Nature for not prn-tn/liiig roally >innn feiful vintages oftoner than once in ' jv or five years. In the opinion of cellars, the vintage of 1899 was of fine quality, but not over ndant. When the -ladies and Jemon of the lower regions pagnp)r'alno sumptuously they lehampagno early in the repast, Tmcauso they like it, but because champagne, thoy say, is the parent of a good appetite. The British working man, with his short hours of work, would probably not care for a job in underground champagne. Day after dav the work peoplo leave for eleven or xwoivo noura uiu uiuur world, to discharge duties which, if not heavj', must be extremely mono tonous. One intelligent old French man assured me, when I visited Kheiins, that ho had worked below nigh upon 45 years. His duties con sisted in shaking the bottles \to dislodge the sediment. Having stated that he had shaken 50 bottles a minute during a working day of 12 hours for these 45 years, he asked me to calculate for him how many bottles he had shaken. I considered for a - moment, and thon incon tontly took to my heels. Under ground ehampagoo may produce good wino, but it seems to sour the disposition of those who tend it. I found most of tho inhabitants taciturn, not to saj* misanthropic. In one cellar at Epernay I came across an old man who assured me that the piaco was filled with ghosts and goblins. If the cellar folk drank tho wino they might be ' moro light hearted. I believe tho favorite boverago of underground Champagne is spirit. Strength preferred to quality. Tho popularity of Ay cham pagne has uiado but littlo differ ence to the village itself. Tho little place is as primitive as over, but a regular subterranean city is growing up right underneath the vinej'ards. Ayala and Co., Bellingers, Duminy and Co., Le Due do Moutebello, and Deulz and Geldormann have their collars at A}-. Tho latter firm have • i • i ii.„. .i, oxogvated to such purpose . mac cueir underground town is nblo to store eight milliou bottles. . . . The moment any wino begins to (lflvolop an undue proportion of offor vescene, its enuibativeuess is reduced by transference to a temperature only slightly above freezing. - 