CHOOSING THE CAN PRESIDENT. A1IERI" The following was written at the time of the last Presidential ilealioa (1896J and the parallel is nit without interest just now when enither Presidential election ia very shoitly (in November) to take p'aie THE JACOBIKS OP CHICAGO. A FBBNOH REVOLUTIONARY PABALLBL. The Hon A. D. White, writing in the ' Forum' on the Presidential ekcthn, under the head, Toe Encourage* menta in the Present 4 Crlaie,' devotes the opening pageB cf his paper to defending the parallel whioh he has d awn between the Democratic Convention at Ghiosg) aid the Jaoofci te oE the French Revolution. He says :— There on the flior I eeemed to see the old Jacobin tragi comedy ; the same advooates of every extreme prinoiple and extreme want ot principle, outbidding e»oh other for tie applause of the galleries ; fie same demagogue?, vilifying tho:e who were laboring most faithfully to serve the oountry; ih i eame fasat'ej ready to plange thtir country in ruin to vindicate the r no 3 tr urns; the same declaimed stirring r hatred fce.waen different sa&tians; of the country; the same sensation mongers arousing distrust between the men whose oo-operation is necessary to the national peaoe and prosperity; and wi&al; the same body of thinking men, dszed by the tumult, stunned by the noise, silent in «a orgie of unreason. There. (09, ia the vast galleries was tha tame crowd of unbalanced men and hysttrioal women ia ecstasies orer statements more aad more extreme; discouraging the reasoned, deifjing the phrase mongers, proposing thus to develop the activity and direct the policy of a great nation. THE AMERICAN DE6M0ULIH8. There was Canaille Deemoulins-- •The Bjy Orator'—beautiful, mellifluous ; floor and galleries hanging on his atook phrates and as delighted to call him their leader as lhay were delighted later on to send him to the guil lotinewhen they had discovered his hoUownese. There, too, were fat worse types s Barrere, Birraa, Tallitn, and the rest, exploiting credulity and encouraging ana:cY? ; in the hope of picking piece or pelf from the rci »s. THE FRENCH ALTGELD, TILLMAN, AND WAITS. I noted that while thsy gave the first place on their t cket to an e'osutionary attorney whosa gifts and graoes had been at the eervioa of any corporations willing to pay the modera'e fee required to tesure them, tfcey gave tie second place toabankflr andmacager of eastern rail ways and steamer lines, who bad grown rich in practising the arts and conniving at the schemeB whioh the convention affected to condemn. Then it was tint there rose before me Frouohe, Oambaceree, and other Jao.biu extremists, who, hauag bei»un their career by advocating every wild sotetne, and hiving ridden into power on the storm they had railed, recemd the fruit of their labors after their dupes had perished by million", and treasure had been thrown into the abyss by billions. These controlling epiiits at Chicago Beemed to me essentially of the same breed. FFROM AS SIGN AT 3 TO SILVER AT 16 TO 1. As I read the proceedinge at Chicago, I recall those revolutionists at Paris who initiated the long series of sterile revclit'oaB not yet ended ; who thwarted all real efforts at rational reform ; who brought in misery infinitely worse than that whioh they pretended to remedy, and despotism infinitely worsa than that which they pretended to oppose. Their speechesoome*baokto me witha strangely familiar sound ; especially MI hear these man of tedty clamoring for fiat silver and foreshadowing fist papar. I mem t 0 h t a t th® S l demagogues* successful in l o n pressing i c e o on f the issues of billions more of fiat money, declaring it ' the best currency in tfce world,' insisting tia\ the laws of rature did nit oparate in a free country like France, ascribing the rapid depreciation of this fiat money, and the wreck of business, to the corruption of the ministry, the perversity of merchants, the machinations sf bankers, the intrigues of England—to every c iuse save the right . ne. I seem to hear Pradhomme declaring — Coin will go on rising until the people have 1 hung a brjker.' and Couthon first carrying a law puniehing any person selling paper mihey for less thai its nominal value with imprieor.me.it for twenty years in chains, and next a law punishing those making investments abroad with death. I seem to hear the same demagogues who, whea fa m;rs refused to sell their produca for worthlers fiat money, carried laws whioh obliged the farmers, under pains and per allies, to bring in their grain, the millers to grind it, and the merchants to sell it. THE END 0V IT ALL. And all this financial debauch, gciag on until the entire issue of fiat money hsd reached OIOBO ufoi fotty thousand millions of francp, with the result that all thrift had been obliterated, all business viliated, the working classes plunged into abjest distress, the country given over to an a'istooraoy of stook gamblers and money changers, until finally a Bonaparte was needed to force tha nation bach to sound money. And I note that on Joly 16,1798—a hundred years, almost to a day, before the assembling of the convention atjOiiaago—the whole fiat moiey systetffin '^(anpe^toollapBed, and the vast mats of thirty-six thoneand millions pf.assignats, and two And a half thousand, trillions'/.'Op/tnaadste, issued •uider the sanction of a trees people,' all becsme refuse,^ - ^ , - Bat he cocc'nd s'by enumeratipg the various foroes upon whioh honesty and good sense eai rely In the United tttatss today whioh were absentia revolutionary France. His art'.ole is a very powerful one. Taking that and Mr Rice's together, it is difficult for an outsider to leel that Mr Bryen has even the ghost of a ehatce. The diffionl'y is, that outsiders were so convinced of this from the first that they never would have credi'ei the possibility of Mr Bryan's nomination. 