Qkost of jg)andeiDa?>7iQ, -tublished by ejpeoial arrangement. '' "y- < How It Was Caught, By LILIANS QUILLER COUCH, ! ' AfitfrP?,. of / ".OlnMjimttq Eve' Conspiracy," "Three .Quarters of an Hour," "iJiacomforfc at' Doijvon Fnm," "Wife of a Sinner," ' "A Spanish Maid," &c.;, &e.; / copyright. CHATTER I. ILBERT Warren hevor forgot Eleanor ' Hard- wick as site walked into the Hare's drawing- room at x Bnry Hall 011 ' that memorable De cember after noon. When he came to think of it afterwurds he found that the aftornoon was memorable only booause she had walked Into the Hare's drawing-room then, aud he had looked upon her for the feat time. 1 Miss Hardwiok'e, coming was not unex pected to Gilbert; . he had been present whon her invitation wae first suggested hy Colonel Hare to hjs wifp. It was Miss Hurdwick herself who was unexpected ; Gilbort hud not known before that anyone could be so beau tiful. It was about three weeks earlier that Colonel Harp had suddenly put down his newepaper, uud, looking across the breakfast table at his wife) had firet mentioned Miss Hurdwiok.: " By-tbc'-byo, Maggie," I10 began, " I intended to ask yoii about old Hardwipk's grandchild ; but ft quite slipped my memory when I ;rat babk lust night." ' -Mrs. Hare's ' pleasant bins eyes looked puzzled. ' Old- Hard wiok's grandoliild P" sho re peated. " I doii't" remember." Oh, no, my dear, I was forgetting. ! You never mot old Hardwick. I used to know bim well when I was a ybnng fellow; before \we were married. -Ho had a place down in an outlandish part of the world, oalledLande- warilo ; and ho used to entertain' royally. Dear roo, it must bo between thirty and forty yearn ago." " Is lio dead?" asked Gilbort, who hap pened to be tbe only guest at Bury Hall jnst tSen, and had grown interested in getting the topio forward a little. "Yes; tbatia what I whs coming to. T met Collis at tho club yesterday, and in talking over old timos before I went to India ho mentioned Landewarne, and then told mo of old Hardwiok'e death — over a year ago. Tho property, ho beard, wont to a grandchild —the only living relation— a girl, who had been brought up by the old man. She must bp young Kit Harawick's child. Poor Kit !" "And what woro yon going to nslc me about her, dcur P " suggested Mrs. Hare. " "Ah! I wasforgotting again. It struck me that we might aslc tbe ohild to spend Christmas with ns. . We1 shall be having u nieo houseful, aud she might enjoy it. Old Hardwialc and I lost sight of one another utter I went to India, hut ho was more than kind to me as a youngster, and I should like to be kind to the girl iu somo way. It must be dismal for her, living with somo old ohaperon most likely, down in thst lonely- great house miles away from everywhere." "It is a masterly pioturo you sketch, colonel," laughed Gilbert. "Lonely mansion, bountiful heiress, stern female guardian — I know Mrs. Hare's tender himrt must be alreudy yearning to comfort MissHardwiok." Mrs. Hare laughed also, -"I wffi write to-day, dear, if you like. But your lovely hoircss is probably a very well oared for girl, with plenty of friends, and no inclination to come among strangors at Christmas time. I prophesy she will prefer playing Lmly Bountiful among her own retainers." 'Ah, wll>" sighed tlio colonol, disap pointedly, " perhaps you're right. But— ask hor at any rate ; she can decline if she likes." Miss Hardwick did not decline ; she accepted. And Gilbert Warren, who hud expected on heiress, perhaps pretty but cer tainly countrified and shy, was amazed nt the sight of the magnificent young queen, in costly silks nnd furs, who crossed the draw ing-room with snoh regal grnoo three weeks later, to receive her hostess's welcome. Eleanor Hurdwiok was toll and slender, with bright brown hair, which escupcd in alluring little tendrils about her brow, a com plexion white hh milk, with a wonderful pink on cheeks and lips, und oyos of a clear gray colour. She seemed perfcot ; sparkling with light, and life, and happiness ; while just tho slightest suggestion of liiiutour in the pose of her head brought the word " regal " to the mind at onee. Gilbert Warren hsd travelled much, had mot scores of beautiful women, had admired perhaps, tens, but bo went down, metaphori cally, as a ninepin before Eleanor Hurdwick, as die looked round upon her fellow guests, and smiled and bowed us Mrs. Haro made her brief introductions. After that there was a week — an intoxi cating week at Bury Hall, when Gilbert Warren fell delirious with the fever of love. It was a sudden and severe case, but oven his oldest friends guessed nothing of its ex tremity. He did his host to answer when addressed, ho believed be oven curried on a sensible conversation, and ho hoped that bis instinots would keep his politeness up to n fair average; but as a matter of fact ho scarcely realised the presenee, or eared for the existenoe, of anyone but Miss Hardwiok ; for him thore was only one person in tho house — Miss Hardwick, oxccpt a shadowy hostess, who was kind to bim. " Eight and thirty, and plain," he would moan inwardly, as he assessed his advantages and disadvantages. "Rich. But what does she care for money — money mode by iron too ! Sho is beautiful, kind,-grnoious — but a little proud; sho would scorn tlio 'iron.,' And she has eortsinlv. irrown a little colder to mo lately." So at times he lashed him self, and suffered. On the night of tho big dance, whioh was to wind up the fortnight's festivites nt Bury Hall, Gilbert stood in the doorway of tho temporary ballroom, and watched Miss Hardwiok as she danced a quadrille with Colonel Hare. Gilbert himself had danced with her twiee— wild, joyful roomonts, gone through by him with n throbing heart, an impassive face, and a few conventional words— and ho hoped to olaim a third danoe when this quadrille should bo over. Three waltzes with the queen of the night was no mean share, ho admitted, nnd in gratitudo ha hnd done good goneral eorvice m the ballroom throughout tho rest of the evoning. Now, however, he claimed a few moments' rest to think and to look for ward' to the blissful minutes before him. Eleanor Hardwiok waB looking her best. Sho was wearing a gown of white and silver brocade, with edgings of swansdown, whioh lay softly against her fair neck, and arms. She never wore jewels. Gilbert hod noticed that foot with some surprise. She was .regal without regalia. "She would never condescend tome," ho deoided mournfully us he followed her lovely faee with his passionate eyes, and noted the gl8nne8 of admiration it drew from everyons. " She might have tho ohoice of a dozen titles this very night for hor aceeptnnoe. And I have failed to win oven her interest. My lineage will not bear comparison with tho others ; aud my money is nothing to hor. The lost notes of the qUHdrillo cuine to a crashing finale, and Gilbort wont forward eagerly to eiaim liis divinity ; he know the cohmel would he kind enough to forego tbe few mimites with his brilliant partner whioh he might rightly "olaim. "Tho next dance is ours, Miss Hardwiok;" said Gilbert, pleadingly. She emiled in anaw-or, then looked at the oolpuel ; the colonel smiled ruefully, then Ibowed, and resigned his partner to Gilbert's ears. . " Shall we go into the conservatory P" he asked.' "Ah, yss. that will be tbe cooler," she sighed. " Everyone else seems to prefer the stairs," she added, with a laughing upwurd glanoo at the staircase. " Another reason for our ohoosing the con servatory,'! he vontured boldly. When they reached the flower scented re- treut, it wus quite desortod, and Gilbert, with an inward thanksgiving, led his partner to a deep basket ohuir, then sunk into another ehair bosido hor. "The last night," sho said, slowly, almost as if speaking to herself . "I can scarcely believo it." " I dare not trust myself to believo it," ho said, impulsively. She turned quickly to look at him. Ho hit his lip. ' "To-morrow," she continued, "I leave this happiness/ brilliance, gaiety." "You sponk as though you turned your baok upon nil pleasure, and wont into soli tude," ho objected. "Well," she rejoined, "what do you con sider I go to?" "Ah,"h6 said, quioklv. "I forgot that your home is lonely and far off. It is hard to realise. You look so— so difforont. Ono would always pioture you in the midst of lifo and brilliant society." She laughed, but it was not a happy laugh this time. He longed to take her in his arms and hesceah her nevei to leave him for that lonoly home. Instead, he forced himself to speak lightly. " I sup pose, in apite of tho distance at whioh your homo lies, you havo friends aod tenants, and merry-makings, and, surely, a ghost?" "I havo' at least tho ghost," she ssid, slowly. "A real ghost of your own ?" he asked in mpok terror. . He was talking feverishly of trifles, feeling as a man who skims round a hole in a slieot of ico, towards which he involuntarily draws nearer. Ho loved her so passionately, and it wus so evident that sho cared imthing for him. " What is it like ?" bo persisted. "Are you afraid of it?" "It is like——" she paused — "a gray, snarling wolf, which prowls about outside — and at length — domes in ut the door; nnd I am afraid of it," she answered, shuddering. Then she roused herself. "Fanoy talking of ghosts to-night ! You, also, go to-morrow, don't you ? Do you go back to such pleasant things as you picture for me?" " " I go back to nothing pleasant," he ro- turned, gloomily, " not even a ghost." "Oh, eomo!" she laughed. "Whv do you tako the sad view of lifo? I fancy that in reality you are ono of tlio favoured few, possessing everything needful, nnd most things pleasant. For instance— leisure?" "Yes," dolefully. "And health?" "Yes," still dolefully. "And gold?" "Yes, gold!" ho nriod. "But gold will not buy everything. Muuy a time I havehnd leisure, health, and gold, and have still been hungry." "Hungry ! " she whispered, and her eyes diluted. Looking at her, ho thought she seemed frightened. " Surely you do not think that thoso things alono can muke a man happy, you who can count us your own, worship, admiration, beauty, power, a brilliant present, and, 1 doubt not, u still more brilliant future?" Ho hnd forgotten his surfaco impassiveneas, his voico was eager, desoerate. "You chum much for.mo," she said, and hor voice was a little unsteady. "Yet— if wo ever meet again — you will scorn She faltered. All her brightness, her little air of hauteur, were gone from her suddenly ; her head drooped, 11 weariness eatno into hor face, und us Gilbert looked, wondering, two tears ran down her cheeks, 'and splashed upon tho white mid silver brocade. "Miss Hurdwiok! Eleanor I" ho cried, clasping the little gloved lmud wliioh lay trembling on the chair arm. "Don't you know that I lovo you — that " "All, no!" 8he started up, and spread her hands as if warding hiiu off in fear. Gilbert rose, too, and fitoed her. ' No," she cried, "you must not — ! You don't know — ! I " In anothur moment their solitudo was in vaded. Light laughter una tho swish of silken skirts drew near. With a wonderful niBstery over her omotion Miss Hardwiok finished her soutence. " I think it is time wo wont baok," sho said, with it con ventional smile, laying her trembling bund an Gilbert's urm, and without another word he led hero baok to the ballroom. The next day she went — from his sight, from his lifo, it seemed to Gilbort. The other guests who wero left were enthusiastic over Uiss Hardiviok's charms, until tho time name for their own departure, when the subject of their udmirution was forgotten in tho greater importance of their rugs und foot- warmers. ' Gilbert alono felt that nothing could blot her from hie heart, and he turned his back on Bury Hall feeling that nothing in tho world was worth doing, or seeing, or ucquiring, now thut Eleanor Hardwiok had refused mb lovo. CHAPTER II. OR nearly a year Gilbert Warren performed the very hard task of killing time. He visited, fished, sillied, golfed, shot, hunted,, but tho savour hud gono out of lifo, and tho length of tho days and nights was hor rible to bim. Muuy a time he almost made up his mind to break with every thing, und go down to Laudswarne to see her, and hear hor voioo again. .But over and over ugain ho told himself lhat it would bo presumptuous, ungentleraanly, childish, cowardly, when she bad shown him that the very mention of his lovo distressed her so deeply,. and ho conquored the-' madness— eon. ' quered it for nearly twolve months- " .a very utile incident broke dqwn his reso lution at last. Just a girl's faoo in the dark —a" shabby little governess lie thought she wus, at tlio ond of a file of girls taking oxerolso in tho biting air ; imd hoonlyoauglit a glimpao of hor face us he happened to turn his oyos absontiy in her direction. But that Slimnse reminded him of Eleanor ; it set his lood coursing and his heart oohing anew, and brake down all his fictitious strength. ''.'I must see her! I must! I must!" he declared, desperately, ns ho walked back to Ms .rooms. ''I can't go pleasuring with a Jot 1 pf poople at Christmas, when I am racked and miserable. I will go to her— at Lande- warno."_ As Gilbert nearod his own door the first snowflnkes of the winter wero slowly falling, but : ho aid not hoed them, his oyes were he love£' lmnSry for a 6iSht o£ tho. woman Three days before Christmas Gilbert woe at Londewurne, settlod in tho big dining-room and beat bedroom of Trethiok Farm, with Mrs. Mitchell, tho farmer's wife, his sworn friend, ovory comfort that good hearts could provide at his service, a whito world ontside, and tho appalling tidings, in answer to his inquiries, that Landeworno House was shut up— had been empty flso twolve months past, Miss Hardwiok, tho vouug mistress, being on visits, it was thought. Gilbert almost sank uudcr this news im parted to him by Charlotte, the serving- maid, as she laid his first suppor ; ho reulisod with a rush of desolation how muoh he had counted upon a sight of Eleanor, how tho thought of it had filled every waking moment, how blank the world hud suddenly become ugain ; and he shivered us he sat before the fire whioh blazed up the ehimney. " It will ho a white Christmas, sir," said Mrs. Mitchell, cheerily. Sho bad come in to remonstrate with Gilbert on his want of nppetite, nnd remained to try to boarten bim up. "Is it still snowing?" asked Gilbert. " No. sir ; the snow has stopped! and the sky is clearing nicely ; but the moon's on her hack, so thore'U be no thaw yet awhile. We like a p'hito Christmas here in Landewarne. but wo don't often get it." "Then this is really Landewarne?" " Landewarne parish. Yes, sir. 'Tisonlv a scattered hit of a village, bat Landewarne House is close hero; you can see it in winter time from your bedroom window. 'Tis a lonely-looking place now, sure enough." "Miss Hurdwiok is away ?" " Yes. sir; beon away these twelvemonths. 'Tis lonely here, I make nodoubt, for ayoung lady alono; but we ofron wish hor back again. She was a great favourite hero, was Miss Hardwiok ; and before tho old gentleman's .death there seemed to be no place like Lande warne to her, she was so set on it, and now we hear that she's been trying to lot it. But, law me, tho old place bus gono to rack and ruin tbeso lust thirty years. Old Mr. Hard wick spent freely when ho was a young man, and money grew scarce, I've hoard. There was never a Hardwiok who wasn't free handed ; and it's brought 'em to poverty at lost, I suppose." "to be concluded. \- " Mm ITardwich ! JSImnor ! — Don't yuit know that I lovo you V" 