TIlE -SATURDAY, "JUIE 16 '1900 , -Be just nd:Fear Not. Now tvat the Bubonic Plague has gained a footing lowever Slight, in Victoria, mains. Should the Plague ravage this country, we are afraid the advocates of the good old system of putting dead bodies into the earth to slowly putrefy would have to bottle up their sentiments for future use. However, unless urgent necessity arises, burial will very likely continue for many more years. Yet cremation is making considerable pro gress in Europe. The Crematorium of Woking is too nell known to need more than a passing reference. The munici pality of Vienna has long since made the system permissive; and the idea is spreading rapidly in America, In many minds, by a curious process of reasoning, cremation seems to come into conflict with the religious doctrine of the resur rection of the body. But science proves that burning merely does in a few hours what putrefaction takes years to accom plish. The end is the same. The doc trinal objection was disposed of by Lord Shaftesbury when lie said-' What would in such a case become of the blessed martyrs ?' The religious aspect is en tirely irrelevant ; the question is purely one of sanitation. The crematorium is as vast an improvement on the cemetery .I" the latter was on the awful practice of pit-burial, which prevailed in England at one time. And no doubt the pit- r burialists were quite satisfied with their a system, and strenuously opposed the new-fangled and extravagant idea of I spreading the dead over acres of valuable { land. But the world moves ; and now the cemetery itself is doomed. It has been proved conclusively that the best cemcteries are (as the Yankee humorist puts it) open to grave objection. A cer tain amount of irrespirable gas will escape into the air, or into sewage drains, and thus reach houses, or will percolate so as to contaminate water which is subse quently used. The great Paris cemeteries are known to be the cause of headache, diatrhcen, and Ulcerated sore throat in those living near. It must also be re menibered that there is no guarantee that a body once buried will not be die turbed. Tons of bones have had to be' removed from the cemeteries of Lonidori and other gieat centres of population, to make lom for the dwellings which .en croached upon the cities of the dead;. and no cemetery is quite safe from future disturbance. But with ciemation: there can be no interruption f ithe' sweet sleep and calm ret' so doubtfully associated witli.the glaye ::Even ,on the score of sentiment, -,purification: by fire is surely prefeable tothe:i nameless horrors of slow puiiefaation -'; any reasonable rer sort would rathler :his body were reduced to ashes ; after death; than it should be come the fod' of the 'small cold worm that fretteth °lthie enrsl ouded form.' In ' Bleak ilcuse,' Dickens has a brief but memoirable passage on the terrible effects of the overcro:wding that prevailed at one time in London:-' They bear off the body of -our dear brother here departed, to a himedt:in lhurchyard, pesi.iferous and obscene, where malignanrt diseases are communicated- to the bodies of our dear brothers iand sisters who have not depairtd ; whi1e our dear brothers and sisters who hang about official back stairs--,'wonld; to Heaven they had de Sparted !--are'ery complacent and agree able: Into. a-- beastly scrap of ground vhlichi. a Turk"&w;&ould; reject as a savage abomination and. a Caffre would shudder it, they bring our. dear brother here de parted, to i'eceive Christianburial. 'With houses lookitg on; on every side, save where a reeking little tunnel of a court gives access to the iron gate-with every villany of life, in action close on death, and every poisonouis element of death in action close on life-here, they lower our dear biother down a foot 'or two : here, sow him in corruption, to be raised in corinution': *an avenging ghost at many a sick bedside a shameful testimony to. .futre ages?how civilisation and barbiea sm i luked this boastful island together.' Cre?hation i. no new* thing. It was the gene ral practiceof the antcient world w~it thi e exceptioiin of Egypt, whetr bodies were em~nbalmhned; Judea, where they wee:re placed i: isepulchres; and :China,: the home of aucesfotr worship, Swhere the coiinty is one vast graveyard. In Greece; ciemation was looked ipon as a nlitional right, which was denied only to s uicides, unteeLthed children, and persons sti;clk by lightning. These last were eld it6io hallvereuirred the wrath of the Gos The biody was wiapped in' an asbestos shroud,; so :is, to preserve the ashes intact, and these were placed in urins, ninny hieaut?fil specimiens of which ate possessed by various museums, In Rome3 burning on 'the pyre or ro:us 'was general fill ithe fbturth cenfiiy, ilien the Chlristians put k stop tpo all Pa?lgirprtic tice; the good aldog, with the bad.. In C(hilia, evenr hfd superstition allowed it, ctematiodn would prdbaibly i --h'ein. practicable for Waiint o1uel unless the" Chinese had udse th unined coal in i.ioh their <couinty is said to be very ichlInJ: ! Siam, the sca'c?ity of fuel.,makes' cem: ation rathor costly, a d the' poorer people aie sometimes compelled to 'bury h.'iter dead; but they have the right t?. exhume the body as soon as they opn Safford to cremate it. The ancient Jews: used cremation "'in lio; Tale: of Tophet I when visited by the plag.e ; and modern 1 Hebrews are among 'thodse \vho favour Sthe system; T'he ancients practised it -for various reasons, mostly connected with their religious or superstitious be liefs. It is advcated to-day for the Splain, matter-of-fact reason that it is clean, sanitary, and inexpensive, 