Ballad Volunteer Fire Brigade. 1 ir^^^HiH^M®?® ATIOSF.; PRONOUNCED SUCCESS. The second annnal demonstration of the Ballan Volunteer Fire -Brigade took place last evening, onder very auspicious citcuinstances The weather was all that could be desired, being calm and cool, with is" cloudless aky. The attendance was very large, aud the Show Yards, illuminated with torch** and colored lights, preaentol a very animated appearance. Proceedings started at balf-imst six, wb«i» the competitors in the various contests assembled at the Reel bonse coiner, for scrutiny by tbe judges, Messrs J. O. Inglis, Shire President, M. M. Mo^g.J.P., an^ A. McLeod Hamilton. These gentlemen discharged their duties in an able and impartial manner, dnvotiug time and keen attention to their work". We do not think the selection could be' improved upon For the bust decoiated -bicycle there were five competitors—Messrs F. W. Bowra (Egerton), F. J. Medreos, G. Rickards, A. Shimmen, and K. A. Soott. All the machines were very prettily decorated with colored pajier, or other material, flags, flowers, ets. The prixe, a silver shaving set, presented by Mr J. D. Evans, was awarded to Mr F. J. Mehrens, whose bicycle was very nicely arranged with three hoops over the frame, and an effective Mending of colors throughout. Mr A. Shimmen ran a very.close second, with a tastefol .display of harmonising, colors; and Mr R. A Scott was pi iced third His bicycle showed the most intricate and painst-.iking decoration of all, in respect ' to- the wheels, but a similar amount .of-troublehad not been taken iib^-fram,e work.' Mr B iwra's arranged with flags, aad the framework en*uit», the result beiug most pleasing. Mr Rickards' bicycle was covered with wool -thread, neatly entwined round the spokes end frame, relieved by strings of small glass ornaments. This device was also effective, and displayed a good deal of patient labor. The judges' task WHS not an easy one, as there was little to choose between tbe machines, and all deserved a prize, if such were possible. For best fancv costume, there were five competitors—Messrs G. Nankervis {Church and Stage); F. G. Wakeham (Red Cross Nurse); Bert Rodda (Bushranger); R. A- Scott (Jester); and Masters Norman Flack, V. Culled, and A. Morgan (group, Lord Roberts entering F;ee . States, drawn by (lis Kaffir slaves). Mt G. Nankervis, in an admirable cofltome, representing one half of face and body as a cleric, anil 1 the other half as a ballet girl, came in an easy fir«t, and secured the silk umbrella presented by Messrs McNaughton, Love and Co., through Mr A. J. Royce. Th» ostuina was a laiiinblv carrind oiit in every detul, from tiie hsit of a shovel hat, half clerical collar, and sombre black on the one side, to the half a head of lovely flaxen hair, bare neck, fleecy flounces, silk stocking, and satin shoe on the other. The award was a very popular one. Mr Frank Wakeham— the fair "and gentle Frank—made a most sorumptioiis red cross nurse, certainly with rather a pert and bold glance, but nothing misculine in the appearance, if we overlook the hands, which would hardly fit a nurse's size in gloves, and were rather-tfew big for tbe unseen^ pressures, so soeftbiinig to the patisnt's restless mind. The feet were chastely hidden from view, and mav be passed ovsr. The other competitors did Well, and had many;" supporters amongst tbe crowd of spectators/' 0 ' ' \- Amongst the competitors folr.tfie most original costume, Mr F.; J. Mehrens Brown paper parcel) secuted the silver toast rack, presented by Mr Chalmers through Mr Horder. Mr Vi S. Moran (Ghost) and Mr H. Whale (Nigger) A special prize for best children's fancy costume was awarded to Masters J. and .W. Wisby, who were very completely attired as Japanese. There were two other competitors. The prize was pre- sented by Mr A. J. Royce. For the best decorated farmer's vehicle there was only one entry —a pair horse dray shown by iiessrs Bence and Shimmen. The turn-out was splendidly decorated with ferns, sneaves, vegetables, fruit, and colored papers round the wheels. ,. The device and arrangement were equally good, and fully deserved the valuable tea-pot presented,, as the •prize, by "Mr G. JNankerris. In the contest tor the best decorated town vehiole there was also only one competitor, Mr H. Elliott. His was also an excellent display, the baker's cart being most elaborately adorned with colored .... papers surmounted b; a canopy of hoops, witn small loaves placed here and there. The harness was also elaborately decorated, and had there been competion the display would have taken a lot of beating. The prize was a picklestand presented by Messrs H. Blake & ^^The're were two competitors, only, for ths most novel lighted lantern, and the. inkstand presented by Mr A. J. Royoe 4rss seoured by Mr V. S. Moran with a comical design of a face, said- to have : been a resemblance of Kruger: A feature of the evening's novelties was an excellent trade-display made by Messrs D. K. Fraser & Co. On a lorry drawn by two horses was a portable forge and anvil, • omplete set of shoeing tools, and a pony. During the progress to the grounds Messrs D. R. and W R' Fraser made the shoes and shod the pony. The display was not for competition, but-was most interesting and novel and was greeted with loud applause. At 8 o'clock a procession was marshalled at East Ballan by Messrs Horder and Royce. Headed by the Soldiers Hill (Ballarat) brass band, and the pioneers of the district (Messrs D. K. Fraser, G. Vincent, E. Atkinson, M. Walsh, J.P., F. Knorr, J.andM. Egan all driven in Mr Egan's waggonette) and brilliantly illuminated by a'large number of torches, it proceeded along Inglis St., and Cowie St, to the grounds. Inglis St. was lined with spectators, who followed the procession, in which, of course, all the competitors and many others took nart. ' A prominent place was given to I K W ^ i j ^ i f e H c h -had been ; l»antifully decorofcePwSk; *ool6»--and -flowers by Mrs W Henderson. At the Show grounds a series of manohvres'were well given by the Ballan Boys' Brigade, nnder the direction of their leader, Mr A. J. Royce. Cyclists and fancy costame competitors also paraded for the entertainment of the large crowd of visitor?. At nine o'clock, after selections by the band, an overture was rendered by Miss Liezie Marshall in her usual brilliant manner. A short programme of songs, etc., was given, whicu we have not space to fully mention in detail. Mrs A, J. Knight recited "The absent-minded begger" in a very spirited manner, and with all the aids that a talented elocationiat can bring to bear. During the recital (with piano accompaniment by Miss Knight) a collection was taken up by the brigade, resulting in a sum of £3 7s Id being'added to tne Ballan Patriotic Fund. Mr A. J. Royce sang "The death of Nelson;" Mr A. R. Stevens "Sons of the sea" (encore!, and last verse repeated); -Sergeant Clajton recite 1 •'How Bill Adams won the battle ol Waterloo;" Mr T. A. Oolebrook sang "Private Tommy Atkins" with military and limelight effects and a rollicking farce was given by Messrs A, J. and. G. Rickards, W. Oldham, F. J. Mehrens, and D. Wood. Accompaniments were played by Miss G. Blake and Miss Cole, Several popular selections were given by the band, who gave complete satisfaction and added materially to the success of tbe evening. During an interval the Shire president, Cr J. O. Inglis, announced the names of the prize winners, and spoke a few encouraging words to the members of tue Brigade. Captain Horder brieflly expressed thanks for the liberal patronage extended, and declare.1 that the brigade would ^always be ready and willing to turn oht whenever and ••>..,. u.„.,.,^.tiA.-T-i;heCTBgramme concluded with a display of nrewbiks, pro-' rided, and managed by Mr A, J. Royce. During the evening refreshments were provided at a nominal cost. The following young ladies kindly acted ai waitresses, viz :—Misses Cole, McQaalter, McCoppin, T. McCoppiu, J. Fraser, Taylor, and Pea'point. The receipts from tnis source amounted to about £5, So many ladies and gentlemen have assisted in all manner of ways to make the demonstration a suocess, that it is well nigh impossible to mention esch one. The arduous duties of Secretary were faithfully carried out by Mr Y. S. Moran, who devoted a great deal of time and energy to tbe work. He was greatly assisted by Mr F. J. Mehrens, whilst, as general director, Captain Horder was equal to all .requirements. Individually, the members worked well and harmoniously, and with a most gratifying result, upon which all may be congratulated. It is expected that the net proceeds will amount to between £16 and £80. Tick«t holders are requested to aeud iu their tet.inis at once. The Secretary desires to acknowledge with thanks donatioas of 10s (the second), from Dr Salter, aud 10s from Mr S. Hastie. 