Tlie Breclong Blacks. Through England's fields (hey hunt (he | fox. In Scotland the deer chaso thry ; In Ireland tbey whip (he salmon lochs From the dawn to the dneb of day. And India's »por(«mm stick the pig And follow (be tiger's (racks; But where on carlh is a sport as big As hunting the Breelong Blacks f For (he games! fox must o'er long be | cooked, And the deer lasts a day at most, And the heaviest salmon that over was | hooked Must soon give up (he ghost; And the galloping Arab soon beate the ] boar, And the man-eater soon cries " fax!" Bnt men must go as they go to a war, To hunt for the Breelong Blacks. We British are fond of a bit of a blow And none but a fool would doubt That in bunting men we are none too slow, | And bare something to blow about. We're collared Pasha's and Mandis and | Chiefs And generals and Kings by pocks, And Cbinee cul-tbroats and Belooch1 chiefs— Bat where are the Breelong Blacks ? Ton need a quarter million of men When a country of Boers you hunt; But how many coppers are wanted when You're a couple of blacks in front? The boys in blue, they'ro out by mobs And no child but tho busb be whacks; O, its one of tho merriest, muddlingest jobs, This chasing a couple of blacks. They track them down, end they see them plain, They run them from tree to tree j Bat (be Breolong Blacks still proudly maintain That their land is tbe land of tbo free, Tho Parliament payclh the Force full well, And the public payelb the (ax, And the " traps" get a lot of it, so men tell, Bui they don't get the Breelong Blacks. Yes, the Estimate's beary—or, so we're told — Bnt still bang a reward must we Before men's noses—men may see gold, Though Governors they don't see. Though the Governors see some of them, atlrasl, They see a lot of their baoks; Still, of course, the land's very poorly policed— And (hero are two Breelong Blacks 1 Tbey tell us that foemen threaten our shore, That they'll march to our mountain's ' blue; So let's hope blue mountains are useful more Than men of a similar hue. For at present we're feeling somowhat alarmed As, though scrub and ridgosand tracks Are alive with police aud "civilians armed," Tbey can't deal with two Breelong Blacks. ■ Daily Tclejjrapli.' 