CHAPTER U. I walked upstairs with my arm linked in Evelyn's, tryming, but failing, to listen to her ay gossip. : My head was in a 'whirl. What was real?.. What was imaginary? Where and who was Guy? If Evelyn would but cease her prattle anid speak of him ! Had nobody nussed him ? Was he of so little account ? I felt indignant on his behalf yet I would not mention him. Sand to any knowledge she gave him six dances. No wonder poor old Jim was'green 1'' We'. had reached my room and .Evelyn had thrown' herself down into an easy chair. I dropped into an opposate one: '" ! It's toonbominably late to stop up,' `she ainnounced, laughing. ""''I think we've quizzed everyone now. But; I say, you naughty girl=-' I int rrupted her. I knew whatwas comin'g, and I didn't want it. I desired that she should name Guy herself, and I tried to forceit. ? ',' Did "all. whon youeexpeoted Lurn up, Evel ? r · .r.·i es' 'Att le .didn't mise anybody ' s,Tiien Guy' muist have seen Evelyn and excused himself to her. ''But why did she not mnentionr him ? Could it' be-oh, could it--thatitshe, too;_cared for' him? I had fancied her heart was set on another man, biit'there's no reckoning on `girls. 'Wliere they are 'most secret the, danger' lies. Evelyn chattered' on, and I dimly heard of someone looking 'perfectly sweet' in "a ravishing can-do-nil brocade." 'Then' she abinptly exclaimed- 'But you haven't' given me a repiort of your evening. Who had 'the nerve to monopolise three-fourths of it ?' 'Never you mind 1 'It's seky,' as the children say. But I've enjoyed myself hugely.' 'How mysterious we are l'-- I must un earth it somehow. Glad you've had a good time I Sleep well.', ' And with a butterfly kiss anid a merry laugh Evelyn vanished. She left me no wiser concerninig Guy. But after all, why should I want to know moro than that he loved me? The business side? Bother the business I If I am near thirty, my faith and sentiment are not extinct. I was ready to chance the business side. He was honourable. I would have staked my life on that; and nothing else mattered. I was not penniless, nor, I felt sure, was he. Yes, I was happy and content-too happy to sleep. I was ready for bed, had blown my candle out, and had combed my hair in the fitful fire-light for a full half hour. Nothing was left in the grato but a layer of glowing cinders. I fidgeted them about with the ' ourate' poker, as I went over and over in my mind my too brief conversation with Guy. 'A good night to you, my heart's queen I' How sweetly those parting words rang in my head. 'Yes, Guy,' I murmured, 'this is indeed a good night to me.' How eillyI Those two embers were not really like Guy's brilliant eyes, but they had conjured up that pale and striking face before me with wonderful vividness. What a face it was I His smile only had jarred upon me as not beautiful, and 1 declare it held a fascination in its bitterness. Doubt less he had gone through fiery trouble, of which I should hear, and it had left its trace. My poor Guy I A cinder dropped on to the hearth and died. I shivere involuntarily, and stirred the coals afresh. But the. poker seomed only to kill the firo now, and I laid it aside. I started. Somebody had entered the room. I felt rather than heard that I was no longer alone. It was with a feeling akin to terror that I turned round, though I know not what I expected. Close beside me stood Guy I He was still, I could faintly perceive, in the ruffles and brocade of a Georgian gallant. My heart leaped into my throat. In the dull red gloom his face stood out in ghastly pallor. What clid he mean by this? His conduct was exceedingly wrong, and I must show him that I thought it so. In troembling amazement I arose, blushing painfully. 'Leave thlis room at once,' I commanded; 'you have no business whatever to come here, and you must be aware of it. Had I concelved it possible- ' SAh but you did not know me, seraphic one, i forgive you ore you ask it. Come, seat yourself and talk with me again as you did erstwhile. How could I absent myself from you when I love-' With an effort I had regarded ay speech. Mi G eLno thi hie. e I seIus. Mas Ialgteas The bellrope hung by the bedside. .I advanced towards it. His figure moved between me and the fire. AND THROUGH IT I SAW THE RED COALS i All in in instant I realised thiat it was no man. With a convulsion of horror I clutched the bellpull in my shaking hand. But It was before me. I saw the long white fingers touch the rope above my head as if It, too, would ring. Inimediately the cord broke, and I found but the end and tassel in my grasp. [ fell back with an attempt to shriek, but for a minute .two gleaming orbs seemed to paralyse me. ' What a misfortune I We cannot sound an alarm. But at least let usi make the best of it., I rushed to the door witha screaming sob. But that terrible hand had rested on the handle before I could reach it. .It was instantly witlhdrawn, but when I touched the knob it tumbled on the floor.,, Shuddering and helpless I sanik to the ground. The figure stood over me, and I believed miy last hour had come,. Could it be that I had loved this loathly thinig? In exceeding terror arind hatred I souglht to cover my face with my hands. AntL could not. Those glittering eyes, were:;burning their wayinto my soul. Aind they held me. Slowly the figure bent down over, rnoe.. I could not stir a finger. Then it" kissed me on the lips; and it was as if a red-hot iron were' pressed upon them-or an icicle, I know not which. I prepared to die. 'In capable of utteriiance, with a fiialu inighty effort I traced with my finger the Sign of the Cross. rThere was a hellish groni indescribable 'in. the intensitiy of its horiror. Thait was all. .. The awful It'hand gone, asnd I was aloine-a prisoner. ''A dizzineses seized me and I all hut fainted.' Then elowly, silently, the door swung open on its own acnocord. Fresh terror spurred me to action, and lentme strength and ripeed. I fledfrom the room and along the dartk deserted passages, not knowing whither 1 went . ; Suddenly I ran up against a belated maid servant with a candle. Before she could go into hysterics I inquired sharply for Evelyn's room. She pointed it out tonmi. -1 I burst, in." Evelyn was asleep. I flung myself beside her and olung to her, sobbing and:crying like a child.:: It was a long while before I was able to, tell: her in. broken snatches what I had gone throuagh. She wrapped her arms around me, kissed me, and held me tight. . But she said not a word. A horrid dread flashed across me. SEvelyn, say you believe me. If you think me mad, I shall become so-or die.' 'My poor darling, believe you? Of course I do. Have I not reason to T' she muttered under her breath. rIsprang up. 'Why, Evelyn, have you seeoon him-It Who-what is he ? If you love me, tell me everything.' ' Will you not wait iuntil to-morrow ?' 'Oh, no, no. Tell me now. I feel I must know all. Sleoep? . Lthink I shall never sleep again. Only keep tight hold of me. Thank heaven you are flesh and blood, Evelyn I' There was silence for a minute. Then she spoke, slowly but steadily. 'It is the ghost of Guy Morritt. I. have never seen him, but others have. They say he is the curse of Our family, but of late the appearances have been so rare that the tale bid fair to become a mere legend. He is an ancestor of ours who lived in George I.'s reign, and was so badl a man folk called him ' The Devil's Squire.'' 'How do you mean? A murderer ? A robber.?' ' Yes, for he robbed girls' souls of faith and slew their purity. He left behind him manya shameful monument. When only thirty he died in the midst of hiedebauchery. Tradition says he possessed a strange, irre sistible faescination- ' I clutched. Evelyn tighter, and my teeth chattered as she said these words. Noticing it, she hastened on 'Well, that is all. With his dying breath he hoasted of his impenitence, and passed away claiming the devil as his liogo lord. Since that day his wicked spirit, clothed as of old, has from time to time haunted this house, as if seeking-oh, my dear I-to drag others after him.' Slowly the daylight crept in, and found us quivering in each other's grasp-I, haggard and deathlike, with a large white blister unpon my lip. This, a door knob, and a yard of bellrope, were the sole traces of my hellish visitant. But the horror of that awful night is upon me still. 