HAIL COLUMBIA. AMERICAN ATHLETES WIN EIGHT BRITISH CHAMPIONSHIPS. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, July 13. 1900. "Say[?] Do I dream, or is visions about; Does the Yank [?] creation? Is Britannia played out?" \\\ent to Stamford Bridge on Saturday la*t. Fine day, fine crowe, grand sport, two records decently interred. Came home feel ing like a funeral. Why? Oh, just nothing —only eight English championships gone to America, and ii that isn't enough to make one sad, I'd just like to know what is. It wasn't only poor little England that was beateu to—er—nothing, but Britannia. We had Norman Pritchard, the crack Anglo-In dian sprinter and hurdler ou our side —a man good for 10 seconds on the flat, and 1C seconds over hurdles; Stanley Rowley, the Australian crack, Dennis Morgan and Pat O'Connor, of Ireland, and Hugh Walsh, the Scotchman, to help u?i to keep our end up, but notwithstanding we went down bang, for the Yaukce invaders ran off with eight, out of the thirteen events decided. They gave u-s a taste of their quality first thing, for the initial event of the meet ing, 'the 100 yard*, saw W. W. Tewkesbury, of the Pennsylvania. Cniversity, wipe the floor with Priteliard and W-axisley in the first heat. He won by a couple of "yards, in 10 l-Sth. The second heat brought out A. J?. Duffy, of Georgetown, against whom we pitted jupp.of the L.C.A., and Brewed, oi Leicester, 'tlie Yank waltzed home a yard to the good in 10 l-sth, in- spite ot a cross wind. C. Ij. Burroughs, of Chicago, walked over for the third heat, and- then Stan ley Rowley, the good-looking an&podean;, put us on- better terms with ourselves by cau'iering away with heat 4 in 10 l-sth. So easily did he win that we thought he would show better than 10 see. when the final tussle came. The fifth heax introduced us to T. W- Jarvis, of Prrncetovvn Univer sity, who spun the course in "a yard worse than evens," beating two moderate oppo nents with consummate ease. The final was a race worth seeing. Duffy got away so quickly that he gained rally a yard from the rest, who chased him for all uhcy were worth. But he heirl his own to the end, and' won by half a yard from Jarvis, who was inches in front of Tewkeabury, with Rowley- beaten into fourth place by per haps tie thickness of a. hand. Duffy was timed at 10 sec., and not one of the run ners was a full yard behind him. Nest came the mile race, for which the holder, Hugh Welsh, did not turn out. There -were two Yankees in the field ot eight, to wit, Alex. Grant and E. D. Bush erell, of Pennsylvania. LTniviersn,y, but Charles Bennett, die Eirrdhley Harrier, tod dled home easily in a slow run race, a dozen yards being his margin from Gaze ley, of the Hero Hill Harriers, Who beat Grant half that distance for second hon ors. Time, 4 mm. 28 l-9th sec. In the weight-putting we pinned our faith to Dennis Horgan, who held the ciiamTHonshrp, and in October, 1897, put ?uhe 16-H). shot 48 ft. 2 in. His principal opponent was Dick Sheldon, of New York, and he proved on, the day a little too good for the Irishman, Who could not better 44 ft. 6 in. Sheldon's best- throw was 45 ft. 10* in., whicu is a. record for championship contests, though considerably less titan the British amateur record, which is Morgan's put, as ahove-mentioned. The high jump fell to J. K. Baxter, of Pennsylvania Cniversity, ?who cleared 6 ft. 2 in." in on easy lashiun. .None of hie op pcwients c-oodd do better than 5 ft. 9ij in., Henderson, of Oxford; O'Connor, of Dub lin; and Carrol, of Princetxrwn, dead-heat ing tab this height. Lealhy, oi the lribii A/A.A., who won. last, your, was dead out of form, and couldn't top tihe bar at 5 ft. 8 in. Ine 120 yards hurdle race introduced us to A. C. KTagruJfnj of Pennsylvania, who came limine with a reeora on cinders of 15 l-Snh sec., and realty is what that time suggests—a wonder. .Norman Pritch ard won the first heaa. easily in 16 l-5Ui sec, and ttien Kra^-n^Hn turned out to show us what he could do with a fellow coun trymlm, named Maioney. The latter hadn't the ghost of a dhow, for Kraenzhn was off the mark like a streak of lightning, aird, clearing the 4^-in. hurdles without ap parent effort, won by a dozen yards' in the remarkable time of 151 sec. The third heat fen to A. TraffordJ oi BtrmiiighailL, in log sec, and ihe foufuu was a. walk over for Lewes, oi Syracuse, UjS-A., who, how ever, did not trouble to turn out for tU* final. In this KraenzHn gave anotiber per fect eadiibition of the tart of timber top ping. Pritchard had no chance with the Yankee crack, who was faster off the mark, gained at every obstacle, and won by half a dozen yards in 15J sec— a. world's record lor a grass brack. It was a wonder ful performance, which put entirely into the tahade the great ettort of Godfrey Shaw, who, on the arms track in 18So, won ihe championship in 15 4-sth sec. Kraenzlin'ti effort, was about four yards better than Sbi&w;'e tine performance, and his form over hurdles is even more nnifihfrl than that act?mplMied runner's was. "He gets over the tiiurdies as if they werenrY tlrere," said one of the bystanders, and that is Hire best erplanaiion of how he does it than I <u n give. The hali-anile, owinrr to tiie tuumber of starters, producea three heats, A. 12. Tysoe, of Salford, the holder of the championship, winning tine first very easily m 2 mm., w?tu John Bray, of Maaaciiusetts, second. Dens ?nann, oi H£iine tUxil, acoow?tied lor the se cond, ih-uaiibeller, of Peiinsjivoiiii, run ning up an uhe stow time of 2 mm. 6 sec The third heat saw J. F. Cregam, of J^rinee toa, beats *L K. Graham, of Oaarbii-ctge, by live jutds in 2 mm. 1 3-5 sec, so in the final three Yankees opposed, three raigfeih nien. It 'was a fine race between Tysoe and Oregan, the latter ontenug jjiie tsraaght for home WBtih a. few yards' lead. Then Tysoe made hie effort, amd quickly caiehing the Yankee, won 'hanrd&omely; by half a dozen yards in 1 mm. 57 4-sth sec Denshatm ?was a bad third. The hammer rlhrowirrg fell to A-irnraV-ii John, aV-lamMEan, of New York, hurling the weapon 1<63 it. 1 in., amd (thus breafckig all reeorde. T. F. liaely, who won last year, and "held the British amateur record of 151 ft. II in., cotrJd onry achieve 138 &. 2 in. Hare, of Pemi^yl-rainaa, doing 138 ft. 9 in., and ?MoCracken, a, feilovv-eouritrv-man, 131 ft. 1 in. "He quarter-mile produced five heats, the ?wjmner being H. W. Pride Jones, L.A.C., 52 4^5 sec, W. H. Welsh, liklinburgh Uni versity, 52 2*5 sec, M. W. Long, New York, 51 2-5 sec, W. A. iMdloney, Mho walked over in- the absence of Stanley Kowley and C. G. -Davjfon, L.AjC., 52 4-5 sec. Ln the final Davison was very stow off the mark, Welsh mtiiking die pace a. cracker, ied the two Americans till a hundred yards from. home. Here Long made his bid for victory, ami followed by .Moloney, passed Welsh like a flash aud won by lour yank from his compatniot, mho finished half that distance ahead of the CieoLehman. Longs time was 49 4-5 sec. In tihe pole jump tthe American' star was again in the ascendant, all live competitors hailing from uhe States. Victory rested with B. Johnson, of N.Y., -nflio cleared 11 ft. 4 in. on faultless style, ins nearest oppo nent being Coleman, who topped 11 it. 1 in. Johnson's jump is a champirantaitp re cord, the previous beat being Bay's 11 ft. 3 in. m lt&l.; The British amateur record is 11 ft. 9 in., by Dickenson, and the Ame rican 11 ft. 10* in., by Clapp. For the four mile race 15 competitors toed the mark, including Charles ilennett (champion IS99J, J. b\ Binimer, of the Southport Harriers, 'Alex. Grant and Dick Grant, of America, and Alfred Shrubb, of the Blue Star Harriers. The race was rooked upon as a good thing for Bennett, but his mile victory had evidently taken the steam out oi him, and after the first two laps Kimmer was always in front, and running stoutly to the end, the South port man beat his more famous rival by lully 90 yards, with Shrubb 30 yards behind Bennett third. The Yankees were right ont of it from the start, llimmer's time was 20 miv. 11 sec. 'iaie long jump fell to the "Wonder," KaTienzliu, ai 22 ft. 10i in., \vhieb. is far short of what he can do when m tij>-Lop form, his American record being 24 ft. 41 in. P. O'Connor, of Dublin, was second at 22 ft. 41 in., and Leahy, of Ireland, third, with 22 ft. 2 iv. The four-mile walking race, as antici pated, feli to Champion Stui-gess, for the sixth year in succession. He negotiated the distance in 30 mm. 20 4-5 sec, beating Butler, of tlie "Poly," by 15 sec. There were no American entrants for this af fair, but in the final event, the Two-Miles Steeplechase, G. W. Horton, of Pennsyl vania, took part. He, however, had noth ing to do with the finish, the race being won by K. J. Hobinson, of Northampton, in 11 mm. 8 4-5 sec. Comparisons are odious, but here is a tabulated comparison oi the American and -British shares of the 1900 championship spo'l-:— live - : America. Britannia. 1(X) yards ..123 — I mile S 12 Putunc; w-^sat .. .. 1 :i 2 High jum? 1 i—tie. 3 2—tie. 1-3 D v-j-is -iinftes .. 1 2 3 SSJ \ardj ..2 13 llaninc-- ,13 2 441) yinfc _ 1 S 3 l*ole";.unr:-.. ?? .. ... 1 2 3 — Ijontr jz^j? .????? 1 2 3 H'alkitar r-oe .... — 12 3 Sieopleehaoe .... — 12 3 Sumirj.ry (eax-hidiii-r liijrb jump tie): — lir..'ri(?", is nrsts. 4 seconds. 5 thirds, Br.iOEfc, 5 nratj, 8 seconds. 7 thirds. UvSEmWem teaXAl 