TWO OF A TRADE. By Ve.nley Vokgel. “ It’a all very well for yon to talk, Maggie, when you can see your Ilex as often bb you llko. and both sets of parents are murmuring, * Bless yon, my children 1’ and you’re going to be married in six months 1 I wonder If you’d bo cheerful In my place?" And Norah Wbittam’s pretty eyes filled with tears. “ My dear, I never said i practiaed what 1 preached. How long is it since you’ve seen him ?’’ ‘•A whole week. What do you think It feels like when ; your heart breaks, Magglo ?” “ Horribly uncomfortable 1” said Mar garet Flynn, promptly. “ But he’ll turn up soon, mark my words 1” “ Oh, Maggie, you are trying ! How can ho turn up when uncle’s forbidden him the house P How can he write when he knows uncle examines the letters every morning ? ’ “ Well, he’s waiting for some opportu nity* Naturally the interview with the major would depress him.” •* Depress him ? My secondhand edi tion of it was awful enough. ‘ A paltry lieutenant, with the vagueat chance of promotion—a man who hasn't seen active service! Why, the young whipper snapper would run away if he heard a Bhot fired!' Think of it, Maggie, when Jack’s as brave as a lion 1’’ “ He’ll come somehow,’1 said her friend, Irrelevantly. “ So he said when I saw him Ip the hall after herd seen uncle. But ho-.v can he ? Here comes uncle, Maggie ; we shall have to go out with him.” Old Major Hoyle was Norah Whlttam’s guardian and only relative. And when, a fortnight before, Lieutenant Keith, of the 5th Lancers, at present home from India on sick leave after a fever, had dared to Inform him that he loved nia niece, the major had told him In no measured terms what he thought of his “consummate Impertinence.’1 “Walt for her ?” he shouted, In answer to a humble suggestion from Jack, “ So you shall, sir I—I’ll take care of that I— and for ever 1" “ And that ends the matter, Norah ! Do you hear ?’’ he said to his niece, as her lover went dejectedly down the garden walk. So for a week poor little Norah had gone about looking like a ghost. Then her friend Margaret Flynn had arrived on a visit, and succeeded In cheering her a little. The girls rose as the fine, soldierly looking old man hobbled Into the room. “Good morning, ladies. Norah, my dear, have the goodness to ring for my bovrll. Miss Flynn, yon look as bright and charming as though it wero May instead of December.” The door opened, and a sedate-looking butler entered with a tray. “ There’s an old soldier, Miss Norah, wants to see you. He's-Belliug shawls, and he's sure you’d take one.” “A soldier selling shawls? 1 don't want any, Trnefitt. Is he In the hall ? I’d better see him, perhaps,” said Norah, wearily, “No, my dear, certainly not 1” broke In the major—“ not in that draughty h»ll! Tell the man to come here, Trne fitt, if MIbb Norah wishes to see him.” . “Yob, air.” The old soldier was straight enough, despite his white head. He wore an ill fitting suit of blue cloth, and a shabby peaked cap, and carried a large oilskin covered pack. He seemed somewhat embarrassed on being shown Into the diningroom, and still more so at the sight of the major. “ I’m an old soldier, lady,” he began, In quivering tones, “ an’ I’m trying to sell these few shawls, an' I thought maybe you’d oblige me by takln’ one, I waB through the Indian Mutiny, an’ I got a sabre cut at Delhi, an1——” “What regiment?" Interrupted the major. A prolonged fit of coughing delayed" the visitor’s answer. ‘ . . ,, ystfl Foot, general," lie' said, at length. “ I’ve got a small pension ; but I’m trying to-” “ I was at Delhi,1' broke in the major. “ You were in the action with General Barter, of conrae ?” “ Adjutant ho waB then, general. An' I’ve got a medal for long service an’ good conduct.” And the soldier patted a decoration on his breast. “ Most interesting. I am always glad to meet another old soldier. I should like more conversation with you. Come and see me—let me see !—to-morrow after noon about 3. In the meantime, here is a shilling for you. Norah, my dear, put your things on at once. 1 am In a hurry, and Miss Flynn Is ready, I Bee. I will lot this worthy man out." The worthy man’s face fell as Norah * moved to obey. Perhaps he was thinking of his shawls, for he stepped forward as If to detain her. “ The lady cannot wait now, my good man. Possibly she may care to look at your shawls to-morrow—eh, my dear ? I will let you out.” And the fidgety old major piloted the soldier to the door. “Maggie,” said Norah, as the girls were sitting before the fire that afternoon, “ yon seemed remarkably taken with that old humbng of a soldier!” “ I, Norah ?" “Yes, you. Uncle didn’t let either of us get a word In, but you hardly took your eyeB off him.” “ Oh, Norah, Norah 1” And Maggie got up and put both her hands on the other's shoulders. “ Truly, love is blind 1" “Maggie, what do you mean? Tell me quick I” “ Well, I’ve only met Lieutenant Keith twice before he went to India; bnt I hadn’t much difficulty in recognising him this morning.” “Maggie,” said Norah, faintly, “are you sure ?' “ Quite, So will you bo if you think it over.” “But why didn’t you say?” Convic tion was slowly stealing in upon Norah. “ This Is the first time I have seen yon alone since he went. I suppose you hardly wanted me to speak at the time ?” “And ancle said we had to bike to the Trevors’ at three o'clock to-morrow. Oh, Maggie I” “ That’s a pity. However, we’ll man age things somehow.” Norah looked utterly bewildered, and for the reBt of the day she remained in a state of abstraction mingled with remorse. That the old soldier and Jack Keith were Identical she began to have no doubt. The more she mused upon the young lieu tenant's features, the more she realised that a little false hair and a few skilful touches would transform them Into just such a representation of a decrepit old war-hero as she had seen that morning. How could she contrive to see him alone to-morrow ? She absently salted her apple-tart at dinner that evening as she pondered over these things, all nn aware that the major was watching her closely. “ Surely,” he said to himself, when Norab excused herself from singing to him after dinner, “ she can’t be fretting after that young jackanapes I1' And then he tugged his moustache fiercely. Some times it did not seem very long since his own lieutenant days, and he was not such a hard-hearted old tyrant after all, He was persistent next morning in his arrangements that the glrk should bicycle over to visit friends In a neighboring town. “ The' air will do you good, my dear, and I shall be well entertained In your absence. You seem to forget that I am expecting the old man who was here yesterday.” “ But I waB going to look at his Bhawls, uncle J” “ t will tell him to call again, my dear. I particularly wish my note to go to Colonel Trevor.” The glrla racked their brains for some means of meeting their visitor alone. “ We might start late,” said Maggie. “ Or, slay, wouldn’t it bo better to go early for the chance of meeting him on the road ? ' Bui even here tho old major Innocently forestalled them. “ The sun Is so bright," he observed, as the girls wore getting ready to start, “that I think 1 shall go for a turn. I shall meet the old soldier ; he can only come aloDg the one road.” And he hobbled off, quite unconscious^of the two downcast faces In the ball. “ We muBt start,” said Maggie; “It’s no use waiting. We may meet him before the major does.” The major waB almost at the bottom of the steep hill which sloped down from his very gate, when the old soldier came round a sharp bend in the road and began slowly to ascend it. “Ah, my man, I was expecting you ; but to-day Is so mild that we can chat as well here as Indoors." “ If I could just go up to the house, general, an' show the lady these few shawls-" “ Oh, ah, yes ; I think sho Is jast go ing out, She wishes you to call some other timo." But a sadden scream made both of them turn sharply, to see a lady on a bicycle almost flying down the hill towards them. ’ The major saw the terrified face, and ■ thought of the almost right-angled turn In the road, and the stone wall imme diately below them ; and then he lost his head completely. “Stop, my dear—stop!" he shouted wildly. “Get off! Why doesn’t some one-" Someone did. Directly the machine dame Into view the old soldier advanced a little from the roadside, and stood calmly waiting- Now, as the girl was whizzing past him, he seized her round the waist with a strong grip, meaning to swing her clear of the bicycle altogether; but her skirt had somehow entwined itself In the dress-guard. And though anything worse than an ordinary spill was entirely pre vented by his prompt action, the rescuer, the rescued, and the bicycle wont down in a heap on to the grassy border of the road. The rescued one staggered to her feet first, pale and shaken, but unhurt. “ Oh, Jack, are you really not hurt. I was so frightened I” But the old major was hobbling exoitedly to the scene. “ The pluckiest thing I ever saw ! In one more moment it would have been too late! Name your reward, sir—name your reward 1” And the shameless old soldier picked himself up, making no effort to conceal a lock of black hair which was plainly visible beneath a much disarranged white wig, took Norak Whlttam's hand In his own, and said coolly ; “ This, Major Hoyle 1” The major’s face was ayperfect picture. But before he could speak Margaret Flynn rushed up and took in the situation at a glance. “Is she safe? Oh, Major Hoyle, for one awful moment I thought it was all up—when I saw her brake wouldn’t work! We never ride down that hill wlthbut a brake. Hadn't we bettor all come back to the house 1 I'm sure you’re both very much shaken I What a won derful escape ! 1 never saw anything so plucky 1 Mr Keith, If you will help Miss Whlttam, the major and I will bring the machine.” Perhaps becauao she was the only one oi them who could boast the least preten sion to a clear head at that moment she was meekly obeyed, and ten minutes later Norah and, the^ now rejuvenated Lieutenant Keith were collecting their scattered senses in two comfortable arm chairs before a cosy fire ; while the major sat in his study in a very bad temper. The major had gleaned one or two details as to the decrepit veteran while Margaret and he were bringing home the damaged bicycle. He had all an old soldier’s admiration for strategy, oven though In this case he had been Its victim. / And if he sent this young fellow about l his business, the story of how he had been taken in—flattered, people would say, by having a higher rank than his own accorded to him (how that “ general” rankled 1) would be all over the country side ! Moreover, he had the highest admiration for pluck and promptness, and he remembered uncomfortably that he had stamped abont and shouted while this young fellow had quietly acted. As for having forbidden him the house— well, he was sitting in tho diningroom at present, and in Ilia (the major's) arm chair. And here came a knock at the door, and Margaret entered. “ You know,” she said solemnly, “ there’s no doubt about It that he saved Norah’s life, and I’ve come to talk to you.” “ My dear," said the old Major, after she had pleaded the lovers’ cause well and eloquently, “ yon would coax tho very birds off their bushes 1 Perhaps — perhaps I’ve been a foolish old man.” And then they went Into the dining room together. Jack Keith ro*e as they entered. “ I ought to apologise, sir,” he began ; “ but I had to find some way of Beeing her. I hadn't any Idea—as yet—beyond getting a sight of her again—and I-" And then he stopped, for something like a smile was playing round the grim old mouth. “ I have to thank you, Bir, for saving my niece’s life," said the major; “but, by Jove 1 you young rascal”—and his tone changed—“ do you think there Is no penalty attached to hoodwinking a superior officer, and getting money out of him under falso pretences ? I've a good mind to pass sentence upon you myself I” There was a twinkle In the major’s eye which was reassuring. “ Penal servitude for life, my boy," he said grimly. “ And "—pointing to Norah, who held her lover’s hand as thongh Bhe Intended to share any punishment — ‘ there’s your gaoler for you I” 