NEWS AND NOTES. To-day's Issue.-To-day's issue consists of 12 pages. Central Board of fHealth.-At the ordinary weekly meeting of the Central Board of Health, Dr. Black presiding, the Chief Inspector (Mr. F. B. Lockwood) reported on the slaughter-houses at Guildford and Bayswater, and it was de cided to send out notices, asking the owners to make necessary alterations, and endeavour to kee" the places in a more cleanly condition. A report was also received concerning the insanitary state of the Maylands district, and it was determined to ask the Bayswater Board of Health to extend their boundaries, so as to embrace this locality. A communi cation was' read from the Perth .Local Board of Health, requesting the Central Board to sorganise inspection of beasts before killing for food purposes, As a considerable area would be included in this arrangement, it was decided to ask the local boards of health to make in spections in their districts. With re ference to the regulations made under section 154. for the prevention of over crowding of .gangways, etc., it was de cided to alter regulation 4, so as to read : "All seats shall be securely fixed together and under no circumstances shall chairs or movable seats be placed in the gang-. ways or elsewhere." Anglican Church News.-The Bishop Will preach atSt. John's. Perth. to-mor row morning at 11 o'clock, when there, will be a celebration of the Holy Eucharist, and in the evening he will preach at St. George's Cathedral. On Wednesday next, the Bishop will open the Eastern Districts' Floral, Art. Music and Industrial Society's exhibition, at Northam. Dean Goldsmith will preach at the Cathedral to-morrdw morning, and the Rev. C. E. C. Lefroy will offi ciate at the morning service at South Perth. The Rev. Canon Garland will return to the colony from Sydney dur ing the coming week. The Assistant Bishopric Fund has reached £1,535., Ordination Service.-At the North Fremantle Congregational Church on Tuesday evening last, the Rev. A. Cald well was ordained to the ministry of the Congregational Church. The Rev. F. V. Dowling, B.A., chairman of the Congre gational Union, presided, and also de livered the charge to the ordained pastor. The Rev. W. T. Kench delivered the ad dress to the church, the ordination prayer being offered by the Rev. C. Tay lor. The Rev. George Herrington put the usual questions to the candidate, and also delivered an address on "Congrega tionalism." Rev. E. Davies and Mr. E. A. Mann were also present at the ser vice, as well as representatives of Trinity and Fremantle churches. The Perth Weather.--The shade tem perature readings at the Perth Observa tory yesterday were-Max., 59.0; and min., 47.3. Outward English Mail.-The weekly mail for the United Kingdom, for trans mission, via Fremantle, by the R.M.S. Orizaba, will close, it is notified, at the G.P.O. on Monday at 3 p.m., and for eign mails at half-past 2 p.m. Late let ters will be received at the G.P.O. until a quarter to 4 p.m. Professor Rentoul.-Last night Pro fessor Rentoul left Perth by the express for the Eastern goldfields. On his re turn to the city ih October he will preach and lecture in the various Presbyterian churches. Amongst his engagements is a lecture at the West Perth Presbyterian Church on "A Run Through Canada and the United States." Cruelty to Animals.-At the Pinjarrah Police Court on Thursday last, before the Resident Magistrate (Dr. Lovegrove), Inspector Lander, S.P.C.A., proceeded against John McNab for cruelly ill-treat ing a horse by working it whilst suffering from sores. Defendant pleaded guilty, and was fined 21s. and 3s. 6d. costs. Congregational Church News.-To morrow will be observed as Home Mis sion Sunday in Trinity Church. The Rev. W. T. Kench will preach in the morning on "Recognised Obligations," and in the evening, at half-past 7 o'clock, will lecture on "Three Modern Puritan Preachers-Spurgeon, Parker, Dale." Special offerings will be eathered at each service in aid of the Congregational Union and Home Mission of Western Australia. The Rev. G. Herrington will preach in Cottesloe Church to-morrow evening on "The Gains of War." W.C.T.U.-At the meeting of the exe cutive committee held at the Leisure Hour Club yesterday. Mirs. Traylen was elected treasurer, vice Mrs. Vines, re moved to Melbourne, and Miss Barnes a member of the headquarters committee, also in succession to Mrs. Vines, with Mrs. Angelo to take her place as corres pondent to the "Union Signal." The re port read from the Albany branch gave an interesting account of the monthly social held on the last Thursday in Au gust, when the Rev. R. Dunstan and the Rev. Jas. Gibson, of Melbourne. deliver ed addresses. The report from Northam contained an account of L.T Legion meeting conducted by Mrs. Reid, super intendent of evangelistic work, when 60 children were present: and of another meeting held in the Presbyterian Church, at which Mirs. Reid delivered an address. Mr. Morrell's band greatly added to the success of the meeting. Convention accounts were passed. It was decided to take action in the follow ing matters:-The exemption of chari table institutions from the provisions of the Bill abolishing sweeps. raffles, etc.; to enforce the provisions of the Bill re garding Sunday work on the mines; and to facilitate the recording of women's votes for the election of members for the Federal Parliament. The president of the Fremantle branch gave very satisfac tory reports on the working of Somerset Lodge and Sailors' Rest, and Miss Barnes on her work in the Boys' Brigade. She had received offers of assistance from several gentlemen, including ministers of different denominations. The Threatened Water Famine at Wyndham.-For some time past it has been feared that a serious water famine would be experienced at Wyndham, in the East Kimberlev district. Hitherto the people of the township have relied on the well at the gaol for the water re quired for human consumption, and a few days ago it was found that the avail able supply had been reduced to about 4,000 gallons. Yesterday, however, the Premier received a telegram from the Resident Magistrate at Wyndham, an nouncing that water had been struck in a new well at the back of the Residency. He added that there was now a proba bility of a large quantity of water being obtained, sufficient,. at any rate, for human consumption until the next rams. Parliamentary Dinner at Government House.-Last night His Excellency the Administrator gave a Parliamentary dinner at Government House. The gnests were--Mr. H. Briggs, Mr. J. W. Hackett, Mr. R. S. Havnes, Mr: A. B. Kidson, Mr. H. Lukin, Mr. W. Maley, Mr. D. M. McKay, Mr. E. McLarty, Mr. M. L. Moss, Mr. George Randell, and Mr. J. E. Richardson, M's.L.C.. Mr. N. K. Ewing, Mr. A. Forrest, Sir John Forrest Mr. C. Harper, Mr.' W. H. James, Mr. W. Kingsmill, Mr. H. B. Lefroy, Mr. F. C. Monger, Mr. C. J. Moran, Mr. A. E. Morgans, Mr. R. W. Pennefather, Mr. F. H. Piesse Mr. E. Solomon, Mr. B. C. Wood, Sir J. G. Lee-Steere, and Mr. George Throssell, M's.L.A., the Clerk of Parliaments (Mr. C. Lee-Steere), and the Clerk of the Legislative Assembly (Mr. W. A. Gale). The house party consisted of His Excel lency and his Privafe Secretary.- Sir George Shenton, MrC. E. Dempster, Mr. J. M. Drew, Mr. A. G. Jenkins M's.L.C. and Mr. F. Illingworth and Mr. F. Wilson, M's.L.A., were unable to be present. Reserves.-The following have been set.apart as public reserves for the pur poses set forth ;-Mount Margaret Gold field (Mount Morgans), extension of townsite; Geraldton, agricultural and horticultural society; Bulong, roads board offices Greenbushes, United Friendly Societies; Yilgarn Goldfield, townsite. Southern Cross; North Cool-' gardie Goldfield, townsite ('Mulwarrie); Kalgoorlie, Church of England, Nor man area (Chatcup Spring),,water,; Norman area (Boyagerring Spring) water; Collie, recreation: Wilun school site; Yardarino, school site. The Water Supply Question.--On Monday afternoon, at 3 o'clock, a depu tation representing various municipali ties, will wait on the Premier on the sub ject of the water supply question. - Tender Accepted.-The folwing ten der has been recently accepted: . A. Payne, Black-wood River . Jalbarragup River, bridge and approaches, £47118s. ld. 'Appointments.-The following have been gazetted:--A. Freeman tolbe elec toral registrar for East Kimberley Elec toral District, vice Sir A. Campbell, re signed. Charles Beresford to be' elec toral registrar for York Electoral Dis trict during the absence, on leave, of W. G. Jervois, with effect from 11th inst. C. A. Inkpen to act as district registrar. of births, deaths, and marriages for the York Registry District during the* ab sence, on leave, of W. G. Jervois, to re side at York, and with effect from the 12th inst. Joseph Robert Campbell to be secretary and accountant to the Central Board of Health. .F.'Huelin to be temporary clerk to the Central Board of Health. H. A. Mitchell to be a mem ber of Donnybrook:-, Local Board of Health, vice C. J. Hough,` resigned. Chief-inspector W: C. Lawrence to be Superintendent of Police. from the'l2th inst. To be Justices of the Peace for the undermentioned Magisterial districts: John Borlace Warren, "of Menzies, for the North-Coolgardie Magisterial Dis trict; Richard Goninon, of Menzies, for the North-Coolgardie Magisterial Dis trict; James Cormack, of- Eucalyptus, for the North-Coolgardie Magisterial District. J. M. eFinnerty to be the Maistrate of the Local Court. Boulder. G. B1 Wilson to be clerk to Magistrates and clerk of. the Local Court, Boulder. William Milne to be bailiff of the Local Court at Boulder. H. I. Gordon to be acting accountant. Crown Law Depart ment. Julius E. Buddee to be a clerk in the Central office, Supreme Court. Charles J. Beresford to be act-' ing clerk to Magistrates. and acting clerk of the Local Court, York. George Pilkington to be bailiff at the Warden's Court at Lawlers, vice H. P. Breen. re signed; to date from 17th September, 1900\. F. W. Spence to be Wrden of the Phillips River goldfield. also Regis trar of the mining district. vice J. E. Angove; to date from 14th September, 1900\. E.P. Lee to be inspector of boilers in the East -Coolgardie District, vice F. J. Lander; to date from 18th September, 1900. Education Depart ment: E. Solomon to be a member of the board of management of the Fremantle Technical and Evening Classes, vice J. J. Highamn. for the unexpired portion of the term for which Mr. Higham was ap pointed; T. F. Rotheram to be a mem ber of the same board, vice J. H. Lewis, for the unexpired term of Mr. Lewis's appointment. Mrs. E. G. Le Souef to be a member of the South Perth District Board of Education, vice Mrs. Ewing, resigned. Mrs. W. G. Rennick'to be a member of the Coolgardie Committee of School Management. Adam John Petti grew McDonnell, solicitor. of Cairns, Queensland. to be an affidavit commis sioner of the Supreme Court. Western Australian Defence Forces. The following general order dated from headquarters, September 14, has been issued --Permanent Force-Mounted Infantry: Sergeant S. J. Chipper to be Lieutenant and Quartermaster, 18-6 1900. Postal Conference.-It has been de cided that the Postmaster-General (Mr. R. A. Sholl) shall represent Western Aus tralia at a conference of the official heads of postal departments, Which it is pro posed to hold at Sydney on October 24. to consider the unification of the postal systems and regulations of the various colonies in' view of the approaching con summation of Federation. Lake-street Church.-To-morrow (Sun day) evening Mr. C. Friend Hawkins will speak in the Lake-street Church on "The Up-lifting of the Son of Man." At the High-street, Church, Fremantle. Mr. Hawkins will speak on Tuesday evening on "When and How this World will be Judged." Mueller Botanic Society.-The mem bers of the Mueller Botanic Society have arranged a flower excursion to Armadale this afternoon, so as to afford members and friends an opnortunity of visiting the flower show which is being held there to-day. A train is timed to leave the Perth Central Railway Station at 1.25 p.m. The excursionists can return by trains leaving Armadale at 7 p.m., 8.46, p.m., or about 12.30 a.m., which are timed to reach the city at 8.30 p.m., 9.40 p.m., and 2 a.m. respectively. Tickets may be obtained at the railway station. Armadale Wild Flower Show.-Under the patronage of the Mueller Botanic Society, the annual wild flower show and sale at Armadale will take place to- day. the opening ceremony being performed by the Under-Secretary for Works (Mr. b1. E. Jull). A train will leave Perth at 1.25 p.m. Further particulars are ad vertised. Hotel Licenses Transferred.--in ap plication for the transfer of a nublican's general license for the Occidental Hotel, from P. A. Connolly to John Malone, was granted by Mr. A. S. Roe, P.M., yester day. A similar application for the trans fer, from Alex. Sanders to P. A. Con nolly. in respect of the Grand Hotel, was also granted. Bankruptcy.-The following have been gazetted: -Receiving order: September 18, J. Martin, draper, Boulder city. Adudication : September 13 B. F. Coni grave, agent, Perth. Notice of intended dividend October 5 (proof), J. A. Dunn, storekeeper, Kalgoorlie. Notice of divi dend: September??., T. Williams, hotel keeper, Cue, second and final. 3s. lid.-in the £. Applications for discharge: Oc tober 22, Margaret Davies, boarding housekeeper, Lake-street. and late of Roe-street, Perth; October 22, B. F. Conigrave. agent, Perth. Creditors' meetings (Bankruptcy Act Amendment Act, 1898): September 25, Charles Wil liam Parer, formerly hotel-keeper, Leo nora; September 26, King and Co., pro duce merchants, Murray-street, Perth. Probates and Letters of Administra tion.-The following probates and let ters of administration were granted for the week ending September 20:-Pro bates William Bewsher, late of Bun bury. military pensioner, to Frederick George Bewsher, £121 14s. 6d. Letters of administration: Matthew Barlow, late of Field's Find, miner, to John Barlow, £90 15s. 3d.; Paul George Reinhard, late of Field's Find, miner, to Richard Grossmann £104 4s.- Campbell Taylor, late of Lynburn, near Esperance, grazier, to Charlotte Taylor, £5,592 5s.; George Dixon, late of Fremantle, labourer, to Amalia Dixon, £767. The R.M.S. Cuzco.-The R.M.S. Cuz co, the first of the Orient Company's steamers to call at Fremantle on the out ward voyage, arrived from London at noon yesterday, the passage from Co lombo having been delayed by adverse weather. The vessel erthed at the South Qiay. hse had 23 inward pas sengers, including ,Mr. H. Teesdale" Smith, of the firm of Millar's, Karri and Jarrah Forests, Ltd., and those in tran sit numbered 165. Among the latter were Mr. T.' Curran a member. of the National. Party in the House of Com mons; and several members Af the or chestra 'belonging to Mr. George Mus-' grove's EngIish Opera Company, which is.coming out'to Australia in the R.M.S. Arcadia, due at the Port next' week. There are also two. soldiers invalided home from South Africa on board, Ser geant Sayer, of the-Australian Horse, New South Wales and Trooper Neilson, of the' Queensland Mounted Infantry. The Cizco discharged 200 tons of cargo, and after embarking 94 passengers for the. East, she resumed her voyage at half-past 4 p.m. - \- St. Patrick's Church; Fremantle.-To "morrow morning a grand musical service is to-be given in the new Roman. Catho lic Church, Fremantle. ..The mass to,be sung will .be Gounod's "Messe Solen nele,' to -be given by. the . combined Peirh and Fremantle choirs 'of over 60 voices, with an orchestra comprising 30 instirumentalists. ;Madame S pada and Mi.-Philip Newbury have kindly given their services for the occasion. Mr. F. Fereason will sing the bass solos. Mr. J.U erbert Eales will preside'at the new orran, the conductor .. being Mr. J. McDonnell. The offertory will be in aid of the organ and choir fund. ' Telegraphic Communication to Mount Sir Samuel.-The :telegraph 'line which has' just been extended to Mount Sir Samnel was. officially 'opened yesterday by -Warden Clifton. Yesterday after noon'the Premier received two iessages of congratulation from the Warden and Mr..: Owen Jacques, the chairman of the Progress' Committee at Mount Sir Samuel. ,.The Warden's telegram was :in; the following terms:-'Congratulate you' on the opening of the telegraph line to Sir 'Samuel this day, which will be of great benefit to this already impor tant district, and fully warrants egpen diture.. The residents 'are 'delighted and grateful." The.message from Mr. Jacques was as 'follows :-"Temporary post and telegraph office here opened this aftern6on by Warden Clifton. ",_Mem bers of this committee and the residents of this important and improving goldfierd 'desires' to thank, youselt personially and' 'the: Government :for. placing us in com miniication with' the outside world."' The Premier has replied to the messages, congratulating the. district on the new 'facilities it unoxv enjdys, and expressing the'hppe that the extension`?of theaele graph- line to& that centre will 'prove a great boon to the goldfields. . A' Shunting Accident.-During shunt ing operations at the Central Railway Stationi late on .Thursdadoa:l night; two' railway carriages were badly damaged: Either :the -ve hicles: had 'been "kicked'" into a dead-end siding, running to .the abutments- of, the ' Beaufort-street Bridge, with greater force than was ne cessary, or' the shunter. on board failed toapply the vacuum' biake sufficiently soon, for they ran with great force into the buffer-stop at the end-of the siding;' which. as, demolished, one .of the car -riages.being derpiled. -The ends of the. carriages- were considerably, shattered, but the permanent-way was not' dain aged. The shunter, by jumping before the collision adtually occurred, escaped "injury; :- During yesterday the derailed' carriage was replaced 'on the line, and both removed. The accident will, be the subject of a departmental inquiry; :. St. Andrew's Presbyterian Churclh. Chinese anniversary services will be held td:morrow. at both; diets of worship on-, ducted by the- Rev. W. H. Cooper, M.A: B.D, and Mr. Pow Chee. & Rev. W deooper will lecture in the Shearer Memorial. Hall on Monday evening on' '"The Study of the Human Mind." Baptist Church News.-An impresslve. baptismal service was conducted at Kal goorlie on Thursday of last week by the Rev. A. S. Wilson assisted by Messrs. G. H. Cargeeg and George Dibdin. On Wednesday of last week Mr. Wilson, as sisted by Mr. G. H. Cargeeg also formed the Boulder City Baptist Church. on the following basis :-"Faith in Jesus Christ the receipt of eternal life through Him, and the preaching and practice of Baptism into the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost immer- sion in water." This is substantially the basis of the Flinders-street, Adelaide, and North Adelaide Baptist Churches. The principal officers are: Acting-pastor D, Julian; secretary, H. Saxon Lee, of Boulder City ; and treasurer, Mr. Charles, of Boulder Block. The ser- vices of the Perth Baptist Church, Mu seum-street, will be conducted to-mor row by the Rev. A. S. Wilson, morning and evening. Services will be held in the Institute Hall, South-terrace, Fre- mantle at 11 a.m. and half past 7 p.m. Mr. Frank Holland will oniciate at both services. Wesley Church.-The service at the Wesley. Church to-morrow will be con ducted in the morning by the Rev. H. W. Congreve and in the evening by the Rev. J. A. Jeffreys (Superintendent of the Cir cuit), who will take as his subject "The Silence of God." During the evening the choir will render an anthem. On Sunday, at the Fremantle Wesley Church, the Rev. G. E. Wheatley will conduct both services, taking as his subject in the even ing "Seeking the Lost." Miss Amy Allen will sing Quentin's " Hosanna in Excelsis" and the choir will render Egglestone's new anthem "The Lord is my Shepherd." At North Fremantle the Sunday School Anni versary will be celebrated, the three services being conducted by the ministers of the circuit. At Jandakot the first anni versary will be celebrated, the Rev. F. W. Hart preaching in the afternoon and Mr. S. S. Snow in the evening. At Wesley Guild on Monday evening the Rev. G. E. Wheatley will conduct the third devotional study of Luke xv: Accident on a Dredge.-A young man named Harry Gilmour, residing in Lilly street, Beaconsfield, was severely injured at Fremantle, yesterday afternoon. He was working on the dredge Parmelia, which is lying alongside the Harbour Works wharf, when the handle of a steam crane swung round and struck him on the head, knocking him overboard. He was promptly rescued and conveyed to the Fremantle Hospital, where it was found that he had sustained a serious scalp wound. He was detained in the hospital for treatment. The Railway's' Chief Accountant.-Mr. Thomas Patterson, the Chief Accountant for the Government railways, returned to Fremantle from England in the R.M.S. Cuzco, yesterday. Society of Boilermakers and Iron Ship builders.-At a meeting of the United Society of Boilermakers and Iron Ship builders, held at Fremantle on Thursday, it was decided to support the delegates to the Fremantle Eight Hours' committee in a protest against the proposed removal of the railway workshops to Midland Junc tion. The suggestion that a Royal Com mission should be appointed to enquire into the site question was approved of. A lecture will be delivered at S Phillimore Chambers. Fremantle, on Sunday evening, at half.past 7, entited " What Theosophy Is." 